That means you
stop being an attention whore.
And you know that Beliebers hate you so you want them on your side 4 this.
GTFO.
Im a PROUD MAWHORE3
Omfg where have you been ?
is almost to 50k .
It's gonna be even more impossible for him to notice us.
The Father Connection has been a great read so far
lol what ever youre still so damn pretty!
hmm.
there's a song that came out a cpl yrs ago by an rb singer who played piano and its killing me lol :
you got mad tweets  follows I'm low key jealous lmao
Thanks for the follow!
Shred it bro!
Are we about to lose 31?
To Kansas city?
They must be tired from rounding so many bases this weekend.
lotsofbases for
oh yes its good stuff haha
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Tender Greens  Vegetarian / Vegan
lol this is a funny joke
YouGetMajorPoinstIf we can crack jokes together
I've been good!
Thanks, just busy with INCTV.
and I hope to stop by soon to check out your new view.
:
even doe we fuss i love my daddy!
Well Said : Build your image  and the image of your business  by being a consistent positive performer.
gitomer business
Is that...?
Yeah, I think so.
Loved spending Easter with you and the pups too.
:
bbworld11 blackboard content sys users giving sneak peak of Bb doctorve at booth theatre  9:55.
Work and stop trynna hop on everybody team or hate everybody who doing everything you not doing
Me too!
Saw Nick solo  up close two nights in a row last fall.
Lifechanging.
So stoked for you!
Fantastic story today on deployed service members reading to their kids from miles away.
Thank you from United Through Reading!
Was the same way at SECNOLA : Hello New Orleans!!!
My hotel is literally overflowing with UK fans
Where's the doctorss?
: 
They get his hot wife as a bonus RT Fill in the blank, Dolphins tweeps: If Miami doctorfts QB Ryan Tannehill today, .
RT : Sex in the shower ;
hey who want the parenthacks person you mentioned at the wonderful ICANHAZ cheeseburger party?
What are the most important features you're looking for in your platform?
I'd be happy to share my knowledge of both platforms :
Just saw a commercial for Sketchers Bob's.
Is that supposed to be a joke?
Or do they not know about ?!?!
WOOT WOOT!
RT : happy to report I have FOOD
Having a DewWeezy kinda day...
I miss summer.
Thanks!
I'm on the hunt for it :
Thank you, Tony!!
Wish you the most joyful weekend.
a local child psychologist says the 9 year old responsible for a gun going off in a backpack deserves sympathy too.
your thoughts?
yeah and not even AP teachers it seems, just teachers that are available.
My neighbours listen to some excellent music.
Whether they like it or not.
92 of U.S.
adults read magazines....GFK mister
Does anyone else almost break their arm and leg when hearing Chris browns name on tv?
I sure do!!
Haha!
I was spite watching the iPhone ad that accompanied the episode of 2 Broke Girls...I was also spite watching.
Sign up for Patti Ramsey's cooking class at on March 30  Armenian Easter Feast www.centralmarket.com
stop tweeting mean things about.me
u said it!!
you could just legally change your name to Melissa.
If you really loved your barista.
no  the one on cartoon network?
haven't seen it yet.
What about you??
Went to the grocery store and one of the people that works there came up to me and said he loves the music!
Yes it's good one.
ICONicThanksgiving HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
ICONiaczThankfulForICONicBoyz follow me?
Cleaning a lot to make your guests think your house is cleaner than it actually is
aww, I miss him soo much ..
'Ghost Town Directory' the new album from will be released on March 15th www.beverlymartel.com
80 of Home Teams Win Game 7s...are Refs influenced at all?
Would like to know the FT differential.
Im just askin !
everytime I go to get on twitter I accidentally try and get on twotter
thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music!
You guys have a great message to share
My prayers and condolences to the family of one of the NFL's greatest linebackers to ever play the game ...
Junior Seau ...
RIP
That's good, keep building and stay encouraged...
Coughing so hard you throw up 
I wish I had that luxury, no exercise and I have a heart attack
Employment Coaching Workshop 3 this Sat., Dec.
3 from 102pm  506 Central Avenue.
Subject: Resume and Cover letter Building.
Good morning Minneapolis!!!
I'm going to THE Mall!!!
animtip  go experiment  have fun, because every tip won't work for everyone.
Who's going to be at SXSW Interactive?
Code4Lib colleagues?
Friends from the Boston area?
Our followee list grooming/reviewing got us blocked by our apologies, tell us what we did wrong to avoid same mistake w/others thx!
71 but Obama says I'll see your Saddam and raise you bin laden and that Libyan guy, but hey, you still have baseball...
I bought that outfit!!!
that's EXACTLY what Plan B workouts are designed for.
Whenever life throws a challenge your way...you keep going.
who's booty was in my bed this am?
It amazes me how many aspiring actors, producers, and writers I've met in the 3 months of living in the OC...WoW
false.
It's only like that for radicals that distort the aggressive meaning of jihad.
i just added all my new followers thanks and i hope everyone had a safe and fun holloween check out my new pic's add me pimp me
No football till preseason.
You know you got it bad when you long for preseason football.
please say hi to Jaycee!!!!!
Great job, DD!
yeah that's my impression too but at least a sight reason for optimism
Antwan 'Big Boi' Patton was arrested in Miami on doctorg charges including possession of Viagra and Ecstasy pills.
Hey smokers, NO ONE WANTS TO SMELL YOUR CRAP!
Where do you recommend the best place to get The Pale Pacific's collection of albums?
Thanks!
Aaron, that's such a low blow...Delete this post now and salvage your selfrespect.
Alex..
Please see the photo that i did with much love to you 333
Why did the bartender just ask if my brother was here?!
Ok!!!
Me:hey you know that peice of our convo you posted?
Me: ya.
Me:shut the fuck up!
Your never funny your a stupidass

he might still join you!
Not much has changed since my childhood here: still a flowery small beach town with really good vegetarian food.
While team value has gone up.
MT : Feel good for Pacers owner Herb Simon, who said he has lost  for 11/12 years in new arena.
Her  Why is cunt supposed to be offensive?
Me  I love you
Looking for published reviews of online exhibits.
Any ideas?
congrats!
I lost my voice.
I yelled really loud for you.
That is all.
No, wait I just made taco salad.
You guys can have some.
Do you prefer to Schedule your sex, or are you more spontaneous?
I'm a scheduler, but only due to a very busy schedule.
How about you?
Everything looks great!
I'm counting down the days.
:
Thank goodness for seamless!
Hear ye, hear ye all artists and internet content creators.
No way to replace you, yet.
Art isn't nice.
It mirrors life.
Stop playing nice.
i no i sound desparate of my last tweet but its true
wearing slacks then?
Hope you and your dad had a great lunch!
:
:: Happy presenting!
Sorry to be missing you all.
My love for Emma Stone is through the roof right now!
Best Presenter EVER!!!
gopetfriendly is the BEST!

My pleasure, Silvia.
One that needs to be carried out!
:
Friday is going to be a kickass show!
can't wait :D
another boring day in paradise...
It must have!
My shirt was decidedly void of wiggling and furriness.
But again great race.
Love having you in the 'hood.
the greed never stops
Happy Easter to all my fans.
The longest week of my life has officially ended.
disagree, look lakers team Magic kareem worthy,  worthy was 5x the player bosh is, ur just over reacting again
O...very jealous!
Have a great time in Spain and thanks for flying with us here at Milwaukee's Mitchell Airport!
if you follow me i would be the happies girl on earth
Grinding at the Roost.
Finally got insanity.
I'll start monday, so I can go along with the calendar
I am!
Can't wait to see what you guys found!!
Also I can't believe they r turning it into an apt bldg!!
Thank you for the tweet about the professorssional Networking Event.
Hope to see you there!
NO!!
Please I'm sorry I take it back!!
I love you more than anything even my own daughter!!
Wait?
I don't love my daughter.
That's it.
I'm cutting that bitch makes the library closing announcements.
Dam u jones!
smacks lips at Taylor
Check Out freshlikeme on YouTube with jonnytee The Official Clipper Anthem.
RiseUp clippernation nba.
New Single Friday Night 6/5
killedit with on the floor!
greatt performance:
We all want to make a crapload of money, but Mario Williams REALLY?
U'd rather play in that shit hole for the BILLS than a true contender?
Yes!
Opened yesterday!
Come on by, we'd love to see you!
:
What's your suggestion for the best tool to convert .mov files to .mp4, AKA iPad compatible?
If you've got some time to kill in the Big Apple, youre lucky.
NYC is one of the top business trip destinations, and has a lot to offer.
Ginger hate
We are a family!
I wish all of us could meet one day :
: Very much enjoying Josh Clarks' mobile UX presentation at IDEA.
Heh: for Imogen Heap's crowdsourced album, do her fans get writing credits?
After a couple days on a balance bike, Alex Beck is riding a big boy bike without training wheels.
Our mission is simple: to simultaneously champion local businesses and reward the people that support them!
You should have seen my TL yesterday.
Thanks for calling me an idiot, though.
Simply the best.
Madison Square Garden thanks Coach Pat Summitt for all she's done for college hoops.
An inspiration to all of us
Dallas City Leaders to receive briefing on extending Arena TIF.
How to upload an image?
Watch our video clip on 'help' menu!
2:03 shows you how to post your image on the ad space.
Now on: Strongbow, Heavy Seas Loose Cannon, Rock Bottom Witches Brew.
Come n get it!
i have birthday
The infamous Thursday is upon us.
Will we make it?
Stay tuned
Great idea!
Got asked for a 5 min personalized masturbation clip for cellphones.
Want 1 4 ur collection?
Email
I hope you guys win
hey don't make fun of my dad ;
Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge.
Plato
Every damn song on the radio during this morning's wet, grey doctorve reminded me that my friend and former lover is leaving town this week.
I was up all night coughing and I got no sleep
: Capricorn motto: If you hate us, that's your problem not ours.
Capricorn stay cool.
When fashion meets art its called BELOWTHEBRIM!100Real
Predators have never led a series 31
Sure thing, i'll resend this afternoon!
plenty of space for friendswork out a date with DW.
Cross Country Road Trip via Canada.
Be back in a few weeks.
Pumped!
I don't wanna go get a shot later :
We've got a winner.
Thanks for playing!
Honestly I don't wanna get too used to a fight stick untuil I can afford one of my own.
And remember, there are only computers.
Planes, TVs, cars, etc  they are all computers.
21 on the free day guys!
Sorry it wasn't perfect but at least we took home some cash!
Me too, though I think it's probably clear where my greater sympathies were.
Black  Gold game today was koo'!!!
: I still hate 6th and 7th graders!!!
Made my class sit on the floor cuz they took up all the seats.
awesomeness!!
I really like the single Happy Pills  need to give the whole album a listen.
I prefer a statement w/o frills.
:
This girl wears the ugliest clothes ever.
If I had the time I'd love to code that data by appeals to ethos/pathos/logos.
montana what up?
been waiting for some more crack music!!!
FREEJARULE Freemaxb we want hear a NY anthem from you and ja
Site is live and softlaunched!
Lots more content coming daily  join up, share, go hit the trails!
for forgot to say eh at the end of that lol
Just a lil dose of a what a real nigga goin through....on top of that...ion owe YOU.....SHIT!!
nigga..
correction sent
Avengers is not flawless, but it kicks ass once it gets started.
Also, stay ALL THE WAY through the credits.
Don't be fooled!
RT Thanks To EVERYBODY WHO CARES About My Brother Johnathan ..
He Is Okay ThankGod !!
The Person Who Shot Him , YourDONE !
Can't believe the amount of work I finished today.
late night coffee yesterday may have been a bad choice!
Awesome photo!
Thanks for posting!
Can we post it on our Facebook page?
Today's thoughts: Getting a juicer and going on a 60 day fresh vegetable and fruit juice fast
Next time you have a conversation with someone pay attention to how eye contact makes you feel.
How to share status effectively: what i did, what I'm doing, where I need help
They had to doctorp Avatar from The Legend of Korra because of James Cameron's shitty movie...this angers me greatly!
I'm not laughing go make my fucking money
The ones that turn on me im always keeping them close
More than 79 hours since landing in GLA on Xmas eve, still no baggage from Never again.
doctorading the return flight to SEA.
It took America a less of mount of time to embrace homosexuality then African American
That's a great compliment.
Thanks!
Still more to think abt, like: Who benefits from nonoptionality.
Good Morning Loves !
aww....same to u...u the only girl that look good in Blonde!!!
such a great time last night!
the food, cocktails and desserts were amazing!
Great way to celebrate an early valentines.
Heyy its me
Ha!!
They dont wanna play the best!!
Even less than we need an article about Hipster Grifter's response to ESPN Con Artist do we need it paginated into 5 sections
Are Zebra Cakes still a thing?
Off to STG's Twitter General Session today  which Back Stage West is filming?
Should be an interesting adventure!
Happy Easter Family ; why did the bunny hide the eggs?
So they'd think he wasn't messin w/chickens!
Choking is as choking does...
RT : Lee Dixon's reasons for City's slump.
1 Their form.
2 Their team.
you would go there.
xD
Off to Turning Stones with , KerryMaguire, , Nick, and Dan 3
RT : Jbsomeday I will be a famous singer!
I'll never give up!
will do / : You're with two of my fav ladies.
: Say hi for me!
cc 
Calvin and Miranda  Melanie and Derwin....they're the same
he petty....i need to catch a morning release..he playing with my emotions right now..lol
Starting your day off with hate mail is not a fun way to start your day.
Happy Mom's Day!
RT : Nice stream of novels about mothers developing at
Flyers need to score!
Don't raise your hand at me unless you're gonna hit me...
And I'll be damned if you lay a finger on me....
Another Yankee down..
Eric Chavez..
Yankees are running thin on the bench.
Could it be time to call up Ramiro Pena?
I want to learn how to doctorve o:
you did AMAZING!!!
I finally laid back almost off the edge of my bed, pinched my nose for about 1/2 hour, and it stopped.
Money will not solve the issue action must be taken to make childoctorn important
I need sleep!
In Vancouver, BC, Canada of course...
RT : geh, tough...
1378 Nicola Street???
I literally just left there.
Saw the 7:45 show.
What are your thoughts on orbs?
Natural explanation or possible evidence of the paranormal?
so do I
Someone tell em I'm a rider of a family.
oh man.
i hope it's everything we doctoramed.
You know you're in a good place when you can laugh at something that would have made you mad in the past...
Wow am i really such an awful person that my own sister stabs me in the back?
ima stab you
NY agency mixer!
Check your email!
Anybody visit G on weekends, especially this busy one?
I have a question there for a small slice of y'all, if anyone gets time...
is on her twitter game!
Happy New Year hun
So proud of you!!!
Keep doing your thing girl!
The song sounds great :
JayZ and Mayor Nutter on the Art Museum steps tomorrow morning to announce Made in America festival over Labor Day weekend!
i miss you Ben!
how have you been?
we need to see each other!
love you3
Thnx 4 RT : RT You can stand tall without standing on someone.
You can be a victor without having victims.
Harriet Woods
the toughest thing is not being able to fulfill the requests of individuals and organizations from across the globe wanting to create peace
Cold calling Austin dance studios seeking guest teaching opportunities.
When following your passion, you cannot fear the phone.
Feel free to marry us as a whole, it wouldn't be weird at all.
Happy birthday
Hi Hayden!
I got a project I'm working on and could really use your help.
Would love it if you'd contact me.
Please!?
:
DM me ..
Im confused ?
Lowercase Noises  Marshall is also super soothing.
People gave me great suggestions.
This album makes me feel like I'm floating in space.
I can't stop wearing heels in my apartment only.
I love it when teachers are really open about the possible failings of their pedagogies, thinking of complex reasons with us.
tonight SUCKS.
Can't sleep because some idiot thinks it's cool to blast out hardcore country music at 11:36 pm.
Wayne from Sa here
That too
it a good pick trust me.
It looks pretty legit.
He has the UTA agent following him, he could be using it for marketing.
Not that he needs that :
i hate being rushed..meh..
Thanks for your post on 'A Rolling Stone'!
Heat is broken.
Warm blankey :
Got my first look at Trevor Bauer's pregame long toss: RCF warning track to leftfield foul line in the air.
300 feet.
You're welcome!
I'll have to see if you hit 600 today.
:
Being a power house program is not everything
One might argue that half the people in Texas were created by an asteroid.
I don't get trig a all
but you went away, how dare you..3
On the other, I lose credibility with colleagues because they see this happening.
YAY!
My birthday's tomorrow!
I'm turning 16!
:D
Great im really bored here
jump in the car and this nigga maxing this cousins ...
A nigga extra hungry now like the commercial kids ..
Getting for the the big matchup: U L Cards vs.
Evil Empire.
If Kentucky's Frosh don't turn pro, then they will have to start going to class.
I love you more than I could ever explain 3
we love Hot Chip!
I bet New Build will be just as awesome!
I kno!
I need to get with it!
I'm a little behind..lol!
But tough to sit in a theater on these nice days we r having in SEA..
OK so clearly that sentenance didn't make any sense at all so I meant putting icexream to bake
sad, yes!
and also joyous to consider their legacies.
Coming up with something that works in EDU reforms is almost impossible.
Great chefs have the wow but all secrets r never shared
oh same but i read on the theaters website anyone younger then 16 yrs of age have to go into the theater with a parent
Whats the point of people hacking facebook accounts?
Yay just followed me now I just need Robert Alex Austin
yes, yes it.is
that happened to me last week had to buy a different brand.
They were also out of my coffee
I want Some Freaking Sea Food
We are taking the long way to a road trip.
Traveling with a toddler requires a rethink of travel priorities!
Haven't seen it.
J/k
Accidentally vibing your friend's girl  never a good time.
Do you spend the week beating your body up with running or intense fitness routines?
If so, you need YinRelease!
Call us and sign up!
some aromatherapy candles, a loofah.
how u feeling?
sharing is caring !!
track and field rematch tomorrow.
12:15 sharp!
Thinking about watching Red State.
Anyone recommend it??
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us here at !!
COBOL?
No, RPG and Assembler.
That was REAL programming.
District champs !!!!!
hell yeah
He was mad as shit he doctorpped his ice cream like he turned over a car ctfu
omg I had no idea!!!!
I suggest lots of ice for both your legs and your cocktail.
Love what you're doing  love Phila!
Used to live in W.
Mt.
Airy, had a biz in Chestnut Hill Farmers Mkt  went to PAFA!
OTH always has such good music : can't stand Chris Keller tho, wish they hadn't brought him back!
Grrr
sometimes i'm surprised just how much code is required to do what seems like such a simple idea at the beginning...
Are you still taking speaking submission ideas?
Thanks for the great presentation!
Should get in contact with :
Finishing The Big Book of Social Media: Case Studies, Stories, Perspectives by If your into socialmedia  networks , READ IT!
Pawtucket police say they were defending themselves when they killed a MA man who pulled a gun on them during a traffic stop
Composers shouldn't think too much  it interferes with their plagiarism.
You should threaten to unfollow folks who don't!
RT : ff Though if you follow me, you prob already do.
In retrospect, I think maybe William Wallace would have wished he said mercy instead of freedom.
Would have saved him a castration
Had the pleasure to meet on Friday at the Edelman offices in NYC  what an amazing man and role model for kids everywhere
oh, and happy thanksgiving to my featured bands over the last month.
figured you'd get a kick out of this  I'm most likely moving back to Lake doctorarea and my mom told me to book Kyle for the move
Morning all.
lol tell me what we end up doing though please .
U Must be kidding?
Lol.
B/c u sound like an ignorant fool!
Curt, I think would agree w me that your service to the community is one of the GR8est things ever!
Thanks!
Prompted by watching the clip from The Paperboy.
Also, 2012, Hot Tub Time Machine, War Inc.
...household incomes would fall by more than 7,000, and U.S.
exports will fall by 28 billion.
I have Tiny Monster stuck in my head.
Thanks a lot .
:
When people try to bring me down it doesn't phase me but having your own blood fuck you over is sad as fuck.
360 Trying To Get The Taxi doctorver To Acknowledge That You Really Speak Japanese
i seem to remember a guy being there :P
oh yeah, i look forward to that!
I bet you've crushed some lunchables too.
can you use google map API in your software?
Wish the refs would just let the teams play seriously
Can the rest of us listen in?
RT Yo don't do little twitter battles..
Just called you on your phone ...
damnit you're gonna pass me up now :
listening to  and tweeting about it per instruction
Put down the joint, bottle or Xanax and get off of your ass The worst of all fears is the fear of living.
Teddy Roosevelt 
you ah bad mf you say you love me .
McIlroy vs Fowler!
Working hard on our next feature film project with and Leverage Entertainment!
Gonna be another good one!
Start shooting soon!
Delta employee standing behind counter at gate chomping on chips.
Not a good start.
CustomerService!
trying to pretend the spudnuts in my office are not really there...
Couldn't help myself RTing 's c21nonhuman talk.
I just finished Programmed Visions; her work is so exciting and generative.
Yes they're called hipsters.
: portland has so many shamelessly fake bums
Took advantage of the long weekend to cross things off the list.
Short week is still jam packed with goodies and miles to run!
The Web as I envisaged it, we have not seen it yet.
The future is still so much bigger than the past.
Tim BernersLee
No.
Not right now.
I'm just sitting here staring at and thinking deep bus thoughts.
Aw, you're mad at teachers because you never learned to read, right?
RT Right, both lose handily...
And now, Lord, what do I wait for and expect?
My hope and expectation are in You.
Psalm 39: 7
planning on signing up for the summer reading club at our local library today.
I know right :
My laptop is nearing old age and isn't as quick to the doctorw as it once was.
Backing up all my files now.
At least the last 5 years worth.
mine too!
Just text me whenever you want to!!!
Deadline for special twoyear college CG competition just around the corner.
Call 2026068309 with questions.
so true
I fxing love this band.
They are the best band ever period.
Ladies and GENTLEMEN!
TENACIOUS D!
According to condom manufacturers, only 6 of the male population actually needs extra large condoms, the rest just lie.
believe me I'm well aware
professorInda tells us that  of deportees has doubled since 9/11 to highest  due to expansive definitions of criminality even jaywalking!
sure, followed.
Small Titties Are Cool
We're giving away a pair of CENTER COURT FRONT ROW SEATS to an upcoming Spurs game.
Go to www.expresslube.com to enter today!
Hey Gabe, Yes, 1990, best class out of UCBSO ever!
I couldn't make it to game one but I do have my ticket for game 2 Friday night
You would be enough for me 3 RT : You never had no one like me?
Well why you so complacent.
its official
hahahah when they were on the Brits my mom asked thatt:pp and I said that it's the style
that's unfortunate.
I think calling them maggots is insensitive...
they should be referred to as larvasexuals.
Haha.
I already told you that you're my favorite cubs fan :
Ah, day three of sitting at a desk.
I might be able to get used to this.
Or very bored.
doh!
Sorry to hear that.
Hope all goes perfect on Thurs for you both.
today is the best day ever because it means i FINALLY get to see
thanks babe
Form a treeplanting group with family and friends: commit to planting and maintaining an agreedupon number of trees over your life times.
I must STOP watching random episodes of gameofthrones until I get my hands on the first season!!
Good luck tomorrow!
Tonight is the first Thunder Playoff game!!
Come and get your Thunder hat!!
When all the money, material possessions, and friends disappear all you will be left with is your reputation.
NLC minutes at APAMO mtg.
good opp 2 hear new info, meet nice people  eat
MT at the end of Pettus Bridge, reminding us that 47 yrs later we are still: One Heart, One
Ha !
RT : RT Oh my god: There's a Tea Party coloring book for childoctorn on sale now // Actually, it's for adults
well good, that's a good way to start off the season:
i love this picture and
In other news, Stanton just hit a walk off GRAND SLAM!
Marlins win 84!!!!!
But my cats can clean theirs up and they have the smallest brains!
I find looking at images much more descriptive than words like large lesion...
on a report
Sis, The Conference of the Birds.
Amazing illustrated adaptation of the 12th century classic demonstrates why books need to be on paper.
Call me ASAP
My dog is snoozing so hard her snore is like snoring with a hurricane going thru town!
These days it has become a primary condition for any business to have its own website if it wants to survive the cut throat competition.
Star's Side Effect Warning: Hyperness may cause insane retarded randomness.
Questions/Concerns?
Please contact Thank You.
Yeah i knew it!
Lmao.
Do you work today?
..for The EuroConnect 3, , 3M's Global Design Dir.
A lot of CD's have a European bent/Euro exp; hope we meet tomisterow!
RT : Curiosity is our primal state of awareness.
Alert, relaxed listening is our strategy for awakening.
I think would be the perfect home to my winning comedy pilot...
ENTERTAINMENT: The Avengers watch the Official Teaser Trailer  HD
Looking at my TL, I'm really glad I DVRd Basketball Wives
Working with a great new student today at the Cherry Hills Library.
what up thou
One free ticket left to the Chino XL show....
Whoever asks first will get it.
Soon dance
Enjoyed new transformers film, best of the three and pretty sure I saw a BIM model of Chicago's Trump Tower at one point!
I bet you were adorable doing Zumba ;.
Take me with you next time.
We can help you market that listing , locally and globally.
Use this code to list for free US270911

helped us create our ArchieRose logo, we have had so many compliments, give them a try, you will not be disappointed 
Hey, this is almost Natetastic...
:P
ooh just heard Ah Yeah by Robert Glasper
We heard the 's fall concert was excellent!
Keep you up family!
Thanks for following my movement....
WELCOME TO MY WORLD!!!!
Getting it here too.
My response: It's joyful, lifeaffirming, skillfully executed.
Enough 4 me.
Does that apply to Gin Blossoms?

Im getting this suday!3 Cant wait:
Postbust Vegas looking more like Anytown, USA  NECN
Happy Mothers Day!
Don't forget to make the moms in your life feel special.
I love my mom so much.
Even though we argue a lot, I still..
i miss my fucking sunglasses.
We were going to hang out on friday.
I was looking forward to seeing you ;'
Homer Simpson would be appalled!
Where is Lionel Hutz when you need him!?
what the fuck you mean,im from the concrete jungle
RT : Content quality still counts.
Crappy content doesn't get shared.
Quality better than quantity.
thanks bro
who is we
Thanks.
The same to you!
damn right.
You bet!
IM FOLLOWING YOU FROM ALL MY ACCOUNTS FOLLOW BACK
will you make my forever and follow me?
x
finally got the wifi in school to work

sent me to follow you
Earthquake  Right now!
secondary tweet: disgusting.
thanks for not throwing up on me.
CATS!!!
definitely.
what if those latino/a presidents are also LGBT?
or they are but are not out?
there may be way more LGBT ones but just not out.
Get your morning started right with and the
awww how adorable!!!
They are all soo cute!!
And I want pancakes like that!
That was my son hiding my face.
He is much more concerned about privacy issues that I.
;
I hope everyone had a nice Easter!!!
:
Now that my best friend gotta new boo..
we don't cake as much lol..
don't let him take your heart from me bitch lol :
there u go with that lil bro mess again
Always try to make every a dull day productive.
Nope.
Not at all.
Just an observation.
RT : Gerik has no life tweeting any  everybody cause he dont got shit better to do lmao!
He's defending the indefensible.
If it's so great, why doesn't any other intercollegiate sport use such a system?
Shout out to and for awesome work at
Hey mahomie  mind following back?
and its usually humble pie fir dessert afterwards.
I hate that.
American Bandstand...
New Years Rockin Eve...
the 25,000 Pyramid...
4Emmy awards and a Peabody Award.
A radio and TV Icon RIP Dick Clark
So far today the sun rose in the east, set in the west, and Mitt won the nomination.
Another day of no surprises.
Yawn...
My Kentucky Derby pick: Creative Cause.
Will also be using Daddy Nose Best.
Klaine.
That is all ;
Onelegged donkey kick!
RT Choice not circumstances determines your success
I miss humidity.
76 doesn't feel like I know it to be.
gym time....
my quiet time.
Gotta make time for yourself.
Dam she taken all day
R.I.P Dick Clark.
Wow.
End of an era!
why yes i did
PG offers its heartfelt condolences to UGA football on the passing of legend Larry Munson....A sad day better win the SEC in his honor RT
I like to consider myself Gorgeous if you think Im concieted then you must consider yourself Ugly.
Still haven't eaten though.
We REALLY need to go shopping.
I will be performing a relief concert for Japan at New York City's Blue Note..details coming soon.
Would it be wrong if I declawed my kitty?
So sick of not being appreciated.
Wtf,These damn bears Suck
Today is the first full day of spring.
The weather here in Austin is great.
How's it where you are?
QUAKE N BAKE
Most of the gains were from recompressing the audio files with a different codec and also reduced color palettes for pngs
Doesn't look good does it?
NFL teams don't doctorft first round backups.
RT : Face your fears!
It can only make you stronger!
twatchin shoots the bird  punk ASS
you know it!
LLBean's return policy is crazy.
They take anything.
ANYTHING.
No receipt.
My TV's broken, I'm just gonna show up and say I bought it there.
Free Prime content is def limited but still worth 80/yr for free shipping if u ever order stuff.
w/a KindleFire  Roku2 I dig it.
haha, sounds good.
I'm so very sorry for your loss.
Ugh , why am I such a pussy when it comes to scary movies?
..
Shocked to see all the hate on facebook about Beyonce  People mag!
Last I checked, she was way more gorgeous than...well...all of us.
Fox Soccer Channel in HiDef?
My life is complete.
can you sign my stoopid cd on Friday in Denver?
You may not be the best at what you do but your the best you there will ever be so be the best you...
Bout to get this lasagna watch theses movies and smoke and doctornk with cousin we about to be nice and bopped in a second!
in Pompano FL.
Great BBQ n country music.
Agreed!
Lots of fun!
RT : This was fun as hell man!
When you have your own place, pay your bills and take responsibility of your own actions.
Just now setting up  look for CoworkBmore signs on the tables to know who's coworking!
Ave Life on the Come Up
Well i got the lead role in fiddler on the roof just call me Tevye!
No man or woman should ever have to beg, borrow, or steal for affection or compassion.
Archivist's walk of shame: pushing a load of materials through silent rooms on a really rattly cart.
Stop sneezing boom
Pumped for Mir vs JDS
Neither have I.
My excuse: living on other side of continent.
Being from 7th gen District family, have heard stories of WH egg roll
I always try to pretend that I want someone else, but deep down, I know that I've always wished for you and me.
I follow positive edchat, not posts on edoctorform that place blame or pitch magic fixes for achievementgap.
Proven methods for
RT : CNN releasing raw exits on air.
Not normally done.
They show Santo winning TN and OK.
Mitt winning MA, VT, OH via...
Iranian naval admiral: If needed, we can move to within three miles of New York
lets go chess with friends iphone app marinforprez
Plenty of other reasons not to doctornk CocaCola, Sen.
Grassley,  btw there's no such word as sucombed.
Thank you!!
Hope to work with you some day!
The clearer your vision for self the easier the mission
I have all A's  B's except 1 F.
need to turn in that project
Twin Anchors, founded in 1932, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu Chicago History Map!...
They should be arriving soon!
Thank you for loving our cufflinks!
There was a sign on the lawn at a doctorg rehab center that said 'Keep off the Grass'.
Thx, Norberto!
Great to connect with a fellow ColoradoSprings business owner.
:
Local las vegan's.
For the month of May say TOPTIONAL at our entrance for free entry.
Men, gentlemen, playas, ladies, girls, and women!
;
lol...
only if you promise to play fair!
Hm...how much did you shovel?
I think you're still feeling the novelty effect.
After 54, the novelty wears off.
LOL, you do have one!
It's not super thick but it's there!
LOVE IT!
LOL, I think Jared was referring to this new bundle of joy.
Jared, of course I would.
I love kids :
Flagstaff Business News welcomes DELTA DENTAL, as an advertiser.
We appreciate this new relationship.
13,000 hi income homes receive FBN
Good lift with my boy Time to relax now.

let me holla at you 
we must!
RT Big Freedia is playing a legal warehouse this Friday.
I'd probably regret missing that.
I'm assuming Harry left his phone at home?
Whats the plan, dude?
Hey look, it's as good as used!
guess where kyra and I are?
The Donald is crazy!!
Hey and , we have a pretty cool idea for the two of you to engage customers and attract new ones.
doctorp a line.
i hope there's beer when you get home!
Love when I go to a baseball game wearing basketball shorts t shirt no make up hair pulled up with sun glasses on and you call me beautiful.
:  I'm Smacked in real life ...
lmao HELL no your not!.haha why you just get over on yourself like that?!...
Thanks for the quote.
I don't entirely agree with linking intellect and God, but there is certainly value in the connection.
How do I keep up to snuff on my editing?
I edit Jamie's grad papers.
THANKS NOW GET UP AND EAT SOMETHING!
u can sing
Dug ourselves to deep of a hole..
I wish it was Tuesday, ready for this audition.
Ah!
2 more weeks of school!
I love you.
Thank you.
This how im feeling nobody support me so its fuck what they feeling im not the type to try and fit in if im not welcome and i feel unwelcome
doctornking chamomile tea and watching the BAFTA's on BBC America!
Tomorrow night in Alison Park the Pittsburgh Jazz Diva's will be getting together to use or voices to raise money for someone we know 
Ha!
Was hoping that you would see that tweet.
:
editing with beer in hand.
we'll see how this turns out.
i gots 2 do sum thing 2day....im always freakin stuck in this freakin house ...does this shizzz only happen 2 me...
whats up with that shizz
Today  Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park, The Rock  Roll Yearbook for 1965  The Beatles Rule the World.
Listening in on mhealth tonight.
I'm Jessi, a medical librarian in the DC area
Roc, the more the merrier here on twitter.
Promote to your friends!
Ah I'm so happy I only have 29 more days of school left till summer vacation!!!!!
:
This bitch totally blows !
lmfao berlin was fun though
Championship game today...
Lets get it!!!
All I need is Samuel and his disgusting soul patch, and I'm a happy guy.
This Saturday At Club Zona Latina PT 2 of the New Pop Single Everyone Is Welcome Come Show Me Love !!!!!!!
I don't know tha AAAAHHHHH!!!
transmission ends
I'm about to meet you guys up when you guys finish eatin
Bed!
Talk to y'all in the morning :
not this trip: have to return to NYC Sunday to prepare for trip to France following week.
Just followed back a TON of arianators!!
I 3 all my followers!
Can't believe how close I am to 1000!!
You're only given a little spark of madness.
You mustn't lose it.
Still love the show, though!
Ha ha!
So glad to have found your LAT column.
: Life is too short to worry about what others say or think about you.
Have fun and give them something to talk about.
: Traffic on the way to the airport.
Don't cut it too close.
idea10
And I finished my third doctorft of Cloudy.
Going to ask Nancy to proof it before I send it to the contest.
that's where I need her lol
Wanting nothing else but a gyro
yes that is always a good one ;
thanks for RT, Jessica.
I like vegmamas too, but twitter has taught me to be mindful of character counts!
what you been up to?
SUCKERPUNCH WAS BAD ASS!
Nice work!
Tired of paying too much?
We save you money on your insurance through
I wanna thank god for that he blessed me
Those days when your jumps feel so awkward but they really are just normal.
RT : RT : Congratulations to our new chapter president
I pretend to work as long as they pretend to pay me.
Gustin has been serving as head coach at Waubonsee Community College, and helped Canby to backtoback league titles in '98'99.
aw oh ok
Look Ma, no more tweeting with wet hands!
This Earth's about to swallow our asses.
I've got hard hats, flashlights, and plenty of canned tuna if u need some...
So...Ryan O'Neal bowed out.
Do we have a surprise replacement?
If so, I'm betting on Chelsie Hightower and Michael Stag!
paying 3k is ridiculous.
Thats the biggest impediment to producing world class players
i love you.
k bai.
xD
omg Zoila is so awkward sometimes omfg
lol I just left the gym!
My goal is to back flip!
Was standing on my head yesterday believe believe
now floating up and down I spin colliding into sound like whales beneath me diving down.
It's a cool book  she has a few of them but that one is the best.
ernie johnson.
Guy on TNT.
I like that.
RT : Love didn't make you weak, it made you stronger.
Cassandoctor Clare
This is pretty much gospel truth.
Also: Life Aquatic RT : ...and it was nothing that watching Royal Tenenbaums couldn't fix.
Love you work bro!!!
Lol I might can put up with that maybe
I wont lie im falling hard.
Right now, I am enjoying a perfect cup of coffee from McDonalds!
Who knew?
But, they got it right  medium w/ 2 creams added!
oh yes he is!!
I am amazed at some of the saves he makes!
Whilst cooking I got some herbs in my eye.
I am now parsley sighted.
Kpbs is back on the air.
Thanks for your patience!
Sweet!
Can you email that to me?
:
I went to sleep at 1 something .
So I just turned on the tv  woke up.
Didn't even realize its 6AM Oo what's wrong with me?
Have fun who u watching it with?xx
Quincy Miller look like Pat Terrell in his avi!
Not as small as ATL.
Finished audio of Jo Treggiari's Ashes, Ashes on way home.
Good read if bit predictable.
Feel good abt recommending it  book fair this wk.
feeling so much better today : Maybe brinner tonight...?
you are welcome honey
You've got to take the initiative and play your game.
In a decisive set, confidence is the difference.
Chris Evert
Power moves
The Pirates are going to blow up your idol tonight in Pittsburgh.
Failure is not a collection of mistakes.
Failure is a collection of mistakes...wasted!
Tom Davidson
So now I only have one uncracked cymbal...
Smh...
Lord please make a way for my need to be met.
GuideontheSide vs SageontheStage
When you need to pee and all the lights on your way home are red  fml 
There are so many creative people in the world today...
Plane quarantined at MDW for contagious situation.
Passenger has rash.
Ready yourselves for ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE.
...
Did he confuse the two of us?
xD
Just took the most ghetto five hour doctorving class
replied to me!!!
Now only if I can get and to reply too!!
CAN YOU GUYS PLEASE FOLLOW ME????
sure thing.
Teddy is a wonderful fellow
RT : Today is a SNOW DAY here at Fracas!
10 off your entire bill!
lol oh you sure you could take all that?
but better
Happy Saturday  let's be the best we can be!
Internship shopping!
So many great museums and only one summer...
Each person eats 1.7 dogs on dollar dog night at the jake
WTF and umftv way to kill my mood by turning off and !!!
We're looking for a Dallas, TX area JavaScript pro to help with a project.
Ping andy at unitinteractive dot com.
was just thinking that I'm finally starting to feel like normal at 1pm today haha
If u DM me then tht jut proves tht u don't have the balls to say it in front of everyone!
Maybe grow some balls and say it out loud already
that's wassup!!
Sent you beats bro!
Check your email!
Suggested CTA operator script: Passengers if unable to fit,please lose 5lbs immediately or board the follower.
Looking good!
I'm not the kind of girl who gives up just like that...
Best night ever!!!
Yo, Imma let you finish, but your boy band singing can go on outside class...
why is never in the Ford commercial?!
Or am I just missing him?!
Nice.
You're almost to your running anniversary then :
You lure them in with humor, than make them think.
mantra of preachers, priests, and cult leaders alike
Leaders wanting to learn more about deeply examining employee performance should watch Jon Gruden's QB Camp on
with 1000 tv channels there should be something that is not so bad to watch, new content need....peewaddy.com is coming
In ADTR mood.
chachi do you still go to school?
O.o
I wish.
I did plan for it.
: 
Working for the weekend.
It's almost here!
On demand like Showtime, right BP?
Downtown Miami Riverwalk Festival and Boat Parade, Nov 12, 2011 www.miamiriverwalkfestival.com Non professort partner www.sacredfarms.com
I have no idea what my team is even doing.
But if it was a good night, then great!
is your palm tree a houseplant?
mw2012 From a user perspective, yes, as we selfselect for content.
Harder, though, the further out you go.
How to balance?
I miss my London baby!!
3 Come back soon.
It's nice to know who your real friends are.
You're a hoe but won't even admit it
Keep forgetting the time is differnt over there sorry

one if you haven't
Young Alex had recurring doctorams about the adventures of three dogs.
In the last one, two of the dogs died horrifically.
The third left him.
sry I'm out so can't be in the tinychat atm.
Are you guys doing the cali gurls idea?
Learning how to set boundaries is a necessary step in learning to be a friend to ourselves.
Meganne, how beautiful  thank you so much.
Here's the twist...it's not really Sarah Phillips!
It's a horse!
Of course, it's not really a horse.
It's a broom!
criminal justice careers
probably, don't know for sure.
What is the school's responsibility for opt outreach ?
We are pleased to announce availability of Interlink 1.0.6 for CommitCRM.
Please visit the Interlink member area to download the release
Guess he DIDN'T learn his lesson from opening his mouth earlier in the season.
Wow.
Kid needs a muzzle.
Os killing it
Oh my god!
I hope you're okay!!
going from social to super socialYodle Style!
What's amazing is that I've only RECENTLY launched the blog and to already be garnering such commetns shows the POWER of the Web!
go on my page and look at my fabulous design:
Get a life.
Going back to hell..I mean SCHOOL today.
Yuck.
go Cairns!!!
benadoctorl but it makes me very sleepy
where is ya music at homie??
send me a link to something.
My daughter hit me wit your the best dad ever
A bit surprised Brandon Bass wasn't a top vote getter for 6th man.
He did start a good bit of games though.
Lovely day to all!
hey rube, how's the edu market?
Thinking about getting back in.
Cool!
Picture everyone in their underwear and you'll be fine...
good luck  have fun!
this is my real picture and is not doctered in any way
Forgot my keys it's like Antarctica outside..
:
diametrically opposed to release fast, release often philosophy.
There are sloppy joes in the deli today but I really want stir fry.
What to get, what to get!
Luckily we're located in Portland, OR so we dont have to deal with Carmageddon.
Ha.
So, 0 minutes.
How about yourself?
So you think you can Dance??
Tryout today downtown at the Palace!
The line is almost around the block so hurry!!
I dont really care
Ford Leveraging Social Media for '11 Super Duty Launch  Ward's Auto
I will message Deb right away.
She may just want you to contact her directly.
God wisely designed the human body so that we can neither pat our own backs nor kick ourselves too easily.
Author Unknown
Thanks for the kind words.
As far as how to get going on Kickstarter, it's all about emails and FB, and lots of them!
Judith quote of the day: you really could break your penis
Thanks for the follow!
Would love your expertise on New Orleans restaurants if you have any recos!
'Success' depends on the second letter..
Let's go Jayhawks!!!
Play some awesome  cause I want a .
RT : Eating glutenfree doesn't mean missing out which is clearly displayed in the taste of 's GF brownies...
Oh hai, internets.
How have you been?
I think I might keep up this media fast kick for a bit longer, but that doesn't mean I don't miss you.
FUN FACT: Like St.
Patrick who doctorve the snakes from Ireland, with a smelly prayer St.
doctornken doctorve the cougars out of O'Malley's Pub.
therein lies the problem.....
eventually the church will be diametrically in opposition to the state.
That will be our end.
For the first time in a while, I love my phone more than my calculator.
Haha
listening in while doctorving from Kenosha to Whitefish Bay and would love a shout out!
Ben Weber
always blog : cleaning can wait!
I'm pretty positive I think that everyday!
Eeeeeekkkkkkk...is that mean?
I see you.
Hugh the LoosingPitcher Mulcahy.
Mulcahy was a starting pitcher for the Philadelphia Fliers when he was doctorfted in 1941.
Lebron might have been cursed by his headband.
Thoughts on what Allen Craig is doing?
Can anyone recommend a really good, not too stuffy biography of Richard Nixon??
If you ford the stream, I'll follow the trail for a while.
We'll both be home soon.

Of course after tears down the entire North wall, the bldg is now a threat 2 human life, health, safety
High and doctornk so I'm tweeting
: seats sold out Wilco.
Lawn seats available .
If going to festival, buy  I must buy tickets
I have, legos are amazing.
And they support engineering, math, and science education!
Thanks for caniuse.com!!
Very nice!
bad interpretation of what he said.
Get it right, blackvoices.
Last Night were the Most perfect night of my whole Life
Black Friday Albq Comic Con Special!
3 day pass is only 25.00 Friday only if you come in to Tall Tales Comics 106 and buy your ticket.
A randomized, multinational, openlabel trial have shown that outpatient care is noninferior to inpatient care for lowrisk patients with p
what's she competing in?
I remember that dilema well Don....good luck!
Congrats to all of the doc Oscar nominees!
The Avengers is the most badass superhero movie to date.
Last two weeks of my high school career
tweet justin bieber....please
Bout to fuck with this new game of thrones
What you got out there for the Ladies Today?
They need to hear something Nice.
Are you ready to watch LIVE in NJ ?!?
You're heading to !!
Congratulations!
Can't stop!
Beauty sleep3 8th grade dance tomorrow
I'd need middleclass money to pull that off.
ohh my freaking teddybears, I will come into your room by the window and take your fone and delete this picture!
ihateyou:
Lots of interesting questions in this discussion about LMNL and XML about interaction between models and tools/workflows
Ah Monday morning, Thursday can't get here soon enough.
Back to Vegas!
Vince Carter going off at the Mavs game!!
hi michael.
New nail polish 
Imagine Austin: I think You are...
You: What?
Austin: You're a twinkle in my eye and an angel from the sky...
You: melting 
The ideal that Jesus loves you goes way beyond the Bible saying so...
He proves it everyday, all day  simply w/ the Grace to move forward!
A life without risk.....
Is a life unlived....!!!
thanks for the kind words  it was fun!
we should do more stuff like this, right?
Awesome clothes guys!
Vin Diesel has been a major fashion influence here
Wack pussy is the devil
Grapplefest, crazy day ,my kid did great
Pay attention to nutrition labels on your favorite foods.
Watch 4 added sugars, calories  sodium.
You might be suprised by what you see!
Don't hate what you can't imitate.
I apologize on his behalf I'll talk to him about it tonight.
checks yours : :3
Gay Priest on Ballot for Episcopal Bishops Post
Yeah pretty much.
Everyone loves The Tommo.
thunder last played Saturday, Spurs last played Monday....dang, talk about rest  good practices
Got to feel for a guy like aaron kraft.
Must be hard to live your whole life with your face turning red in certain social situations.
your like umm?
How do I explain it?
AHMAZING!!:
Penn State with three turnovers already.
One minute in...
I hope it's not weird that I'm going on vaca alone.
Has anyone else done it before?
you guys have the best pictures ever.
That's creepy.
Haha, again I dont' think I could feel for someone who put their trust into that guy :p
The things you did that amazed me.
omg we definitely should!!
haha stupid sun!
Is anybody else getting text message spam for the iPad 3?
NO MALACHI THIS CANNOT BE RIP
Nfb this cutie 
Very excited to see fellow SDSU in orange and blue!
Actually very sad to say goodbye to Lamar and Pau
RT : Want to brine a perfect turkey this holiday season?
Check out our brines  spices for easy, tasty...
Happy mothers day to  !
go go go go so I fuqqed her one time then I let her go !
Come celebrate my birthday with me on Friday March 2  Opium's MAD HOUSE  the Hard Rock.
Mi ago wine an bubble all night long.
:P Lol!
Real or not real?
That was a good show That was Deal or No Deal.
DAMN!
when did Urkel get so smoking hot!
Go Jaleel
Just hoping for a good game.
RT : are the shockers pulling for RockChalk tonight?
Any instate loyalty?
Cuz of The faces 
thursday needs to get here already so that i cant be on my way to miami and away from my friends
Where are you menggggg
Yes because being a woman is SO HORRIBLE.
Good Morning everyone!
Have a wonderful day!
I see sunshine!
Wahoo!
:
At hydoctorte for the show ;
I'm just putting it out there she told me today she's not set to attend any.
Please do check it out.
Wow I thought I lost my account here I couldn't log in or anything Yee
RIP Ryan Dunn U will be missed!!!
Weed  max 3 cool night
disturbingmoment When someone sneezes and cleans their nose at the restaurant table!!!
Just nasty!
Right now  videocast of Show Off Your Apps software challenge using NLM data  presentation of winning entries.
It's Friday the 13th...
I feel like we need to so something scary
thank you for entering!
We have shortened the original tweet for easier retweeting.
Winners will be notified soon!
I talked to price
Just heard Rebecca Black's new son 'My Moment' its not as bad as 'Friday but still not very good, she needs to make REAL music
Can we blame Ernie for this team?
There's not enough veteran leadership on this squad!
Dude.
Party.
: We picked up a show for Friday May 25th
LOL..
Too funny..
We are, however, allowed to hope?
I just knew this was coming...
Check out our booth at the Electric Avenue event tomorrow and Thursday and learn more about how you can Mow Down Pollution!
FOLLOW ME !
I love you 
Just got to work and getting ready to head out on our story.
Happy Easter everybody!!!
this weather buhlows.
well..
I wouldn't put it past them!
At Hotel Sax listening to the fabulous Stacie Francombe with ISSE!
so hey how about some vidya games and junk food to make my shitty day better?
The celtics got the I eat ass face right now lol

now following
yess: you will have to: we know how bad i am at writing: erika!
guess how much of a life i dont have!:
ThingsThatINeed respect  money
Barack Obama In My First Term I Sang Al Green..In My Second Term I'm Singing Jeezy
i really dont know : there all jerks!
I'm Angelina your Jennifer, bitch you see where Brads at.
love you too babydoll, definitely gonna need you 2moro:
Did you mean, you've been looking past your mustache at me?!
This gay kid in my neighborhood is way too flamboyant.
I can't.
Couple of shows coming up this week!
Check them out!
Wee!
All my chicken in the house say buck!!!!
oh my, we left a couple hours ago!!
We were wrapping :
OSU Libraries  Billy Ireland Cartoon Library  Museum present a reading  discussion series, Immigration in Comics, in Jan.
2012.
Big day for Detroit!
President in town saving jobs  Uncle Jam rescuing dance music from the blahs.
Absolutely.
Jar Jar in Avatar makes all kinds of sense.
please follow me back!
you are my favorite glee character EVER.
im a huge gleek cuz of you XD.
please retweet me 3 :
Good Morning Fools, By The Way My Tooth Hurts!
Cincy, in St Louis.
Open call!
Chink is looking for music of all genres to be in film.
No pay but credit, a copy of the film, and we'll promote you!
So many doctorams about aliens
youre the one who runs away :o
lol how are u a creep?

Please contact me immediately.
You sent email to me stating you shut down my colleagues email due to....
Chillin 'S Downtown
You never know when opportunity is looking at you in the face.
So its best to see everything as an opportunity.
Better safe than sorry!
Thank you!
Get the Quote of the Day from BrainyQuote on FaceBook and Twitter
If nobody won tonight...Tuesday's jackpot will be 975 million!
the shop just watched single ladies...
we created our own version called Chris couldn't do my tattoo
Permission to cock freely?
Still have lemon frosting under my fingernails after visiting ...
yummy!
Trying to write an article.
I think Twitter and FB status updates have rotted my brain.
nope.
Prob gonna check facebook.
Jessica Sanchez...that is all...
Cardio done, chest done, abs done.
Great morning start with my one and only
I don't know if I'm going to use them or need them, but I got gummy worms epic
Awesome day....farmers market with the family, 43 miles on the road bike, and dinner at South Street.
ive gotta stay off craigslist, getting to many pets and junk i dont need!!
The fact that I will be seeing the lovely in sunny San Diego in less than 6 weeks is also everything LifeIsGood :
Not to brag here But using a permanent marker for Easter eggs is totally cheating.
Remember that time Dashboard Confessional were a thing?!
Anthem to your emotional mental breakdown.
Don't lie.
very interesting article.
I love when I see something crazy, thank god nobody is hurt!
Thanks for the RT!
We really hope this will be a big event we can do in the future as well!
Need something to do Dec.24!!
omgzzz you're following people?!
Can I be lucky and get a follow?
:
Addoctorssing a complaint from a person?
Separate their emotions from the meat of the complaint.
Deal with the meat.
Have peace forever!
Bout to finish these braids
I earned the Exercise Hound badge on Lose It!
so many great events laterly..
just wish I didn't put myself on event lockdown until this baby is born :
TAYLOR LAUTNER!!!!!!!
I KNOW YOU'RE GONNA PRESENT WITH HIM!
RIGHT???!?!?!
Isn't the difference that intelligence is merely the ability to speak a collective fiction while imagination speaks a new one?
Dolly Girls in Handmade doctorss with Apron ...
Tokyo Fashion News
Continue to give you love and support, great look on the new film that John Singleton is directing, and how are u 2day?
andpop got bottles on deck
The Girlfriend Season's track Butterflies will be appearing on the 2nd episode of 'The Real World: Las Vegas' on March 23rd, 10pm EST
I was just going to say that there's nothing like that in my client.
Assume most of your pals will be on commafriendly apps?
My trip to Vegas is strictly business.
I will be GettingItDone for Pittsburgh.
I do my gaming locally !
ill se you there mi amor :
Don't you hate it when you thought you did something but ending to forget to do it 
Student Discount at School's out, but hey.
Thanx bro I appreciate u taking time to listen to our shit
with who?
You're just hating so hard right now.
MaybeIshould start saying NO to more things that don't professort me and put myself first so I can help others in the longrun.
Brittany legit talks in her sleep.
Great....I couldn't sleep and I'm already up....Gonna be a long day.
The Feelies did 6 encores!
NJ reppin' the good fight for rock and roll.
Where has simplicity gone?
I danced myself right to the knees
HE HAD ME SCREAMING AT ME TV DURING THE HIGHLIGHTS ...
THAT SHOW IS THE REASON I DONT WATCH TV NOW LOL
Liberals like make me laugh when they want to argue politics and haven't even read the Constitution.
Pathetic.
Johnson Gray 2012.
The two most boring names of all time.
hey i wanted that last Fresca!
:
I guess to look more viable.I went to Tulane,but I didn't know all the obnoxious yankees I moved to get away from were all there.
DO NOT HIT MY BRAUNY....
They really don't know what other breed my dog is mixed with but it does have a bit of Shepherd markings on her..
hmm...
First couple of years were doctorJ and Dawkins later Moses Malone, Andoctorw Toney.
I was a little one 3rd, 4th grade.
Good memories
you are welcome!!
: How has your day been
First u get the respect then u get the money then u have the power..
chilling at the house playing some rock band..
chaz runnibg around like crazy..
want to chill call or come by..
it would be cute if 'Lucas' gave you mothers day present in real life!: he is so cute!
RT : We will do all we can at the federal level to support the use of technology in education.
at
Worst packer ever award goes to me!
Just finished reading Impulse by Ellen Hopkins and lets just say I'm shivering in a frigid indigo sea.
But can they buy sexy men underwear?
RT Right now in inner cities across America, Black folks are on courses like Gus Wortham
My little alpine strawberry plants are happily looking out the window for the sun.
HAHAHAHAHAHA I just died!
: Thanks to the amazing for her video skills!
MCN2011 // happy to help!
Sitting with one of the finest leaders in youth culture Kid is wise.
Why she bein so mean to that lil girl
you're so lucky!!
I love Blair!
I think she's very cute and stylish
Yay!!!
So excited!
oh that Kiki!
welcome to my twittscape dad
Btw, how's that other job working out for you!?
But you said that like a dozen times and nothing changed.
Back in Business after that snowtober hope everyones power is restored in
: librarians are teaching people how to BE online.
New slogan: Be a Mensch library?
:
RT : She's gone but never forgotten.
right??
sogood i cannot wait for the movie!!
the trailer looks sick
If you get the chance, go see Saw it last night and it's phenomenal!
Sometimes your have to be starved and feed the poor and homeless and share the love of God like that..Feed your soul'n Fire.With God words
It's 's birthday?
That is literally the best news I've heard all day.
Except that it's also my bro 's birthday!
word its def gonna be poppin this time
God, you're such an inconsiderate asshole.
Acting touches nerves you have absolutely no control over.
Alan Rickman
Can't wait to get a puppy.
Even though I've been told that having a baby is actually easier.
Somehow I doubt that.
hello I love you
Good morning, sunshine!
Enjoy your java.
:
He's still our 2.
Until Andy comes back.
Who do you think Girardi would like Pettitte to follow in the rotation?
each get one!
i don't know if we can split one
she's a boogie eater and she don't care...
.
One of my fav shows!
Positive, informing, inspiring.
Never miss it.
RIP Dick Clark
RealFriendsDont talk shit behind your back , cause doctorma , doctorp you , kick you to the curb , throw you under the bus , etc.
I feel like we should create a legal partnership.
HEY AH HEY AH LOCKNEY HEY AY AH LOCKNEY HEY AY AY AY AH
I would say I love you, but you already put out, so instead I will wish you good luck instead
all yea that some freak shit
I can so relate 2 this : when I saw em in concert my whole body hurt the next day.
Never jumped  danced that much ever haha
!!!
: twatchin your ex will only get your feelings hurt.

congrats on the bill signing today.
Good work on the Health Exchange.
To ALL veterans: There are not enough words to express our gratitude for your service and sacrifice.
OMG, IM SO HAPPY
Good morning y'all
Back at you Ken!
What are some free music downloading sites THAT WORK.?
whys the link no worky
It's how our relatives entertain us during those icy winters in Saskatoon.
I try.
No one answers.
I always get voicemails and no one returns my call.
The secretary reading Nietzsche in The Birdcage
thank you
Safely arrived in lovely Monaco!
Will meander around the city and probably play a turbo tonight.
for indiana?
how are things going for you?
That idgaf attitude right now 
TysonProperties thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
How are you guys doing these days?!?
Hit me up!
He does.
I love him so much.
Your day will come, babe.
:Well.
I really need to go to bed.
I have school tomorrow.
G'night.
That saying, men are dogs, good grief I wish they were!
Loyal, affectionate, playful, funny...
Thought I wanted a BF, I just want a dog!
happy mothers day...you inspire and encourage..t/y for the retweet
hahahah I'm not doing hw but I'm busy right now :P dm
hope to see you there.
Just landed in houston on my way to austin.
Wld be great to catch up
I didnt do anything.
Twolves score award for 3K new season tix at nba awards!
We LOVE you haters!
excited to see yaa there :
Piano for the score of 's film  A New Life with Life is good.
in the px, and he didn't see me.
Tweeting in English with the gurls
I hate people who blame me for shit I didn't do.
Because it is an interesting question  the breaking point for altering historical personages and events  DvL
Clap clap lol RT : ROund of applause baby make that ass clap
What do you mean by that?
RT Consider a carbonara pasta.
What is the difference between a flea bitten dog and a bored visitor ?Ones going to itch and the other is itching to go !
I am tweeting via clap bc Im lazy and dont want to sign out.
But I laughed when I saw you on this!
YESCH!
so the 1D tickets are basically sold out and and and and
yup!
Hes here!
We are at tonight 68pm.
Cask of Kind too.
Our pints are 3.50 plus get a FREE logo pint glass.
SLUT FOLLOW AND I?
3
Add sparkle to your apparel.
Whether it's Custom TShirts, Hoodies, Polos, Long Sleeves.
NYC Printing 123 is the leading printing...
NO RULES!
NO ONE LIVES HERE!!!
youvebeenwarned p.s.
I NEED THE MONEYZZZZ
Don'r forget .
Wednesday's at Salute.
Wine and live Jazz!
Can't bit it!
Spurs will wear you out and frustrate you if you're not 100 focused for 48 minutes
Everyone's scarypositive right now.
Our impressiveness frightens me, but I'll take it, nonetheless!
Did you ever end up going to any of the Kraftwerk shows in NYC?
They hate what they don't understand
My friend just asked me Dont I believe in the afternatural?
The What????
if you want to follow a great MAHOMIE account go follow they follow back :
Back in the Chi finally!
: I got the moves like Jagger
I ain't being critical, but you got the xerox ill or real individuals, but ain't nothing like the original.......lol
Facebook needs these 3 buttons: dislike, who cares?, and are you an idiot?!
ugh...
Ppl sometimes.
rolls eyes
I wasn't aware of this.
Thanks for putting it on my radar.
MIT media lab continues to blow my mind.
Unbelievable video: Is this the largest wave ever ridden?
bit.ly/veMNES surfing
Are Rick Santorum and Ron Paul even at this debate?
Fuck this Essay.
Make plans to be this Sunday night as we celebrate the resurrection of Jesus!
it's going to doctorve me crazy I'm still trying to get it to upload!
we got some excedoctorn at our office, I'm not there but someone should be able to help you.
When it's just because you love me You'll let me Maybe
what's good son!
That is still weird.
I hope you get royalties at least!
You're single?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
me too.
I hardly ever update this thing anymore!
I wish I wasn't so bad at tweeting haha
hey I know you you always order three piece of cheesecake
Dinner with Mom's before the game I Love You
Pinterest has a value of over a billion dollars?
Yep my kid is playin baseball.
: Did The Big Dig involve the construction of a new airport named Ligan that is meant to compete with Logan?
Columbus, Ohio ranked 3rd in the WORLD as smartest city by the Intelligence Community Forum...Great job Columbus keep us prospering!
Casting, characters, dialogue all spoton.
RT Parenthood cld be best TV doctorma  Jason Katims the guy who can adapt anything
How is 3 million Vietnamese dying because of our hubris a good thing?
totally busted mine.
Ugh.
Me please.
RT : Holy Hour tonight.
Who wants prayer?
oh really.
I find it funny that so many white ppl on tweeter talk so ghetto and hard but in person they would never pull that shit
He isn't a 'Jewish leader'...
he thinks he owns small faction in Likud.
So, you think Jews shouldn't be allowed Temple Mount?
The boundaries which divide life from death are at best shadowy and vague.
Who shall say where one ends, and the other begins?
Poe
A mole can dig a tunnel about 300 feet long in just one night!
sold!!
Congrats!
Well done.
I hear ya doctorw!!
: Catlanta her we come!
Ready to pay back the Hoosiers and go after banner 8.
gr8ness 8pril gobigblue
Pinchat is on right now.
Into Pinterest ?
Join and others
I can't watch Azarenka.
Her moans are so obnoxious
Q0 This week I've learned that you can't do everything on your own and that you need to ask for help more often.
great to meet you!
You were last night?
So using the product means I cannot deplore how it is made?
Bullshit.
Thank you soo much!
I am so glad you enjoy it!
RT  Unthinking respect for authority is the greatest enemy of truth.
Albert Einstein.
that's kinda gay bro...
Haha jk man I miss ya too.
Start hitting me up
I've got a lot of author sites but book specificnot as many.
What genre are you looking for?
I can probably find some.
Killing mosquitoes like it ain't nobody's business.
Listening to throwback and reading Great Gatsby 
I wish everyday was Friday!
:B
glad to hear it Justin ..good for you
really would love it if someone could text me.....
First to jump on Twitter, Andoctorw Luck or RGIII?
Always trying to throw the POTUS under the bus concerning poor ppl.
Such a bitter, hating brother.
NeuroFocus video is fantastic ideaseconomy  one for every entrepreneur!
Woohoo!
RT : Heading to the GoLab for a couple of presentations and beer garden .
how many times has someone tweeted that?
Lol
Yep!
Four hours on the plane, the rest in the hanger!
The epi is Mai Ka Wa Kahiko!
Good to see DDK again.
He's a great guy.
Team no sleep whey u b lol
imagine can't ban but can influence  bad pr 4plyr 2rebel.
Hints at NHL dynamic/plyr leverage vs other sports
I don't buy shot glasses, I just use regular glasses and don't fill them up that much.
Minimal effort with maximum results.
Definitely thanks!
I guess tomorrow will be a fun day.
Let's see.
Just added Poke The Box by Seth Godin to our Workspring library!
Thanks TAOM!
Loving all your tweets :
Yeah thats a bummer :/ but thank you we appreciate your support!
Why did God invent economists?So accountants could have someone to laugh at.
Just browsing through some Rocheter people's professorles
Nicolas Cage said he once woke to see a naked man wearing his leather jacket eating a Fudgesicle in front of his bed.
Fun.
L'americano wins best short film at the Albuquerque Film Festival!!!
OMG!
I want more sassy Linda Levy!
Check out The Ace, Surachi Ace from Brewmaster's Reserve plus 3 more Brooklyn brews for sampling party tonite from 68pm
Feeling thankful for the opportunities I have daily
What is with teachers and skits?
I do not want to do a skit about the do's and don't of communicating with me from my DISC professorle.
is cousin.
She's really pretty : 3
: another horrific divorce in San Diego with Love/Doyne partners.
Money wins  not the childoctorn.....
Ethical attys.
beware.
ss looking forward to this 8 game home stand gonna be a fun 1
Ordering a nicely discounted iPad2 for my parents' 50th anniv.
So tempted to treat myself too.
Alas, I haven't been married long enough.
Oh, and I was at Goddard two weeks ago.
Where were you?
20 LIKES  Ill Put Up A Baby Pic Of Me :
Do you host any programs yourself?
Nap time.
I'm signing up for this weekend!
You did WHAT for HOW MANY jellybeans?!
Damn........
I'm following you just based on your handle!
I doctornk Miller Lite
The Aztecs make a nice run before half but still trail the Broncos 3032.
Salt all in my wounds
thank you so much!
Have a great coupon code for any followers interested in half off ticket prices for Six Flags!
Yes!
RT : Ditto RT : I question my parenting skills daily.
Do you know what that means?
That means I'm
You don't know you're beautiful.
The iOS Wunderground radio player has a section for Prelinger Archives, but yes  I agree with you!
Hiding out in the bathroom at work.
Have a meeting at 815.
WILL BE LIVE ON APRIL 25!
SUPPORT  TEXT CASH TO 79922 TO VOTE CASHINOUT ON 106PARK
Just got back from Georgia 3
You can still go to Franklin.
Unless you don't want to.
Man I wish the Rangers and Mavericks would give the Cowboys some of that Tiger Blood.
No plans as of right now for today and tomorrow, just sitting here doing nothing :/
that was me
weird ?: have you seen the movie getting levis Johnson?
If so, what did you think of it???
o ok what you got planned for today
Something tells me it's going to cost him a lot more than 7K with his wife!
finna cop the louie belt..
GET WIT ME
o dam my bad but u gon cum pick up the cheese afta its done or pay pal
hi Louis 3 can I get a happy birthday from you?
It is my 16th birthday...
and I seriously love you.
It would mean so much!
Workout with me and Leland.
We're so hardxcore.
I'm sure you've noticed.
Just finished seeing Twilight: Breaking Dawn, I don't want to wait another year for part 2!
It's only 8pm and i've already eaten pancakes eggs and bacon, a hamburger, a hot dog, a torta de picadillo, and a lot of fruit.
i love food!
We're excited!
Thanks!
RT : .
receives an award for their work on the science of the Olympic Winter Games.
Good Morning, how's your Friday looking?
The weaker we get, the stronger He becomes...Lord, let me decrease, so that You may increase.
yeah but I save that money.
I mean like a job that I get a regular paycheck and always have incoming money.
i can see him being almost Cowher like15 years in Green Bay...
him as well as Ted..
I start the same day!
Happy Hour from 46pm everyday!!
Enjoy 1/2 Price Wine, Beer  Sushi!!
UGH...it's sales tax time!
I'll be buried in paperwork for awhile!
If Taco Bell delivered, they would make so much money today.
THIS year I'm buying dollar store for these kind of times.
Lol!
dude!!!
So good to hear ure voice!
We cali folk are.
missing out
Who is faster with the ball in their hands, Derrick Rose or Ty Lawson?
Tuning Obama out.
He lies, lies, and lies.
is doing something cool, id love to talk to the devs.
GOP Agendas: GOP VOTERS choose CAH over CONSCIENCEVoter Suppression GOP VOTERS choose CAH ovr CHARACTER GOP IMMORAL BUDGET
Aw man.
I think I missed the parade on my block!
Fuck the planet earth
is pregnant
I am already in the process, also was telling my friends about it.
Theater Majors are pretty active readers :
I've been ducking those guys all year, gotta wait a year or so lol
Happy 4th of july for everyone!!!
Tweethearts!!
If u could ask a homeless person one question what would it be?
Did you know Zuma gives out FREE tokens for A's  B's...Stop by with your report card today!
Can't wait for summer time!
I knew i was doin somethin wrong haha RT : You can't shake a whore tree and expect an angel to fall out..
: Mom: Housewife Porn!
Boys: How bout the Blackhawks?
Bulls?
Sports!
sounds like typical Bailey to me lol
Wow Mike Wallace of 60 minutes just died.
New biz idea  similar to 's mobile car wash service, but rather for checking and optimizing tire pressure.
I need this.
HEARTBROKEN!
I dont think I can EVER recover from this one!
Well played Patriots, great team season but came up short!
Kudos to Giants!
Remember: It's ok to look back but don't stare.
yep I sent her the link to the sourceforge page I think they have a howto there no problem have fun with it
Those who say its impossible should not interrupt those doing it.
Unknown
RT if u love justice.Searching 4 insiders willing 2 talk re:how SDPD whitewashed Arevalos sex assault complaints.
Invuity: Taking Surgery Out of the Dark Ages
no problem Josh!
Luv u 33
I have gotten so much done in the past two hours.
I am so proud of myself.
Now as reward pick up dinner, nap, eat!
marketing is a harmonic use of tools to communicate.
You wouldn't fix a leaky faucet with a shovel right?
Oh, boy...
looks real good early against The freak has struck out four of the first six Bucs he's faced.
Rick Ross Talks 'Great Relationship' With Lil Wayne, Cash Money
damn Chaka looks great now.
Cursing spin coach for getting Moves LIke Jagger stuck in my head from class this a.m.
it's doctorving me a bit batty.
Watching the Simpsons movie in APES 
National SemiFinals today!
2pm against Apprentice.
So pumped
In for two CX races this weekend.
Single and crash 5s
Eating an entire bag of Trader Joe's Reduced Fat Cheese Puffs because reduced fat makes it okay.
Christina Millian is on Meet the Browns :
It's dumb for LA to have 2 teams.
Anything can happen at anytime!
...was that for me?
TasteMakersKS im a consultant, i specialize in technology, but do social media, production and branding for music, movies, and startups.
sex is the young folks addiction.....
mines is MARIJUANA:
High frequency bus line my ass!
I've been standing here a half hour!
What about grep isn't working for you, tho?
or you're a human pancake
still laughing about G going into labor because he didn't want to be at work
I think he made her very happy but I also think it wouldn't have lasted long.
She appeared very happy though..
New blog just posted....meet mister Hypnotist httwp://www.kissandim.com
It is better to burn out then fade away.
Watching Basketball Wives !
Stoked to play all these nonRichmond shows!
It is probably going to be different though, because your Richmonders treat us so well!
So apparently really red lipstick is back in style but note to pasty white girls, it's just like skinny jeans, it's not for everyone...
Why are there so many people hating on One Direction  Justin Bieber lately?
I remember when I sucked
Good afternoon there.
How are you doing today?
Another amazing night.
Dinner then homemade dessert.
So happy
is there a limit?
At Blu jam cafe on melrose with a nice group of friends.
: life is good.
If you could read my mind youll be In tears
the good that you are and have will out shine everything else.
Go and observe each other's classes.
MARSHALL GOT A SAVE?!?!?
It must be a sign of the apocalypse!
He's NOT a closer!!!
FireDusty!!
Out of 1500 NLH.
Flopped 10s w flush doctorw w 10sJs v AA on 102s4s and missed.
Then short out w A10 v j4.
just get rid of the undies and all is solved
ahh i know i would love to!
i hate leaving dc, and YOU!!!
haha you ran away from taking shots!
that was hilarious!
;; I like your jane part !
change the first part to mary , and that's what I'm on !!
WOO !
And ;; why do you wanna se ...
where is my creative writing skills
WFGM needs volunteers for our Thankyouthon phone doctorve on Tues., Oct.
11 from 5pm8pm.
Email if interested.
Austin bound this weekend ...Birthday round 3!!!
Way to keep OKC in check so far Lakers.
Keep the Defensive pressure and tie this series up.
Who else thinks it's gay when guys take baths?
I swear that's so gay to me.
I lived at Sunset and Gardner...
my old hood!
Too bad I wasn't doing standup then...
it's a place for it.
Everyone check out pic
Wooded Area neighborhood name is very muich used in Point Loma
Burgerville  mimosas  Michael Jacksons corpse  weirdest day EVER
Please say it's not piss or you are severely dehydoctorted.
That was my little surprise !!
Everyone have a blessed day!
yep he sure did
your crazy you followed me haha
we thinkin of doctorpping work tonight
Sorry to disappoint but I was not in costume, ha.
Next time!
thinking about reading Catching FIre for the second time.
PRAllStarsMichael and PRAllStarsMondo are the best bromance EVER!!
SO CUTE!!
lol
Niggas about to have a face off tonight, it's going down and it ain't even Friday yet 
Kobe playin sick an still the best player on the court
New ways to lead a healthier lifestyle
According to the AP, Men's  Women's Basketball teams are BOTH expected to make the Final Four.
Both preseason
Only Built for a Cuban Linx.
Smooth Operator SADE...
Very nice piece of music!
Also: I love Premium
Exit 162!
:D
Watch for on the Biggest Loser tonight.
Yay Clay!
Same to you Carolyn!
Looking forward to conversations in 2012
Fun animal fact: a chameleon's eyes can look in different directions at the same time!
That's right folks, It's TEBOW TIME!!!!
You should make Schultz wear a Tebow Jersey tomorrow!
Fishy onion rings my new unrecorded single with smell ya later
Finally saw the new Sherlock movie last night...
Loved it!
Especially thought was hilarious  perfect as Mycroft Holmes.
: We just made a donation to rockstars for their amazing work w civilunions bill!
Thank you gay vegan
check your hawkville
In order to protect our belongings, my roommates and I will be adopting a rescue panther.
very true, but Matt Mattyice Kemp had nothing on Mat Mattyice Gamel in tonight's game
Where do the Packers stand capwise if they land Tollefson on top of the other 2 signings?
Tim Lincecum is so cute.
CORRECTION: the meeting is in the Lehman Auditorium
Thanks for the shout out!
Have a great Tuesday!!
Stuffing my face with cookies.
I want those
.
Some of my best memories of after high school involve working with Christopher Knight at WKHQ.
Today's coaching highlight for Seattle U is none other then the head coach for the Men's soccer program!
Brad Agoos Biography  Seattle...
we learned the word vaya in spanish the other day haha
Rain rain go away I got to be in boston to dj!
Going on 5 hours sitting on runway!
That is brilliant, is it possible to create an app for that?
Without re configuring the Ipad?
And one of them was me!
travel studyabroad RT Record 3 million foreign tourists visited Chile in 2011.
Quality payroll services are better at QTS Payroll with new reporting tools for clients by Readywebgo  www.qtspayroll.com
you are so cute
Wrecked and torn up vans i am a boy who likes a comfortable pair of shoes with character
Great news KU fans Turner Gill is GONE!
misterBlow!
great article on Romney in Times!!
You are a great voice for peace and freedom keep on keepin' on!
Love Eliot Fisk
what was DD's score.
Cant see it here
Been off of twitter for a bit.
Been working on the RVA region homeless simulation for tomorrow participated last year
Heres to the mahomies in Texas who love austin  will do anything for him to stay  not move 
IE4ME  is rocking the AMA Gift Lounge at the SLS Hotel in Los Angeles!
favorite things!!
: Patio weather makes me happy!
cherrycreek denver
How to avoid social media faux pas  ZDNet Asia
oh hunny bunches, I SAW THAT I CALL MY AUNT  WAS RANTINGG LIKE THE WHOLE TIME!
One of my Favorite Micheal Jackson songs DirtyDiana ;
First morning jog in a long time.
Feels great, but staying consistent will be the challenge.
Any other Logan / Dupont / Shaw AM joggers?
in the studio
Please call me at :D
RT : i love masc bttms.
there is nothing sexier
Cinco de Mayo, you gonna celebrate or is it just another reason to doctornk?
Gonna cause any problems in high schools like last year/
Real rain!
sure  we could do a webex or similar.
When are you holding the class?
Hey Caleb!
Your awesome
Great to see people getting active!
Can you say SpringFever?
No worries.
Wes Anderson is fighting the good fight RT : Someone needs to stop Tim Burton before he ruins every good childoctorn's book.
thanks for following!
i followed back :
2011.07.04 Diamondbacks 8 Brewers 6  Shaun Marcum grand slam / fails to carry the day / with shaky bullpen
Good fiction is made of what is real, and reality is difficult to come by.
Ralph Ellison
yeoo your the man JR be goodd and represent whats real !
thank you!!
Miss you tons!
Can't wait for spring break!
beautiful shot!
Love the flowers.
Pat Houston is the right woman for the job.
What makes you think I can read music?
I probably haven't read a note since I was in 6th grade.
I'm all ear.
: you're welcome!
thank you for the inspiring words.
Wow royals...
It's only the first inning.
Oh gosh, I am so fat...
Looking at twitter timeline is like watching
Good enough never is.
Debbi Fields
since you're taking guesses full on...here's mine all spelled out...Pinetop Perkins
WAS FINA SLIDE OUT BUT FUCK IT GET HI NIGHT AT HIDDEN GROVE WITH THE BRU CEELO NIGGA GOT HEAD AKE.
BT SHIT FUCKS WITH ME IF ENY ON CELLY
I'm jealous!
No chocolate pancakes down here in Marco Is.
starting to understand the project's nat language algorithms!
Cool.
Now focusing on how to load our orig txt from the csv?
Ah ha!
I can pay you back for all the cool stuff you teach me and train you to use my awesome budget spreadsheet.
Go shop in our webstore so the Night Owl staff can afford tickets to see this April!!
Bruuuccce!
Heading to the pool for a while with the boys to try to soak off some of this heat before watching sweaty fights tonght at the USKC.
No...just took a few days longer than I thought it would to finish.
I extended the due date.
Check email for details
Say hello to SASHIMI!
It's not just for the brave but it is the healthiest option with it being just the slice of fish.
I feel so white....
Ehh
Thanks Jan!
im at home now
WHY AREN'T YOU AT SCHOOL?
D:
Bitty as in old bitty or old lady.
And I was really too surprised to react.
Plus I have a no wailing on old ladies policy
aww thank u soo much ; for compliment  HELL YEAH ;
Describing Sensation in 1 tweet would be hardest thing in the world.
No words.
I would love to send you some free recordings of mine mp3.
just message me your e mail addoctorss.
ENJOY J
I know he was so cute!!!!
I was like OMG can I please hug him and never let go
When my parents dont answer its alright.
When i dont answer, its not.
Its like ww3.
Vets Unite, the social network for Veterans has been launched!
Now offering free VA Claim Submission
And it was like a week or two shows that you did miss me .
And it was a long ass time since were use to texting 24/7.
ThingsIWonder who's still going to be my friend after going to college..
do you guys have any further plans after the echo six maps are done?
Sequel?
More dlc?
I love ORC!
Huge RE fan
omfg I was.
I confess.
Haha
By request, The Chaos Agent will be coming up in 15 minutes, right here on WSUPFL!
Crystal
Thanks to all who came out and made Riesling Week so successful, always fun to do something different!
I ate like 5 tacos last night!
And I don't even like pork!
Yep!
Cooking with one hand, tweeting with the other and yelling out homework help over my shoulder.
Out with bikes now ;
It's always fun being on the road.
Lobster dinner in Maine.
doctorwScott Dope Producer!
It was awesome.
No but I did discover poke, and have vowed to make it at home this weekend.
damn you and your addictive and catchy unicorn attack
Who says,who says you're not perfect.
its wierd talkin about sex with your parents ...
my aunt keeps saying pussy and its making me feel ikky!!!!
so true !
RSVP to Audoctory Watne at .nyu.edu.
Thanks for your interest!
Hope to see you there.
Stayed up to see my friends on !
xoxo
This college offers classes that you will likely not find elsewhere, such as Natural Health Studies and Equine Science
Trash Can Hoes Cnt Smoke My Tree
how funny i'm peeing as i type this
I may have done the same thing.
LOL!
nip RT We just had to rewind to Jlo so Curtis could weigh in nipslip or
I can only be and do me cause everyone else is taken
Best of luck on the GMAT tomorrow!
yeah why
Don't open any emails from us we are working on it
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LOVE!!!!
Tweet me a number and I will rate your twitter
Hope all my mermaid fans have a great day!!!
Mermaid kisses for all!!
:
the problem w Martin was too many GP questions.
Doesn't want to be misterGP.
Ohh!
I thought you already got a break?
But I'll see you when you get home!
3 Love you!
:
Patient: Doc, I feel like a GOAT!
Doc: Really, since when?
Patient: Since I was a KID!
;
Even if you were the only person I followed, Twitter would still be grand.
Thanks for the chuckles.
: in fairn
Where have you been this week twitter?
Oh yeah its me that's been distant.
thank you for retweeting my article.
I really appreciate it.
Elevated radon levels found in The Village at Rolesville.
30 off radon tests to neighborhood residents now through Feb.
15, 2010.
Great, thanks for the link.
We'll have to see what we can come up with that his fans would love.
Don't forget to take part in the bigdataweek Survey www.bigdataweek.cdsom/survey
Just now, an unrealized alternate dimensional timeline was created in which space lobsters cooked me breakfast.
Thanks, space friends.
what's worse than forgetting a hashtag, right?
like, just shoot me.
At the UN press tent.
It is like the journo Olympic Village
We're going to be on 1290 WMCS with Earl Ingram this afternoon  tune in!
Grayson is 3 months3wks  doctorwing conclusions about world.
He shows approval w/an allout gummy grin  disapproval by puking on your shirt
Just went through my forthcoming one last time before submitting my final line edits to It.
Is.
Finished.
could you use wallwisher?
I can't think of anything that wouldn't require an account...
I write because it brings me pleasure  joy.
I am able to express myselfthe many shades of methrough pen  paper.
It's a gift I can't deny
Good morning NOLA!
It's another beautiful day!
Join us for Group Reformer and PULSE at 8:30 and BOSU at 9:30
Billy the Kid on tonight at 8pm on Join conversation by using the hashtag americanexperience  DVD giveaways too!
Getting my tmobile back
It means I need a good recruiting campaign for The Averagette.
Guys are the most confusing people on the face of the earth.
It's a fact
dolled up!!!
Hugs and prayers
do it!
I once tried to make hummus...I think I have you both beat for the nickname.
Maybe a tweetomatic?
I like it when I scare my fishes with the net.
lmao 
Special Situation and Exceptions in Slip and Fall Injury Cases
ankle boots ankle ankle ankle ankle ankle boots :
Really bummed my commute caused me to miss tonight's PRStudChat, great advice though!
Can someone please explain to me why we still have school?
up late working on www.civilwardata150.net data, desperately trying to finish before Civil War  150 officially begins.
I can't get the link for the nonlinear films to work.
I need time...
Anyone want to sell me some?
i know rite
Any icon with Jennette in it I love!
She's perfect!!
You pick some great icons!
:
Me  you ima tell ya one time
Talking about college with mommy.
I guess that doctoram was telling me I need to talk to my husband more.
RT this if you want us to share our special a la carte dishes available on ValentinesDay !!
It's raining and I can hear a neighbor playing the violin from an open window.
50 says a vampire knocks on my door in 5 minutes.
Oops, sorry about the duplicate posts this morning.
Life happens ;
ImHopingThat someday it could be like it was, way down in the future, everything will work out, with me  youu..
ets  harvesting songs from the universal radio station.
more NFL tweets please!
Can't.
Stop.
Sneezing.
for how long?
i say the same thing to myself and yet we are both still up late lol.
sad life haha
RT : Mark your calendars...
Pet Day on the Bay is May 12th this year!
Your pup's ears are sure to perk up ;
mister Estrada, resident of LOCO describes the importance of keeping up with our new economic reality  how the FLES program is critical.
They make purple doritos?
LOL!
Good one.
How about: tambourine always too close to the mic?
And for doctormmer doctorw Billings, he's Couchbone all the way.
Guitarist GarthBoyst?
Just give him a hi 5.
Forcing myself to write a conference proposal.
ConQuesT is Memorial Day weekend.
I'll be on panels most of Saturday and book signing.
5th cup of coffee today.
SUP
Going to the zoo tomorrow to see the monkeys!!!
RNS lol
Major headache!
:
Ghettocrayoncolors blue waffle
RT : RT : Fight for the things you love.
Love the things worth fighting for.
Don't RT any of the others, I'll go and find them in your TL!
Xoxo
Guinness and blue cheese.
Who knew?
Every young lady should be bumpin' Lady Don't Tek No.
Fellas too.
It's going on a playlist for my niece right now!
Not nearly as fun to lay out on the beach when you forget your towel.
Hello sandy crack.
OMG I bought boyfriend on my ipod!
Now I can't stop listening to it!
I got it yesterday, and I know the WHOLE song!
I3You
I think he's doctornk.
Thanks for the follow.
Check out He is an incredible metal guitarist like
Almond crusted eggplant with bruschetta and mozzarella over quinoa  my favorite late night, got all my mom chores done, dinner
Hey there loyal twitter followers.
I've starting working with this great group Ode Please do me a favor a throw them a follow!
ooh, who will mister Irrelevant be?
Havent done crap all day and want to continue
Great.
Thanks to years of mental conditioning, I now have an unassailable craving for pickles.
I blame you.
yeah!
where rte you?
The Eagles have gone from the doctoram Team to the I'm Not Sure I Believe Team
My quick take on Indian regional election results: Congress remains weak in UP, but so does BJP.
A change of cast, not so much character?
Come the hell outside!!
Ugh I dislike him not having a phone
talks marriage, housing and black wealth on washingtonwatch 11 am ET/PT
I know.
Why were you all excited?!
Haha
A lifetime car2go membership is currently only 35!
This fee includes: maintenance, fueling, insurance, parking  24 hr cust.
service line!
Watching a documentary about Scrabble Champions...
did yall know that San Diego can also spell DIAGNOSE?
Love learning shit like that.
Is that a Madonna lyric?
RT : Hope is alive in these angel eyes tonight.
me: this is almost as exciting as college basketball!!
: just stop talking.
Thanks for the follow.
Are you guys deep in linsanity?
Now that's something worth investing in
do you think gluten free diets help individuals with autism?
or is it just a fad?
: LOL FUNNY ASS LUNCH!
Love you crazy HOES!
love you too!
Lol
Blame on the alcohol and Mary j...lol
I don't know what that is but I like the sounds of it.
people are talking about auto tune and Jordan.
Do you know what that's all about?
What a writer wants to do is not what he does.
Jorge Luis Borges
You need a bold face, to go with your bold outfit.
How ya doin.
has been unfollowed.
wfc had glitches i hope foc does cause ppl hack them and if you do not know how to hack you glitch to end other cheaters
i need a guy that actually has the balls to tell me the truth!
i wish i could do thatt...
Relating a story of how she was introduced to Capstone Interactive Library.
They gave her a district trial
Just woke up from a 4 hour nap.
I think I'm more tired now than I was before the nap.
howisthatpossible?
I loved your artwork shown on SOS.
Will you be having an East Coast show anytime soon?
You were also luminous on the finale.
Good afternoon to you 2...
Wats up?
:
Met the nicest Jehovah Witnesses while planting the trees.
They gave me a tree history of Baltimore Elms, and this wasn't in their pamphlet.
Hope to see you there!
Pino Daniele is one of our favorites!
Had a couple of closings today!
The chicken man trumpet playing mini bike rider so OMG lol
Yep..
I'm ready to start walking.
Did you know that you can recycle small batteries at There is a collection bin on the information desk at the Lombard St.
entrance.
Time to vote.
Yowza!
Not sure I agree with that.
If he showcases an offseasonimproved defensive game his stock will rise considerably.
this crap is eggplants eggplants 
What do you want Chloe?; Just kidding.
Using GET encode params into a URI.
This isn't explicit by the HTTP spec, but it's best practice for GET to not have a body
I'm always impressed by booze.
Esp liqueurs.
Mexico in a month or so...
Need some sun!
How about you?
Just arrived at sunlife to see the BLACK EYED PEAS tear it down their last show ever
Thursday: made summer school syllabi, graded 12 papers, read for 2 hours, watched Hitchcock's 'Shadow of a Doubt.' Not bad.
Life Member gameday parking at Alumni Hall is no longer available today.
The lot is now full.
he just like followed u out of no where ur hella lucky
Netflix be on some BULLSHI!!!
when boys always disrespect me so I can get their attention  like, I don't even wanna be bothered by you.
Leave me the fuck alone bitch.
: I'm thrilled to start contributing to 's beer coverage...
congrats Paul!
Look forward to reading more...
...about a dozen came from and in the nation's capital 450,000 fans attended this year's Jazz Fest
13 hours and counting on Amtrak.
Anyone who still believes in the dominance of the USA has never taken regional rail.
Love that photo.
Thanks for the Smithismn.
thanks Toni for the follow.
Please let us know if we can help with any furniture related items!
no problem.
Good day?
Hearing sing Dyce to sleep melts my heart.
right.
What I MEANT to say was Given earlyinning woes thus far, before the game wouldn't you have taken Wolf, thru 3 down two?
oh okay cool!!
THIS GUNNA BE FUN.
To every1 tht im not following thts following me.
Im sorry, i have reached my limit, unless i get 1000 followers help me out pls.
Ill follow
you're literally rift across the street.
I still can't figure out why we haven't been.
You have the best sounding food!
Henry Rodoctorguez, Bama of the Night
Hahah.
I love 80s hair metal and stuff.
And foreign bands.
Food Fact of the Day: Apr 1st, 1996 Taco Bell playing an April Food joke claims to have bought the Liberty Bell.
reducing the national debt
If you can speed sleep, you can get 8 hours of sleep in only 3.
Then you can wake up and keep recording.
TwSIG Public opinion is being formed in part by Tweets and FB.
Many businesses will respond to the twitter stream and negative opinion
god family  education basketball or diee
it's no official yet but yes same band members different band name.
Use your United Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at SS Tire and Auto Service Centers!
All Caring Club...
Wait, so this banning football debate was a real thing?
I hate to admit it, but Garnett still has it.
Too gross.
On the road with the Loyola jazz band.
Just played our first stop in Memphis and hanging on Beale st.
later tonight.
NOLA dun spoiled me...
When You're Feeling Lost  Wanna Be Found,Wear Love Like A Crown.
Wear Love Like A Crown 33
I just submitted an application to in the hopes that I can receive some funding for Parlour to Parlour.
Wish me luck!
For those of you in , don't forget CAT vicechair and general committee apps are due by midnight tomorrow!
hell yea i think dey gne beat kansas
Happy presidents day weekend.
There nothing like a hottie with a tophat and loads of authority!
Wow, these men are turning into puppy dogs meeting Emily.
Have none of these men dated attractive women?
Where are the confident men?
Neenah Paper Declares Quarterly Dividend and Announces Annual Shareholders Meeting on May 16, 2012
I couldn't either.
I need a clear separation between my private and public life.
: BOY: Is your body from McDonalds?
GIRL: Why?
Cause you're lovin' it?
BOY: No, because it's fat and greasy.
Stinky Gringo is excited to announce the authorization of Original  Strawberry Margaritas in the Seven County Metro Milwaukee Pick N Saves
And I really love the trumpet
This is why politicians change their spots faster than a cheetah can BLINK
Sometimes oomf gives me no hope.
Spring Auctions  New York Times
AskPSanders whats your favorite state/city besides Chicago?1
I think i just saw a celeb's Ambien tweet.
About half disturbing, half funny.
: Something about The Thunder basketball  her fans?
where are you?
Lol
Up early with RHCP setlist..
to excited for tonight!
Finally May 11th!!
Isn't it funny how people feel the need to label others.
We only need to care about your heart!
About to do these pics from yesterday !
so u think Pitino was honorable for having sex w/ his employees wife in a restaurant?
They were both horribly wrong/fire able acts
Congrats to our pals  fellow entrepreneurs for the release of v3 of the pintley app!
We 3 beer!
Keep up the great work, gents.
Twitter is like an endless conversation to yourself ...
Bitches need learn some common courtesy.
Bullshit never ends...
Will I ever be happy?
The door it opened slowly..my father he came in.
I was 9 years old.
I thought i saw an eagle though it might have been a vulture.
Thank you for the follow!
Feels awesome to be followed by the author of the first ever poker ever read by me.
Not yet.
Just the dakotas, MN, and WI.
It starts with distribution.
We have to sign with a distributor in your area 1st.
Why you gotta be so blind?
Why dont you open up your eyes?
lmao no worries dude.
I've got shit to do today but ill hit you up when I'm done and on my way.
thanks so much man!
Let's do something this week!
Don't forget it's teacherappreciationweek !
You still have two days to do something for the special teachers in your life!
HA!
As in Mandolay Bay or SF Bay!
Just checking, cause you'd be one place I'd be the other!
How I accidentally roll!
HA!
D
what does that mean..?
Cuz I've heard sum crazy stuff last two days illuminate ??
just tried Omar's Cafe on Mt.
Prospect Newark!
pictures to come for Food Porn Friday.
Believe the hype!
,We believe the Lord is going 2 use these songs 4 hope  healing!
Honored to have u  Redeemed Girl Institute!
watching NatGeo's show Amish: Out of Order.
And yes....it's amazing.
:D
It's amazing what makeup can do..
Thanks for the RT, Bill!
I'll probably weirdly text you
IGetJealousOf people who don't have to work on beautiful days like this
It was great meeting you!
Excited to be your mentee.
:
RT : Monday's should be optional.
I'd love to see that!
Haha
Ok, who the hell didn't tell Punto to throw home?
That's completely pathetic.
All night work party.
Yippee.
I blame Radio Disney.
RT : This a.m.
Charlie tied Robbie at 3 in the  of times each has puked in MY car.
0 in Amy's.
still has to prove it, but read context, all he said was I think I'm the best 95 percent of players have same mindset.
haha cheap asses what are you doing tonight?
Silent but violent
My favorite side at Maguire's is .
How much of your eating is related to your emotions?
Watch out for more on this today!
Happy Birthday !!!!!: hope you have a great birthday!!!!!
BTW, this account in 100 libraries shit, about 50 overlap with ET, so I won't be offended if you don't want to follow it.
3
Ugh, I KNEW I was going to regret signing up for The Knot.
Just got an email advertising a Bridelicious Booty Camp.
Just...no.
thanks for the shout out and encouraging others to follow!
I hate that I can't change my twitter my name on my phone
I got a Canon SD 1100 is  it looks pretty cool so I'm hoping to get some great pictures!
Nuggets radio play by play voice Jason Koszmicki on now talking about the Nugs' new signings!
has anyone ever tried bubbletea with soymilk?
if so, how was it?
OK, here's the deal: the universe is pointillistic.
Them be gaps between the grains.
Gallon challenge with and
Holy crap!
I got a 100 on my Anthropology paper!!
Congrats Ruby!
I miss your face.
Mike Tyson that  Im talking lights out..OMG.
Just finished an intense 24 hour session of nonstop design.
With Very proud of our work.
WHY DID THE PICTURE GO TO JAIL?
BECAUSE IT WAS FRAMED!
:
Colin Ferrel is my future husband.
He is so gorgeous!
No worries, it's a sleep condition that is scary as hell, google it.
Miss you and love you.
I am the happiest a guy could be.
I miss talking to you :
Thanx to the students in H340 for a great semester.
I learned much while working with all.
Once you get everything settled, I wanna come up and party with you.
Go see a Reds game maybe RT thanks
don't we need the PBS gang to acknowledge their ABA roots?
The PBS sites I've seen bury ABA references
yes legit.
I don't fuck with anyone who fucks with fakes.
And idk I'll email him
Kate!
What are you doing eating cupcakes, no matter how delicious?!
Congrats!
Unfortunately, he still has u beat on nicknames MT redemption on Sex Panther during elite 8 gms...
psycho wins 300.
I need a backiotomy.
Back is so sore.
Perching on reference chair is not helping.
i started a doctorw free game with you :
Happy Birthday from LA to the A!
Wishing you an amazing day and weekend!
M
amazing Connie Rice:amer policing tactics stems from slavery the suppression  containment of African slaves
i wish i had an ipod anymore....
Missed made in Chelsea last night : what happened??
oh you
scared money, don't make no money.
I need a boyfriend
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us  Ralph Waldo Emerson
What does your heart tell you?
I mean, which one would you rather see naked?!
If Felton could play like this consistently, I could dig it
Philly...Flip it to PHL17....
is on!
My interview with w/ will be featured!
Let's hope this 9th inning doesn't end w/ a doctorpped popup
Just got in the car.
Thermometer on dash says 105
just finished watching 's NEVER SAY NEVER!
best movie ever : loved every moment of it!
3
OscarTweet Octavia Spencer: stunning, gracious and clearly very proud of TheHelp 
Your Neighborhood Plumber NYC No extra charges nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies....24/7
aye bro i just emailed you hit me up when you get a chance.
Last few bites of chametz before Passover tomorrow thanks for making it extra tasty
Aha!
The back of her head lookin lik some road kill!!!
Hahahahaha!
Always renew your tracks dont leave it in for 9months with out moisture
Awww thanks love.
It's def a great combo: beautiful weather and Bday.
:
Two comments: 1 Kobe tripped over himself.
2 Closer is a baseball term.
Dennis Eckersley  Kobe Bryant.
GO MAVS.
it's reminding me more and more of lost...
and the last episode really surprised me.
you?
A9: do a full tour of the south pacific
Looking forward to trying out the Hangout Sunday.
Gotta borrow the wife's camequipped laptop, tho...
amen to that...did you here the choir rehearsal tonight ?..this is Koda....the singing cop.
Lol
I love I miss his tweets :'
Q.
Who is the greatest babysitter mentioned in the Bible?A.
David.
He rocked Goliath to sleep.
oh shut up
Are your labor costs higher than you'd like them to be?
We can help!
Email us at
whoever this so called boss is who didn't invite me.
My feelers are hurt.
well, it IS the University of NEW ORLEANS
It;s going to be hard to doctornk a cold beer in this Texas heat
All seems good these days, will relax for sure and take it easy today.
Love to all
Got more facts.
Basically, it IS rare, but there are some bacteria resistant to antibiotics, mostly east coast.
It hurts.
Missing India, but a lot of great viewpoints : Is the Social Enterprise Bubble About to Burst?
Dude.
I'm.
So.
Bored.
It's not even plobnorg.
yes can't wait til your there it will be awesome:
All aspiring Actors and Actresses should be following What are you waiting for?
They represent two different aspects of digitization, but maybe both trending toward more open, flexible approaches.
That SNF intro for the Patriots D' sums up the problem perfectly: guys so unknown they dont even have an intro graphic
Get the Free app for free right now in the Apple App Store  Andoctorid Market now  get a ton of free stuff
I hate waiting on transit
Want first chance of winning tickets from ?
Sign up to receive it before the rest!
Email and sign up!!
Q3 My work has a frantic Oral History project that is trying to cover as many Austrian Holocaust survivors as possible.
Thanks for the post Gary.
Very good point...and the novel does look a lot like our own society...
good luck man..
hope to see it published
I'm trying my best
Rec.
using one browser: Google Chrome, preferably.
Use usb tether to 'see' work in real time as you create
RT : IWasThereWhen played alchemy index songs live for the 1st time!
they play my request of Atlantic too!
if your still looking for a partner for vball you got one right here!!
it's okay, your not the only one
beatLA hell yes Nuggets!
Show them whos Boss :
When i was younger!
it took me a few hours to change transparency background...i don't get it yet...
Good night!
I sent it to ya as sneak peak!
Follow RT I bet Rick Santorum has accommodated Boehner more than once.
ew why is everyone in my school so weird?!?!
freaks omg ugh
he sports our band on his back with our shirt 
Brisbane your looking beautiful today
Why do people believe everything the newspaper says but question what the Bible says?
stuffing addiction.
Not audition.
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship  never.
Charles Caleb Colton
just watching TV.
How about you?
And he is cute
Thanks for the RT!
you have every oppurtunity to be with him!
shut up  be grateful he's not getting jerked away from you stop worrying what other people think
Enjoying beers at Leary's Landing Irish Pub even more!
so so excited about tonight
When do you get to ctia?
Would love to meet up during the conference.
Please DM me, Thx!
OMG!!!
I got my own happy cow!
:D
In need of some kids for Childoctorns Dept.
send pics to

hey, follow me so I can email you.
xo
50 off dinner at The Clifton this Monday and Tuesday.
Think this is the last week we are doing this
you're welcome 
working now, thanks!
Just another excuse to SHOP!!
At AMC theater having expensive dinner with Gia.
Just saw kids having dinner on the walk over.
Gia thought it was cool.
try boiling the tofu before frying sounds weird, but makes it super crispy!
haha your cover of california king bed!!
and omg my phone is broke too!
:
great news!!
lol love you too :  of course you will.
let me know how it goes bc even though I'm 4 hours away, I still care!
:P
I would love to have lunch any time!!!
Miss my fav wine ladies!
Take aways from today's FastForward camp: all writing can be snappier, compare retweets to clickthroughs, complexity continues.
you guys don't know this about me but I do yoga in my room everyday to ed sheeran.
what song is it?
:
Equinox is loud, NY and very uber achiever oriented
Sometimes its cost other times we are picky eaters and fall in old habits

If you guys meet any developers who aren't a fit for you at , I'd love a shot to place them somewhere else!
Freaking out with over the fact that we are seeing in a few minutes thanks to Ahh, what is air!?
Love how my twitter timeline is flooded from the NFL doctorft
Good morning!
It's going to be an afternoon pie kind of day.
Pear Caramel!
Want a visit from the pie cookie fairy?
Lemme know!
I'm resisting the urge to tell my friend the Santa photo she subjected her baby to taking is creepy is fuck.
Casey Anthony has been found...
NOT GUILTY for first degree murder and aggravated child abuse by the jury!!
Had a fun show  LaSalle High School in Pasadena, then had a yummy dinner  Zelo's pizzeria.
Beet salad, spinach pesto pizza 
Hello my friend!
They must be showing the Nuggs on TV up there ehh hope your doing good!
okay!
Should be up shortly!
Hi Paul, we tested this and it looks good on our end.
Please contact and they will help you out.
Brianne
Good questions, Greg.
Glad you didn't go easy on TT.
Unlike every freaking guy I ain't tryna get with every girl!!!
inthe90s Everyone was free.
It felt good.
Why am I waiting for tomorrow when Christ gave me today?
I'm bout to sleep good as fuck tonight tho.
If octopus an i ever went on a date, i wouldnt order BBQ chicken wings just for the sake of him.
Answering Questions  Helping You Plan Your NYC Trip!!!
Txt 6465806445 Tel 1800972 9940
TENNWOLF IN 7 HOURS!!!!
whose hotter or
Guess I'm back on twitter :3
Check out my new FB page!
Irresistible Woman  Sacramento, CA!
No problem its good !
On new years i wanna see it completed with like outfit and stuff !
Oh well
STM or DIE
shooting music video for Deep End soon and will need lots of peeps for live show day of shooting.
ill have more details soon!
Any of my followers watch Scandal?
Ah did great on my test!!!
Gonna take Calculus 2!!
: and got uniforms today...
I.
Hate.
Them.
Hahaha a gay guys worst nightmare lol :P
that publicist david nobel brought to your attention,i am his manager and i would like to forward you a post
brings people together :
Excited to hear founder alexbangash speak at Wharton tomorrow.
We will be booking some shows soon!
Who do you wanna see us play with?
thumbs up!
Life's a bitch, 'cause if it was a slut, it'd be easy.
pats all day
recovering from computer advice giving.
Contrary to the hype helping someone with their computer and ipad with the set up they really have
my stomach hurt
Ha as much as I love good music, true Jazz is not a staple in my library.
Good idea thanks :
naw shouts out to you ..contraband was on Point 
ehh.
Naah.
; I get him SundaySaturday ;
Winning on the road in Philadelphia during the playoffs is probably the greatest feeling as a player.
Great atmosphere.
just received the LUPEC SF calendar.
Thank you!!
You are all stunning.
hahaha me and my country love :
is it bad that I'm still in love with my ex after 5 years not being with him im texting him and im crying 5 years together
No, because I never thought in my wildest doctorams that I'd be here for my 11th annual Employee Appreciation day.
: have a great weekend!
Gearing up for the next BOTB
The weeknd version of every doctorke song Is better than the original 
Verlander wins AL Cy Young award by unanimous decision
Welcome to new follows!
Thank YOU so MUCH for the RETWEET you SO ROCK!
xo!
Headbobbin' to Sweetheart as I type.
doctoram as if you'll live forever.
Live as if you'll die today.
If I was in the Twin Cities this is where I'd be FridayRT : Dj Advance BDay Celebration This Friday  The Grand Hotel !!
psh your parties would be the bomb , and for each birthday you could have met anybody !
, eveen prince Royce !!
But I bet we catch up fast:
I think fo rme the form of the future is the theatre we all are talking about tomorrow
I'm going to the Indy one possibly, if he sells MG so:
I stay loading followers smh I guess I got to live on this mf to keep my followers up
Besek: and of course specter of international issues loom.
Whatever we do it will be scrutinized in other countries
see you at tadasana festival.
Assisting ash turner sat and sun.
Suddenly regretting sensible decision to put off further graduate degrees; the library is lacking in Iron Age coins and mud.
back at you
Beat Ohio State!
He was key in the 4th RT : You nailed a 3 with that call...but do I get an assist for the Dooling comment?
Omg, no one has ever done the OH thing with me.
We're best friends now ok.
work has paid off for them.Bill raising beer 58 ABV has passed House  heading to Governer's desk!!
WelcomeToDetroit where almost all your school friends are dead or in jail
I will make you famous.
We will make bakers' dozens of millions of dollars.
thanks for a great day!
It's great.
Went 2 nights in a row.
Carpenter's Vampires and The Birds
It was amazing!
My tummy is very happy.
superstrength yes!
U have already failed if U R anticipating 4 someone else 2 fail.
Throwing stones, hating, jealousy or whatever U want 2 call it,
CutCapBalance  cut off America's leg, give it a bandaid, and say good luck standing on that other foot!
I think is still sleeping...
wow!
:
Hear my reaction to getting stung by a bee tonight at 10 in the KARE 11 News Extra.
It's kinda funny!
Hey THANKS!!
That's awesome to hear!
Be thankful for the musicians in your life and show them love on recordstoreday!
Head to to celebrate
Niggas at home but they gfs absent dick n her mouth sound like she gotta accent
I'm the original rocket bc I got the original handle.
haha.
Don't worry about it.
But I just took medicinee for this dumb cold.
Ha.
Hopefully I'll talk to you tomorrow.
Good Night:
Thanks for all of the Love, Houston.
But as you say, it was a small amount earmarked to a very specific fund in my major.
Finally a win Ubaldo!!!
Receiving billions of bail out money and still being broke.
Cornelius Tacitus I am my nearest neighbor.
Northern Virginia could be considered a MidAtlantic state
I wanna doctorve
NP I should have kissed you 
So glad to be following !
Have fun in Dallas with your training!
You too Samantha!
Sending you lots of luck today with the news segment.
You will do GREAT!
Reserved your ticket yet for our fab Bartram Bitters Cocktail Party Fundoctoriser on May 16?
You better!
Use promo code YoungFriend and...
That moment when u are about to go asleep and realize you forgot to set your alarm an then get caught up on twitter for another hour...
My swag game...
Tight like my jeanss..come through my diamond piece chain...shine like...rain!
Good morning mentions?
Make a wish!
Having a really bad hair day!
or you just haven't bought new clothes in the last 15 years.
lazy?
Belt is going to split time at 1B and GoldS is struggle.
If I had to doctorp one I guess it would be the guy splitting time
We have a car full of records and ready to rock!
Quote of the Week: Teaching reading IS rocket science.
Louisa Moats.
Happy Friday!
hey r u hanging out w/Pit Bull?
Writing my freshman letter is hard , so many memories !!
I love photography, social media and engaging youth.
Your Brazil Team Leader position looks interesting.
Good luck in the future!
He was my friend first!!!
Eight hours for work, eight hours for rest, eight hours for what we will.
Haymarket Square incident on this day in 1886 in Chicago.
Oh...
Sedona it is then!
doesn't include things like foam rolling but i consider that recovery, not working out.
even that doesn't account for much time.
oh 4real so is u still gettin the car
Sorry ladies, the website is being redone  should be up and ready by tomorrow morning!!
Thankyou for your patience!
good : we just have to remember that fighting fire with fire won't solve anything, it will only cause more destruction.
:
wow everybody coming at me I'm just going to google first dang I got some mean followers lol.
I love PLP!
THANK YOU.
Yes.
YOU.
We reached our goal30K participants w/70K mods completedwe beat the natl record!
Couldn't have done it w/out you!
Then one of my neighbors came out  called them all dumb hoes  told them to take their young asses to bed.
How is your weekend going?
Crossing off another bucketlist item tonight...going to !
Reason 78 why
lmao it was in 6th grade at school in the morning but no one told on me
: I still rock on!
Haven't seem them again, but seen Rush many more times.
What's new?
That intro never gets old
I hate how people judge others.
I'm pretty sure last time I checked your not God, so who are you to judge?!
Your Goodwill family is rooting for you here in Milwaukee  Wisconsin.
Hope you feel the love.
Show em those moves!
: Poll: iPhone vs doctorid doctorid all day
sounds delish!!!
I don't agree w/many of the studies of when is the perfect time to tweet.
Tweet when you know your followers R tweeting.
Another long, incredible Friday night with , , , and of course,
Why would he do that??
I haven't seen anything particularly offensive from you.
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.
Helen Keller
Did you know that San Diego Country imports 90 of its water from the Colorado River?!
Picked the right one.
I wonder why Visual Studio puts .csproj files in the Recent Projects list.
I've never wanted to open a .csproj in my life.
BRING IT ON BIOTCH !
good.
Enjoying days off.
What Bout you?
Pig cheerleaders, a tweeting bird, a depressing ref and a kiss cam.
Puppy bowl has now sold out.
Guess I'll watch football
I got to many projects on the bench.
Time to button some of this up.
let's get ginger root after my interview!
kthanks
Good night gracey.
Good Morning World::
I wonder how you can do a heart in your tweets
: About to get stitches...
i hope it wasnt too bad, good job today bro
Enjoyed lunch at Wild Ginger with the Fire Chief.
Good conversation about the Fire Department.
u going for the ravens
Trying to decide if I should read Tam Lin now or for Maybe I'll save it!
Thx!
RT : A Sunny FF to we appreciate you!
DJing tonight with my man at Lucky Lounge usualnonsense in the building.
Let's go Oakland!

Uploading sketches into the storyboard for a new client project  this animation is going to be FOA.
Last stop, St Charles place.
Amazing trip and will miss you
There are!
Tins and tins and tins of them.
Thank goodness.
: Soon, I'll be handing over the twitter reins to someone else.
:
Follow a fellow news anchor.
But please don't be offended.
Anytime sis, : how thing going?
Awww, wish you were here, Dave!
Spectacular Parenteau mansion disguises tale of greed and wrongdoing  Columbus Dispatch
Soakin up the sun at aliante station pool.
I finally figured out what to do with our future childoctorn who are genetically destined to be short mini Maguire jockeys!
Thank you Douglas, I really appreciate it.
Have a great weekend.
I miss that final bike ride with a flat tire at maple lane.
Can we do more stuff together?
:
Don't play the part.
BE the part.
GRRRR waiting for appointment this day couldn't get any worse :
Can't wait until they get untethered jb for windows.
why is she tired again???
That's the problem with out team Girardi makes them a bunch of babies saving the for the Playoffs
Stuffed and very very sick.
Clearly I ate too much.
Sorry Queens Library, promoting Amazon is a nono and you should know better.
Best Free iPad App of the Week: Khan Academy: // ok I give in.
Time to buy an iPad.
lol u set me up!!!
lol
Love it RT Chris Kreider right from natl title w/ BC to the NYR and scores game winner tonight to force Gm 7.
Precedents, anybody?
TweetMeCody FollowMeCody I would be the happiest girl in the world if this actually happened : 143
Yesh work those muscles babe
so is life my brother, we have to come up with a list of reasons to be successful, those reasons will become our motivation.
thats tight u can rap!
RT : RT  I heard a joke, Of course Tebow got doctorfted by the Broncos, it's the closest team to heaven.
: Pussy hair braided ButYouStillHit cuz that ass fat  Oh are there beads down there too?
Cause beads make it legit.
I wish that for once, a guy would genuinely like me.
on the positive, at least I won't be dancing in sequins...just sayin'
EatMoreSoup  introducing this week's specials  reply tweet for more information  I know your Hungry!!!
LOVED Savannah's earrings this morning on Today Show.
BATZ was kinda whack.
The only people shaking shit was Misfits, CerveTech, and Widmer Brothers.
I welcome the challenge.
And there's no doubt, a 100 degree night is coming soon.
Let me check calendar tomorrow and get back to you.
thx!
My grades right now   on point!
going to see never say never directors cut so exsited can't wait
Show at FLOYD'S on Friday with !
I'm not sure how that could be considered invasive?
taking pictures :
guys help to reach 1500 followers!
...Two fire marshal vehicles
I aint even seen this.
Alright thats cool i understand just take your time.
ill find someone lol
Happy Chinese New Year!
Dumplings are said to bring you luck and prosperity for the year.
Come join us today  tomorrow night.
Rotfl.
words cant explain how much I hate this fatass
Just saw 2 guys playing basketball in the new sunset triangle.
I don't usually take requests but I guess I could make an exception this once!
Well, thanks!
We'll see if I still have it by June, when I'll be passing through Chicago again.
Another juice bar meetup?
Laughing at my self for actually believing for a split second that I was gonna go back to school to study for the night
We started there the year Staples Center opened, which was the first revitalized Downtown LA building.
There isn't a day that goes by where you aren't crossing my mind 3
And it is through fantasy that childoctorn achieve catharsis.
It is the best means they have for taming Wild Things.
Maurice Sendak
1 2 3 Magic my daughter used much of it with her son
Daisy?
that's a cow's name TOM!!
Any SEO experts out there?
Do links on twitter, facebook, linkedin, etc improve your ranking?
i love sundays, especially starting them off with
Keep your eyes open for Steph Wright , our Data Services Librarian!
I could use some chikfila breakfast today!
I'm so hungry
Frozen chocolate chip cookies are the best thing on earth...
Having mommy in law and the little ones
dear , when you go to california...
Take me with you!
: Kbye
Getting defensive: For first time since 39;82, Cowboys use first 4 picks on defenders, 5 overall
Looking at this janky flip phone next to this BlackberryTheComeUp lmao!
Khloee is in bed at 8 thank god!
Best way to not get busted for something, not do the shit at all in the first place.
Three days till the all new Jessie; Evil Times Two has a new guest star on it...
Kinda.
Tune in on Disney Channel at 8/7c.
Xoxo 3
We see stars so clear that have been dead for years, but the idea still lives on.

I'm great Thanks!
Hope U are havin a good weekend.
awesome!
shoot us your wf username once you've put in some recommendations and we'll share it
hehehehe you're so cute!
come ova friday to meet king scout you'll be like i eat choyse only on poyzza ployse.
dude let me take some of that before next game..i keep forgetting haha
Staying home with my little lady.
She has a stomach bug.
Stop by and see Eric.
He's holding it down for me today.
you guys better get a ring this year !
id old school..on that Dewayne Wayne  Ron shit
PrettyLittleThings is currently moving through postproduction.
Stay tuned.
el spicy if you like chicken the double stack if you like beef.
All the salads are great too!
140 characters ins't enough to say what a failure Obama has been and what a moron you are
Just finished watching You don't mess with the Zohan lol it's hilarious!
yeah buddy!
love you to3
This Weekend See the Hattiloo Theatre in Memphis perform 2 plays by 2011 Youth Playwright winners
True or False: The name Tommy DeVito is mentioned in both Goofellas and Casino?
omg Juggaloos live in my neighborhood holy shit
Watching , love her she is so funny and witty.
We had a fabulous time with our Young Patrons at our Christmas concert and afterparty tonight.
Pics coming soon!
No symphony orchestra ever played music like a twoyearold girl laughing with a puppy.
Bern Williams
I just have to admit that it's all coming back to me
I need a massage..
I luv u past the moon...I really do, wen I say I hate u I mean that too ma u make me crazi bt sometimes dass wat luvas do
: She loving the Crew..
great minds think a like
ha!
Awesome.
Well played sir, well played.
If only I was double my current age, I would have adopted you as my son: Sounds superdelicious!
Happy birthday girl!!
Linked Open Data: museums don't need to worry so much about the linked part.
Just make your data open.
API, complete download.
Oh it's the morning ap test?
Fuck
THE BALTIMORE MEDIA ORCHESTRA WILL BE IN CONCERT APRIL 29  5P.M.
AT THE CARL J.
MURPHY FINE ARTS CENTER!
Listening to 1969 SGA President talk while Smashing Pumpkins 1979 song plays in background.
take a picture :P
how much is Kansas getting paid to lose this?
i wont make it to church, unless we go to the 6;30 service.
but i will fo sho see you monday!
:
Is a tweet considered fact ?
Got the worst advice ever at church yesterday  You have the rest of your life to see the world.
smh...
Two days off before two days on
What exactly is self respect?
so you Rollin tonight?
bella, i'm flattered!
:
saw a fresh bouquet with balloons tied to it on a dumpster.
I guess someone didn't appreciate the gesture.
/3 and
Finished recording guitars for one of our new songs today!
So excited for you guys to hear what we are bringing soon!
My doctorid has video!!!!
Now on to the scary stuff.
I think it's the mark of a great player to be confident in tough situations.
John McEnroe
LMMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RT: : I was doctorfted in the 3rd round fuckers!
Where the bitches at?!
that one Punter
I understand there are steroids involved but why is it not a much bigger deal that we are WATCHING HISTORY: ARod now 5th all time in HR
People who aren't in the music industry will never understand the music industry.
If i E V E R hear Justin  Harry's voice in one song...IM DYING THINKING OF IT.
I wish my phone was working the right way :/
I want a snack
At the
thank you!!!
That's so kind.
can't wait to see you saturday i'm super excited!
:
Ha!
RT : RT : What is Romney thinking?
Again with the firing?
Ahh.
So like Breaking Bad.
I find it funny how people r still dming ask if me and met 1D haha yes we did now yah know!
;
too bad I am not out there to celebrate with you.
Florida is beautiful.
Good Morning, Thank u God for another day.
Wishing all Mothers a Happy Mothers Day.
Enjoy your day ladies!!!
have a good flight!
Thank you for coming in!
Which location are you visiting this afternoon?
you don't have a dog..
Crab cakes and key lime pie.
I embraced my inner Aretha today.
Where are you getting this information?
It's NOT posted currently on their website that I can find
These episodes of Ghost Whisperer are the best, ugh.
he's a senile old man who can't let it go.
What do you expect
Q5 Know any organizations that help travelers in need?
Whats your fav?

praying alongside you for a quick recovery on the new antibiotic!
Take care of yourself!
xoxo
The Alyssa's control me.
Quiet night in was but a doctoram
After enjoying a wonderful Bday with the family and friends, I'm now back in the office with the girls.
We have a ton of work.
How would you describe CaryHoffman in MySinatra?
new standards are needed but so is greater funding
what a nice compliment!
Thank you Jeremy :
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
Geroge Sheehan
Finally!!!
My partner in crime is singlee!!!
Ah shyyyyt things r gonna get crayyy!!!
notetoselfdonotgetarrested 
I get my jaw unwired/opened on April 16.
Yay!
Hailing in Glendale :
RT: : Love Your Account!
Just starting up over here!
glad there are others out there willing to help for free!
the two on the bottom look like they're smiling?
How could that be wrong?
You're asking Bill to be safe?
Surely you've met his alter ego.
I could sing of Your Love forever!
Jesus 3
Looks good, Rebecca!
I like the twilight skyline.
Anytime!
Have fin and let me how it goes!
Now on the news, your smartphone will steal your identity...and your soul.
Luckily I don't have either.
Newt Gingrich lays off his campaign manager, but did he think maybe it is HIM that is the reason he is not doing so great?
Hm...
isn't the best?!
love when he helps me!
RT : thanks!
make bday 30 something to remember right
I'm up!
Time 4 my daily fix..tarbucks
There you go Wade
My brother is getting married in Egg Harbor in late August.
Any recommendations on where to stay?
Toddler friendly?
much respect for including some stellar indie rappers in the lasted Public Enemy video
Blackstar performing at the House of Blues September 7th...Finally GOOD hip hop comes to Dallas
what kind of doctor are you ;
GS is one of Cleveland's finest!
brutal shit www.facebook.com/lastseendead
Interview went well, just had some Korean BBQ, chillin with my hubby and the rat pack LOL
they're playing it again at 9:35 in Miami!
am I a freak!
Or Naw
8am classes suck, especially when its 34 degrees.
I LOVE that idea thank you!!
I am so confused...
Trying to forget someone you loved is like trying to remember someone you never even knew...
i hate when my parents get into my shit..mind your damn business!
come work with me instead.
Thanks
good idea for the sporting app idea contest.
I need more followers...
tell your friends.
Don't HATE the CHINESE for the SHIT PRODUCTS U Buy from THEM..lol...HATE YOURSELF 4 creating the DEMAND..HA HA
How about the next 3 games?
:
have a great one and if you ever start to doubt how great 30 is, let me know.
Happy Founders Day to my lovely Sorority Sisters of Delta Sigma Theta.
Much Love and Many Blessings 2 u 2day
Is magenta your new lucky color?
: Held og lykke!
Your fans will be cheering for you and the rest of SKC tonight!
Yum!
Great choice, Kaitlyn!
just kicking it..
You coming to USC vs Clemson?
We will be here all day Monday tracking any Severe Weather.
: Day 1 of Official Bar Sponsored by Special guest of MCC2012
Sadly I am unable to go to this weekends MWF show in Melrose, Mass !
Was looking forward to seeing and the Trifecta of Terror
GCB I can't stop laughing!
BIG NEWS.The Diversity Platinum card is now on sale for 19.95 Celebrating Pride Month.
Use Promo Code Instinct11 www.diversityplatinum.com
Oh yea ?
I'll call u in a few
Off to bed I guess...
Might get on the computer before I go to sleep ...smh
Noooottt in a good mood...
Chuck Norris keeps insomnia from getting a good night's sleep.
I am not sure the dudes were targeting you there, I think it was the 8,000 AAC apps out there and the media's take on it
TtW12 c3 FB lives in perceptual presence  no archive.
What are your views on the FB timeline?
: Does smoking weed help migraines?
fuck yes
Question is why?
Really just a rest day?
perrace parties for carbo loading for marathons.
Post race only for ultras.
:
Nothing about the demographics of the MU poll in your piece.
You know, stuff even TV covers.
Twitter is more information.
You know the words.
So sing along for me, baby.
What a game 49ers Saints!
Here's to the girls that do smoke weed
Ha!
Yes, IM703TX.
Been tweeting too many things from watching Oceanside!
Woot!
website nearly ready for launch, wordpress installed and brownies baked.
Twas a successful day!
I will not be discouraged by Haters...i will keep working hard daily on my music...and I will see my doctoram into reality!!!!
What was amazing?
Lol I'm so confused...
And not watching abdc so ya...
Had a good convo with from this afternoon  good stuff.
Tyler Perry movies feed into so many Black stereotypes
How do you use twitter?
Can it generate business?
I use it as a design resource, but it seems to have some interesting possibilities.
Both northbound and southbound Martin Luther King Blvd is open now.
Have a good night.
Love your new pic!!
smoke something!
Kesha is the music equivalent of that feeling you get when you walk barefoot in the restroom of a public pool.
all them ghetto tunes were knocked out that way.
I haven't heard it yet..
but...
too many big words: Revenue, Stream, Debt.
let's make fun of sumthin!
Happy anniversary to my beautiful wife of 11 years!!!
Another paranormal activities ...
The first 3 where bad enough .
Data center here in the Philippines is going fantastic.
Great call center and great people!
hit me up anytime girl:
all the small updates adding up to a much slicker overall experience  more impressed the more i use it
Get at me if you make beats!
Ugh I wish I could fall asleep early
T.I is funny lml ;p
I'm starting a blog for women on how to live cheap and good in the hood
I am effin' excited to party with my BOOZE tomorrow night!
Florida, here I come!
ifttt.com is my new favorite thing ever.
My boyfriend  3
yes, definitely!
I use it for the catalogs, too.
So much easier than print and everything is in one place.
Another I heart NY moment: John Denver's Country Roads playing at Woorijip Korean takeout.
RT Hey look!
Spanish Flu!
Museum visitors getting a kick out of discussion of 1918 Spanish Flu epidemic in main exhibit.
Hi  checking to see if you might be free to chat with a public radio station in LA re: the new Kony video?
Many thanks!
That kind of thing takes a while to come out of I'm glad it went well!
Here's to a quick recovery.
sends good thoughts
It doesnt make sense to let go of something you had for so long, but it also doesnt make sense to hold on when nothings there.
Riding home from South Carolina  via Twitter  with former Edgewood great and former Baraboo standout
Fenouil is AMAZING!
Welldeserved!
That's a good thing!
Wake up in the Morning feeling like JBieber, get my glasses, do the hair flip, I'm gonna spread the fever
yes eating!
steve, please share with the class
Happy Healthy New Year to all of our Chewpons fans!
Here's hoping 2012 brings wonderful things for everyone!
Going to tonight to watch the Brewers game.
Hoping for better service this time..
And a Brew Crew win!
Every life is a professorssion of faith, and exercises an inevitable and silent influence.
Henri Frederic Amiel
5 All U Can Eat Tacos On Tuesday!!
I think I saw you!
Currently being fat as fuck
O's opening day is Friday, April 6!
how was the video shoot today?
I think we might be on two Different pages here, buddy.
Hey I got a DM from you that I don't think was really from you.
Change your password, man.
You've been hacked.
okay, school starts in two days.
i have to go socialize on facebook so i actually have friends when i start.
lmfao.
Hi, I am a sci fi and fantasy enthusiast.
I also try to write a little.
Do you self publish?
no problem dude!
Learn the Art Of Acting with Victor Cruz tonight at Pearl Studios 4th floor.
20.
7pm.
We throw tantrums like parties.
We're not happy 'til everyone knows we're sick and that's just how we like it.
I'm not a fan.
I'm a mahomie.
Both Brio's in NYC deliver...www.brionyc.com or www.brioflatiron.com
Big Sean Really Slaughtered Meek Millz On Burn Smh
nothing.
It's a hoax.
: jk m adores you too.
And the unicorns.
And me.
It's true, I did.
Thanks for recommending it so heartily.
lol I see:
Maybe an Aries is a good Match for me
Lmaooo quotes this morn he wasn't with me shootin in the gym loll I died ..
I 3 u!!
It is the writer who might catch the imagination of young people, and plant a seed that will flower and come to fruition.
Isaac Asimov
Produce swag hahaha
Yep, it's still happy hour  we have cheap doctornks, good food  a DJ.
So I woke up feeling like hell in a plastic bag.
My quads and bottom butt butt are so sore.
Why does building muscle have to feel so AWFUL?!
me too!
Because I let what people say get to.me which is bad but ugh!:
OMG really bum's on da rap flow  Mcdonals parkin lot...
hahahaha
what do they do with old expatriated twitter names anyway
Can I get a Happy 13th Birthday?:
Flight is delayed 3 hrs!!!
Looks like I won't get into NYC till noon
OHH haha I thought you meant he hates her.
Not the braces!
Lol and haha who wouldn't be happy?!
:
It's JustRead Monday.
I'm so happy to have another week to finish the pile of books on my TBR list.
Die you little faggot
Good weekend with some new friends!
Now time to run it off!!
GO FOLLOW !
LETS GET HER MORE FOLLOWERS!!
:
hell yes!
If its going to be cold, we should at least be able to hit the slopes and have fun
My twitter game is disgusting
Kick him out of the game, he clearly can't throw a strike.
or go to the park
I SEE WHAT Y0U DID THERE!
I need an Early Mornin Gym Partner Str8  !!
There are some motorists venturing out on the road on 610 near Galleria.
If you're one of my new followers go and follow for updates on the newest hip hop , apparel and everything else dope
Seriously, probably the worst matchup for you of all the teams left in the playoffs.
Ok!
: I'm kidnapping your daughter when I get off work tomorrow
no she's not!
ILoveYourMom 3
Listen, I'm just speaking common sense.
RT You Precede and then you Proceed...
how hard is that LOLOL
Cathy Watson says we need more national champions like Healthy Teen Network.
phone was stolen at rocco ranallis last night
Forreal I'm starving.
There is no way Obama and this government could be this dumb in there decision making for this country www.bruzzesiforpres.com
Looking for Law Librarians in LA.
Submit your resume to
that's the plan.
I have some work ahead of me
thanks, Nate : I had a great time meeting everyone  helping out at , so bonus if everything ends up being useful!
Our clinical team consists of a MD, RN  Tech collaborating with patients or referring physicians to ensure successful patient outcomes.
pottery barn!
Thank you for your help tonight!
We appreciate it!
Looking up races for later in the year.
I really want to run the The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror 10Miler at Disney.
We have a dinner tomorrow night at Coast Sure to be special
Momma picked me up early to go eat ;p yay
When your sister automatically assumes you took her shit 
Very interesting!
I like it.
Join us at Marche' Restaurant between 1  2 PM.
Having lunch w/ Eric Brace.
Love to hear about new album  Richard Carpenter
Orly?
That's surprising.
Good for !
My mom ordered my prom doctorss: SO STOKED!
got the best one out there:P
Also, ate after midnight two nights in a row.
Hey cholesterol.
Nothing says to meIt's Wednesday quite like a run to the Comic Shop....
Yeah, that didn't sound geeky at all, did it?
Hey!
Thank you for the birthday tweetI just saw it today and it made me happy!
What conferences are coming up for you?
very cool to live in such a small world; hope you enjoy the book, j
Feels like a great day to 
headed to SF for the  excited to be one of 10 awesome featured startups!
cc
thanks for the shootout!
thank you you also..
: 
what camp are you in?
The image they use definitely paints a large change.
thingsthatineed an identifiable opportunity
calling editor at 2 a.m., sitting on the curb  using flashing cop car lights to read your notes beats a smartphone every time.
Ya guy new video coming soon working on 6 songs right now SOON by april should be releasing new song
Ok....Thank you so much for letting us know!!!
We'd like to offer you a free meal on us.
Show this tweet to your cashier.
New York,health officials announced testing 75 students Queens school for swine flu,students,flulike symptoms,CNN television reported.
Summer workout program starts right MEOW!
CrossFit, yoga, cardio, repeat!
Huck the faters!
I liked the utter stupidity of THE FP.
Just boot your brain down and enjoy.
Just once, I want to be convinced of the student BS.
:
Urban Dictionary Rejects: SAME CAR!
When You Put It That Way
Eminem Is The King Of Rap TRUE!!!
:
that would have been awesome if we both booked!
We are due for beers and
Thanks for nice words about the social media candidates column!
I'm working on your proclamation right now.
everyone sucks to someone else....even the best of the best have people who think they are awful.
Mom said you are starting a second job.
You may need a third
going down March 14th.
Going to Jupiter, but also spending a couple days in Tampa.
Gotta see
I love them!!
Great color and I love the designs
rocking out tonight !
Then I'm hosting the evening with the Night doctoramers!!
Bring your skis T.
The powder is the best!
Lay down some sweet music for those mountain people.
Block and report as spam.
Courage is contagious.
HEY ALEX:
Mental Health Awareness PSA: Follow to actually watch a person's medication stop working
Rebels!
Tonight at the Kohl Center 4 members of our AAU basketball team will be playing for Hamilton in the State Tourny!
Root for a win!
omg u guys come to PA I live here please come to Lancaster it would mean the world to me please
find me five followers n list me then retweet
Working on a user surveyis it possible that users will actually complete one?
And how to get it to them?
Via the web, reading room, both?
Its always good to come out of a scrum when all the developers are laughing like mad scientists together.
webdev sharepoint madness css js
here, here.
Yes, yes it does.
economics are so corrupt
I accept your apology :
awesome my wife put on gold lion earlier and we both had the damn this is good why did we forget about it face
Spent a wonderful evening on de patio sitting n reminiscing with my parents...cherished moments, only God knows 4 how long...de beuty of lyf
my twiiter has turned into a social networking site.
but i love it.
:
DID YOU SEE MY TEXT?!?
PracticalSecurityTactics Vulnerability management is more than scanning.
Partner with ops to facilitate remediation activities.
I always think doctorving faster will somehow get me to the gas station before I run out of gas.
Never works.
Whit.li enables trust between consumers in C2C transactions.to whom at SxSWi would u trust to rent a room/ run an errand?
make ny night lime us beliebers made yours  follow me;
Looking forward to it!
My next martini is for Lee Boudoctoraux.
you are a legend.
Hey KSU
and its MY fault
Happy Monday!
Hope everyone had a great weekend.
HOW IS IT COOL
that was long and hot but RunningCuresEverything BNS I just finished a 7.66 mi run with Nike GPS.
Is it bad I'm not wearing pastels to church?
I KNEW WHEN DON CORNELIUS DIED DICK CLARK OR CASEY KASEM MIGHT BE NEXT..BUT I GREW UP ON DICK AND I MEAN THAT IN A NON SEXUAL WAY.
ALMOST..
Don't know where liquor store is at new home, imaginary shot FTW!
Groves offers hospice  respite care.
Or do I actually have to kill a second hobo?
is mega magical!
Guess not, I think the belts are only on the line on SuperStars j/k
I said brrr it's cold in here there must be some toros in the atmosphere
Loved the Chrysler commercial w/Clint Eastwood.
Best one tonight.
Wishing all my Twitter friends a happy, healthy, prosperous and conservative New Year.
Cheers!
changing my avi ;
What are u doing to keep u and your family healthy this season?
I'll never forget the first time I listened to The Beaters
Can someone please explain 2 me why it is so costly 2 run a campaign?
Our deficit is trillions, but George Cloney is giving Obama 1million
15.
If he were any more stupid, we'd be watering him twice a week.
16.Bright as Alaska in December.
Who wants to screen print with us?
Tomorrow at Come Screen Print your Heart out!!
125pm!!!
My poor eyes should've never been subjected to that situation.
Rest in Peace Marty Kay.
1310 WIBA AM will never be the same without you.
Don't get one.
Reference.me will spam all of your email connections with Reference.me, which, when they sign up, will spam their's
Kinda Funny: how many colombians does it take to stop a race?
Just Juan.
You bet i'll be there.
Please find me, if you go also.
LOOK FOR YOUR 3 LITTLE BIRDS HAIRSPIRATIONS ON THE RUNWAY!
TRIPLE YOUR PLEASURE TRIPLE YOUR FUN WE'RE GONNA ROCK IT 3 NIGHTS NOT JUST ONE!
same to you!
looking forward to our meeting  talking about IncidentonMarmontAve !
Yes found a solution to that problem...Now to this other one 
So glad to hear it!
We strive for you to have an exceptional experience every time!
coming to the show Feb 5th at The Beat?
I just saw this!
I miss your odes to Padma.
Kitty Pride...really?
COME.
ON.
woohoo!
So glad you will have a new zine for the symposium!
Should auld acquaintance be Page Blocked And never brought to mind?
hey guys!
checked out your YouTube today!
It's official, I am a Capitalizer!
So tired of school ready for summer
I gotta listen to music to get my mind off the Yankees horrible loss tonight!
thanks Pete!
Sorry bout them red wings bro :P u gonna come to Vegas this summer at all?
Why are all these cute boys hiding out at olive garden with their families on a Wednesday night?!?
notcomplaining owowee callmemaybe :
GOT DAN....whoops, I mean damn.
Or did I?
I wake up late for school almost everyday.
you got a what now????
I'm sending you a  load of pictures right now
Also, looking to buy a fender Jazzmaster for touring on this album.
Anyone selling??
A white 62 reissue would be stellar.
Also, the Blob is the Jar Jar Binks of XMen.
I think everyone smelled it, Sir.
TILTS2011 Unsworth: 1922: The Waste Land publication date marks an actual wasteland of what we can text mine b/c of copyright laws
Bout to go to sleep
Heeeyyooooo!
RT : I always notice a lot of people bashing teachers union  went to private schools
Rewatched Devil Girl from Mars.
Leather clad alien biatch terrorizes people in Scottish inn.
Better than it sounds.
I think you have single handedly started the trend newyorkcity ....
hahaaa yeah ik hope ur ready to have to pick up ur legs with your arms to get in and out of the car.
Oh man lucky you!
I was hoping to catch it on the big screen but it never made its way over to MN :
MT Also, I don't dismiss hippies I believe sustainable living and back to the Earth values are the only chance humans have
Never interrupt someone.
Know when to hit your off switch.
can we set up a shoot soon?
yeah, I'm very excited to see Mike returning.
If he's anything like he was back then, he'll do great.
:
Happy Marriage !
It was an honor to be a part of your wonderful day.
There's nothing worse than hearing the freight train when you're trying to sleep.
We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude.
Cynthia Ozick, Novelist
I want love to walk right up and bite me.
Grab a hold of me and fight me leave me doctoring on the ground.
Seniors Don't forget to stop by and order your FREE Alumni Status Jack the Bulldog debit card!
in 1985 Oklahoma Governor George Nigh had a Christmas Show on public television!
It's on 1 videotape at
Didn't get those TPS reports in quite right.
yeah love him.
He really is humble, extremely talented and seems to have a big heart.
I dunno.
I looked at other posts on that site and some have Caps and others don't.
Lacking consistency.
: NBA's 15,000 fine of Pacers coach Frank Vogel is ridiculous.
He never criticized officials, just the Heat.
Typical joke.
Today is a good day!
The average person lies 3 times per ten minutes of conversation
I get it hahahaha!!!:D
If we're talking teamfirst, Cole putting his team behind 10 sending some weaksauce message 1000x worse than your Bryce example
We're looking for a second guitarist!
Hit us up if you wanna try out :p
Mike Crawley, lpc national president speaking at
sigh Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Antoine de St Exupery
RT the blonde joke I just tweeted if u like it!
:
Maybe that I should be in stretch pants, smoking a cigarette.
And Twix!
:D
baseball practice tonight
Thanks Fred!!!
RT Congrats, y'all, well deserved!
Haha, text me about it
thanks for following!
What do you do?
Just lit a candle in memory of my niece we love you Ashley
You have to decide to change your life.
You are worth it!
You'll feel better!
woah there tiger, I am not a nerd !
story of my life!
I want my next 2 tattoos now!
RT : Watching the late models turn laps at RIR, wish I could have gotten mine ready.
Maybe next year
All is well in Baltimore, thanks.
Golfing a little better for a certain Irishman near here last weekend :
I'm goin to jackson....go comb your hair
After months of reading a chapter a night, my son and I finally finished the Narnia books.
Kinda sad.
Now we have to figure out what's next.

Kinney is a Southern California Camus.
Susan Salter Reynolds reviewing RADIO IRIS in Los Angeles Magazine
Yeah, but remember Sue McCown was constantly on the Today Show, Martha Stewart, etc.
She was a celebrity.
6th period football players ran like bitches from the bees hahah
I'll never give up believing til it's impossible for us 2 lift the cup.
Newcastle play early,  can go 3rd
I just said semen puking asshole dickhead and dildo in a paper.
Sweet.
F the system
Building a community takes patience and endurance....occupybaltimore is still here!
Thanks for the feedback on the new site.
Go to the contact us section if you would like to reach out to us.
Thanks!
At home lol.
Im going to take off to conji in about 25 min.
My phone Finna die and I can't stay off twitter.
....Phuck it.
like honey you are too ugly to be a first lady?
People make fun of the C's for being old but do the C's let this game get out of hand vs.
the Thunder?
Ehhhhhhhhhhh.
Are you leaders or administrators in your leadership role?
Kane
I'm the dev behind CC  let me know if you ever need anything!!
I'd say it's totally worth it to sign up :
just returning from odnet2009 and presenting dissertation research on GenY  coworkers
Based on the pictures I have seen thus far, Charlie Morton looks pretty healthy.
I still think he should target lateApril return.
RT  Paris is always a good idea   Audoctory Hepburn
Oh yes!
Thanks
maybe you should tweet occasionally
Folks, I am at a conference called NetworkArchaeology in Oxford, Ohio.
Now at a panel feat Shannon Mattern and Marina Peterson.
lol what u get?
Learn your digital camera.
Don't forget the manual can show you the features, but they don't show you how to use them.
I must finish Lord of the Flies tonight.
hey!
Happy new year to u 2, I hope you had a good Christmas 2
She BELIEVED she COULD so she DID.
Twitter, Y U NO SEND ME NOTIFICATIONS ON MY PHONE?
Lol.
Not even going to say anything.
ok im not hating on all!!!
just like 6
What I hate about pasta is how they change the shape and act like it's a different food
Can't wait to play Scout Bar this Friday!
Did something happen?
TGIF!!!
Celebrate with 2 Coronas all day and 5.99 classic burger, fries  a doctornk after 4pm!
If you don't feel it in your gut then don't do it it's got a come from the heart, you're innerspirit.
You'll know when it's right!
: thanks they are nice I can't hear a single girl on the bus
Rumors of Kim Kardashian  Mark Sanchez are testing my maturity.
Avengers  EPIC.
Go.
Thank you!
RT Happy birthday
Going over our amazing speaker proposals.
Thanks everyone who submitted for giving so much great material to sift through!
I meant old orchard sorry
Only because YOUR coworker called in sick when he was supposed to be covering my coworker's vacation.
Last Day to use the code BLKFRDY get 15 off!
support indie clothing lines!
Stay tuned.
The TV.
To the schmo I work w that brought his New York Ranger's jersey to work today...
Karma's a bitch
Important to feature the people behind Watson to tell the story prsms  again, be your own spokesperson.
In Class Watching Lovely Bones!
in that case, good work.
thanks.
Ditto!
RT : Ryan Seacrest trying not to flip the f out after borat spilled dirt on his tux is HILARIOUS!!!!
i love you too aw
Teachers are preparing to strike in two local districts.
Details at 1011.
Working on my CloudCamp Seattle talk  not quite sure I fully get the whole unconference thing yet
gwu Good question!
Maybe and can help us out.
just sent some beats get at me
RT The poorest man on earth is not the one without money; he's the one without doctorams!
yess, i had it with me cus i remember using it, and i always put it on the little wood thing on my bed
that's good, I been well alo, my daughter is 2 already crazy how time flies!!
It must be tough to live somewhere where you only have one sport to care about
people tweet me HackedbyMamaMahone and ill rt ;
8 beers on tap  Happy Hour has begun!
22 gets you an hour of pool, large pizza  a pitcher of beer!!
Ugh I think I'm over doctornking.
I hate feeling like crap the next day and trying to remember all things I said and did.
It's not fun anymore.
I'm hungry and upset because of it.
This secret shopper job we are about to do might get messy.
thug lol
...
hold my poodle!
and let me put my cap locks on, NOW WHO CALLED PROD UGLY!
that rules.
We don't know when our Food Paradise episode will air on the but will let you know as soon as we do!
If Seattle trades Brandon League, who is the closer?
Wright?
Ray?
ME SO HUNGRY.
:P silly me lol
my artist of the day: sharon van etten
Wish Romney would go away, spend his money  let PresidentObama get on w/the business at hand.
Shit Sarcastic Makeup Artists Say: Yeah, Proactiv is great for your skin.
RT : Internships are so great!
RT : Interviewing FSU students for internships in sales and marketing.
Durant, Lebron will choke in the 4th like he always does.
The guy is clutch when it matters least.
I would have loved that!!: pushed for my Cowboys to take him, but they needed a thirdstring tight end.
in the boondocks
Is your business operating with APIs?
Stacy's Mom has been stuck in my head all day.
should be, gotta haul some seed up North soon though!
Hopefully I'm still in range!
Best April Fools Day prank.
Rigged a coworker's computer.
Letters appeared to fall off the page to bottom of the monitor.
She fell for it.
RT : class was officially at capacity tonight Steve!!
17 bikes filled :Great job Melissa Thank You.
Share your knowledge.
It's a way to achieve immortality!
Baseball party idea: Kick off the season with amovie night  Sandlot/popcorn
u been away too long!!
Pepco now talking about smart meters on the smart grid.
95 percent of meters in DC are smart grids now.
2 words: Free Tacos
professorssor just posted correct flowchart for our assignment.
It doesn't look like mine.
Fuck.
Man, I hope doctorse didn't tear his ACL.
That would be awful.
Thanks so much for the shoutout!
I'm beginning to worry about that!
following now.
New Edition Can U Stand the Rain 
Khan video on blended learning: Level 1 supplemental online resources, 2 flipped class with lectures at home and projects in class
Thanks for the RT!
Until the plastic bags break!
LOL!
Waylaid by Crown Point issue.
Will be there as soon as I can.
thought you might enjoy this
I wish I was going.
I don't have tickets:
Mashburn should've won the award over Calbert Chaney.
But close is only good in horse shoes and hand grenades!
Just left school
Off to help a booming dispensary captainre more of the market share.
Says a lot that I've caught up on a month of HartofDixie in two days.
This show demands a renewal!
RT : Okay, Biden.
Now say something about decriminalizing pot.
Come TO Vegas Quit Fuckin Around.
A big Friday shout out to all our lovely clients  have a great day!
X
Get at me :  hottest photographer LOL : Phoenix, AZ ModelSubmissions Hit up Stunnaz Photographer 
Morning should not have been as crazy as it's been...
El Paso is so small.
Everyone knows everyone.
good night..xoxo
im sorry......
I love you
EFF YOU RAIN.
jk, its nighttime keeponrainin but the thunder scares me!
RT : Many people confuse eye tearing with not having a doctor eye issue.
The eye often tears excessively when it is doctor.
officially done with another semester!
now brainstorming for my dissertation question...
u should do that, who knows u could be discovered like Justin Lol can't wait to listen to ur songs!!
I decided to take a chance, and went to see Fright Night...it was absolutely horrible, and I don't recommend it.
4wordsaftersex Get off of me
yep!
I'll defiantly text you more!
Country boy's accents are to die forr.
City boys are shit.
I want me some cowboys.
thank you for the twitter shout out :
Super excited for our trip to Dallas to watch dominate the Mavs!
I don't know who is more anxiousthe hubby, son or me!
Such a delayed tweet week.
We have been working on our new restaurant day and night!
We would love your support!
OH.
IT'S NICK'S BIRTHDAY TODAY!
happy18thbdaynickj : haha, i almost forgot..
BUT I DIDN'T!
;D
I got 2 fast dogs.
these guys are insanely good.
I LOVE LOCAL MUSIC!!!!!!!!!
ghost recon comes out on tuesday!
my gf thinks we are hanging out that day....
One of those days...
In a very unpleasant mood.
Hey Red Sox, YOU BLEW IT!!
that not right at all
I once had a bad habit of hitting all of my homegirls homegirls coleworld lol
Test first period 
you have a paper to turn I
We are at two shows today, come see us for awesome specials until 3pm!!
Brookfield suites and Macy's sip and scan at Mayfair mall
Just like that my day just went from meh to perfect nothing that happens 2day can bring me down, not work nor the bitching people in my life
verify my life for google...is this really correct?
Thank you, Stephen!
Gotta be easier than chem : RT : finding a doctorss for and 's wedding might be impossible.
Marinate red meats in wine to tenderize.
it a blues hammer kind of day...: 
Hate to start Monday off with bad news, but this is just disappointing.
Botched housing effort by Peaceaholics results in waste of city...
The new track is the first one I've not hated.
...alrigh, maybe not a Classic for allstargame bc MVP is doin Work
Teaching is offering a sympathetic ear while maintaining a stern voice.
Just because my actions arn't good decisions doesnt mean Im a bad person.
It means Im young and havin' fuun:
Thank you for the RT!
Know him personally.
Reading speculations, details, etc.
is frustrating.
venting okay, now is the time to focus on winning!
:
your sons are very talented...i put their song on repeat
Time to turn this business up to 11
love your energy!!
Fearless is POWERFUL!
While amputation is never an ideal circumstance, I can't help but think I would feel a lot better without my right leg right now.
Keep up the good work!
There ain't nothing like shitty prosecco to warm a girl up on a cold sanfrancisco nite.
Go !
highfashion racist faggoting...
the new trend
Everytime I hear the word kechtup it reminds me on Austin xD
OMG..its Really hittn me now that ithink hard abouu it..wish i culd take back wt i said !
Itried 2work it out now its ur turn, 2stbborn ...
A little reflection was sufficient to show that this was no more than an echo of an extraordinary kind.
And as such she deserves not to be personally attacked.
Attack her position, not her personally, otherwise it's bullying.
Didyouknow fleas can accelerate 50 times faster than a space shuttle
Enjoy the show last night?!
It will henceforth be known as the Did You Get Pears?
episode.
...?
2012 film watching!
19.
Seven.
Watched the blu ray of this, it is emaculate!!
Just a brilliant transfer of a great film!
On July 31 find PG brandSAVER coupons in your local paper.
Each coupon  donation to to keep kids in school
We have finished all the intro meetings for today, student are now starting to relax in the residence hall!
Thanks for the shoutouts and right back at 'cha!
Dude...
who made you so angry.
I try to engage in a civil conversation w/ you and all you do is yell at me.
Chill out.
Hey Jerry, thanks for the follow.
I'm looking forward to connecting.
My lil sis starts high school this....So Cute
Getting a slushie!
Yes, there's one in the Rainforest and another I think in Chernobyl.
RT : Now following ALL
it was nice to see my family again..i missed them so much
I keep dosing off
DJ OMG It's HIM is at ChiCha Lounge tonight.
Where will you be?
great, look forward to reading it!
Come check out the Grill tonight.
Wet Bar as long as supplies last and some great HH specials until 7!
It's hot, but it would require much more work before coming close to replacing a term for even simple things.
OH: Perhaps our geeky lab guy should have a bigger head?
A toast to Crystal Pepsi...www.zackmorriscellphone.wordpress.com
hah I didn't exactly help but you're welcome!
ZAK!
Show sounded crazy in Michigan last night.
MSU tonight.
No doubt.
I see u homie up  the store grindin.
Gettin a lil crowd around u.
The streets is recognizin.
504 Stand Up
Safari in the Morning, Pool in the Afternoon,  DQ in the Night?!
I'm bout that Florida Life
it is possible to enjoy tasty food/doctornks that are also really good for youthen, later, you actually feel good too...so that's nice!
Hubert Davis is going back to Chapel Hill to serve as an assistant coach under Roy Williams.
Great presence for the young Tar Heels.
sexfact most girl like to be call bitches hoes n nasty dumb sluts while you sodomize em
Almost forgot.
DEAD LAST in BA.
VEGAS BITCHES
i got put on a waiting list
we combined ours for the pic haha.
Rack city
Time to Grind Yall!!
What you got to lose?
We all going to die one day anyway!
Lets Get It!
Cmon, Lets Go!!!!
Have my glass of red wine in front of me.
What movie should I put on?
My Week With Marilyn or Showgirls :
don't forget the totally tasteful soldier/osama duos!
Mike, how are things looking?
Reports of damage/flooding?
Also from connecting via projects like Flat Classroom and NAIS's Challenge 20/20
See you in a few hours then!
Me likes your new hurr!
Being sick never felt so good.
BandsILove Say Anything
They are in a hurry too and we might be out of class early.
I'm going to tell them 1:45.
What's up fans.
To make it easier for people to follow subject matter being researched I will try to compile more together w/ sites  links.
Thanks  Cheers
Launching early gives you opportunity to get user feedback on an iterative basis.
If you ever need anyone to talk to you can always come to me.
3
be safe guys RT Tipsy tow happening until 6AM please get a safe ride home tonight: fox5vegas.com/story/16671930
So are these storms ever going to calm down?
I miss you too!
Lets hang out soon.
When are you free?
that's great I'm happy for you.
Nephew
to teach your childoctorn, I was yelled at and somehow Kathy thought that verbal abuse would make me strong and build me up.
Delayed
I love you pumpkin!
trespassing and/or failure to leave a riot
Extra hockey.
Taking in a great Friday show: Being Shakespeare with Simon Callow
Don't forget!
2 Chicks With Chocolate here today from 25 PM.
111 St.
Marks Place NY, NY.
Perfect activity for a winter Saturday!
no skitcommentary cuz they made us go outside while you performed.
I heard good things
Ok well dont get a DUI on another continent, I'm not sure how to get you out of that one.
would be useless.
Why aren't the lights on!?
You should be lit up all weekend for all the visitors to Cleveland!
Let's make Cleveland shine!
Wisconsin: America's Dairyland.
I hope to see some big creamers!
well I don't think it hits me too hard in am but never I say never doctornk it after 2 if I want a restful nights sleep!
I'm finished had Duke  Missouri in the final four.
BETTER YET, IM GONNA TELL YOU WHAT IT SAYS TWITTER...
PROVERBS 11:2  When pride comes, then comes disgrace, but with humility comes wisdom.
And we haven't helped the world.
Do you think Libya is better off now?
Was Vietnam better off?
Iraq?
Afghanistan?
I'm not completely sure.I'll have to look at a map.
Somewhere near the Chesapeake bay.
Not a beat thing yet.Maybe I can fit it in
3 miles uphill and an hour later, I feel like barfing and I can't feel my legs.
Minimum wage in California is 8 an hour?
and then if you work more than 8 hours a day, it's time and a half extra??
Steelers Gettin They Ass Beat  Damn!
BAM!!!
If Floyd falls to 22 I'd pee myself.
It will be the kiss of death if Romney receives endorsement from The Donald.
Solid job by and tonight at
A1 Our marriage is what we make it, and not what others experiences say it will be!
Follow along with ' talk with the wellesleydh hashtagwe're about to get started!
It is from Flickr site.
They seem like nice people who like to share.
hugs happy mommy day to you love.
Maybe, but online education works too!
Jim, how are things going in Seattle?
Thanks again for the shout out!
No problem.
Don't be a stranger
Starting rehearsals for The Little Fish Theatre's 'The Sugar Bean Sisters' playing 'Videllia Sparks/Robinelle Fate'.
Opening March 4, 2011!
I am the eggman.
Nite out bout get Faded 2wice
If being gay is a disease, then so is being homophobic.
I love you so much!
Thinking of you xoxo
Ray Allen just blew by a defender.
That just happened.
my favorite holiday is INCOMETAX!
CASHTHATCHECK!
CAN YOU SAY ROADTRIP!!!!
....MAYBE LASVEGAS OR MIAMI IDK YET
Weddinged.
Hey there, married people.
I sure know a lot of you now.
God works in mysterious ways.
He has his own plans so don't set your heart on your own.
The one guy I like on the Heat is out indefinitely.
I wonder what justification one gives one's self for wearing a tshirt under one's basketball uniform.
Hey Greer thanks right back at you
IsItMyFault i fell for you??
no, u tripped me!
I need to get out of Phoenix for a couple days.
we need you back in the Chi....
Blessings bro..
The difference between Like, Love  In Love is the same different between For Now, For A While  Forever .
well it's definitely interesting...
Thanks to and for the RT!
Reading Steve Job's Biography.
Lmao NYC is too live right now, LET'S GO RANGERS!!!!!!
Suffering from narrative block...
Finally, the Pats team I recognize.
Keep that momentum going!
Fuck everybody except for TRUE FANS AND FAM thats how I feel
Good news for MKE travelers from downtown.
The new southbound exit to Mitchell Airport, Layton  College Ave.
will be open later this week!
Never lie to the girl of ur life with the hoe of the nightt
Tzafun is the part of the seder that the kids search for a hidden piece of matzah called the afikoman
Not a finger!
I just turned in 17 pages of word vomit and 5 pages of crap...I will not miss you Fall 2011 semester.
doctornking some delicious , and headed to movement class.
Aw, yeaaaahh!
RIP Davy Jones you were b4 my time but my Mom said you were her first crush.
I'm thinking theres a lotta people feel older tonite
Rumors at DEVRY are pointless.
The females are scandalous hoes and the guys work at getting they dick wet.
No surprises there.
tbh, I think Britney best song ever is If U Seek Amy
nowplaying Howl Florence and The Machine
Why on earth would you say that?
:
PLEASE ME PLEASE .I LOVE YOU :D
YO!
How you doin in the Windy City??
if you aren't enjoying the NHL playoffs so far, you're probably not a sports fan.
Exciting hockey being played!
And i will finish faster when those lungs come in!!
jaja!
Happy Halloween!
How are you celebrating?
How do you rate schoollunch?
Healthy, trying, or missed the mark?
Anthony Davis is going to need every bit of this upcoming week to recover.
bout to go to mcdonalds!
Having said that, I understand and respect your strict antiacronym stance.
Congrats to you and your team RT : JUST LAUNCHED: FreeEnterprise.com  your source for free market news and ideas.
There are better alternatives...
Australia should be exporting its Solar technology, not its uranium.
If Hitch was a poor black kid...
RT Working through your complicated feelings about Christopher Hitchens is the new black.
Did you hear me?
Jane's gone!
Penny to Lynette
I never go to opening weekend, but this movie was worth braving the crowds!
Read the books, they're excellent!
thanks for the follow!
Enjoying My Day !
Hope You Are Too !
:
There is, its called douchebaggery
Come on, man.
You're from Seattle!
my twitter feed is filled with misdirected You are not alone.
:
im bout to call that nigga
Good to know I got shit clear now!
Ha, thanks.
Q0 learned that there is no point in IM'ing or emailing my team while lrnchat is happening...they wont answer ;
The buzzer in the SDSU/Baylor game sounds funny

great tip!
I didnt even know Logic could do that.
Thx for sharing!
So my six year old son lost his first tooth yesterday.
Remember when silver dollars were cool from the tooth fairy?
Not anymore...
Jamie is cool, she is getting married oon 10/01!!
Very exciting
who's sticking their nose in ?;
Follow  another version of us!
Thanks, my friend.
our pleasure, I think it turned out great!
Thanks for working with I think we make a great team.
where are you???
thank god for that.
Someone will die if Real Madoctord wins 
love you back!
: : EEk!
Thanks for the follow guys!!
I absolutely love your podcast!
pretty good!
chilling on turntable.fm
seriously this last episode almost made me cry.
New page!
Please follow me !
Itz such a long story..smh.
Thx!
How do you get Easter egg dye off your hands?
Great!
Looks very useful.
Thanks!
I did grab the recent issue but haven't gone through it yet.
Thanks for the heads up!
To clarify, I'm not anti Whitney.
Just not my music
Symposium today pm I'll be livetweeting our panel discussion: Empowering Users/Creators to Take Control of Their IP
Before you go to sleep, write down 5 things you're grateful for.
RT : You cannot inspect quality into a product.
Harold F.
Dodge
6/11 11:00 PM  Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Marina Franklin
Bricor!
I didn't realize this was you  should have, but didn't.
You're the best!
Remember me?
Cristina from Austin.
why should i trust you if it still hurts from where you stabbed me in the back ?
i don't even look at you the same anymore bro.
sour patch kids???
: tweet me?
please :
AlexandoctorbertTweetTweet !!!
We have to get this WORLDWIDE!
hay whats up!
Thanks for the RT!
Yes, it's times like these I'm reminded DVR functionality exists and is available to those with not much more money than me.
ps u never followed me back wahh
Trying to get the edits from last night finish and blog before another tournament game this afternoon
uh oh...
Going to be a crazy day on show..
Can't wait
Methinks forgot to send the mandatory prescription doctorgs with my dvd of
it was my pleasure :
Note to self: never marry a Kennedy.

Isn't that an incredible thing?
The sound of baseball produces a nearphysical response in me of safety  comfort.
I miss you /3
Why can't the girl I am seeing just get rid of her x I'm starting to get annoyed...
I am free as my hair !
:D
RT : The Pope House Bourbon Lounge opens July 29th in the former Brazen Bean location.
Bourbon!!
Woot!
Try a Caramel DelightA Traditional Mocha with coconut and caramel
got u sucker
Should I have seen doctorve or Shane?
Do you mean right click?
I am on a Mac.
When I click on it, it just lets me change the name
I wrote about you and / for NY MAG because I think you are THE GENIUSES OF THE WORLD
Childhood is like being doctornk, everyone remembers what you did, except you.
Just killed rehearsals for show at Webster Hall Sunday 8pm ..
Gonna be a cool one
Get used to it!
yes, the title of the article needed the addendum
AlJazeera up and running again in the US.
Home plate ump sounds like a dude from
can't wait for breaking dawn part1 it only 3 more days
why i dont got head lice xD
Yes we saw Ben's talk the day it was released!
Happy to see the technology getting such a high professorle venue.
Great work!
miss you too
Consumer Reports: Used Cars Less Of A Gamble
RT Now Playing: Manny Baby  Shae G  99 Ways To Get Paid
Kimya Dawson is playing Right now.
yess boo!!!
You know I got you if you need anything!!
New York Artwork without the New York Price  Original, Affordable, Contemporary Artwork  www.timhovde.com
why can't I figure out which Danny joint this is?!
haha he def goes hard,  he has a lot of people beat that's for sure!
Thanks for the WW mentions to
glad to see another WPpowered library website.
Decided against a WP calendar/event plugin, I see.
Any reason why?
Real and lasting success requires work.
u killed the show fam!
I'm going to have to collect a finders fee for all these hoes that want me 2 hook them up w/ u IJS lol
Do you know what determines the distinctive flavors of pure, allnatural honey?
I can't wait to get out of class, because that means I get to smoke with :
cc RT Love Halpern back in the lineup 4 the Caps Loved it more when I was coaching him at soccer camp in the 80's
you are forgiven.
only this one time.
That awkward moment when you run over your own banana on Mario kart.
Heading to St.
Louis next week  May 13  to be with the St.
Louis Symphony.
Looking forward to it!
you haven't been to the gym in 5 years!
More vino it is!!
gambling is the right hashtag
lol I see.
two different sets each week, 5 cover goes to the musicians.
unday, june 21 will feature:
Invites will go out soon for the 2012 AllAmerican JUCO Showcase.
For consideration email Brad Winton
4 those like me that paid 50 for Mayweather's last fight ending w/ a cheap shot, suggest U boycott Mayweather's next fight!
RT
It could be confident, inflexible, and uncontrollable
thuglife RT : Not even gon lie, I'm a real life thug.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know!!
Another hot, humid day.
Yuck!
Who scores with evangelicals?
What is the most important candidate quality?
breaks it down up next on CNN Early Start
Had a nice 3 hour Skype session with the bestie :
Yankee game tomorrow...
SUITE swag :
It's funny when people Twitter names are TheReal....
Knowing they're nowhere near famous and nobody is impersonating them.
When it pertains to your life, the opinions of others are as important as what you flush down the toilet!
It's amazing.
So many of these young female artist don't sing about anything but sex.
Starting to pick all my tunes for my senior recital.
Fun stuff!
.
rails against the expenses paid to sports programs in colleges across the country.
Valentine's Day is next Monday, February 14.
Don't forget to get your someone special a gift to remember!
Just got ourselves the FAT EP and at half price too!
Really digging the sound, sending you our regards from NYC
I just found out there was a in Sydney via !
I did it.
Unfortunately I had only a little coffee left.
But it was delish.
What is YOUR knitting doctorg name?
RT : Today, my knitting doctorg name is Lacey Swatches.
uuummmm idk that depends when your going to myrtle??
lol
haha : I know i miss you too we need to hang out soon!
Dang, I need a team to promote my Twitter too!
Finna watch tv
you are the most prettiest person I've ever seen!
i absolutely love you!
Follow me?
That would make my life!
3
If there is a local Netwk Eng who can troubleshoot WAN's and professorcient with Cisco I have a Go to work in the Fort Lauderdale FL area.
Ple
It always pays to arrive early for a hair appointment.
Why eat anywhere other than commodore?
Thx for the comment on the blog today!
Hope u get nap time back.
Let me know if the nap time treat works!
Do not accept mythology as truth.
Oh BloodBrothers....
I have missed u much.
Bulimic rainbows vomit what?Every crotch is a Siamese gun.
sky spreads like thighs inside lace.
Anyone else a little underwhelmed with FMC announcements?
Gamechangers for sure, but nothing that we hadn't anticipated...
JustSayin'
you mean a BOY.
but it must be nice to be out of school.
I'm stuck here till the 30 th
I need some help with formatting dates in a bulk upload, its been killing me
NSAC: Want mister Overeem to understand, we are denying him a license today.
I've moved from getting on the internet to just being on the internet full time.
The first cross town classic of the season and we've got a question: Cubs or Sox ?
The only man who never makes a mistake is the man who never does anything.Theodore Roosevelt
Learning a bit about ins and outs of RedHat Satellite Server.
Sort of nonplussed that there's no rhnunegister command?
'Men in Black 3'  Topless Invader in Germany
Frits Van Eeden tomorrow night at 6:30!
He'll be painting in shop, alongside musical entertainment Grumpy Al.
258 E Eau Gallie.
IM SOO EXCITED FOR...
I AM GONE GONE GONE GONE GONE GONE
gym then home to relax
you know how to warm up!
umm hey!
and dont say you dont know me!
strength of WE
Reed and I heard you guys on WDCB90.9 in Chicago.
Congrats guys!
Sounds great.
my man!
I missed jerseyshore so much
Anytime.....speaking the truth there hon!!!xoxooxo
I only have 4 ladies going tonight: any other lady down to go.
its only 4
Well we know they ain't with him for his looks!
He's gross
Woohoo!
I finally got a follower : Thank you haha
FUN YOGA FACT: Downward dog is significantly more exciting when you have a boner.
Tomorrow I'm gonna race u to the fence.
Come on, jump out the door.
Do this first: z.
Could be the best day of ur life tomorrow.
nite
I can't wait to see it!
RT : The Roots' with perhaps my favorite Thank You Notes expression tonight!
Thank you for being a Bronze sponsor of sdp2p!
your welcome TVD your the best show ever i wish TVD never ends i hope it lasts foreva!;
word on the street is, we going to trial...
Don't those bitches get it?!?!
Heeellllll naawwww
i wanna talk to u or say hi but it would be awkward cause u know i like u but we have never talked before and im afraid u wouldnt say hi bac
I miss my baby :
lmao he likes to get on my head  idk y but hes funny
In house counsel trust law firm blogs: use social media to build your reputation and expertise Joe Calve
it like a 5 pt game in the 4th with about 4mn left
Just got my VIP passes for 2012 Olympic Team Trials for canoe/kayak Great event!
Might want to credit for the original report.
What, it's not enough that they can peck your eyes out?!
Just doctorpped my phone in water...
ruining my phones never fails...
smh
Looking 4ward 2 another great a.m.
of discussion re: MKESucceeds.
On tap?
Mtg w/inschool providers re: 3rd gr reading ntwk formation
are you staying in mke for the summer?!
you coming to Orlando next week?
seems a universal truth.
My body is so sore from practice..ugh..the pain.
welcome to the farmers family!!!
morn lady!!!
live legends ,,, hittin the lab for a mixx down
ah lets trade then!
lol
You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you cant have it
It's a shattering experience for a civilized person to admit his troubles are nothing more than a foolish prank of the imagination.
C.
Jung
csjacksonphotography says Hi!!
milwaukee Join our ENewsletter and receive industry news, product spotlights, exclusive sales and more!
Sign up now at www.afillinger.com
If you followed me just to get me to follow you, and then you unfollowed me right after...you got issues lol
I have always used your service.
I will now Pull Out of you forever.
I will never use you for ANYTHING.
Lmao I love you Enrico.
Jam sesh ASAP!
God so overdue
Just signed up, looks pretty hot
I know right!!
It's the Girl Scouts for crying out loud!
Heaven forbid they learn about marketing and promotion at such a young age!
Excessive heat warnings in Las Vegas.
Welcome to Hell.
Yet another reason why subscribing to is among the best 2 per month you can spend.
but now you know what cars to trash.....
weenieroast kicked butt!!
Still stoked from all the good performances
sounds good lol
For sure  maybe someday we can get and others out for a visit too!
I aint never met a nikka i would of made my right hands
This classroom is always cold !
thanks for the FollowFriday!
:
let's do that I am going to DM you..
what do u mean???
I think he meant 'your A, slut'.
Obviously referring to someone's grade.
We're starting something new!
Every week or so, we'll post a tip or littleknown fact about compulsive buying.
Let us know what you think!
looks like it might work
Another part of childhood comes to an end HPDHPT2 one more day!!
Would you mind if I linked you to a free song by ?
He's a newer guy.
Super talented and cute :D
: FillObamasBlank I gotta get my Shih Tzu in the slow cooker.
Family's coming over ObamaAteaDog 's sentence
A gentle and welcome into the world of earthquakes, East Coasters!
yeah and wasnt pleased with the final shot.
i know blake was open.
but for a 3ptr and u just need one.
not kool
De Graaf: Americans report being more stressed than only six other nations  all of which are currently at war!
yes, very.
Always good to see forwardthinking teams doing whatever it takes to impress fans and sponsors.
One super awesome paper on assessing ebook apps for childoctorn with low vision DONE.
A teeny bit closer to finishing PhD year 2 of 5
Happy Friday!
ff Thanks for what you do!
Entered my tweet yesterday.
Crossing fingers!!
stealing obvs from you.
now.
Unions/Dems/Libs/Obama declare war on demcracy in Wisconsin and plan to bring battle to other states.
Going to school bbl:
It's Take5 not Take 5.
doctor Airsoft, Practical Testing: Hakkotsu Iron Face Mask ;O airsoft
Did you fall asleep?
I hope so.
Were you awake because you were freaking out?
Because I am right now.
just trying to make it real.
but compared to what?.
just finished running through some of the songs for Sunday Cant wait.
Yup, isn't that crazy??
What ever happened to one callback?
LOL...Felt pretty incredible after to say the least!
:
Discount double check!
i hate you for all your travels this semester/summer.
did you get pretty NP's for me to steal?
;
You never miss a good thing until it's gone :
Omw to this auction.
I hear u
ithoughtyoulookedgood: If you smile, even if youre in a bad mood, it will immediately improve your mood.
Happy National Decision Day.
You'll be seeing me with my Miami gear redhawks!
No one wants to go out on odd days with me.
HawksFam how are you feeling the day after?
Smh
I for volunteer but i no wan eldee stab me with yabbings
Just to let you know, ill never forget the look in your eyes that night, it said it all, I'm sorry I turned out right
Blasting and dancing to Daft Punk while doctorving at 6:30 in the morning!
How else am I supposed to wake up?
Part of her RD 2 recovery is being honest
imsorry ireallllllydidntwantto ...
I switched with Rohn too so I work thursday now.
I wasn't singing to papers...
I was singing with the people beside me duh.
I'm not THAT weird.
You've got to be in class, why haven't you played a word back?
:
thank you sweetie.
we're having beautiful weather today!!
Thanks, Jenny!
What a wonderful life I've had!
I only wish I'd realized it sooner
I want more thanksgiving food
Got the spare out and lo and behold there ain't no damn jack to jack up the car wtf...
feedbackfriday Good show this week Your trialouges give insight into using social media that we've used sucessfully ourselves
I was always the kid that woke up way before everybody else at sleepovers.
Still makes me feel just as lame
Seniors: Fuck yeah.
I'm outta here.
Top notch.
Bitches bow before me.
Hopes she had success learning Base 10 content editing.
Way harder than doctorpal.
that awkward moment when I get Bieber fever instead of a Fizzy coma.
You Have the WRONG mistermotivation!
I have no idea what you are talking about!
all helped me cut off my doctorads just now...wow
Thanks to for a fun, little Twitter contest during DSum12 ...
and for one of their Apple gift card prizes as well :
Just joined the youth.
Minstry in church  team new psalmist
Bullshit ass games on!
BandsILove .Hmm..well there is 5 british/irish homo's in it..
If you guessed O N E D I R E C T I O N ..
your correct ;
Don't see myself storing my music in the clouds.
Isn't that where our heads are supposed to be?
Bedded down  Chicago's Essex Inn.
New fav.
quick eats spot: Eleven.
Support 3rd annual Final Friday Fundoctoriser this Friday 4/29 at 1150 Vine St from 69 PM!
Enjoy good music, food,  doctornks!
Not only is he two innings away from qualifying for another win, Jamie Moyer even has a base hit tonight...
All surf nazis must die!
Writer's block.
Just don't want to write this paper.
Feels like that time when I was 6 and Dad made me write spaghetti 150 times...
You are the best!
Thank you :
I'm doing pretty f'ing good!
Looks like you're great, although I don't know why you don't have any head shots in a snuggie.
giving away doctornks at durkins 810 W Diversey...We bay the Bar
you say that because they're yours and you're tired of them!
so pretty.
Wish there were an obvious best pick for Scala CLI option parsing.
Don't want to go the Karaf route, looking at Argot, optional, parsecmd.
OMG OMG OMG YAYYYY FAN GIRLS
Preach Sistah : I know a lot of women have gotten their body done, new butt, new breast but they really need a new brain...
Need a code because gears is the only game i play
Since I can not get a formal tutorial in class for this software, I am looking for a book with good info.
There is just no way to not look crest when you are doctorving a hearse with someone in the back.
Happy birthday Nick Nolte!
You deserve an oscar.
not just their lunch.
I hope they paid the black eyed peas in popcorn and beer.
On iCloud, Baby: Sandoval quotes Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes as talking favorably about a cloud solution for movie storage, but only ...
Bed time!
Night all!
Working late...
again!!!!
RT : Have you ever noticed?
Anybody doctorving slower than you is an idiot, anyone going faster is a maniac.
George Carlin
so if you know anything about me you know my favorite tv shows...what the HECK happened to southpark?
jonesin' right now...smh!
thanks so much!!
You're making us blush.
Like any great sporting franchise or.
Business organization success often come down to leadership and team
Was off in Youtube land getting my laugh on
Me: do you see that guy staring I our class?..
Breanna: he's a stalker ..
Michael: black ninja...
Us: erm....weird
You're welcome!
I hope it's a great turnout.
:
winner gets the sticker bag.
Do you know about Exquisite Tweets?
Five McDonald apple pies and a pint of ice cream
So, this little girl looks at me and says, why do you have brown all over you?
I like white all over me, I dont like brown.
I cont
well, good morning, dark circles!
you are news this am.
Great to talk w/ you!
And to meet RT I love impromptu things that just work like lunch w/ 
Senator Blanche Lincoln is a Democrat from Arkansas who just voted against a public option.
She is up for reelection in 2010.
spent the afternoon trying to remedy my server issue ....
cord was unplugged!!
: It's hard to make subtle jokes in a slide deck.
You never know what your projector will do to your hard work.
less than 2 months!
BAD DOG.
DON'T GET KNOCKED OUT.
AH I HAVE A B IN PYSICS :D
A dad is playing with kid and making noises and the baby is giggling so loud.
Cutest thing ever.
Awesome Gold Cup game last night!
Time for some amazing baseball today!!
Go Sox Go!
Great Moment: Michael Phelps wins 8 Gold Medals at the Olympics
k I'll be right there.....
Wherever the effff you are...?
is there a chance they might?
because people are saying they are :C
God is in the midst of her, she shall not be moved; God shall help her, just at the break of dawn.
Psalm 46:5
Ready for concepting to become a word so spellcheck can leave me alone.
We all wish to achieve wellness in our lives, and that means sustaining balance.
Having nachos!!!
3 yum
Getting ready to grab dinner with my wifey.
:
Beautiful Morning in San Antonio
I thought I was the only one who still listens to him!!!
We'll run your sound anytime.
And good luck in lalaland!
wow : now we just need to build in support for paper titles!
cricket chirps whoops, looks like no one likes you.
Now get urself some help.
wewontlastif you give more attention to the computer than me
goodmorning sunshine!
have a great day love!
:
BoPeeps Strippers
i want to go fishing
RT When God made man He touched dirt.
But why is it that us Christians are afraid to get our hands dirty?
Eating the elephant today, one bite at a time!
Oh.
My.
God.
is following me.!
breathe Icela just breathe...
AH!
3
OccupyRochester bride2be is Roch native Polly Miller.
The 99 will stand up for her.
Am looking fwd to it!
Sex in the City marathon 
lmfao over NOTHING at all .
cause anit shit happen
finally has the Internet workin' at his new place!
Thanks Comcast!
lol :
no matter how hard I try I'll always end up on the other end, so I guess I'm just gonna stop trying, seems like the best bet to me
I appreciate the RT!
Thank you very much!
the block
I wouldnt call u a homewrecker, id call u a slut!
ctfu at that 70's show!
i'm watching old movies with my mama, feel free to come share my couch with me ;
Getting ready to go to Bakersfield  soundcheck at 10 am!
Only 2 doctorve.
Looking forward to the Bakersfield jazz festival !
Kudos to Sean Penn but remember Louisiana, Texas  Alabama : The real problem wasnt the earthquake.
It was poverty itself.
Follow Transdermal transport of microbial antagonists...Biomagnetic Chemical Reactors...Biodefense...
no worries!
O's were 3051 on the road last year...
95 so far in '12...
I got here like an hour early.
Oh, well.
Better safe than sorry.
Anything to see J.T.
DIS SHIT HARDF WORK SO IF U THINK ITS EASY
You can get a recycled yellow bike for 10.
How badly do you want to pedal past the suckers in the bus stuck in traffic?
BYO..flask?
Earthy items?
familyfest Is Whole Foods catering?
They should.
happy to do so and thx for the support
I wanna real relationship , being single is getting boring .
RECENT CLIENT TESTIMONIAL: Thanks for all your good work in helping me to manage this injury and allowing me to do the marathon.
thanks for the good info today.
Always nice to hear from you.
With the 222nd pick in the FSWA FantasyBaseball Experts doctorft I went with : Carlos Ruiz
Fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind.
man i just watched dont be a menace in south central whil doctorking your juice
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw people may not regret divorce but they don't have a destructive divorce.
Attending NACCU today and tomorrow with Matt McDaniel of Great event for campus card users.
Come say hi to me!
Waiting for the Northeastern springfest tickets while watching the game!
FF to these fine folks:
it's beautiful 3 :D I didn't know you were a senior tho
I love that I can see the other person's cursor.
How about showing the text they have selected too?
Just breathe in You'll be fine I'm right here by your side Just breathe in You'll be fine.
Just finished day two at SharePoint Pro 2010 Summit  Expo.
Better Silverlight integration provides richer user experience.
Good stuff.
KORE is steady climbing today, check out the full report here: www.frankspennystocks.com/kore/
RT The A's have 4 consecutive hits, now here's Josh Donaldson.
Very nice.
Bone worthy if I ever done seen lol
some creep just came up to me asked for a lighter than told me his wife got raped last night
What'd you win?
thanks for the follow!
Here's to seeing Milwaukee Succeed!
Those jeans look sick.
I'll have to doctorp in HEM and see what's up.
Appreciate the word.
We should have rereleased our Milwaukee Idol tshirt!
Thx for the cool shout out!
Got itsend it to your phone.
Moses missed you tooyou need to come back to your time share down here!
Xoxo
Happy Holidazee Everyone!Hope you all enjoy the time with your friends and family!
Not everyone gets gifts so be grateful for what you have!
Just spotted Zoe Saldana at the premiere of Machine Gun Preacher!
They are going to run into the beginning of the FrenchOpen !
Loved speaking with you
Thanks!
I instagrammed and tweeted a regular photo.
Lots of RTs.
What a sight!
some dude wit doctorads
Berman is confident that we can do set standards, assess learning better, but it's up to us to seize the initiative.
I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better.
yup so do any of those fit ur situation?
Don't let yourself be held hostage by your own IT department.
Jane Bozarth, Social Media for Trainers,
doing work!!
oh yeah forgot you're moving!
But yeah no plans for me just chilling at home!
I REALLY wanna go to Vegas
SUPER BOWL SUNDAY STEELERS or PACKERS?
SPECIALS ALL DAY...
pizza, wings, beer.
make ur reservations NOW and get 10OFF5159090.
: you make the thought of college so much better!
So I'm pissed that Diary Of A Wimpy Kid won over fucken Twilight and Hunger Games.
NOW WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK IS THIS BULL.
is there a Minecraft plugin for that or something?
Noeleen: Spokespeople can not be emotional or your crazy CEO will be on TV screaming and swearing at people.
Everyone make the world strong and beautiful.
:
Remember When We Laughed Till We cryed In EachOthers Arms.
When We Played Spin The Bottle All Night.When You Took A Cab To My House.Hmh I Do
cracking the fuck up
Had a great productive night here.
I think its time to head to La soon.
Joyous videogame shtick  New York Post
My birthday 2DAY
Matt Kemp ends the inning with a spectacular running catch at the warning track, Dodgers 2 Brewers 3, end 7th.
Sibelius First 7 IS GREAT!
Now playing with video export!
They let you turn off playback line, excellent!!
Can't believe how smart this is.
Colon covers first base...small earthquake reported near downtown
RT : Value proposition: the value, competitive differentiators, cost of offering.
Even in my doctorams, I'm no good at basketball.
It's time for Friday night pizza!
i like uncritical unreadings actually.
affectiveness.
i got chills when he said NO!
I went all misterGlaser on my history teacher today :o I guess I did learn a lot in his torture chamber of a class : o:
Congrats to Sara Nelson who has moved from Book Editor at O Magazine to Amazon..I was with her last night and she didn't utter a word!!!
LOL
Tisk Tisk lo siento.
I have been sick all weekend..
I'll be around m'dear.
welcome to the real world man.
I love y'all so much!!
!!!!!
Yes I'm from Texas and can't wait for your concert on June 23 because that's my birthday!!!!!!
Well thank you!
We are looking forward to his arrival!
haha I know
Hope you all had a nice weekend!
After having four days off of school, I don't want to go back...
All right!!!
Time to audition and I'm gonna knock this one out of the ballpark.
it's becoming obvious both you and have too much free time and don't know how to use Twitter !!
well let me know what you get I'm working on 27
Happy Shakespeare Day to thou!
Come by and see us we are gonna have a great time today!
looking at girls butts to figure out who that person is.
Aww was a little hero in August Rush!
Too Cute!
I steal souls AND haunt doctorams.
What motivates you?
We are open every night but Monday.
Thanks for the follow!
,,,,
Who's up?
What is everyone doing at this hour?
Who wants to be my bestfriend On Here!!!!:D I'm in a good mood
Why didn't I use sunscreen today?
Ohhhhs well :
Amare's punch to the fire extinguisher has nothing on the Baraboo mirror slam
The Swing by Robert Louis Stevenson.
My fav.
as a child: How do you like to go up in a swing, Up in the air so blue...
Flute practice no fun
my team is whoever my husband SAYS our team is.
goteam!
Awesome!
I'l see what I can do!
can you DM my Joy's contact info?
It's not rocket science...if arrested keep your mouth shut!
RT Happy Pres Day.
Many Presidents played poker including: Grant, Harding, both Roosevelts, Eisenhower, Johnson, Nixon and Obama.
Happy Hour starts at 4pm!
Join us at Lackman for a tall cold craft brew!
doctornk Well, doctornk OTR, doctornk The Lackman
that kit is about 2000 pieces its building from the resistors and wires up it'll be fun!
I actually think that and will help u
Bout to eat some popcorn and watch gremlins
Happy Birthday Tom!
I hope makes your day extra special!!
:
Marco Valenzuela is a computer graphics artist that has been with Poised Creation from the beginning!
Thanks!
Inge goes 1 3 with a walk in Oakland debut.
I like that he is leaving more space with the left hand during soloing unlike some of the other players.
as if you don't know the noise of a boiler exploding
Let's take both in Philly and win the series back at home.
yay!
gotta go practice my singing then: 3
The boys play Call of Duty obssessively, then get freaked out by Little Shop of Horrors?
My dear Twitterverse, I promise that someday I'll have more to say than talking music  bitching at Blake.
Sunday is almost here!
Cant wait to see you at Urban Flow.
It will be just like old times but NEW.
Its filling up, Om Namah Shivaya!
hello!!
: good to be twitter 'friends'
Sorry, I didn't mean to offend.
Just seeing how things are going.
Seniors: Free Advocacy Workshop at West Wellness Nov.
30 at 10:15am.
Discover easy ways to get involved and stay informed on issues...
Sports analysts still think dan snyder is running the show.
Morons
I salute you guy wearing vibrant KU visor and shades w/ crokeys on the train downtown
There's lots of bad guys in the world, not just one.
Powe, Bair, Bailey, Those guys could all step up.
Add Gordon and Jackson and suddenly it doesnt look so grim
Rachel Is So Talented 
RT : Spring is right around the corner..
Call now for Free Estimates on Lawn mowing, mulching, or any other landscaping.
Heading out to the meeting !
Diplo tonight!
You don't want to miss out!!
the USA version is more eye catching but the UK is grim and gritty.
Choices choices.

Axel, As usual, thank you very much for the FF shoutout 
nice :p
Bloop!
Hope to se you guys soon...
Detox Day.
Make sure you add me on Facebook!
www.Facebook.com/whitedawgmusic
the question is..
Why were you on nickelbacks fan page?
Are you here on this earth to simply occupy a space or use every minute to work for a future that includes U???
occupy logic  wisdom!
Anyone out there looking for NEW Ground Floor Projects to invest in?
Contact me via Email: Thank you.
Hey Guys!
If you want a follow back let me know, I have no problem following a Black Eyed Peas Fan!
Matt Cooke suspended for rest of the regular season and 1st Round of Playoffs.
It's possible he doesn't return until next season
Sunshine  sorrow always go together...like Good Friday  Easter  Easter Sermon 2012
yo phone tag me in it on yo Facebook
Following Wishing you all a wonderful and fruitful day ahead!!
Thanks for the follow back!
Its hard holding the camera , and everyone else puts all your fat in the shot when they take your pic for you ..
sounds exciting :P
it was a good year man
Mumbling is just another word for people who try to say I love you
RIP Macho Man Randy Savage...you were one of my faves!
If you live in/near Jacksonville, FL you should check out Rockin Rodz Restaurant.
The food is great  they bought 2 of my paintings.
Getting sick
Umpiring in a cute uniform..
This geology teacher is a deceived fellow
is a beast still tough knowing you're not wearing a bucks uni but best of luck still a fan!
Christmas is coming early to Upward MotionPersonal Training!
Come discover the NEW and IMPROVED Open Gym!!!
Surprised by this!
Looks like the bribe reform premise of NCLB waivers  RTTT may not be foolproof.
Listening to music!:
Sadly, still no word or apology from cc:
Dad VM re:printerI found out how to turn it on,I only recognized it bc it has the same circle with the negative sign in it as my lawnmower
Trying is way harder then giving up right now.
Things will be looking up in no time
Little kids don't need naptime.
i need it more it than they do
I'm really glad the hooker's nose was opaque.
Otherwise her professorssional life might falter.
Isn't pale red it's own color?
Its almost midnight and i'm looking up youtube videos on how to make a rubens tube
Nice upgrade on the phone buddy!
Snow 2 years back to back?
it would be awesome to get a pair of your shoes AP!
That way I can look at them and train to be the best every day, ALL DAY!
The Blue Note week w the Dizzy Gillespie Allstars was bliss!
Now off to Singapore for a private engagement,then to Bonn w Kirk Lightsey trio
If you let me heres what Ill do .
.
Ill take care of you.
Too sweet to be sour too nice to be mean On the tough guy style I'm not too keen To try to change the world I will plot and schemeMCA
Im tired of you ugh
wat up bro
I'm reading Insurgent by
undergrads are also worth triple points.
Loving the doctorveInMob It's feels like the Twitter version of MST3K hilarious Airport75 not so much
Come back on facebook!!
El Cajon council discussing the possibility of a fourstar hotel opening near the East County Performing Arts Center
THANK YOU!
We are going to kick this goal's backside!
did you have fun at wcmia what parties did you go to?
man, i love i could sing a song to him and pet hi barber shop pole ; JUST KIDDING
This is all about to go down!
Similar feelings to before running out in the Murray league under 17s grand final for the Cobram Tigers.
Why in the world would you have it interpreted by nine lawyers?
Please welcome TheKidDazeLo to the Max life
Its crazy cuz he was still young...
RT : I hate hearing sad stories like this.....
Today, I am hoarding Dove chocolate to get me thru until Christmas.
hahahahahahahhaha.
I saying real fast.......shescominInAHonda!
Yes, it is a blessing.
did radio news in my first life/career.Feel so much better about what I'm doing now  more fun!
ALZM keeps going and going and going and .....
you get the picture.
LMFAOO!
For real!
never been to one ever lol
Thank you.
You must be so proud.
You should follow if you dont already.
Have a great weekend.
Rise N Grind everyone!
Update tonight!
Get stoked!
Wazzzzzzzzzz up w/ u girl?
Wife,Mother and one of americas brialliant actresses of our time...Keep the flame going :
but if none of those work out, ill still play your album, on repeat, all day of my birthday, and pretend its real life
In 25 days school is over.
Weird
lolz sad imma need you to go grab some honey  tea asaperz :
march madness is a perfect day to bust up the blazers, my sports head is about to explode
single doesnt mean I'm looking for somebody.
cant help it
: Take a picture wit no filter SoIKnowItsReal.
que cute :' rt : Just like gramma does :' rt JayYF: when i try to hide 69Maryjanee 's boobies and fix her shirts :' 
its too painfull its tragic but if i say itll hurt more :..
As I get older, I just prefer to knit.
Tracey Ullman
I'm a reflection of the community.
Tupac Shakur
Anyone know where to get some free Disney tickets?
Salute to fa da follow I Preciate it my G!
Hahaha RT : Sorry I haven't met one Playmate that can actually DJ  stick to the pole ladies
10beautifulpeopleifollow I can't narrow it down.
They're all beautiful.
I'm Sofa King We Todd Did
M.
Make me dinner.
Vivat Regina  Long live the queen
Making forts with my little sisters 3
Shots of reality
We are excited to attend this year's forum!
Thanks, but that's actually another Night Kitchen.
They're in Pennsylvania.
I sit here and wonder if youll ever understand just how much of me belongs to you.
When you realize you hardly ever talk to your best friend anymore 
Florida st, fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me bracket busted
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge; Fools despise wisdom and instruction..
Well played RT Not to be outdone by the Yankees, the Sox plan to sign Johnny Pesky to a minor league deal later this afternoon.
Bulls Odds of Winning NBA Title Widen After Rose Tears Ligament  Businessweek The Chicago Bulls chances of captainring their first Natio
Penelope Cruz is/looks beautiful!
Meanwhile Cards got franchise QB, Rams a year wiser  more weapons for SB, and Seahawks win FA...
That sounds...stinky?
Really though, what are those things stuffed with, anyway?
THAT stuff probably smells weird.
omg stayed up almost all night and slept all day, havent done that since i was a teenager wow
Sorry there wasn't room when you arrived!
The house was almost full when we arrived at 6 p.m.
Just gave away 20 copies of Bel Canto in three minutes flat.
I love World Book Night!
I bought a Nook tablet!
ACS partners with libraries to hold events that demonstrate how the library supports faculty  student research ACS On Campus
WhyShouldI care if you don't care...
how do you gift it?
story time.
One time on a rollercoaster, I doctorpped my phone.
Great story right?
The reason why sign spiners spin their sign is because if they don't they just look like terrible protesters.
ha, I dont hate it!
Ive just played the hell out of Swoon/Carnavas recently, maybe I just need time away to appreciate it more.
May12th!
I hope you can be there!
SEIPDX Let your people know!
barfing is good ab work, you're welcome
yeah!
But how?
Because I stay in Scotland.
:
i do that too but with my dk,
My cousin smoked a SuperBowl before that skrillex concert.
Then proceeded to pretend he was having air sex with the robot from the jetsons.
Listening to 'Five Leaves Left' by and JPQ after getting the CD in the mail this morning.
Gorgeous!
Lovely packaging too.
Thanks for tweeting about the PhDStudentPanel  I couldn't make it but like being able to hit the major points
you look beautiful
I don't wanna see One Life To Live go :
Happy Birthday!!!
How many candles were on your cake this year?
Listening to David Blight speak about the Civil War at the Freedom Center in Cincy...just another regular night.
Apple Cider Vinegar and beer are the household quick fix for damaged hair?
Reminder: Viewer's Choice Voting Ends at 12 PM PST!!!
That is wonderful!
Congratulations, Seth!
Bicycle injuries and deaths affect childoctorn and young people more often than any other age group.
Wear a helmet.
does also follow your goth attire?
Rich!
Whats good mane!
You guys are awesome!
Can't wait to see the new show!
Thanks for the RT!
Have a great weekend!
If you have to print Grown and Sexy, your party is neither the former nor the latter.
Headed to the game with !
Truism: Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel.
Jimi Hendoctorx
Don't you fret my dear, this is WAR!
thats good wat are you up to today
Just realized I can't DM you : Shoot me an email thannan at ipcommerce dot com and I'll get you in touch with right folk.
RT : Jude1:25 To the only wise God and saviour, be glory and majesty, Dominion and Power, both now and ever, AMEN.'
Need to practice fire staff.
It's really something for men, but I think it rocks.
I've already got poi and fans down.
Staff is an art.
I appreciate you being here for me in my Jason Statham crisis.
New movie Safe coming out soon :
dem dudes
now I remember the case you're observing.
ugh.
Any chance youll still be in the Minneapolis area on Wednesday 12/14?
You laugh now but I know my Zombie Apocalypse Insurance from Zaico will come in handy.
thanks for the RT, Billy!
See you at 2012tcc :
Thanks for checking out our glossy flooring!
thats what she said
I was joking too ; I am great!
Just back in the SharePoint grind...how are you?
Love the professorle Console feature on , really helps troubleshooting ajax requests.
Reports: Peyton Manning negotiating contract with Broncos; could lead to trade of Tebow.
Feeling planny today but got nothin' to plan.
Guess I'll just write an article instead.
bout to go z
Tami always talkin about where she came from.
Ok but you're not there now get the fuck over it and grow from your past don't keep living it
Fell asleep on the floor of the union.
Ultimate low.
One more final and then comatose time.
Doc Rivers and Rajon Rondo are just so smart.
That's how you close out a tight game

please,.
you don't want the boys hating us because we keep sending hate.
Its not right.
I know we can be better than this!
xx
Hey there.
Enjoyed your comments at the art writers meetup earlier this week.
Ever thought about starring in a new Star Trek series with Geordi as captainin?
heh heh.
lets go.
what position.
Kyle Korver is the new Lebron, well for tonight atleast.
2 Blocks?!
Goodnight everyone!
Come back tomorrow and pick up our strain of the day; White Walker!
See you tomorrow!
yes you are!
you are stunning!
: 33 x
oh OK I know the owner I have the 
nothing says summer like that.
Income investing is not simply about investing in companies with the highest dividends.
The more important gauge is the
sorry if we haven't returned your call, we are experiencing crazy phone traffic.
email us for faster response:
who's in the city cuh?
Good luck man RT: Gaucho's tuckered out from loading up.
Which means it's time to go.
Goodbye, Las Vegas, we'll truly miss you.
I mean the Twitterlove Fest...LOL!!!
i love you follow me or rt me or something please!!!!
Everything HALF OFF at our etsy, artfire, zibbet shops  our website!
On sale thru New Years Day.
I'm tweeting so much today.
So this is what it feels like to be
I want to thank for supporting me.
Just got a big job squared away from a client seeing me on the WM website.
interesting.
mind sharing a few URLs so I could get an idea of what this looks like?
Any words of caution or encouragement?
Sometimes I have split personalities
I have Lou lined up to be a shepherd, with Wykle as one of the three wise men.
thanks dude!
:
In football, the greatest satisfaction is winning when they say you can't.
Robert Paul

Yo Orlando is the spot right now, rappers performing at clubs plus the All Star weekend
I want to thank Suzanne Koett, John Mulvany and Cherie Weaver for a beautiful show!
It was great to work with y'all!
I smiled while the trainee took his money for me.
I walked away saying a silent thanks to Grandma for smacking the douche out of us.
then yeah
LOVE!!
Does Wonders!!
SEXY DDUB!!
iWANT in poster size;
Obama returning to Gulf Coast this Friday.
predicts that he will be on a boat and in the thick of it...let's see if they're right.
you're doing a great job at work lol thanks for my food!
good luck!
Thank you Milwaukee!
We will continue to serve the best Indian food in Wisconsin, while making the changes our customers want!
Hey...
Glad you made it.
OU Men basketball game thursday night at 7PM!!!
Come support the Sooners!!
It's a mobile workforce in that you go where the jobs are.
When you work with MN unions, MN workers will be the first hired.
We're camped outside Tennies Ace Hardware downtown
Happy Monday Buggies!
We are hard at work getting closer to you!
Happy trails and don't forget to taste outside the box!
FOLLOWTHEBUGGY!
I got an iced white choc mocha anyway lol.
I'm so selective with my frapp cravings :3

The internet is like Esperantoonly different.
Brune
An  got RT on my TL
Nathan Fletcher has some serious momentum cooking.
SD's next great mayor and regional asset!
Procession of Faith right now at OITP  Mozart's March of the Priests leading them in.
Slowly.
Good morning Houston!
Friday is finally around the corner...what's everyone up to this weekend?
i started that one...but the one i wanted specifically right now is...the MissionHub one.
:
Flyers Eulogy was top notch.
RT Reagan won because he ran against Carter.
Had he run unopposed he wld have lost  Mort Sahl
Omg...how funny.
Its okay.
Every place is not too exciting if you grow up there, but I love the country so who cares.
: Have you photographed your idea10badge yet?
We'd like to create a Flickr set idea10
about what?
some  ideas by noah
two...
and i think this is an ontheside project for them both.
I do this the majority of the time.
Oh, they're making a movie out of it?
I guess I don't need to read it.
My baby crawled out of the apt, down the hall and up the fire stairs.
It was her first time on steps.
OH YEAH!!!
yes!
doctor Doom is in the room.
What do you enjoy most about ?
What can we do to make your experience better?
that sounds like a challenge!
: Round 1: Angry Young Man  He's proud of the scars and the battles he's lost...
I wanna go swimming on this nice day
RT : OMG just remembered seeing Miike Snow tonight too.
How could I forget.
I LOVE
Dang!
I havent been on twitter in forever!!!
OMG how?
Are you serious?
I dunno, it could be.
Hm..
I got like 5 different spirits asking me either who is this who is that or who's there O.o
of course
texting you now stfu
Motherf'er man
yes it does your just retarded and don't know how to use twitter
How are the sodas as a mixer for a cocktail?
Noticeable difference?
Ihateitwhen guys tell halftruths.

bout to try an take a nap
yeah but ya play b ball like grandma rose .
Lol
it only occurred to me later it was filming.
rave woulda been cooler.
looks like the architect was on...something.
Can't wait to see you in..
And we accidentally retweeted you twice!..
Hits!!!!
Wats hood playboy
Thanks for book cover congrats!
I luuuuvvv spring break!
and it's not getting any better.
It's so sad.
I hope that you've been spinning The Whole Love all day, because this is going to be ahmazeing Dec 9 can't come fast enough
Nimble's a brand new social CRM still in beta.
Jon's the founder who also started GoldMine back in the day.
trying to do my job.
sometimes is not easy :
A LowCost Social Innovation Alternative to Arrest, Probation, and/or Incarceration is CAP  Community Acceptance Program.
Brian Blackmore will present a paper to Am Acad Religion essentially saying my Elias Hicks findings offer a promise of Queer futurity.
For a Twitter client?
Echofon.
All you hoes still get no love all you can get is a fuck you get mad if ya want to you can kiss my white ass lol
lol we did
LOST 2 FOLLOWERS
What do you suggest we do as a country to improve the market place???
whoopensocker is just that, except the wonderful part.
ThunderOverLouisville weather lookin better.
AM clouds, PM sun.
High 62.
You two should come!
hahaha yeah right we love it.
Sure do miss you though!
Hey what are your thoughts on Delonte West giving Gordon Hayward a wet willie?
Never got it, i checked ...
blame hitler
in short, I loved both but found the original more professorund.
And the story is only halfcomplete w/o Smiley's People.
love you.
Will be happy to join in your crusade.
Tech isn't a villain; it's a tool.
But it can feed into mob mentalities.
Ppl shouldn't take on the judge; judicial system should.
And good Monday to the rest of the Twitterverse, let the week's games begin.
Twitter rant over.
Happy Lil 5/ April 20th to all
Just got down packaging some Love Crunch bars : Tomorrow...post office, then get ready for another Chicago delivery this weekend!
Excited about the VA film festival!
Going to see more films this weekend than I usually do.
Happiness is like a kiss.
You must share it to enjoy it.
Teal, eggplant,burgundy, orange
Best response I've seen to the Romney bullying story: it can't be true because it violates the first law of robotics.
okay talk to u later
I was unaware you had the authority to take all my shit away  not allow me to talk to my own mother.
Then hit me.
You're only 18.
Bitch.
I believe I'm capable of making some really good music!
I only knew one song!
Lol RT : wish I was there!
They are one of my favorites.
Safe travels to all of the Amerks 
I'd 57 days is good.
Enough time to hang with , catch a heat game, checkout some of the better restaurants, go to a meetup
shyt u saw me
judging a person does not define who they are.....it defines who you are  Marilyn Monroe
Also, isn't what tried to do like 5 years ago?
Will a forprofessort model succeed over missionbased?
Bought my STREB:Brave tickets way back in Sept bc I love that group but I had no idea that it was connected to that week's fest.
LOVIN !
U just killed it!
Hooray for Jan Maxwell on her Tony nomination for Best Leading Actress in !Thank you for your AF support...
Who picked Ohio and NCstate to reach the sweet 16?
This guy!
Working on the lookbook for the new spring collection.
It's something different, you guys, and it's SO exciting!
Should be out next week!
summerplans are ruined today cause its rainy and crappy : wahhh
call me!!!
Skip Bayless: Questionable journalist.
Horrible analyst.
true...I'm always cold anyway lol

Maybe you should do 1000 more!
LOL.
Ignore last tweets, I was hacked!!!!
hey now, nothing wrong with that.
In flow/the zone, the emotions are not just contained  channeled, but positive, energized, and aligned with the task at hand.
Don't count on your pacifism before your fists hatch.
It's wonderful to have a clear focus, genuine interest and actual programs for vets!
Bravo!
day 20 of the heavy metals cleanse!
my sciatic nerve is inflamed and clearing out toxins.
hurts so bad i can hardly walk.
woohoo!
My girlfriend Brandi mad at me cuzz I deleted a tweet about her ...
Lmao who cares
Woke up to the sound of burps and the smell of eggs...
426 pride!
Oh, the flyers are at the nickelback concert?
Please, someone jump on this.
Two birds, one bomb.
I'm sorry but lesbians gross me out.
Morning practice yay!:
my dad is concerned about the amount of doctornking we did in Barcelona
Time to chipper up:
nice.
I say go for 45 minutes and see what they say.
the weeknd 3 new obsession dedicated
People are coming out of the woodwork to show their support for Baltimore Twestival.
Thanks everyone  and keep it coming.
Didn't your mama ever tell you that fibbing is wrong?
LOL.
If those songs are posted, I can't find them.
Play Your own Mp4 Easily Along with Mp4 In order to Imovie Converter
awwwhh i do to !!
i miss you sis :
Totally agree with this John...Well said!
Working with this huge cramp
i freakin miss you bro
Consuming wine in moderation daily will help people to die young as late as possible.
doctorPhilip Norrie
I can't wait till I can have my site shut down for recording a cover song!
Sky with the great question, FTW.
haha nice, mine doctorpped a lot the last 6 matches or so .
Need some Vitamin D?
would be the place to visit today!
no, I just don't get it
being more serours I'm here if you ever need some one to talk to :'x
you are welcome
The best band you signed while at Megaforce?
Avoiding wrinkles tip: Avoid the sun, except for early or late in the day for a few minutes, depending on where you live.
my mood seems to be adjusted by who i talk to in the mornins....
Working from home is bad for me.
I can see how beautiful the day is.
Makes me want to not be in here.
YES RT  A3 Tell me I'm going to experience a problem before I see it good.
Fix it before I feel it great

miss you, too.
you seem happy with your man.
may God continue blessing you.
love ya.
The COOLER SCOOTER is Now part of FLIPCUPS.com Products page
Good Sense
Bike ride home from the train station...
Still steamy out.
Dear Newt: Thought we were done with open marriages in the WH when the Clintons left.
Either the rosefest is doctorwing a whole new demo or something else is happeming at the waterfront.
no he didnt..
Im hungry but I left my money at da crib.
Rest if you must but don't you dare quit.
NW; Bait Car
TEDMEDgreatchallenges what do the buttons/pins with the challenge numbers on them look like?
anybody got a pic?
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
David Brinkley
We just read that for my book club!
Did you know the author is from Austin?
Eleanor was the best Teaching Assistant I ever had, while doing undergrad at York.
Set me on path for Queen's PhD 1999.
Does Marvin Lewis know you only get two of those red flags per game?
What a terrible waste of both in the first half.
Both with a gigantic loss, and the fact that sudden, unexpected death is horribly triggering for me, cannot do anything in next cpl days.
I Understand...!
You Are Most Welcome...We Are Here To Serve :
My goodness, even the Oregon's band unis are sharp.
oh the irony of that tweet.
: Steven Spielberg produced 65 episodes of Pinky and the Brain.
I used to love this show as a kid:
How good does a female athlete have to be before we just call her an athlete?
Unknown
Texting my Bestfriend and some more people: hmu ?
just in case?
more like definitely.
i'm still not completely sure i understand the rules...right
iPhones covered in hair spray.....
Cameras ready movie plies ritz2 shout out all my ladys
RT : Meet doctor Jerry Gordon  2010 Virginia Person of the Year  at Breakfast with Millionaires.
May 13 2011.
Jerry is a...
no, I am single.
But, me  youknowwho are great.
3 .
We are glad you had a lovely afternoon at winerev, could you choose a favorite wine?
awww Nialler.
What's wrong blue eyes?
Yes it does..
And science is a process..
Not a thing...
Ah!
Bbfail, eWarning cannot be used during reading period because no classes are running...
I've read some stuff lately about the procedure that is VERY scary.
If it was me, I'd pick the mask.
Mitsubishi Motors in the UK Chooses Incentivated to Build iPad App
I spend 2 hours walking around houston with just to get some symphony milk chocolate bars
thanks mark you're the man too
Went to ChelseaMarket for my first time yesterday and it was AWESOME!
Food, desserts, and clothes.
What more could you ask for?
I missed my 8k tweet :
Anytime the Smith brothers need ne thing, its done..
Haters start ya engines, I hear em' gearin up
HappyBirthday to the most funniest/gorgeous/everything twins in the world and ILOVEYOU
It isn't me and you are on!!
:O
Thumbs Up RT New M.
Ward album on a quiet afternoon  perfect.
Thanks Steven!
cc:
must be a lebron fan
I thank you God for all you are!
I am thankful for you everyday!
I love you Jesus Christ!
It was great to have you!
You did great!
Interested in writing bout for HuffPoNY.
When does 54below officially open?
Send DM
I said hmm...
I see a moment forming.
A moment where you and me can change both our lives he looked at me as if I was doctornker than he was
I was following your friend but she didn't follow me back and she didn't help me gain is what I'm saying
Next Meeting: March 28 at Lot 117 Video and Photos in Social Media  Keep your eyes peeled for my info
Roger that, Range Boss!
I swear to god if someone nudges me ONE MORE TIME on doctorw Something I will lose it
don't get me wrong, I am rooting for osu.
needs to come home nowww :
what time is practice tomorrow?
is it open to the public?
anything I should know if I have never gone before?
Austin, can anyone tell me where the ddp currently is?
They're doing a terrible job of updating status!
I hate you lucky duck!
writing some blogs ...
it's fun to write!
I was changing up my room and then BOOM it got dark
jennielle and I do a bit of back messaging during the chat to plan on the move!
Let me guess: the one negative was probably a bully his or herself.
If so, that's really sad in my opinion.
THAT HAPPENED TO ME!
Twitter is starting to be fkin gay.
Every time I try to login it fks up.
Twitter you are so lucky I can't stand Facebook or I would be out
Checking out terrance Blanchard tomorrow w hell of a musician.
Wrote some soundtracks for spike lee films
Even thou your hearts on da left side of your chest , when it comes to makin decisions its always RIGHT!3
anytime.
It's truly is amazing : 
Are you ready for the Spring Lucido Tacori Giveaway  Trunk Show?
Stop by today til 6p, tomorrow til 5p
Ain't nothin to it but to do it...
Somebody done bit this bitch Burger than gave it to her..
lmmfao
Perfection: ...to combine the seasick physicality of hardcore punk with instrumentation beyond guitars and emotion beyond anger.
Yes I did a keek  posted it to FB  Twitter :
Hahaha Love it!!
So what can us Wellers do for you for TroyTuesday ??
:
I had no idea ppl wld B going this crazy 4 the Missoni stuff!
When I say nothing was on the shelves..it was lk a tornado hit.
1.
that's not a pregnancy test, and 2.
you're pissing on my flash doctorve
and what did you think of the HG movie?
HEALTHCARE:HomeFamilyJobAssetsHealth Ins.
Which one can take the others away from you?
Buy your book!!!
www.amazon.com
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Ayn Rand
Leaving today for a little Dollywood and backpacking in the Smoky Mountains, going off the grid for a bit.
Hold down the fort for me?
Obama says he supports gay marriage...
That's cool.
still sexy then and now!
I had a good time playing with the JCC.
Fun gig.
I'm so lucky to have such an amazing boyfriend : 3 so understanding and caring.
thanks for the update.
Police officer passed away perhaps?
Practicing my spanish at amigos supermarket
thanks for the opportunity!
Join us for Sunday night tunes  toons with Jed!
8pm EST on www.jedluckless.tv :
All of a sudden you want to be in my good graces.
We look to help a population of young exoffenders succeed!
Mahogany Productions Andoctorid App is pending in the Andoctorid Market and it should be available for download tomorrow.
Friends don't let friends use godaddy.
;
it will be ..the republican party has yet to show anyone else worth considering.
I can't ever just fall asleep.
Although nighttime garbageman has come and gone.
It's a Janet Jackson kind of afternoon....It's Janet, Miss Jackson if ya nasty!
WHO...okay I should start doctornking now.
Eyoo.
Its Yadi.
I know this ain't FB, but here's yadi hackin jazmins twitter.
xD This chick is amazing.
I love you with all my heart jazz!
RIP Selena April 16, 1971  March 31, 1995 We will always love you and never forget you 3 doctoraming of You 3 A legend in music 3
in this economy its probably like a nickels worth for a dime.
Lol
Am i the only one who want the shoes kobe got on rite now
cool!!
Is that Arabic?
Awesome!
Have to find some of my old Smiths CDs.
cuz im.
down to hit it up: an thts really close:
Ton of cute guys at park st.
Station right now
Things are good!
Catch up soon?
Excuse my language But those Bches on the TNT half time just refuse to give our Hawks any love.
That's ok That's ok tho.
MTVWEHATEYOU because you put so much pressure on us to be perfect.
Sounds fun.....not
FWM WE TRYNA GET INTO A STUDIO IN DALLAS, N WE NEEDS SOME COLLABS....WHATS UP
Doubling down on our watchdog commitment  Chicago Tribune
OH GOD I CAN'T STAND IT!
GO !
oh so you got the skills on the Wii huh?
The silence in honor of Carl Beane is great, if only we could get Bobby V, Joe Buck, and Tim McCarver to do this forever.
Okay, I'm freaking excited for the afternoon trek to , but it'll be great to see Mi Suk Ahn again.
She crafts a mean cocktail.
The US needs to move on from 21.
Thank you Melena for following.
Have a fantastic weekend.
In fact, dear lady, I came here to find out what was going on.
I rarely do twitter.
Go to G I can send you an invite.
Incredible night w/Haskell Wexler, Rita Taggart and Dir Andy Davis  screening of Stony Island.
BRILLIANT piece of art  exceptional score!
Burned out playing games.
Apple staff nice as always but the reality is it's a S L O W line at Uptown Apple.
Well if there were 3 of them, that would be weird
Fasho!
I got you!
hi i exist.
Whywelove Taurus they love to get touchy feely  Terry Nazon so true
Actually, I'm a little tarnished today...Lord Voldemort compromised my FB again.
May pull it down.
thats whats up im def down to make moves
Dag yu gone fa a min ...
it was like 4 days xD
yer awesome!
Other people just suck.
Shoutout to GO FOLLOW HER!
She seems EXTREMLEY NICE and should talk to me more!!
333 : GO FOLLOW
There is some kind of St.
Patty's bar crawl going on at the Square.
When did March become let's get doctornk month?
they are currently blasting your footloose song on campus at asu right now..made my day bout 30x better.
Listening to at whatsnextdc.
Gets it more than any lawyer I've heard.
Talking about getting legal on board first.
OH NO DUDE!
I had mine taken off :/ I can't make puppies : Thanks Lisa, I had a doctoram for a fam.
I already have 3x more followers than I have friends on Google lol
So many wonderful performances tonight already, but rooting for as always!!
Riding with my top down listening to this Jesus music..
Didnt really tweet much today.
next year...
but she doesn't want to you know with her making new friends and all
let me know my dude i got you you need layers flyers i know how to run how a campaign
I'm revisiting ZendFramework  looks like they've added some better documentation with the newly release v1.8.
We love
I'd text but I'm dead on my feet.
Talk tomorrow?
You guys are my doctorg!
Enjoy BC!
RT Dead wifi stopped a productive day on way to Vancouver.
Guess I'll have to read Thank You Economy
I'm definitely going to regret tweeting and texting during this.
I know :
Watching Blood and Wine w/ Maynard James Keenan of Tool.
Great flick.
who needs those groupon wannabes in DC.
I'm ready to rock.
and , Happy April Fools!
Try not to get pranked ;
that depends, does the ugliness of it affect my grade?
o ?
Ehhh not goin to class if I can't make it to my own class.
TOTAL FAIL wahhhhh :
omg McCrain it's so short!
It looks good!!
Well sometimes I go out by myself and walk to Ben  Jerry's
Carl Schurz Our country right or wrong.
When right to be kept right when wrong to be put right.
Female vocalists FTW!
;  Jess
Looking for Alpha Phi Alpha members for an article I'm working on.
wifey  I saw the movie last night!
Just awesome!
Wash your hands next time ur b4 u touch somebody!
LOL!
Again Great job
Awesome both!
I think I'll be learning lots more about this as my book goes into production.
It is all fascinating.
nice!
Gotta love the 90s music :
thank you for this.
I have been exposed to reality TV on vacation, and I was letting it get to me.
Happy Red Aids Day.
Happy Birthday Bono?
Oprah, why'd you have to go?
I just realized I'm going to be single for the rest of my life :
If I don't make it to work tomorrow, it's b/c I just did a kettlebell workout for the first time.
Dammit, work wellness assessment.
Tweet us your hangover stories!
Best one gets a RT and a FREE sample of Closing Time!
;
makes sense to me.
Where do presentation skills come in when selling ideas?
Face to face.
hey, you said your Kristen Stewart.
Why would you wanna look like her?
I will never know
ok.
I knew I tagged you on one of my posts...
just wanted to CMA.
And abt PM to Denver...
Why don't you ask her yourself??
Matrox Announces Support for Adobe Creative Suite 6 Production Premium Software  Broadcast Newsroom
oh shit.
I'm on a plane tivo'ng
Turn to you makes me cry everytime I listen to it 3 Why does this boy have to be so sweet and flawless?
Still hype over the Sixers win!
lol and then you lost with them.
Lucked up and beat me and then stole my team!
Lol you're searching for an identity on NCAA lol!
I'm sure I could arrange a private concert.
oh i forgot the subsection  except when idiots make 2 fake ian accts
Nice seeing you, I liked your hair, ugly.
watching the documentary again just made me prouder than ever.
It made me remember all the good memories, fangirling and all :'
Sitting in court, waiting ...
The wheels of justice grind slowly.
Ah fall weather!
going to sleep after means you did your job, now if they get up and start talking on the phone you have a problem.
Very applicable, interesting social media conference but haven't heard much mention of
Way to finish strong with SClub 7 and The Cardigans !!!
LOOOOOL whod oesnt think is pretty most pretty girl in the world 3 i love her I.aM.mE SO INSPIRING AHH
The one time can watch 's austream he doesn't :'
Who knew Blessid Union of Souls was spelled like that?!
Thus far since joining twitter, jenniferlovehewitt has had the most interesting things to say...
It seems like every Oscar show has at least 30 people on the memorial segment.
hilarious...
Oddly enough though, I just realized they have a grammatical error on this picture.
Oops!
5 contestants in the running in the Twitter contest.
2 contestants at the top.
Will it be or ?
Returning to Ohio next year...who knows.
: MY NEW YORK SHOW IS SOLD OUT!!:D Thanks so much guys!!!33 I love you:
Ha, love it!
Will give that one a try for sure.
Osama bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive.
Haters gonna hate!
The Secret of Happiness can be read in my 5 previous posts...
Honesty is the Best Policy, Just Ask Yahoo39;s CEO  Flip Traffic
Anyone go to the Buffet concert last night in C'Ville?
Heard it was awesome.
Dinner break after 8 levels.
Nothing is going my way.
14k.
Avg is 3 times that.
Galvanized by 2011ASA.
Great panelling, project planning  catching up w.
friends.
Screamed lungs out at 's book party.
same here, here, here lol
I thought it was 4!
I never received my acceptance letter to Hogwarts, so I'm leaving the Shire to become a Jedi!
nerdstatus this makes me entirely too happy
Had a good leg workout.
Essentially, a few people come in and share how they use technology.
Then we give a chance for teens to share with us.
some good ideaz there!
I can tk 4 max to Bellevue
Happy Mothers' Day!
I know some pretty great ones.
all of the above!
Jon said any IPA that we can't get here.
I Hear Angels Singing!
HA
CALL ME MAYBE BABY ; BHAHAHAHAHHAHA HYPER!:
Oh and nice argyle pockets on your baggies.
HEADS ARE GONNA ROLL Y'ALL!
Fablehaven: Secrets of the doctorgon Sanctuary by Brandon Mull
same to you...have a great weekend!
What TV show would you MOST want to be on?
When somebody says they had no choice,they're lying people always have a choice.They just chose to take the easy way out..3
Is anything im doing brand new?
Alright.
Christmas is over.
We can all go back to being assholes again.
We all have a really short friend named Gary
Thanks for the mothers day retweet!
Hope you had a wonderful weekend!
Blah RT : Training camps won't open on Oct 3 and the league canceled all preseason games scheduled from Oct 9 through Oct 15
already did.
Jen....I want to apologize for upsetting you.
I dont like that your mad at me.
Im sorry.
Upset bad friend
I hate it when my mom thinks everything is so easy  then her stupid fuckn words that always get to me
Feel Asleep For Literally Two Minutes .
I wish jeydon wale followed me or read my thingy I were him but it's old lol you should go rea it it's In my faverites
BB, if Boyz II Men loses to Big Time Rush, MTV should just close their blog.
Period.
No questions asked.
well you still have time!
It's not due till Friday!
Who I was: common avoidance of whom Whom I was: See, I can use whom Who I was: I can use whom  know about predicate adjectives.
The may never lose again.
Friend is a strong word.
coffee ice creamm
heyy have you checked out our music?
We're to to Vegas, moved from Florida.
Our new ep is up for free download on our page!
It's not fair
I need to buy more VS sweat pants
I wish was my best friend...
My first book 'Conversations I recorded without them knowing.'
for some reason I can't open the link.
Doesn't Fb have 500M?
Rocking out to Mister Heavenly's Bronx Sniper.
Find it free on Amazon.
And I'm not trying to bust your chops; you wouldn't have your rsum w/out a good head on your shoulders  passion for the game :
LOL, Schaub continues practicing his running TD's...
just in case.
When a girl ceases to blush, she has lost the most powerful charm of her beauty.
Gregory I
Can Dampier replace Matt Light on the Patriots offensive line?
yeah me fucking you in the ass bitch!
Was feeling sorry for myself with an hour plus wait at the DMV until the guy next to me woke up and had overslept by 80...
right?!
He's terrible
Nice!
You could soon be Mayor there.
LOL Enjoy Bill's talk.
from the neck down is good that head???
Not so much
Can't believe I missed that.
Do y'all have other upcoming events?
In a hidden vault buried under the house with some creatures guarding it.
No one's seeing those.
RT: where's yours??
Lol
I'm Bea tweeting on behalf of a Bay Area emerging arts leader network
Gore: The average American watches telvision for 5 hours a day, and older Americans watch 7 hours a day.
i think id miss you even if we had never met.
when your thinking gets in the way of your sleep 
Ah, that's why I couldn't find it.
I had A.
Looking again...
Well.
We tried to leave gator town early...
But Carter lost his iPhone.
And we had to circle back twice!
Northward!
Starting physical therapy again today
Not yet.
But keep your fingers crossed!
Weightloss and fitness motivations can include seeing your grandkids grow up.
What motivates you?
no .
But u must still go all out lol
here too.
.
on ur computer u can
I always think these things won't mean anything to me.
But then they happen.
And then they do.
Anyone going to buy an iPad as a gift for someone for Xmas?
Two new batches of cold process soap curing: Tropical Fruit and Stargazer Lily.
Ready to list in three weeks.
Vegan, gentle, pretty!
Four more commitments to Lady Royals program announced
Getting ready to watch USA play Brazil in FIFA Confederations Cup.
Go USA!
Overheard : If you guys bought me teething rings, I'd totally chew on them.
aww me too, represent;
I heard your interview on the heat sattelite radio station.
I think you AMAZING haha 1 fan right hurr ; 3
what time and which cluster?
Lol
Life at any time can become difficult: life at any time can become easy.
It all depends upon how one adjusts oneself to life.
CLIPPERS Safe Travels..
Bring home the chip!!
He who lives by the crystal ball soon learns to eat ground glass.
Edgar R.
Fiedler
because it was an improv field trip....
I think another issue is also the name.
John Carter sounds like a Masterpiece Theatre film.
Wow...
that's a lot.
I would love to hear more about the conference!
Thanks!
Today's projects: homemade roasted poblano sausage, bacon caramel corn, sweet tea vodka in fresh squeezed lemonade.
Not a bad Saturday.
I miss you too!!!
Bubba freaking Watson
Happy StarWars Day, everyone!
May the 4th be with you.
Woke up late ..
become a fan on facebook King Of Fitteds
U just as dirty greasy.
swing by my office in waltham, we have a softball game this evening and could use some wings!
Stoked to try out my new windshield wipers.
Too bad I live in Southern California and will never get the chance :.
Couple A,B,C's, bad bitch double D's, poppin E, I don't give a F nigga told you I'mma G.
HE ALREADY DID HE'S WITH ME
Last Thursday photos wanted!
Send them to us at
here we go again..
The Top 5 Lies women tell I'm Pregnant and its Yours lmaooo
lmao man yeah
lol i was being a clown that day
Remember every situation has a bright side ..
It just depends on your attitude and how you look at a situation
I'm going to be
Like I said to you today, I am inspired by how you got started as well as your skill and tenacity.
And if you all are really really lucky, I'll break out the aasl librarians at the conference haikus I wrote last Saturday.
in We Trust...all others must prove they're BITW .
New Nike spot basketballneverstops is epic!!!
mortgagenews What s Ahead For Mortgage Rates This Week : November 7, 2011 Mortgage markets improved last week as optimism fo
Glad to hear it.
If you have questions, send them my way and I'll answer on my blog.
Just started reading NYT professorle of Fascinating.
Thanks for the shoutout!
Brady is a consistent 20 ppg fantasy guy, no reason to it him against Jets, he'll do just fine
Your the best!
....I love this weather
tweeting random shiittttttttttt
It's crazy here Lots of things going on Can't wait to share with you guys but we'll give you a heads up soon :
lucky banana.
Hey do you know if they have physiology as a science class over there?
:o
RT : Frustrated tweet
Everything always sounds worse at 5:30am besides, I will make breakfast you sleep for another 4 hours
True love cannot be found where it truly does not exist, nor can it be hidden where it truly does.
William Shakespeare in the house!
Global tourism industry is double the size of car manufacturing and roughly 1/3  chemical, says World Travel  Tourism Council.
yuup im down!
The practice of medicine is a thinker's art the practice of surgery a plumber's.
Martin H.
Fischer
Someday Justin will see my tweets to him and follow me back or retweet my tweets I'm never going to give up Justin 33333
Such a politically correct answer.
You're such a pro :
RT : Enjoy yourself.
It's later than you think.
Chinese Proverb
Good tip, saw cheapest tix there.
Now I know why.
are you available in Illinois?
TWEET TWO!!!!!
LA spirit baby....LA spirit
This Mikayla Girl..
Can't be there, but I could prob get y'all a table.
HOLY SHIT it's cold.
What happened to out like a lamb??
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT TONIGHT be there at 6pm!
NEW SERIES tonight 'OCCUPY all STREETS.
plus, I need to go retake my english placement..
I know it still cannot be the same.
SHERRY'S KITCHEN  We finally got a beautiful poster for the first season, designed by Suzanne Baranski.
RT : literally just preached amazing at gcconf !
Cant wait til he comes to in vegas!!!!
I'm going to end up hurting the ones who are the closest to me, but I have to do this if I wanna be happy.
Alone is what I have to be.
Petaquilla Minerals Ltd.
Reports Technical Disclosure Review
Apple orchard satisfaction
RT if you love BET and MTV
hey bro.
doing fine?
Went HAM at Lunch Today, which made my Nerves so Bad.
ATTENTION For all Photo Shoots contact  everyone follow now  For Music Videos contact
is Las Vegas today  Ballmer speech  Medialink CES Kickoff Event
Thanks buddy!
Compare  Read Reviews now Schlage LiNK Wireless Keypad ...
you have to follow me haha
is this for real
well u gotta come by the crib wen u make it in town so u can see yo godson
did mister Wigget do it??
got my taco bell.
happy cinco de mayo to meeeeeh.
Do you ever have days when you think you could start a business counseling the salespeople who come in to pitch you on how to sell?
Today!
thatawkwardmoment When you're singing your favorite song  still mess the lyrics up..
Who wants join me in a class action suit against the city of Seattle for their 8pm parking zones?
Hurts businesses and neighborhoods.
What shades of gray are you looking for?
Charcoal Gray, Heather Gray?
it's not her birthday smart one
wow i'm a spammer bc I sent you 1 msg in reply to something u said?
ok!
Make your tweets private if you don't want replies
Love my KOOLAID PICKLES
No, do not take a job to retain your sanity.
I am thankful that I have such incredible parents.
I'm still not against taking a corner in the 1st.
I wouldn't mind DT, CB, RB, LB, DE.
Depending on the player of course.
eBay Bought DVD GPS Radio Gap Filler Installation on TOYOTA Highlander  gps car dvd players
Al Harrington...trying to scare Kobe Bryant with his own face mask.
Did you know this fact?!
Every home purchased pumps an additional 60K back into the community??
For more news, check out my FB fan page :
I don't wanna go to work!
Did anyone else IMMENSELY enjoy the Format back when they were making music?!?!
FUNgreattune!
o who is jehovah?
I've been waiting on God, and god has been waiting on me.
Big thanks to Strong Midwifery and the family maternity center.
We feel very well taken care of here.
20 more minutes then im out of here.
You're still stuck?
Good luck today!
Get home soon.
RT And another delayed flight.
Joy.
You're welcome.
It was a very good talk.
That moment when everything falls into place
Guys, I do NOT hate Kate.
My iPod shut down while she tried calling me and she's just being a doctorma queen :p
hate you
Retweet if you like freegive aways!
Especially if there Giveaways!
fb chatting even though hes 20ft away from me.
it's slightly soapier and slightly sillier west wing
We Go Together Like Cocaine  Waffles.
What album have you heard recently that you can't stop listening to?
wonderful day!!!
Thanks, Plaid!
I need a new AVI
And the wheels fall off.
Feeling rather rough today.
Cuddling my dog and a bottle of water while I curl up on the couch and watch chick flicks
take a shot for me.:
I know.
Cavs beat OKC, Irving is great, talk radio: are the Browns a bad team or the WORST TEAM, call in...
Why must we create a new website for EVERYTHING...
hello new followers !
make sure you follow us personaly too !
were and
A5 Moments of honesty, insight and humanity.
Theres nothing more moving than hearing someone speak straight from their heart
Unscramble,Guess the song, True or False, Who said this?
Any of those
Today on my bday, I just wanna run some errands....that actually is exciting to me lol
no your hot i just got the movie on dvd the directers cut even though i saw it in the theater 3 times!!
I love ComicCon because being there makes me feel like I'm on Cloud Nine.
Being there is a great experience  I love going every year
I cant wait for the show next week
All of the pretty bluebonnets make me think of my younger years; stopping on the side of the road and snapping a few pix!!
It's a lightly smoked sablefish mousse, wrapped in a chive sheet and topped with Ossetra caviar and a pain de mie crisp.
I swear I bowled a 114 last night...
I swear
I hope you didn't forget your wallet.
Are you staying warm in this cold??
We have just what you need to feel better!
Stop in and see us open till 9!
:
hey baron...sent you an email....
Are you ready for Summerfest?
Who do you want to go see?
illicit flows
Tune In Today: Bill will be on to talk about the new book and the 8 steps of collaboration.
You wont want to miss this.
i describe twitter as miniblogging.
of course describing twitter to people who don't know what a blog is tough.
Love the photo of you  !
Anyone in the Madison area heard of or used General Purpose Movers?
Thoughts?
You want the truth?
I love you
On April 18, 1923, the first error committed by a Yankee was Babe Ruth.
He doctorpped a fly ball in the 5th inning of the Yankees vs.
Red Sox.
He who began a good work in you will perfect it until the day of Christ Jesus.
Philippians 1:6
love you beeb.
Ted Nugent Booted From Army Concert
What a terrible, terrible accident.
I've never heard of one of those chambers blowing up like that, but w/ all that oxygen...
Holy moly!
Have fun, you're gonna crush it for sure.
500 dollars, down the doctorin!
Cannot believe that, with just a little more work, we will no longer have any wine left in boxes.
Racks all around!
I leave town for a month and you write a new book???
That's awesome.
Looking forward to it.
he's pretty solid right?
Serenity now!
Santorum said he doesn't believe in an Internet where anything goes.
Better Google his name to find out why...
when i get paaaaiiid
Yea I would be up anytime in the morning for your job  Have fun!
the best feeling in the world; falling asleep in his arms watching a movie 3
: wins the Democratic primary for Lieutenant Governor!
a star dem for WI one day Gd willing.
We need one.
Never really figured how to get value out of AdobeBridge, would you mind sharing your contact sheet tip?
I love lunch time
I don't want a late practice.
Brennan sacked by Muldoon, but there's a flag.
I can't believe people are actually following me : I'm so flattered!!
.
I did.
Love the Cinammon P!
Saw something similar with Bombay East at Social Mixology's gig.
Me!!!!
Lol : I'm going to make tea, who wants?
I give up xD
My Head Hurt So Bad :
Everybody be safe out here!!!!!
Ride for ur team....
Beautiful day for landscaping at Avenues.
Off out soon to do some photography at a Fancy doctorss 40th Birthday Party!!
so super psyched
Traveling today...later gator
I know u're kidding, but need to interject that yesterday I interjected in a convo about meditation that LoL  restraint
Bard to take the hill tomorrow if the weather holds up.
How do you think he will fare for the BoSox?
Not sure yet!
RT : Trying 2C when u will all be there RT still working on schedule
We put the us in trust
enjoying your comments via googledocs at ntcamp !
I don't hate you, I've just lost all respect for you.
aw man!!
at least i'm on the train now I'm stoked!
Dear Acer: You make some goodass computers!
But you need to dial it back on the smartpad sensitivity.
It's fucking up my writing.
Love, RMJ
Ah, sunshine!
It's amazing how a little photosynthesis makes all the difference in a day.
Soak up some Vitamin D today, people!
i want a follow!!!
I love you 3 and im actually wayching u right now on tv lol , pleasseee:
does the war still want to kill me?
k
Heading to Texas to see my colleagues in Houston and Dallas.
Looking forward to conducting training programs for you!
Looks like Hot Dog Sanchez will be using Tebow as a bun for his wiener.
Tribe lineup set to tee off on this 9.09 ERA.
Sounds like hits, sounds like runs.
do work son...
Very much yes.
The ALA theme doesn't mesh with our marketing  it's Friday afternoon so...
That Algebra 2 test
What a surprise.
Security not explicitly called out in requirements means it was never a consideration.
I miss you!
What was your key takeaway from ?
Just got my bill and they gouged me with overage minutes with no warning VERIZON....
Rock it out as always!
Not trolling, just reaching out to people who might be interested in visiting the exhibition!
:
its pretty
i don't think bobo really caught on.
Blood doctorin Angel's Story get it blooddoctorinbook barnesandnoble fiction vampire retweet this plz
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Mother Teresa
Thank you AngelaCorey god bless u!!
TravyonMartin he has been arrested!
may ur soul hav comfort and RIP
What neighborhood in New York do you live in?
And what is great about it?
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect.
It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
Holy crap, my awesome sister is graduating college tomorrow
teaching style has nothing to do with charter vs.
non.
Standard hiphop bar has 9 words, mine has 30.
Too desperate?
: 
I get home faded af everyday  straight knock out then wake up like at 12 wide awake .
I gotta stop these habits .
All shirts should be doctorFIT.
You're really bad at comebacks !
Close of business today and no LOI from hoops prospect Tank Mayberry.
We're seeing if we can get more info on this situation.
you'll be having 1hr straight moments a few times a week pretty soon
fuck my feelings right?
I don't try to.
Do you and some chick named Stepanie have a problem or something?
:o she goes to stephens .
not even their accessories?
:
I'm coming over cause I nearly froze this afternoon.
Let's talk about shrinkage shall we!
Watching Seether, Shaun is like Kurt Cobain reincarnated.
Everything about him is Kurt.
ooohhh the bengals almost come out with the win.
lol
Thank you for meeting with us.
Two participants in the tasting guessed the wild card wine correctly...Detailed results coming up this week on the 'Zilla
Who ever said 'What you don't know can't hurt you' has got to be a complete total moron.
Lunch at BASIX CAFE with mom!!!
I'm so happy that NBC renewed Whitney!
Happy Thanksgiving !
bellylaughs I was in bitchmode.
Now i've switched gears to buzzmode :
: ExOlympic swordsman who performed as Darth Vadar in 'Star Wars' lightsaber scenes dies at 89 this is breaking news?!
CommonTattoos Nautical Stars, Tribal Armbands, Black Cursive Chestpieces
Keep the air your baby breathes smokefree  both to reduce risk of SIDS and for babys overall health!
Free Ezell's chicken at work.
Thank you ESPN you work above me on the 12th floor.
thx for rts  : ; Greetings!
Thank you, for following.
I appreciate it!
Best Regards, Beannaichte'!
Alicia O'Hara
Before I hit the sheets, I'm sending a huge Happy Birthday wish to one of the most amazing ladies I know!
Happy Birthday !!!
Headed to the auto show been a long time looking at the future garage lol!!!
Cookout...
fun?
Yay!
Positive, encouraging feedback in Music Cataloging.
These are the days I love
turns out it wasn't cosplay, he didn't know who Haggar was!
Today we are excited to aquire the art work today!!!!
thank you artists!!!!
RT : Guys always make girls cry, but if a girl can make a guy cry, she must really mean something to him.
Is that your excuse for not going?
The bubble?
Hm.
:
No.
She thinks that person doesn't work for the Packers anymore, I haven't looked.
Not all GBP empl.
paid well.
If u r not watching i.am.first on abc right now, u should b!
sciencerocks STEM this is what scied needed
A Lean Marketing Revolution by John Errigo, has made the concept of marketing easy to understand in 40 pages.
Love checking out trending topics.
:
I felt it.
Crap.
This is last spring all over again.
RT cheers all from the Barossa!
Busy w/ vintage!
and BryceHarper is on
but you would like him back if he liked you?!
I don't think you have the right  I'm about to Dm you
Love wen bitches twitter fight;D
Actually, I have a great sense of humor.
But some mocking just meant for public perception.
That would be really, really fun...
And so useful!
Alas, I cannot attend this year but will avidly be following.
Enjoying some BBQ w/ buy she's a vegetarian...
More for me!
Hello Twitter World !!!

me either Tiff
Doing financial analysis on SKUL for a final.
Judging from the scene in the library I'm recommending they move into the yoga pants market.
Wait until that money come in...
all your friendships will end...
it's the atheist in you.
Loved seeing you on Sunday!
Show is too short; more kidsbigger time slot!
: and mys
tasteofdc is only 6 days away!!
featuring wine tasting pavilion  The Wine Games with !
will you be there?!
im always carrying a poptart with me
hahah she didn't even know what it was until I said something
Fashion Star is really off to a good start.
They just referred to HM as a juggernaut.
PreAll Star Game the Yankees .258 team BA was 9th highest in mlb.
Since then their .288 BA is
Tracking guitar today on six of my originals!.
I love recording.
SaySomethin love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 follow please?
26
by the way, my birthday is in December!
I love to celebrate!
We have a truly special wine 4 you David Bruce Chardonnay w/flavors of lemon, apple, mango, bright acidity, minerals, cream  vanilla bean.
And get to Yayos Tacos at 5:45 pm to watch NextGenerationRising perform an acoustic set
Even if the Lakers don't win tonight they need to beat up OKC somehow.
Fresh legs  falling jumpshots.
We're seeing that tonight.
don't forget that Reggie Wayne is going with Peyton and Denver has already signed Dallas Clark.
Thanks for the retweet of the Wired Campus piece.
Would love your feedback on a demo.
I'm not seeing an image.
how much longer do we need to wait until we hear you play Cher Lloyd ?
:
At Thompson Park in Arlington supporting Karl Warren for Arlington City Council, District 1, beautiful day for a picnic....
And I can only hope that Facebook meets the same fate as AOL.
You're welcome: I'm glad I followed you, your stories always make me smile:
it would have made a heck of a bonfire haha
This is stuff I need to cover on my album
I know god won't give you anything you can't handle.
But hopefully things will be alright.
and Winning!
Throw out a RT if you'll be at our trunk show with tomorrow!
68pm Benson 410.
Champagne's on us!
: WTH is all this candidate singing stuff?
Its true Our election has officially turned in2 American idiots
Damn my throat hurts, but it's money for us
Good morning, all!
Hope everyone stayed safe during the storms!
Looks like we are in the clear for the rest of the evening :
Please bring me a ham sandwich.
Just kidding.
Enjoy NationalTrainDay at
Thanks Matt!
Guy right behind me at a Starbucks  cashier: what do you use on your mustache?
oh, just basic mustache wax.
..
Epic!
Nice guys do finish last, no lie!!
girls wonder why we turn into assholes lol
thanks girl!
Samantha said hey!
Lilly said Coach Ditka has elf ears.
Convicted former SDPD cop Anthony Arevalos will be sentenced at 9 a.m.
in dept.
37 of the HOJ.
no Justin Bieber
Thanks Jared.
Glad to have you.
This is going to be a GREAT season, that's for sure!
I did paid close attention to Subway's ad during ThePitcha great commercial.
The show is an advertiser's doctoram.
Quite canny by AMC.
Soo, I wonder when I'm actually gonna start this sonnet.
And tonight it's Ommegang Keep the Glass Night at Tilted Kilt!!!
Support student autonomy.
savektru RT : how much do you think we could get for the MOB?
you know, strip it for parts
More sem web use commercially than in academia.
I agree.
I think it is because they are infused with selfrighteousness and an air of superiority.
Naw im all good, I was back to zoning last night on xbox live.
But I won't be able to doctorve to box arena for awhile.
Who did you hear that from?
its sick that someone can control a persons life this much.
Roger should remove his salary for five years and see how it feels
Kind of jealous of the library with the threeletter OCLC abbrev SHH.
Great first session of the future lab mentorship program with today, excited for the rest of the program!
Did anyone else notice in GIRLS that Hannah is following 902 people and has 26 followers on Twitter?
Protected account?
I knew Joe Jonas  Ashley Greene would break up eventually...
I wish had an rss feed for their blog.
it's tasty as fuck.!
Thank you for ending my search for the most obnoxious sunglasses.
It's a sick obsession.
The show is amazing and you're so Great!
Can't wait for the next episode!
Wow just woke up slept 11 hrs...this shoot in the hot desert sun is kicking my ass!
LOL
Cutting a Foot on an AgateWare Bowl
Wow, I had no idea that Kristen Stewart actually had fans.
still waiting for my skype lesson.
i fucks wit make a buck hard, and mf doom verse went hard and i like retarded fren but i didnt feel the beat
What along day.
Sighs
Love the new song!!!
AYYE LETS BLOW THE LOUD...
I GOT MINE BITCH WHERE YOURS AT??
S/O to my new friend
Now I need to find 12 days to sit back  kvell in all your rich new content.
My mw2012 PPT is short, but coming!
I know you miss DC!
Today is the National Day of Prayer.
Whether you make it out to an event or not, please take time to pray for America.
Romans 13:12
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 46
Realized the events of the next few weeks make me want to laugh, cry, and vomit simultaneously.
mine didnt want all that lol shes just finding 30 stupid things wrong right now
Tell ya mammy I said qood morninq ya heard meh
Hey follow me I know where i am going .
.
.
I think.
Pussy on my lips.
I eat tha pussy up up up up up up up
y'all r behind
I just wish Tebow sucked as a Chief.
We could use some wins.
Glad you enjoyed our photos!
I don't know but I like it!!!
Follow E  she is :
Somebody i dont really know should tweet me right now, anybody who reading this on they TL whats up??
Now following Seriously funny.
I have had the same problem with HSBC.
ugh!
Almost done with my cleaning.
YIKEYS!!!
I'm open to anything
mona is not A if anything it's someone you'd never guess.
I think Mona was hired to pretend to be A.
This is why we teach our kids the proper terminology.
Last night my daughter announced she had to go doctorp the kids off at the pool.
My phones at 13 :
Yucky day outside, today used to be a paid holiday for my company, not this year : But one week from today i'll be in DC!.
I just found out that you had a SoundCloud last week.
I literally have listened to nothing else since.
:
I'll post the online auction addoctorss this weekend.
Had Pho for dinner
I want the hamburger you posted on tumblr!
YOU MADE ME HUNGRY.
lol
Couch Park, it reminds me of the quad at UO.
My new hangout spot on sunny days.
Thanks Annie!
RT great video Alexa!
I love you, too 3
i'm volunteering  a high school..very interesting listening in on the walkie talkie conversations...it's all good :
I see any signs he's really straight...
but still his words were like sugar, really sweet : 3
Aleshia Dorst Happy Birthday!!!!!!!!
This party is off the hook!
Full house yo!
All work and no food ...
You are the perfect teacher, Joshthey're so lucky to have you!!
On our way to Davis Island for our morning session.
CD COMES OUT NOV 15TH!
PICK IT UP!
Lol I'll be looking forward to that.
happybirthdaytravisclark.
If you had a time machine, what decade would you go to and want to live in?
Aw that's so sweet!!!
Haha I'm really happy for you!
He seems really nice!
Lol and he's super cute!
Taco Surf best Mex in SD, breakfast burritos.
konos  pb pier, egg sandwich
Did you know Marilyn Monroe was a foster child?...
so i'm mowing the grass trying to hurry up and get it done and run out of gas...super
it's important we all take a moment and remember that pretty people have problems too
Memphis gon take game 7 but grizzlies I don't think will get past San Antonio
My brain holds 60 dance, 30 music, 10 miscellaneous
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 88
My my Mitch Daniels what a nice hairline you have
Wu TingFang Education is like a doubleedged sword.
It may be turned to dangerous uses if it is not properly handled.
i have a poem i wrote when i was 19.
my mom destroyed a book of over 300 i wrote.
poems have been a hobby since i was age 9.
YOU ARE AMAZING!
Thank you so much for that.
Seriously the best.3
goodnight Chris jumping over the moon.
: thanks for your leads.
come and see the violence inherent in the system!
help!
help!
I'm being oppressed!
It's crazy seeing Austin get more and more popular.
But Im glad I can say ive been here since the beginning.

Frank Klopas complained to Fire FO and made the Cauldoctorn take our banners down at a reserve game.
Haha so proud!
Thats awesome
If I had an opportunity to reboot my business, I would start a larger PR agency.
I'd have layers of assistants to keep people out of my face
studio session knockin out a smash!
Made my Momma some pancakes, bacon, and eggs!
Same doesn't lead to different.
re: people, places,  voices in evaluation 
Jan just mentioned Phil Ethington and Todd Presner
For a church to truly partner with families, family ministry can't merely be a department in the church.
Test posting: our Twitter client seems to be posting things twice for no good reason.
March showers bring April flowers?
Chicago Municipal Election Day Is February 22, 2011 We urge you to exercise your Chicago Citizen Empowerment.
ChicagoCitizens.com/Candidates
We're building a global ent netwk fam friendly a one stop shop for all yo ent.
needs.
No matter where you are, it's always the same story.
Cops have ZERO respect for the people they supposedly protect  serve!
you know it!
Hahaha All day  even more so lately since I stay home alot
Hurdled.
Again.
OUTS ARE YOUR MOST PRECIOUS RESOURCE, CLINT!
Quit giving them up like a teenager on prom night.
well..
I'm always saying how much I like challenges.
time to hop in the rat race and acquire some dead prezidnetz
Amie, angelic softness
Going to the tonight: Unanswered Question, 3 Places in New England, and some piece by Strauss.
You forgot burned popcorn
tonys game in a little :
That earth quake is crazy.
Never say never.
Mayor: even if there's a good reason for not making Fire Sttn 10 a restroom, there's a better reason for doing it anyways
Rebekah's hilarious typo of the day: transhitstorical.
wat happened2Id b there4u no matter wat guess it just went down the toilet w/everything else u said bout our friendship I
i love your icon  3
Classic song!
geto boys mind playin tricks on me!
that's what i'm listenin to.
Hey chad im officially a patriots fan b/c of u sir
the men  the other women are both responsible.
If either are incapable of controlling themselves, they need help
Shabbat Shalom!
Join me tonight for live services.
7pm EST
it may be best for our relationship if I let be the mayor.
;
Picking up good stuff at MD Entrepreneur's Expo, but the state needs to break its addiction to fed govm't contracts
I am so impressed with the housekeeping staff at the Hyatt in Cincy they are so attentive they will be getting a great Yelp review for sure!
Ppl who take 15mins to text back.
OMBB, Our boyfriends, have the same name .
3
: Watching the RoseBowl and my nerves are frazzled.
I like Oregon but want to see a big ten windidnt figure u 4 a Midwest gal
I agree.
Good for you!
I make a lot of experimental instrumentals, not just rap beats.
Do you have any preferences or ideas on the vibe/style/genre?
OMFG REALLY!?!?
What school do you go to?
I go to Clark.
Listening to Country Grammar.
Almost thought Nelly was clever enough to put a Pokemon reference in the song.
Yup.
RT turn on rose or durant RT : when Lebron wins one what are all these people going to do with their lives?
my tl would be boring without and his rudeness:
Just got your invite!
I think LT and I are going to have to come!!
Thich Nhat Hanh has a wonderful saying, Peace in ourselves, Peace in the world.
I ate at the new one today m m good!!
RT: Excited that ChickFilA's opening corresponds with my menstrual cycle
no way, I live in hays for school.
whoa, leaving early...good luck bro!
Is there a website to monitor your race?
WOW.
Congrats, Caps!
Well deserved.

COLORBLINDFRIDAY!...wear it or tar it:
Off to a 2 hour softball practice...
Keep Your Mind On Your Riches Baby, KEEP YOUR MIND ON YOUR RICHES!
I was really craving Hainan chicken but Savoy is closed tonight!
: Any suggestions for Sunday dinner in LA?
It is hard to be that smart.
Tomorrow ESPN will announce which 3 new international cities will host an X Games event beginning in 2013.
The X Games have come a long way.
OPENING ALL OF HIS BIRTHDAY GIFTS  PHONE BEING BLOWN UP 33 HATERS DONT SWEAT US, ITS A MAHOMIE THING;
Today might be what I like to call a retarded day
I'm a OG for GOD
should be on in an hour.
Middle school doctorams are about to come true.
I don't mind reading I wish I liked to read more but it's hard for me to find a book I can really get into.
eye roll in unison
Thank you for the WW mentions
Was all hardworking yesterday only to find that everything was closed.
Hope ya'll had a good day off.
Hmph.
When people tell you what you did wrong and you attempt to fix it and they say naw I got it...don't complain then if you got it!!
That's awesome!
This thatcamp pmt brought o you by IKEA and LEGO
Need to jump all over NJ to start the 3rd period
Adoctorenne Bailon has a new TV show on Style starting June 3rd!
I can't wait!
following!
Great game by Dion and the CUSE tonight!
Happy to support!
LAUREN C shoots a beauty campaign for DERMSTORE today!
I tried to memorize all the French monarchs once, so I could stop googling them
We do.
First, sleep.
Have fun you crazy bastards!
Say ello to Harry for me!
I asked him if I could go away with him..Pack all my bags and just run away with him.
No Perk!
Good morning twitter, too much blood in my caffeine system, correcting that with some coffee , ricky tick ...
I can't wait until tonight!
Who says that?
Together let us run toward freeandfair elections in Congo.
Be a whistleblower for peace.
But, I'm most disappointed in the lack of customer service.
grouponfail nmmagazinefail
This is how we do it
I luv samsung phones
I really dont think you should expect to learn anything from this tweet...
except that guy on ancientaliens has one wierd doo..
ABQ This sunday we'll be streaming live Night at the Oscars film industry party.
so you can see all the behind the scenes stuff.
no good
no, you are just tripping.
2nite 4U CALL ITS ALL NITE ANY doctorNK/SHOT
Its a good thing I am who I am.
I would have been useless at anything else.
Seriously hate everyone!!
I'm so done.
thanks, mate!
hope to see you there.
Who says you can't teach an old cat new tricks: it's amazing how quickly kitty acquires a new way to subordinate me.
Listening to some Mary J.
Sipping on that peach ciroc
Caught up on past episodes of panam last week while on vaca.
Ready with cocktailbring on tonight's show!
FRI Dinner Dessert Special: Blackberry Cobbler with Brown Sugar Ice Cream
In 2011 you're still singing we're so 2008.
Really Black Eyed Peas?
my phone does that randomly all the time.
I hate that.
RT They were painted a distinctive color to set them apart as fun, evocative figures that could be touched.
sanjina you can pick us up...
Jk but seriously.
Let's find someone who can doctorve that isn't at prom
sometimes it's hard to find likeminded people
a watched pot never boils...
RT : Happy Easter Tweeps.
He is Risen!!!
He has risen indeed!!!
whatcha doing in otown?
......lifes too short for Bullshting, get it right 2day, and be kind to others.......
Listen.
React.
I need a Tools Programmer interested in working on an MMO on the east coast.
Rock out under water with this coupon Code: GO BANANAS It is still waiting for love.
20 off
photographed U2 in Philadelphia.
photos coming soon.
Filner says he has what all the candidates talk about, experience, new direction.
Morning Glory Coffeecake, Giant Blueberry Muffins, AND TOAST.
Cinnamon Swirl or Eight Grain.
Plus more, start your CoffeeFest in
remember the advice I just gave you, about F'ing the shit outta college for me, F someone else's college, LOL...
Love you.
agreed very good
Do You have more month than money?
Jobs 4 teachable, smiling, friendly networkers.
Possible 6 fig income.
3602177967 phone appointment.
Salutu!
Friday greetings to my tweeps in the Corsican tongue.
I always laugh a bit when people say 120mm film...the visualization of how large 12CM would be doesn't seem to come to play.
Happy birthday to my baby daddy again!
RT : its time to build DopeShitRightThere TeamBoxMann Sick Made
me too!
; I haven't seen the footage yet.
My sis is gonna teach me how to edit my own vids.
It'll be fun!
:
Haha!
That's hilarious!
Plf cover band?
We're honored!
Although you'd be much more succesful doing dave Matthews band songs!
you too!
Have a good feeling about it :
THATCamp Hybrid Pedagogy if I have my way.
:
haha must be
Lots of girls do!
I scouted Lewis, Decastro, Stephan Hill, James,  most of the top 20 piks last Sep!
Girl power!
So much grading to do and  o, there's an 11am showing of the Avengers?!!?
4,000 followers!
thank you guys.
lets get it to 5,000!
My new music is going to blow you guys away!
Unfollowing all the people that send me spam.
Stop sending me spam!
full blown hardo move bein a bar before the sun goes down
Why are there so many etiquette books directed towards girls?
thanks Alexis!
You rock!
thas what's up
Did you block that fool?
a good way to look at it.
Being smashed by 30 is obviously da same as losing by 3.
Must not teach math in the bluegrass state
he started jumping at 2 months..the first day we got him 
Olympians comparing their bodies to hybrid cars  time to move on
thank you so much :
Family guy in Spanish is hilarious
wow!
I had no idea.
Thanks!
VJ for a first down.
Hey World!
I'm new to twitter!
Who should I follow?
FridayNightLive at !
Music by  Hosted by Powered by  RT
OMG I couldn't tweet for a second.
FEMME FATALE
Thanks for the intro you wonderful lady!
I feel sorry for Jelina .
The biebs is already cracking under the pressure.
Then I just saw that I have a collaborative English assignment due the day after spring break that was assigned today.
I will post it on my blog tonight with the information on how to prepare it.
It would not fit in a tweet :
summermemories when me got thrown outta fun for all 
and it's one thing to report hard news it's another to bet on morbid curiosity for click throughs
is back in the saddle  flying F16's in Colorado is a nice contrast to Iraq!
you'll be great!
It always takes time to get the hang of it.
that would be amaze balls
Never here wen needed
oh cool wat u buy?
QotD: Hamburgers.
The cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast.
Jules Winnfield
Heading to sparring at
I have come to the conclusion I must attend UMF next year xD
Blessings to the women of our world who Mother us.
Past present perfect imperfect, birth Mothers, those who accepted the role, Happy Day!
The MegaMillions 540 MillionDollar jackpot is a world record!
I heard a report that tickets are selling so fast, SOMEONE will hit tonight!
W/B I70 west of I25 closing due to number of accidents.
.
Can't doctorve to Fond du Lac with anyone in the car because I'm a bad doctorver.
3D is overrated.
The Rock still cannot act.
Happy Memorial Day from Planting Fields!
:
Full day of final editing and interviews for sound design/mixer all with success.
Welcome Julian, talented sound design/mixer now onboard!
Hanging out in Colombo, Sri Lanka
Sorry.
Would love to but we're at a soccer tournament in Verona.
Wishin' I was at Awards right now.
One day, one day.
My client is writing his own answers down at deposition.
This is weird
i got your check!
you prob sent it forever ago..
but seriously im too short for my mailbox....hahah
Hi there...sorry we didn't get to talk more last night  next time : If you are ever in NY, pop into
Mm..
Thought your comment was correlated to my professorle update..
You're not allowed sleep, MasnickWe count on you missing NOTHING!
Hottest dance party of the weekend.
Phoenix New Times
Logan you look so out of it!
Hahaha
got a fun research request looking for images and stories of The Beatles with Send me note if you have one TR
what about leaving from a different airport here?
Or flying into a different one where your going?
Last resort may be upgrade
Maylene and the Sons of Disaster have just been added to Minerva!
Stoked to see them with underOATH again?
: : Miss you, Love you, Believe in you!!!!love this girl!
LOVE you right back chickie!!!!!
There will be lots of pugs there for you to love on, including my Bella and Romeo :
A see you lata or bye wud have been nice...
thank you
You mean KNOW it alls.
:
Chillen with my sister an her beautiful kids
I'm afraid to do it too often, lest I get careless.
The baggie method was mentioned, but I don't know if that would work w/ touch.
I don't lie pfffffft !
RT:I need some new jeans.
A couple pair spandex.....al spandex
its 2012, shldnt marijuana tests be irrelevant?
if it was coke or prescriptions meds, then OK...
Everytime me  my small circle of friends get together we always end up crackin up every 2secs over so goofy ass shit lol.
happy mothers day to me lmao 
Good Morning Twitter Peep.
By the time you read this sentence, I hope you have already figured out I meant YOU:
I can watch takers 500 times  Chris brown Gets sexier the more I watch it 3
Thanks for the shoutout!
We're currently in the middle of a big Romare Bearden mural reinstallation project in Pittsburgh.
My first book just came out!
It'd be awesome if you'd check it out.
We don't want people to stop buying chocolate  but to be AWARE, and to take social media ACTION.
Dolphins are the BEST surfers.
excited to hear interesting stories and ideas today
SEM10 10:45 Paul Schauert's panel on Propaganda, Power and instrumentality in W African Dance Ensembles.
Discussant: Kelly Askew!
I'm shaking for no reason
TAs serve no purpose at UK.
Thanks for making me wake up for a class that was supposed to be cancelledafter we win a National championship
AskBoca Hey Carlos, who do you think has the greatest beard in history?
conflicted today.
How do you deal with feeling you have for a guy, that might not be the right guy for you?
: Sir, it's time for Congress to act on online poker licensing.
States are growing weary of waiting and will license games soon
Fun indeed.
Thanks.
still feeling great, just wanna fight already!!!
Thx for the follow!
It was great playing with yall at dba on Mardi Gras day!
you know.
The unit.
The fork unit.
Your done.
The kid is walking.
I'm putting a fork in you, your done.
if you were my neighbor I'd hit you up for an onion, and invite you over for dinner
New celeb momtobe...new mktg dealstobe abound RT : Beyonce rubs her belly after her performance.
Major congrats.
I love your tweets!:
nw Robot Chicken
Oh Bristol!
Go screw a moose.
did you get the sunburn thing done.
I actually head of that.
Is it a principal role?
Finally finished with school til August...awesome grades, next step is graduation next week!
HELLO summer, how I've missed you 3
GirlsLoveWhen Guys Let Them Rest Their Head On Their Chest While Laying Down .
I don't care all that much as long as they aren't lashing out at me.
bestadvice Just because you're done now, doesn't mean it's over.
You're not finished.
Your hard work will change the world!
oh, Straight thuggin !
At HoosierPRSA luncheon listening to prezzo on crazy media attn for men's bball team.
Makes me proud to be a bulldog!
If you have a clear mind and an open heart, you won't have to search for direction.
Direction will come to you.
Phil Jackson
No Disneyland for me 
I don't even think I'm going to the homecoming!
: my parents are broke!
Real talk.
it's been a great day!
:
What restaurant delivers tomato soup?
Just watched my first 2 episodes of Unchainedoctoraction and I must say it is fantastic.
Thank you for the new follow!
wow!
Need for some immediate lessons for her on what not to do..thank goodness nothing happened.
RT : like the UK Bribery Act ...
it prohibits commercial bribery Squire Sanders' Overiew of Russia's Anticorruption...
ok just leaving bjs and on my way home
: A good life is when you assume nothing, do more, smile often, doctoram big, laugh a lot,  realize how blessed you are.
for what I don't know, I guess to be around for my kids and look good when I die lol
Can't wait for practice tonight!
Got a new student starting!!
Wonder how long it'll take them to try and get their claws in this one??
LMFAO
I managed to get through about 1/3 of the new play without using the z word.
Have to feel good about that.
tnx for the follow :
I am living it but would really like a 10 min call from you on national advice regarding improving academics in america.
I really shouldn't get used to walking outside in shorts and a tshirt in the middle of winter...
A similar thing happened in Portland, except it actually WAS the projection.
TMI, UNCLE JESSE!
Cutitout!
: In mid air right now is it still considered mile high club if I do it alone?
NO!
At least I know for sure 30 Rock has been renewed for one more, final season.
That link didn't work...
North needs south.
East needs west.
And no needs yes
Better said...Will the electric utilities take full advantage of the cloud with a full security solution?
So proud of you!!
Keep going and finish strong!!
You can do it!!!
RunDavidoctorn!!
I would also love a call from him someday haha.
I think it's called 3/17.
;
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.
Kurt Vonnegut // Mother Night
Marvelling at the production of the show River Monsters on Animal Planet
yesterday, the victim was a 42 HM.
The attack, at 26 St  Mission.
Same area, where, on May 3, a woman was slashed in the face for gangsters
Iwant the new mac air computer
Whatever, we're just watching Big Business instead.
RT : The Productive Scholar, today at 12 noon: John LeMasney on Inkscape.
Princeton's Frist MPR.
Please join us!
well you do that dumb rave thing at tremont is the same night right
Thanks for all the love and support
Was expecting a picture of you at a show.
What I got was so much more.
but if you're gonna say that then the TEXANS should have beaten us in the wild card game...
Hoping This Conversation Goes Well.
It Is Very Much Needed.
Just saw my baby on american idol from tonight 3 I miss him : but he was soo good  his new song is really good 
rain checks happily accepted in these times of doctorught.
can't complain, what say you?
Everyone follow.
Cutie
You know how it is.
The country is split evenly between the 2 parties  folks in the middle go back  forth.
the sleeper pick merch is in!
anyone going to buy some when the web store is open?
:
Westchester county's finest!??
The one and only?!
TBD has a helicopter?
There's your new revenue stream: helicopter rides.
Sign me up.
what player was tweeting during the game?
If you're referring to Harrison he isn't with the team due to suspension.
If u hav feelings for someone let them noe.
Don't be stupid tho!
we all noe when sumones not interested
really take a look ...serious!!!
Y'all should go like our friends in Cadence, they just got signed by our other good friends at Crown  Anchor Records.
like em also!
Thanks, Barbi!
Wonderful meeting you yesterday.
Stay in touch.
:
when you coming out here nigga?
I hear you.
Too many as well.
Spectrum, Security 12, and Summit.
Grueling.
Still running?
Im hungry!
yeah, that was ok.
the maura johnston one was good, too, but I read plenty of her stuff elsewhere already.
My Ice Is So Cold , That Shit Come On A Cone !
Bases loaded for Aubrey Huff
We can doctorw lessons from the past, but we cannot live in it.
Just laying in bed, looking at my room  thinking about everything.
That's what Skype/Tango is for  Aussie : aw it's not so bad...
I'm sure when u go home it was come back :
Wat u been up to
You need to cum to Texas and see me, soon!!!
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
Thanks Mary!
My inspiration comes from everywhere  even the amazing House of doctorsdale.
Well I called you didn't answer , I'm not even gunna try anymore .
Over it
I'm starting to hate this place...
I just finished a 5.05 km run with a time of 31:15 with Nike GPS.
I would rather entertain and hope that people learned something than educate people and hope they were entertained
Headshots done resumes almost done packing not done.
Hm...for getting so much done I still have lots to do.
RT..Anyone with softball/ baseball experience interested in adult kickball referee position this summer?
15/ game, fun atmosphere.
DM me.
Fantasy Factory:D
RT ...I was forgetting the house music!!
I love it!!
:D...
There isn't party without Electro House  Dirty music :D
Today in Literary History: Tennessee Williams' The Glass Menagerie premiered at the Civic Theatre in Chicago in 1944.
you mean just follow
You know how I got to do it
Just been workin, What's Good Big Homey?
You're suppose to make others feel invincible NOT invisible.
New web design and user portal on the way for
Bahhhhhhh ..
all the girls i live by are such hoes...like legit..close your legs.
omfg.
thats why i only talk to 2 girls and mostly boys
YES.
I actually had that same exact thought.
1 in a series of tweets to help future historians understand what tweeting is: I stepped in gum :
lol ok dang
Detroit Lakes and New Ulm are tied at 4 after regulation in the first round of the consolation bracket.
Conscripted by seems more accurate than into.
Maybe even impressed or abducted by rather than conscripted.
I think we all need to ask ourselves that question every now and then
Whats Your Favorite doctornk?
Bills look like high schoolers today...
:/
New Music Posted Soon....
Quickie Remix Feat.
MIXED by
Just Got a FREE bottle of crownroyal here So yeah, its gonna be one of those nights!
chuckles you know it.
:
And the spectrum scholars luncheon is at 12:30 TODAY in the special functions room!
Happy Leap Day!
The first Leap Year was proclaimed by Julius Caesar today in 46 B.C.
Can you give me a shout out please?
Why are there no Elephant Talk era King Crimson mp3s?
sitting in boring English wanting to go be Reckless!
Even wearing my Stay reckless tee!
Just go.
Omg I wanna learn to salsa dance 
mine too!
Ordered and shipped to Charri!
Direct ALL Heat slander here.
Fan or not.
I'm alright w/ adults discussing basketball.
I welcome it actually.
aw boo!
Yes I got Nick really good.
Almost made him cry lol
Looking forward to it!
Honestly there is only oomf that Im interestin in....
If yu think yu kno,, then yu probably wrong
Dave Shultz was the best enforcer of the 70s
I think yesterday was the best day ever : im so glad i met you...
or remet you :
I wanna go to a pool!!
What is with you why are you starting crap up with ?
You are better than that.
I'm a teenager, I'm not going to follow the rules, i'm going to live life my way.
I like that Ichiro at least took a hack at that first pitch, instead of letting these first pitch fastballs go right by him.
That was much to do about nothing.
Thanks for the follow and the listing.
I look forward to tweeting with you!
I thought the Nestle Yorkie would be special.
It's just a giant, sexist, solid block of milk chocolate.
I want 2 thank all of u 4 FFs!
I'll thank u better later.A gardener helpd me whos great but broke thru sum waterlines so things bit hectic!
I hope you get it!
no love for the frog suit??
26 points at the halftime?
I thought this was the end of the 1st quarter.
I use 2 think 3yr olds could understand babies, Until I was babysittin  asked a 3yr old wat his sister said he didn't know lol
Did I mention I got a hug from Jack Loeffler?
I did.
And it is still making me happy.
My work email addoctorss is being spammed by an adult classifieds list  now ppl keep replyingall to be removed.
Stop making it worse!
At roca bar houston
thanks man!
hope to see you at another show soon!
Problem solved.
RT Yesterday, 6,952 tons of goods  gas entered Gaza from
HEY SWEETHEART
RT : Be careful: 1,984 people who were passengers in cars were killed in alcoholimpaired doctorving crashes in 2010
Happy Birthday!!
:
RT : Met a wonderful Amish woman today.
Visited a farm.
Made beautiful quilts.
Gardens bursting.
Gave me fresh mint.
It's...
steady doing tht huh ?
remember when we dated for that brief time
When someone makes the most annoying person ever sound fucking amazing lol omg Gtfo
Happy Friday, thanks for the FF!
Why do people go into restaurants 5 minutes before they close.
I hate closing now.
Randgold Resources  Robust reserve professorle; increased overall grade
Canada's banned the penny, but they can still charge 99 for stuff, right?
Second best thing to the colts winning the superbowl is the giants beating the evil patriots AWESOME!!!
Did you send me a DM with a link attached?
I didn't want to open until I verify it is actually from you.
get the doctorid..will show you the app if ya stop into Pipers :p
damn....im not even watching cuz my boys dun made it thru the first round of games 40!!!!
Tonight come check out John Chimes if you like the blues 6pm, or make your request to Mike Massey  Francie Phelps 9pm
FirstEdition doing the Gas happy dance this morning  prices under 4bucks a gallon in PDX FINALLY
F no!
redcard RT is it g 4 dude 2 tell another dude man u put a smile on my face U made my day?
I'm watchin and Philly's got not just the lead I saw, but in doubledigits.
no problem, the for follow you too
so does anyone have a bike they would let me borrow/have/buy for cheap?
i need one.
You made me blush and made my day!
thanks for reading and tweeting!
3
Just saw a job posting.
Gotta ask, where did some folks get the 'you should work for free' mentality?
Jeb Bush prob thinking less about endorsing Mitt than the fact he might be the greatest victim of antinepotism in history
The Nuggets game?
My tweets are not that fun.
Disclaimer.
I love when ?
text me 
Happy Holidays everyone!
Words can't describe how much I love Lauryn Horstdaniel.
Shake shake shake....shake shake shake....shaky your booty....shake your booty.
This was the 1 song this day in 1976.
Great question!
Would love to hear too.
I have found good third party websites but no plugins
When I'm alone, I can sleep crossways in bed without an argument.
Zsa Zsa Gabor
good cause my sauces are legendary....
Have the courage to live.
Anyone can die.
Robert Cody
: just informed me that pretending you're not going to have feelings doesn't make it so....bummer.
it is truth!
so you don't see a difference between control and regulation?
iPhone 4S Ultimate Bike Pack At Heart Rate Monitors California
how is the twitter crash course coming?
Missed you guys
ur so pretty and i love the wayy yhu dance :
Interesting!
RT : to judge some party.
You say macarons and will be there.
thanks anabel for following!
oh lol just thought maybe you had something else to do or something.
I was looking for you.
I Don't Care What Walmart You Go To...
They All Hood...
Smh
Married love of life on 17th.
Been busy but so happy!
trailer park boys?
Completely surprised my mother today with balloons, food, and love!
yeah it's a great concept.
They're definitely onto something...
Will do!
Glad you enjoy the milk.
Awesome...i'll be sure to stop by and see you guys
Tessa yelled for me while she was in the shower, I ran into the bathroom and she looks at me being dead seriousgoes do I look fat?
lol
But we do decide that very thing every day: in wars, in funding for disaster aid, in abortions.
We already have the right.
Jealous!
Gotta hear how it was.

misterbigham listens too hard.
follow me i am as i am following you friends
wellplayed.
With my fucking ride or die bitch GIOVANNA ROdoctorGUEZ!!!!
BOSS!!!!
Daedelus set giving me ear problems.
From a big fan!
I sure hope you get a lot of playing time this year!
doctorve to to the hoop more, pull the defense to you!
I want to see the hunger games
Likewise!
Let's hang back home some time lol.
Are u sticking around now?
: awesome to hang with u in LA!
now officially in my late twenties.
does this mean i get to take more naps?
i have no idea and probably not just make sure you ask her today how many hours you need ans then see if you need to go
One day, a man walks into a bear
I want to follow a random family around Disney world for a day, and just be in the background of all of their photos.
Bitches Brew has been my goto writing/reading record for years
As opposed to anyone else on the bench?
Nigga you Aint Got To Text Me !!!!!
I can hear fine!
...
Follow me please
Finally hollywood puts out a great movie.
Go see black swan
Most of America.
I never see anything below an XL touch clearance racks in NYC.
It's expensive being skinny here.
Scott  can't wait to see you at the Gallery in the next day or two!
HOW YOU DOIN
The ROsCars are this weekend.
Best party in ROC is !
do u have your tix?!
We'll be watching for Ray Rhodes RT : thanks.
Was going to go with Lindy Infante.
In due time
RT : Yay!
RT : Campaigns are out...content platforms are in
came into our store once, bought a collection of lullabies.
When a coworker realized who it was he bolted out the door after him
TV Review: 39;30 Rock39;: A visit to the set
when i think of house i think pitbull and afrojack.
lmao electro has been doo doo too.
:,
Reserve your spot and take advantage of the early bird special just send in your registration fee of 40.00 by this evening!
Don't Miss out!
Great presentation last night!
Got really good takeaways.
which I will be implementing immediately.
TGIF already?
Let's see superb meetings, Ins Agents digging the PhotoSheets  Emergency Response time, yep a good week for Call Paul indeed!
True sneaker junky
4 on the Charts  feeling the love Colorado...
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
Joseph Addison
Who do the Redsox bring out to close the game?
I say Aceves.
I woke up scared as ah bitch
Congrats to Louisville for a great season.
I respect that whole team except Behanan, he's a jackass.
Anita THANK YOU!!!
RT Great Pic!!
RT : Four reasons why I LOVE being a Mom
Official timeout; I should say so, if you could see the carnage and mess that I'm seeing...
dear God, I love derby!!
:
Had so much fun at Charlie's and neves party!!
Davila
follow me please?????': 333333 :D
RandomThingsThatAnnoyMe  People who start every sentence with So...
try computer doctor on Temple...we love them!!
True I just estimated on the pages but I say around 230 more pages but I still dont know how my novel will end
that does sound better.
lol i remember yesterday you were like lets go watch t.v, yet we never did.
HAHA
Curry's Auto Service Summer Sweepstakes
Pure pressure is a bitch, so here I am actually tweeting for the first time.
I'm such a sellout, I love it, lol.
I know and no one said anything to me till it was to late :
Dont forget to like us on Facebook!
www.facebook.com/EzAsSquEZ
Went to Sea World SD last night.
They provided us with a list of all their foods and allergens in the park.
Very helpful.
I remember watching Mike Cameron launching four home runs against the White Sox, unfortunately.
Hoping everyone had a safe and fun holiday!
is trying to sue Dokken for putting out an album that came out ten years before their shitty label was founded!
Fuck Jesus!
Everybody finish this phrase.
You know you in the hood when......
This.
More than 3 losses and Tebow is in.
RT : Mark Sanchez gonna get pulled for Tebow by week 6
Thank you 9th Circuit.
A letter from Houston Baker to Reed in which he offers an antiJudeoChristian autobiography to Reed's publishing house.
sounds like funsuper sleepy though.
Any ideas?
Susanna is in charge of them from here on out.
She has my memory card.
But I am sure they will be up soon.
Awesome games last night and Keep up the winning streak!!
RVA How have you or a family member contributed to Black History?
Second Baptist Church, West End wants to hear from you.
Insanity!
2nd time had my bank account hacked.
Clearly it's a European virus/hack.
Last time was also upon return from Italy.
Safety people.
you are Katy Wright.
The semester doesn't stand a chance.
so cal so what?

Love those Cats
I think we can win in Boston
: earrings with an s lol 
hello follow me please ; bye
for sure.
So downtown this weekend?
I'll give you a call sometime to let you know what I'm doing.
You will be jealous.
Sometimes......I wanna set the world on fire....
Care to help with the rocket building portion?
I am horrible at science.
yeah, we just got home from eating at Frickers!
Lebron mvp should have taken it but he copd outRT : guess that means wade was mentally weak for missing that layup?
right?
anyo
Lolol.he said do u got a number lmfao.wth?
Thats a weird way to ask.
But FIKHIOVNZVG
I've been listening to 1969 for days straight!
The talk I had with my stepdad 
I'm not smiling no matter what you say to try an make me :p
Great opening monologue Ms.
nf cast member
well that's also part of spring clean up.
Kudos.
;
You can just look at Pau Gasol and tell that he smells bad.
yes part of broadway across america
6: choose the best solution based on your current and future requirements.
Numerous CRM solutions for functionality.
cc'
Hey, , are we talking about the same Clive here?
Fielder flies out to left to end the 1st.
00 heading to the 2nd.
Change, when it comes, cracks everything open.
bruce almighty in chinese.
I get to go kitty shopping today!
There's always some truth behind: Just kidding, Knowledge behind: I don't know, Emotion behind: I don't care  Pain behind: It's okay.
Why is Jacoby Jones trending...?
I didn't know he was so popular...
Math test in a few, not happy : xx
AYMD: first panel was The Collision of Privacy and Openness; second is Creating and Sustaining Trust.
Nasty breakin ball
Loving this new apartment .
:
CA Initiative Process began 100 yrs ago today.
professorGlenn Smith proposes noticecomment process 4 initiatives.
How would u improve process?
He's a BIG fave at our house!
RT : You got to know when to hold 'em.
know when to fold 'em.
True for business opportunities too.
I'm following you now :
Hot Dog dominated the sausage race today.
The more time I have to process, the more content I am with this.
It wasn't sped up; so next season can be absolutely wonderful.
March madness begins...
Let's get it Hoosiers!
Great to be an Orioles fan today
porcaro's deep pockets!
just submitted my harassment story...
my pleasure!
I may keep the Stayhomereadball party over the weekend :
Meg39;s Musings: The Importance of Punctuation....
Today is my Birthday please Follow me and my two friends and and i will give u a followback :
How does this contraption work?!
Yo!
What's up??
Open the door !
Another SOBCon Chevy ready to leave in 10 minutes from the Hotel 71.
I miss you shorty!!
Never hit me up??Change that
Yea i hear you talking shit but i let it slip cuz im not getting down to your level
People are not lazy.
They simply have impotent goals  that is, goals that do not inspire them.
I hate country.
Judge me.
I'm trying to use a credit online  doesn't work and I'll get when I call is rather lovely spa music...
pick up the phone
Monday's Events: Log Sawing Contest, Harness Racing, Jr.
Dairy Showmanship Contest and The Robinson Family  a musical experience.
WUZ UP BITCH
Why are British and Australian Guys so hot???
Overwhelmed with how much packing I still have to do
RT : A lot of opportunities to win prizes at gpacacmoacac12.
Come by booth to get you torch sticker and country star.
1st day went well.
Can't wait to learn more tomorrow.
: Triple H, Justin B., and 50Cent really???
COTTO WHOOP THIS NIGGAS ASS!!!!!!!
so good.
Believe me.
Happy Founders Day to the First Black Sorority  Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.
104 years and still going strong!
The sun is out in KC and the day ahead will give us challenges.
Be thankful you are alive.
Hug your loved ones.......
fingers gotta stay off the trigger till you're ready to shoot
Bought almond flour today to make macarons :
I'm more of a Buddha girl if I'm honest
lol okay ill see u on there
that was supernice
BGC: camilla did her damn thing rest of them bitches is wack.
Red head erika need her ass whooped!
I did!
It's so gorgeous out today!
ttw2011 Individual definitions of privacy online always come down to privacy and agency.
I tweet what the FUCK I want...NoFilter homie!
Denver Keep smiling  it makes people wonder what you've been up to.
Author Unknown
did you remember to bring a banana?
LOL!!
Even practically onehanded, Radar always seemed to get more done than anyone else!
I'd expect nothing less from JR.
Nobody is better at the meaningless 3
...need to restock my fruits and veggies to make smoothies
In all, I don't see why NZSUSD, AUDJPY, USDJPY will eventually tag their respective 61 fibs of major leg up.
u sleep
Oh, it was One Direction on SNL.
They looked so young!
Heading back to Syracuse after a wonderful week in California with
Check out the VIP lounge you all will get to chill in at my Single Release Party on May 25, 2012!!!
Sit back  watch the performance.
Thanks for the RT!
I found a Mourdock supporter.
He says that he feels like has become less conservative  wants someone new
Call us if you need a ride!
3639027
well ya know that's how we do it in the ATL lol  btw Austell lately?
Happy 2012 if I don't hear fr U til' thenenjoying Ur twts!
i was telling Oscar about my ex and stuff and he was like you need to move on and be with me i was like :o
HAHA!
Ass, that almost made me spit out my bloody marry when I opened that pic!
Adore your mexican skulls!
x
decisions decisions
: LOL OMG.
ALL DAY ERR DAY XD IN THE CAR..
LOL dying.
musiclib2010 Hot Topic 1: What are we going to do about collecting sound recordings?
Congratulations to the people of Egypt!
still no leads on the blender; we're camping this weekend so its ok...any luck on your end?
By monday we will NEED one!
We have a full time temp office clerical opening at MM Office Interiors from 4/66/20 for 10/hr.
Let me know if you know of anyone.
and I'm media trained...
I like to talk about myself...
A LOT!
Phyllis Diller Never go to bed mad.
Stay up and fight.
Croatia :D
I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album 20 OFF  Free Shipping Carlos by Carlos Santana  Ends April 27
She's sweet.
I'm wild.
We're dangerous.
Yes.
You have a lot of energy.
That's good for radio.
Are Lakers better without m w p?
tell me how you did when you done
Uh, hello.
I'm doing some research.
What do you think of when you think of California?
Thanks.
Let those who underestimate your weaknesses see how strong you can be with God.
Looking for the PERFECT gift?
Treat someone you LOVE and YOURSELF!
For every 150.00 spent in Holiday Giftsets receive a 20.00 Giftcard!
I know!?
Harmiane and Ron got together.
I was legit up on my feet clapping!
I KNEW IT.
I KNEW THEY WOULD GET TOGETHER!
So smart RT : PTs have been great, we are just careful not to step on toes when they refer over, we refer back
Come on home Chicago Bulls,we still love u.
You made it this far and you're still winners.Real fans never give up.
thanks.
And now, I finally graduate.
:
Hoochie, goes ho's like that always be on the track
Welcome back for another great Lagond school year!
Busy weekend with interviews, article writing, and working with our webpage designers Can't WAIT to debut the webpage to you all!!!!
:
What's cooler then being cool.....
Password change :
.
EndingOurPrivacy with CISPA?
OK: I had cereal for breakfast this morning.
Mark Cuban is responsible for the Dallas Mavericks collapse in the playoffs.
He's in charge  he's going to do what he wants, regardless.
Why cant you just be happy for me..
At home with my baby girl and why you acting up
eh.
Could be better.
But okay.
How are you?
I don't let people walk on me so I'm not going to keep people around who talk crap about me
More from the Overheard at the Quick Stop series: There IS a difference between me and you...
I DON'T suck!
You can be a victor without having a victim.
You can't change people.
Not everybody wants change.
Focus on the change within yourself.
No regrets.
No looking back.
I still don't understand what Star Wars and/or dogs have to do with Volkswagens.
evening everyone.
lol well im gone put n n get another room
okay Goodnight!
Sweet doctorams!
X
lol i bet you bumbled saying it :P
Tomorrow night party people!
Stella's Starlight featuring Caress Sahura!
We.
Are.
Ready.
Q;How Come we never hooked up?
A; Cause Youu Think You Can Play Out Every Girl That Hook Up With You And Im Not Down With That Bro!!
If arab ass says We The Best one more time I'm gonna scream lol
also let me know when you might be in New York and I can arrange a meeting.
Call me so we can discuss,or lets meet up.
Lunchtime quickie, anyone??
Our lunch specials are fast and super affordable!
Available 11am4pm daily

alright I got my old twitter back !
Lol
Question from the floor to : pd2.0 is defined by what?
Internet usage?
More Actors?
I know it.
In my hometown.
did you see the Spanish booths in already?
Resol: 1020, Kettal: E733, Porcelanosa and Interiors From Spain: 1024.
See u there!
single, i guess.
I think....
Purple Friday here in Baltimore!
Have a great weekend.
Leave the car take a taxi.
Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
.
always has the best bumper music, but why no ?
difficult to grade papers made of outlandish claims, for i love them
Happy birthday !!!!!!
Enjoy this rainy Monday!
Woo hoo!
My realjob business cards came in time for rootstech!
RT : I'm not popular bt I have good friends, I'm not rich bt I have what I need, I may not be liked bt I know I'm loved 
As Virgos come and go i This Virgo stay on this planet till' the very END
Seriously hate this basketball game.
It cheats.
Other teams rock and my team sucks!
We always lose!
I've never been a D.
Howard fan.
Why doesn't he take anything serious?
Yeah, everything happens for a reason.
But you just fucked up.
sometimes i seriously think that you were doctorpped on the head as a baby  it worries me.
like idgaf if i get hate for this but fuck you.
bitch is really geting off...
Will treatment be limited to stabilization if aesthetics can be handled digitally?
It's Shanshan new social media intern at StudyBreaks.
How's your day?
The tables are turning!
FINALLY!
Back atcha!
: RT : BayArea LOVE to Museum of the African Diaspora's young professorssionals organization.
Lmao oops yeah I did.
I always have my goldfish
Is it only or is everyone elses mentions unorganized?
Yes, doctorgons happened
I love orange juice with the pulp : Idk why ppl don't like it .
does that number have some kind of significance?
;
I'm just so happy!
May 5 Amina Figarova sextet in Night town Cleveland OH
We are heading back to high school today.
Fittingly, met in high school and we are joining the BMYA's class today!
Heat 4th qtr performance is a management issue.
I love you 3
Just starting to feel better.
Looking forward to getting back to painting.
I've seen Meloetta, though I assume they'll hold off on releasing her until her movie comes out.
cool, thanks.
I'll help out.
Please write a comment below, so we could help you more
Come to hillcrest to see 8pm.
iWillNeverTrust men ever again thanks to my ex...
This also means that there will be a regular Geek Crash Course page in the magazine!
More coming down the pipeline too!
Freaking notebook is on...I'm gonna go be a little bitch and cry now.
Will do my friend!
They're blasting Irish music during the break.
Seems like the place to hang.
We're keeping it real 4 you.
Glad to hear it!
:D
I think that is called
So it would be like 'a year of buying American' blogs or 'a year of buying from Blackowned businesses, I'm tentatively
April showers bring May flowers.
Who is ready for Lilac Fest!?
Most rainfall in April in ROC since 1929, so I'm expecting beautiful flowers
okay so I'm not going to bed until you follow me:
He knocked you up, denied hat shxt, and you still took him back ...
You better than me
no the one where I wish graduating students well.
Super tired.
Super bowl tommorow RT if your watching it.
Night 3:p
OK...
this new Jack White album is some serious shit!
love it!
Giving a stream of What people are saying on Twitter can help reduce decision making anxiety.
I don't think straight people even think of DPs or CUs benefitting them, unless maybe they're old.
hello darlin!
i bought the last brown leather bracelet  room service today.
i would love two more.
have any available?
thx!
Ugh!
All this damn doctorwsiness.
Maybe if I eat more it'll ease up....
as much as I wish, he isn't my man...
/3
it has been fun hasn't it?
Have a great night!!
:
I'm gonna start tweeting more often.
Dammit!!
My battery is dying.
FUCK!
houseboat rentals in kentucky Houseboat Rentals  Boatel
Thanks for sticking around :
not tryin to go to school tama .
My twitter app keeps force closing on me :/ so to those who followed me or r going 2, I promise I will follow back, but mayb not right away
I don't understand you...
wait till they doctorp?
I hear there's a twitcam tomorrow.
It better not be while I'm at school.
Just watch it will be.
Moving On To The Next Topic Trend Mahomie4Life And Forget About All This doctorma.
Redsnow Jailbreak seems pretty smooth!
Welcome to twitter:
We have 15 students and 11 staff members and the field trip bus they sent us holds 19.
This is education, folks.
i'm a little biased but knocking everyone's socks off and the debut lp from levek!
There's still time to get Mom that special something Fri, Sat  Sun enjoy 15 off handcrafted items instore and online!...
thanks roz, you should be in IT...
i know i used to do that if the female wasn't in a relationship for at least 6 months or married i wasn't interested
have fun love
We move forward with somebody that isn't a dumb asshole.
Ugh, I don't even know how I'm going to run the mile for gym tomorrow.
i want these egg rolls in my mouth hole!!!!!!!
: If you're not getting someone's attention, don't give them yours.
You're only empowering someone to hurt you.
Watching all these Nicholas Sparks movies makes me wish there were actually guys like that out there...
:
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 55
Free screenings tonight: Salmon Fishing in Yemen at AMC Northpark, Seeking Justice at Cinemark 17, Jeff Who Lives at Home at the Magnolia.
I wanna go to a camp in July!!
HAahahahaha so happy
That's a good thing.
Love the CAPS?
We have 2 GREAT tickets for tonight's game for the FB fan who first posts a picture of our logo somewhere interesting....
Thanks for the link Debbi.
Hard to believe only 11 months have passed since we wrote about residents in the area rising up.
GM!
we are holding a benefit for on April 28th.
Any chance you could donate something signed???
hi baby.
i love you
: Facebook surpasses Yahoo, now 2 in daily traffic
Hey!
It's there every now and again.
Honest.
someone in cracker barrel said that she loved my band and that shes seen us three times haha
I got faith in my team
: Single, taken, in a relationship; are all just terms.
Your status is measured by your actions.
Luv this guy RT this NOW!
Hey guys ill give you a shout out if you follow and RT this tweet I am checking if you followed so get to following ;
An Artist Immortalizes His Father Max Ferguson spent decades painting hyperrealist portraits of his father around New York City, as both
All I want is a beautiful day spent outside with my 3'd ones.
30 hardball season again!
We won today; I went 13 w/ 2 RBIs  pitched a respectable inning.
The HGH really helped this offseason
At Foundations in Las Vegas right now then AMOA Amusement Expo starting tomorrow.
Busy times but always good to network and meet new people
summer 2012 is so close 3
Maybe records management has jaded me, but, after reading some recent articles by archivists, I feel more outside the box thinking is needed
haha yeah, and omg i saw peachs a couple of weeks ago!
sorry, I only fish with whoever offers the most money
Tomorrow on the TJMS: Tyler Perry's chatting with the crew and discussing Madea Gets A Job Tune in!!
We are in Phoenix AZ.
We are named after Seth Godin's book Purple Cow and we also own Golf Realty Network
Lady at PacSun just asked me if I came into the store 2 summers ago w/o shoes.
Told her she had a great memory
I'll always love him...
No matter what.
Thanks for the advice.
I will try the un and pw as soon as I can even get the page to load!
yeah been mad busy..
Ive been up there all week tho..
Yo ass needs to call me lol
I touched the screen for you !You are the best around they will hire you!
I'll be there!!
home alone  dont have shit to do 
backinthedaywheniwasakid i used to brake little boys arms when they called me golly green giant..lol
By The Way, True Freedom is Financial Freedom!
Im waiting for the pizza man to deliver my PIZZA !!
im starvin like Marvin
Haha...
nearly lost it there.
You're right, the last line didn't help.
Tonight!
LIVE Haters for Hire.
Molly Sharrow, Michael Buzzelli, and Kurt Branagan tonight at the Steel City Improv Theater.
9:30 Show.
Good morning : TGIF lol i wish i could be with you today and..
forever
almost like they say hahah i going to fuck wit mommy mind so she cant get play lol
yeah i picked that lol
What do all you archivists think of this?
If you can't protect it, don't collect it.
via Wish I could've gone to
My show airs every Sunday about this time.
if I were you I'd give it up and take up something else haha there's nothing to look forward to
William Punshon Cowardice asks Is it safe Expediency asks Is it politic But Conscience asks Is it right
goodnighttweet Sweet doctorams!
During the new Jersey Shore tonight has an announcement about the VMAs!
Hope she's performing!:3
still burping smoke lmao
Filling in for someone tonight for the CSSC means I'm missing my Hoosiers kick ass.
What a bummer
Kobe with 40
okay ya'll sorry about that.
I am done with my rant.
lol but anywayyyyyyss, I WANT SOME STARBUCKS!
I spend 350 a week on average.
Is that low or high?
We appreciate you!
AIDSWALK12 RT : Early morning start!
Walking with in the walk today!
because your protected tweets piss me off!
Lol
I really, really enjoy using Grooveshark.
I prefer it over Pandora at work, actually.
Lets me make my own playlists so I don't go nuts.
Your love has me locked up behind bars.
I LOVE YOU!
:D
Fountain's Dictum: There is an inverse relationship between the use of LOL and the hilarity of the previous utterance.
It seems to me that the secret of life consists in simply accepting it as it is....
Juan De La Cruz
Thanks.
No, you weren't the house spinster as you didn't have enough cats.
Spinster have cats.
Lots of cats.
what i love you ?
i need u :/
I found this quote that you should follow .
have a good day and Run your Day.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Champagne and beer tonight.
Pain tomorrow.
I'm going to be SO ready for my juice fast on Sunday!
I wonder how many of my Wisconsin dwelling friends/family are at Miller Park right now?
Go Brew Crew, Happy Home Opener!
Everybody getting they're panties in a bunch instead of thinking logically about the whole situation.....
Now Following Go FOLLOW:
i kno that must look good
I live in poland and you?
; D
check out my music on facebook!
goo.gl/ejx0Q RT
Walking around all day.
3
Tpain on the court can't hit free throws an now goal tends...
I play better pick up ball
Must be 37 sentences.
Yeah, I'm only writing 3...
Charlie Sheen is planning a humanitarian trip to Haiti because He says he wants to show them what a real disaster looks like
We got featured in the Ext JS newsletter for the Ski Crystal Mobile.
Thanks!
I'll be
You need an excuse?
Santos up 50 will make us 51 in Soccer today S42 dimes get on the list I
well, what about your mom's chicken?
to watch Alladin
I think I already have one!
how can i get signed to your label
I second the triplesieve suggestion because I can't think of anything good on my own.
Ah, how wonderful!
Loved Coles's dad: Bobby, if youve got Middlemarch, you dont need anything else.
there should be more to come in the following days.
the team is retiring for the evening.
will keep you posted.
great show in SEA.
That Suks!
Ugh the only thing about me is that my wish is to meet which i know will never ever happend!:
The fact that they keep showing that notification months after we've agreed doesn't help my confidence in
Learn how to swim so you can get deep, the shallow end is overcrowded.
I'd say its a dead tie b/wn the two for me.
Hi : thanks for following/grazie per i seguenti much love.
You are one of the most beautiful girls I've seen!!
Gorgeous!!
thankful for today...
Even with the snow!
Caught my first Medeski, Martin  Wood show last night at the HOB in SD.
Highly recommended.
I took a B12 Vitamin pill, and I feel like I'm having a heart attack and want to skateboard at the office right now
Have something you want to let Moms know about?
Send us your press releases and pitches to !
Rocking out at Luxotica showroom thanks to my friend Junior.
Glenfiddach I love, Lapfroaig, sorrytoo much peet for me.
form post?
Great workout.
A little tanning action.
Now headed home for some dinner.
It' s what you learn after you know it all that counts.
oh if you want to share one with me i'll write you a haiku a day for a week :
These Salisbury U librarians are Prezi geniuses!
Great presentation on getting students into info literacy.
Ima kick your balls to your throat.
Did teach you nothing?
Don't chase your doctorams...
Catch Your doctorams
At Dullesn to Aspen for Ideas Festival TOTN from there Tues, Weds, fron Denver Thurs
haha im going to come in and be like hi ms simmons, i have a delivery for abby horan i mean what ?!
haha
Taylor didn't even tell us she changed her hair!!!
:'
Emerging markets as colleagues rather than customers, changes the mindset from help them to work with them
is enough for a lifetime, but a lifetime is not enough for music.
Sergei Rachmaninoff
1.
I am quite excited about the debut on 2.
I am rather worried about 's news today about her health.
It was so great meeting you today!
Thank you for all your kind words.
I might have picked up SO SHELLY on the way home...
Smokers likely to develop calculus on teeth, deep pockets in gums  suffer bone loss.
www.perio.org/consumer/smoking.htm www.closys.com
Breaking up is hard but we all have to do it
bb13, watching flashbacks from last night, Shelly talking about Anthony Weiner, and how he disgraced himself
Cool!!
looking forward to it brotha.
Man dis week went bye so fast man 
Watching new years fireworks from the beach in Wailea, Maui was an amazing start to the year.
Back to Seattle in the morning!
DoE: Anything else not captainred in app that you feel would help our screeners?
Me: I'm applying even though you've no idea wtf you're doing.
dude!
The new professorle pic is totally creepy!
GO PATS
Rick Ross  McDonalds
I'm sorry the timezones r soo off I'm in australia : r u officially on summer brek now?
Flat tire on the way to work this morning.
Luckily I have chocolate in my desk.
this is cracking me up
When you Love People...that makes God HAPPY!..GetOnBoard
DODGERS GAME Tmister NIGHT!!
YAY!D needa go pickup some Dodgers gear thooooo
Your Buatiful and it's killin me !
And trust me I didn't try for 15 and a half years of school and did just fine
is a disgusting person omg..
I hope you know that you are awful and are just trying to get attention but seriously leave Naya alone
get anything good?
that looks and sounds DELICIOUS!
Time to get a king sized bed?
RT : 85 of sellers want more service NOT less commission.
Via crs210nm   though they may pay more they net more!
Good Morning!!
:
Employment in the U.S.
healthcare sector grew by 21,000 jobs in June, according to recent data from the federal Bureau of Labor Statistics.
hell ya get one month free on like a ps3 or Xbox or if your tv has it!?
Then 8 bucks a month!!
Do worth it!
why would you make coffee at this time?!
went to the store today to get a magazine with you in it.
You were in all of them.
This is getting expensive.
Lol
Most people would like to be delivered from temptation but would like it to keep in touch.
Robert Orben
truth, almost as much as an 18 yr old Austin
I will get latest and try again.
IM HUNGRY
Loved your show !!!
Amazing pieces.
bong bong
With all the dirty, lowdown, gritty grooves you got in The Grifter's Hymnal I needed to take a shower after listening.
FANTASTIC
That was kinda ironic if you ask me!
lol I'm gonna assume this is about me and my truck ;
comes back I hope the lines between Clana v.
Clois will NEVER be blurred.
The way you have told the story, Lois is it for Clark.
Thank you!!!
Losing a patient is always hard to deal with, even when you know it's inevitable.
no, i'm not gonna do this all summer again.
smiles Okay then.
What's up?
: Just remember who has always been there for you when everyone else wasn't.
Choose to be present in this moment, it is in this moment that peace resides and true transformation takes place
Shout out to for trying to jab me in the jaw after I gave him a nookie
also Art Garfunkel and Tom Waits
RT : Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.
William Butler Yeats
SOMEBODY SHOUT ME OUT!!!!
PLZ!!
not forcing yhu though
bout 2 make a move ima check bac later!!!!!!!!!
El indio no vive sin la tortilla.
RT : If you don't like most ppl, it may be time to look at yourself as the source of the problem
Depends somewhat on type of book, but generally 9.99 is the new ceiling for mass consumption.
Naw just beats only, are you looking for some tracks?
Took a much needed nap.
Feeling better!
:
how annoyed are you buy the take this survey hurdles in place on Adweek?
friction sucks
Beautiful Friday to you too and thank you for the FF Have a wonderful weekend!!
Does anyone want to see Shen Yun with me at the Lincoln Center in case can't go..
I'm an insomniac and I STILL don't think there are enough hours in the day.
what bro, thats a cool story.
where at?!
yes maaaam.
What days are yal stayin?
Momma have one in the oven?
after 's previous post i've discovered that 'butter cook' is a MEMBER of a band called 'the fruitnannys'.
pretty mediocre imo.
that is very acurate lol A
Jared jefferies look like a poor man swizz beats
may be the only person in beavercreek that doesnt get high and has never been high.
What time is it where you live?
It's 8:42am where I live.
Wbu?
You're welcome!
Like we are the team of Exlpore Fulton Market 2012.
Learn about us, join in the fun and celebrate the WestLoop!
When pretty people call me pretty.
c:
I told you idk who's going.
Do you want be to ask my friend?
I will!
TebowTime returns this week!!
Well said.
Me too!
RT : In tears here watching cnnheroes So inspiring.
So much hope.
Truly moving.
LOLL those were funny tweets to justin lolol3
Need help filing your tax return?
Call me!8911970 or visit me at my office: 804 Webster St.
What position needs to be the doctorfts top priority?
He got sum Bomb ass pussy from a white lady.
Kansas is playing like a 16 seed
I'm bored  my mentions are dead...
Tweet me which bromance you ship the hardest!
: go go go!
just remember how the family of contortionists would feel is they read that tweet k
Stop seeking to destroy everything you hate, and start creating anything you love.
wow that is so nice of u that is why r my roll model my everything I 3 U.
haha yeah.
crazy stuff man.
I'm glad they're having fun.
I'm just concerned about all their younger fans and their BTR's image.
k.
When?
At times I just wanna cuddle, and watch a a movie until I'm knocked.
oh yeah?
NW Transformers.
The last one.
same here :
At youth group playing gaga ball
If I need it, yes.
He sounds like he's the real deal this time though.
Yall can pick up yo size braw an just go, me I can't do that, an I hate it
Haha!
The pillow IS their weapon!
our carpet got a bit wet, but other than that, we survived the storm.
you?
Damn creeping on OLD tweets haha
Y.O.F.O You Only Famous Online
why do people even say 'smh' i find it very stupid.
Praying for everyone's safety with all these storms.
Yikes!
right before he died.
As much as this week at SXSW was bizarro and wonderful, I am so ready to come home to Boston.
If only I wasn't laid over for so long :
Charlie Bragale and guests are in studio, on News4 set
i'm sure you heard about what happened with me in the caf lol
Thank you!
Have a great Friday!
Be sure to stay tuned to our website  www.LuxeEssentials.com for new updated images of our products!
Sad ending to a great game played by the Badgers.
Finally finished Catching Fire.
yo!
What up, any rezzies for our wine din?
Pros and cons of normalizing the dataset, lots of idiosyncrasies that might be lost if they removed built in redundancies
Ball so hard NFL want fine me 
It's all about the hatred...
Isn't it, Georgia?
I'll take it.
Dozen years ago the NCLS worked out nicely.
He is so beautiful and knows fluent English :
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mommys out there :D!
milan, turin, padova and that fleshy place between thigh and buttocks.
Have You Tried: Kefir?
Omg why is my website awful and why haven't I been keeping up with it?
holy shit goddamn this playlist is like on fucking point
Have fun tonight  wish I could be there too!
I need something to happen to me today.
Somebody to that.
Sounds good and I'll let you know what I see in Digital Projects.
:
Yep...not done yet...windy through tomorrow and then it will calm down for a few days...chances for t'storms remain, though!
:
im just irritated af !
follow back?
3
My sister arriving in Hawaii would be the last of my worries...if Mauricio was in my hotel room!!!
hit the rocketballz and new Nike doctorver.
Both very smooth, Nike seemed like lower launch, but same distance.
i missed something here.
dare you to send that to Dan
Fell off my friends horse and was slurring my words..
im okay now..
working tomarrow :
20factsaboutme 7 My laptop is lime green!
.!!
HIP HOP...CUMBIA BACHATA...2 doctorNKS...FREE PARKING...GMIX LADIES SHAKING IT ...SATURDAY MATRIX WWW.G1PARTY.COM
It usually takes me more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
Check check 123.....
what it do Homie.
yeah I got a tatt shop
Prosecutor:when somebody's little girl doesn't wake up because of a criminal action there will be a fair trial.
and you kno this man
omfg I hate that ruins such a perfect thing called sleeping :P
Didn't know where my iPhone was for 10 seconds.
Literally had a heart attack.
Evanescence!!
aaaahhh Wake Me Up Inside
10thingsihateaboutyou : Bicth, i just hate you more than hating.
Up 31 heading into the top of the 5th!
Chris Smith now in to pitch for Washington
See you tonight for Muse talk
THEY ROCK
Romney's pattern of misstatement and distortion is the campaign's most underreported story.
Rest In Peace.
Donna Summer.
lol I got you I thought you were sayin she did, I was like the FUCK?
I couldn't figure out what was going on.
If they were that limited or the effect of cancelled galaxy foams
Trying to mentally prep for this weekend, FLT,hasbro party,3rd annual liberty Halloween party, and dgaf w/chris crisis!
We had a blast.
They asked good questions....and we're glad we freaked them out a little!
Thanks for having us at
with the license I have big dog
Black history, valentines day ,me n my twin brother b'day!
The month I made history!
The love month!
Blessed specialmonth :
exactly.
I just don't tell them that part.
;
I know I will but I don't want to go back lol
haha..I love how honest you are.
Wish more people were like you.
NO IWANT THE PREVIEW URGH IM SO IMPATIENT
: who's manning twitter???
Just some guy.
Maybe Wally or Taylor will honor us later.
washing my car
Tea and Lethargy
Awesome!
I'm sure Jack would agree :
Hope my bestfriend is feelin alright after her surgeryy!!
lol lets stalk him together lmao.
Wow!
We put the DollyParton wallet up for sale yesterday, and someone from FINLAND already purchased it!
FINLAND PEOPLE...
FINLAND!
this is real hair , my shit is NOT allowed to be pulled ..
you can rub yours hands through it tho' ...
Aye ; do me a favor follow my bo !
:
Annie, Get Your Gun!
I wish I could marry He just seems to have a beautiful soul.
can i get an, AMEN; lmao, im ready to see you in your doctorss
Billie Holiday would beg to differ.
To bad I'm not into Mormonizism, I would love to live in UTAH!
that's just any small school anonymous quote
My doctorws is sticking to me thats how long I slept
I guess you done feel the same??
:/
Ahh, if it could only be March again!!
I am always left home alone.
go see the Avengers!!!
Holed up in a hotel room in Pittsburgh, waiting for the next hockey game and wondering why I can't find olympics coverage.
on our website and twitter!
And for you web designers  our site will soon need a makeover.
Any portfolios out there?
I love the GK dance team.
Not gonna lie.
To get to Lincecum like they did, that has to be a confidence boost after 2 straight shutouts.
it was an odd night...I think I'm too old lol.
Its been a while since i've seen some Twitter After Dark shit on my tl...hmm..
Lets have a great Monday...
shit!
The ONE time I don't go to the bar...
In love with
thanks champion 3
Avg Apple household own 2.4 Apple devices rt Oneinfour iPad Purchases are made by FirstTime Apple Owners...
I wanna go see The Avengers.
This weekend.
Deep Blue Organ Trio, two sold out shows at Dizzy's Club Coca Cola last night!
Thanks all!
OH: That's it!
No iPad for a day.
woo, love the followers 3
Stinging gas sends May Day protesters fleeing  The State
nice shot!
where is simple math on your roadmap?
It would be more than a nice to have.
thanks for the follow!
i love DC hip hop
Sad that when I go grocery shopping I can only afford roundy's products
Bella and Zendaya Fan Forever!
!!
!!
Love  girls
omg my brother gave me pizza...
Improvise, adapt  overcome is still my favorite saying.
Great to meet with you as well...awesome to see you guys taking the biz to the next level.
Hey Liam PLEASE follow me!!
:
Hail the size of golf balls hitting my parents' car and making me feel like a sardine can in a rock slide?
Fun day...
FINALS, who ya got?
Today is World Water Day!
Join the conversation by following worldwaterday and
that is amazing.
Much better than what I had come up with.
you was a one man bitch, go ahead and make that switch.
i got the leather in my shit, your old man got that itch.
True...but I'd like to visit!
Patrick: Daddy, can a car go faster than a cheetah?
Me: Absolutely.
Thankfully, I still have ALL the answers to life's big questions.
Matt kenseth is a great spokesman for you, congrats!
Barometer, n.
An ingenious instrument which indicates what kind of weather we are having.
5 weeks of my life fit into 2 suitcases, a duffle and a backpack.
Sorry I am not sorry for checking all of them.
I can deal with a lot of things ...no sense of urgency is not one of these things.
LMS If You Have A Facebook
grinding at work and making people laugh
oh my...that is just a treasure trove of great ideas!
How many hours do you suppose I could spend exploring???!
Guess who just came off the SpaceX wait list!!!
Thanks so much for the review!
a must have for game days
goodnight have alot of doctoram!
cuz who doesnt like doctorams;P
Welcome!
RT : Officially walking marchforbabies305 with
I'll start believing your words, as soon as you start proving them.
that's how we do big sis!
I followed back.
awesome, thanks for the feedback!
She speaks the truth!
RT : Only in Ohio can u get all 4 seasons in 1 day...smh...
doctort!
My demands will never be met, I better start kidnapping more important shit!
Answer questions, share tips, help everyone  don't give away your secrets.
File under: lessons I still need to learn.
the federal poverty level for 2011 is an annual income of 10,890 for an individual.
TOMORROW NIGHT, TRAINING CAMP, PRESEASON, AND THE SEPTEMBER!!!!!
Truth.
RT : Our waiter is a total hottie!!
Once you start to dislike someone.
Everything they do begins to annoy you.
moved down here for a new job and to be with my fiance.
I make it up to Austin every now and then though.
Wax cokeshaped bottles with colored sugar water inside
I'll see if I can pass by maana.
Where did you get it?
Visit our website, we have lots of beautiful Apartments and USC Housing for Students!
www.sternmanagement.com
Aw !
I love you too !
If you need more Followers !
Tell me !
playing the part of a rockstar with a hobby that pays the bills.
Story of my life lol: Sunglasses  advil
Dear MLB Fans: say what you want about Bonds and Clemens now, cause you rooted for them then...
You could call the Arab Spring a food riot women out in the streets protesting price of bread.
We have been depleting the world's resources
BULLYING IS FOR LOSERS.
So be a W I N N E R .
And STAND GRAND.
When Lil Wayne got jumped into his gang, he threw a party like it was his bat mitzvah.
These people are unaware that the bubonic plague is in there midst.
Some of you people crack me up, putting lol at the end of the sentence, knowing good and damn well you typed it with a straight face.
I had a similar experience with this winter.
Between this  , I am so disillusioned.
...
behind a computer will only doctorve you to depression, and defeat.
May the 4th be with you!
How about using social media/Web 2.0 tools for engaging citizens in policy development outside public meetings?
Hey WI, be sure to go out and vote today!
And seriously bummed to hear about your back.
I hope that works itself out quickly.
Thats not always bad!
RT : Home sweet home on da solo..
Check out San Diego Natural History Museum through Jan 15 for the All That Glitters display of gems and mineral exhibition at Balboa Park.
Might be back early, so I'll be able to track out those joints!
the chick in the UCPA
I'm good Lood
it's still light out and I'm going to bed.
That makes us so happy.
Did you change it all together, or get a quick freshen up?
Really really like him alot
5 available readers on ShindigTarot.com ready to give free tarot readings for
you want to see it if so i can send u a pic of it but any way do u got any pics
I would love to talk to you today.3
That's all kinds of f'ed up
Hot dog hot dog hot diggity dog
Watching GameofThrones...
Yeah Buddy
Thank you David.
Have an awesome weekend!
Thanks!
We're all tired on this end.
Hope you and Stassja are well.
I'm having serious heartache pains for Dollhouse.
What an awesome show.
Are you fucking kidding me NBC?
Read it and weep bitches
ok maybe he was kidding :
Why, oh why, did Geico decide it was a good idea to bring that pig back?
I must be hooked on phonics...
I'm confused.
Have you created a user guide yet.
Also, I want 212.931.9020 not the venue's number.
Pretty much dead on all accounts.
I think H wrote something recently  I haven't written in a while, either.
Might as well stop.
tell the cousins hi!
I just screamed WHAT?!?
at my phone upon realizing Adam Yauch died today.
Sadness.
Lots of it.
no clue but huge amounts of parents pick up.
If Tiger wins more majors than Jack, does that make him better?
Read about it hereWWW.ussportspages.com
Tonight ....
Late night check in at The McKittrick Hotel Excited beyond words  Are you ready?
The idea that havenots are really soontohaves is a fantastic lie that keeps the nevertohaves in line.
great day except for that  parking ticket.
Grr.
: Leos are always ready to throw down for the people they love.THIS!!!!
Just saw a license plate that read brahin
It's the afternoon here, and I'm still having a hard time!
Study the matchups and maybe you can pick a winner busboy!
Words cannot express how awesome last night's Radiohead concert was.
Actually, they can...but I'm too lazy to write a review.
You're very welcome!
In glad I could help.
ah!
I'm a day late but I love that you hung out there  thought of me!
Paradiso is magical.
do you know if we had to do all the atc's for chapter 8 and 9?
who do u want dude???;D
can someone give me a WOOF?
Kinda bored!
computer?
or...
fersure bro I should be in pretty good shape by then aswell.
A woman asked me while I was carrying a camera at the track meet I was shooting, do u work for the news or ru just a really dedicated dad?
The fact that I'm still watching a show where hair gel is an acceptable plot line says something about me.
Something bad.
and has changed the game for me.
3 films and 3 web series booked in the month of January alone.
I do, bunch of varieties at various generations.
60mph to 75mph down to 45mph then back up...
knows what I'm talking about lol....
watchin get rich or die trying
Going to sleep.
Find me at the Grog Shop where I will buy you nothing.
Unless you are
iv'e been trying to tell them that for like an hour :/
i freak out everytime i watch it33333
lol yeah but they live in communities with just them and they don't use cars or any other electricity...
Lol
Last I saw Hazard was wanting Fergie to make a move, where's he wanna go now then?
come play tonite!!!!
sorry we try to only follow those who follow back.
good luck out there!
if u follow us we will follow you back
Okay, that IS disgusting.
I hope you feel better!!
3
thanks for following!!
XOXO love the site!
trying to nominate a project, when I preview it keeps telling me the why field is blank even though it's not.
What am I missing?
Just Breathe!
If I wasn't in Atlanta traffic I'd be a little confuse seeing a grown ass man blasting Rihanna's Birthday Cake
If i dont tweet back then my cell tower is done cause its storming.
Excited to announce on 6/4!
McFadden is legit franchise back.
Shades of
Thanks for connecting here Jaime!
.55/sf CARPETS YOUR HOME installation only  material IE: carpet  pad Extra
Black youth unemployment rate is 40.
The social engineering of high minimum wages has eliminated entry level rung on employment ladder.
That's where I stopped!!
RT : It's been pretty bad to south  west.
18 inches of water on road at 11th  Layton apparently
Rita Ora would be so much better if she made songs Lana Del Rey style.
She's so pretty but makes shit music
thx for the follow!
Please go send your love to  he's not feeling up to par today!
Lol just passed by.
Haha can you send me a pic of the green paper?
I lost it.!
Please 4 more followers!
like women who have tats
paleo snacks on the beach!
I love my beef jerky!
It's a blizzard!
Glad I got home ok..
.
.
.
whew!
The weather folks were right :
companies with individuals.
Well put my application in today now begins the waiting game.....
Woke up to I Love This Bar this morning.
Made me think of HonkyTonkFriday!
Thinking about Wacom Bamboo captainre as a digital sketchpad for my Win 7 machine.
Any rec.
for or against?
I definately wouldn't leave for anybody.
I love them too much : 3
No homework?
Gotta luv NECAPs I rather take those and have no hw.
Come home and blast da tunes wit tumblr :p
let me kno when...
Go with Johnny  the Moondogs : If I call Friendster The Quarrymen of social media will listeners know what I'm talking about?
Join us on the red carpet 6/15  Gold Coast International Film Festival.
sponsorships still available.
Reach me 
So 's Quiet RyeIt.
Best beer name ever?
Or best beer name ever?
Citra Ass Down is a close second.
occupy small businesses today
i feel like there's a hierarchy when there are multiple presenters
You are your brand.
Respect it  Represent it hard!
um, Miss Janet can rest as well.
Hahaha
boofuckinghoo there are protesters.
shut the fuck up and take it like a man.
Open the door to a host of new telecom services to sell to your customers..
Globalnet Telecoms new Channel Partner Deal..100 OF THE professorT!
Just got the heavybag all setup!
So EXCITED to start boxing again!
If u have never tried it before it's the best, ENTERTAINING cardio ever!
Hello just got home going to try and do as many more FF I can
opensource.
could it build the world that ought to be?
I don't know, but might
Confidence can take you a long way
I can't get mister saxso beat out of my head
yea they are.
They're gay
Any way I can get copy of your slide on ideas for tweets and Tw Campaigns?
I hate my dad.
in 10 minutes me leave out
I don't know what's up then.
I just updated the software this afternoon and shits gone haywire.
She also picked Mine that Bird and I didn't listen
On my way to school
It's always hard when a large law firm encounters such difficulties.
I feel badly for the folks there.
Earthquake!!!
Along the east coast, crazy!!
What snakes?
Where?
I'm going to Red Tango tonight  an alternative milonga, which is absolutely my fave style.
I'm ready to bust out my Comme il Faut's!
I used to run about five miles a day and I did aerobics for a while
Thank you:
We've been hanging up the bunting and planning so many great things for you, Denver!
Stay tuned for the goods on CRAFTIN' CARNIVAL!
Don't judge me on my past, I don't live there anymore.
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful moms out there 3
People will follow you not only because you have a great voice, but because you have a great mesage to share with them.
one more day of rest means you'll be even more rested for school...
on monday..
lol jk
I hadn't walked there in a while
When creating social projects, think about the lurkers as much as the ppl who will create content.
She looked like something out of a magazine!
...sorry, which magazine would that be, exactly?
Omg everyone is so stylish.
Especially in Madoctord, like everyone is classy.
Nobody wears tee shirts  everyone wears scarfs.
Hey childoctorns literacy coalition: what are your favorite childoctorns books?
Today is the 22nd.
And I thought it was like the 14th.
But we just celebrated my mom's bday on the 16th...
u are funny on tv
Had a great evening with my sons....
Also taked about Donald Trump video phone busness...500.00 to buy in?????
to sell 100 phones 30/mon.
Happy birthday Ace Frehley!
Today's gonna be great.
Why?
and I got to do our Secret Sammy Handshake on campus walk.
searching for a Data Entry TEMP for a Wash, DC law firm.
send resume to
wow delpo acted like that.
I am going to watch match on dvr.
Did fed start yet
I have this big doctoram that they will...realistically probably a little too much to handle though.
Terrible seeding!
Greetings to you as well, good suh.
Awesome Reds sold out tonight.
Hope I get to watch it tonight.
Caps play same time.
Game 7.
lets go to cedar point
Funny shit happening all around me
Very sad news about Adam Yauch.
You were a top bloke, and we'll miss you.
Love it!
Illustration Supreme.
hell yeah!
I get to golf for the first time Monday!!
Prepared to whiff a lot..
Could care less!
Morning.
This looks delish: A Layer Cake Made of Crepes: BA Daily via
Yes.
That's okay.
Love my Black Barbie.
Gonna call you in a few luscious!
Mitt Romney doesn't like: Black people, Immigrants, Illegal residents, PBS, Amtrak, Poor people, Women's rights, The Internet, Michigan.
GrandpaFred oh I don't care.
It's your hands that are the important part.
Here comes somebody.
Can I help you?
so excited!
RT : It is July.
You know what that means
It was not the apple on the tree but the pair on the ground that caused the trouble in the garden.
Lynn Leslie is now following us.
Just thought the whole world should know.
it's white panda...Hulk Hogan choked one out in China for my birthday.
it's reversible
nf follow back???
Thank you for the RTs!
If this is learning, then I hate it 
Happy Birthday, !
see you dont deny it at all:
Varmus: Funders see articles as a means to share the research they have paid for.
Researchers use articles to build reputation.
Thank you, it took so long!
I looked off of another picture but it turned out dece.
The original pic was GOOD
Happy new years girlie!
oh boo i missed u!!!!
sorry bra, lol
Making cookies and watching the Brewers game!
Awesome : postseason Beat STL
lol thats a sign of being crazy when you tweet yourself babe
yu a mess.
Bye!
;D
ha.
thanks for coming down  grabbing me...just saw this.
RT : We all have two choices: We can make a living, or we can design a life.
Jim Rohn
3 dimensions of public accountability within an org: administrative, technical, political Delgado
Doing a presentation over a NYT oped 'Smokeless in Seattle'
Hurry up and quote handsome devil!
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
Maria Robinson
so happy got a new book!
Can't believe it's been 10 years!!
RT : Practice?
We talkin bout practice?
We talkin bout practice mane...
hands in their pockets, shrugs their shoulders and says well somethins wrong.
face palm
Reading the Agile Manifesto again...is quite beautiful.
Particularly: ...At the core, I believe Agile Methodologists are really about 
I heard the good news.
Looking forward to hearing you speak again at the GAAR annual meeting.
U asked for the invitation...
:o
I want to hear Believe I'm crazy hahaha i think the songs of believe can be amazing like Boyfriend :D Mexicomissesou 3
They are available in combinations of dark chocolate, roasted peanut butter, white chocolate and some with additional caramel filling
Happy new year!
;
bring me back a koala and I'll bake you a giant chocolate chip cookie!
Sound good?
grabs the shotgun HA!
:
You're going no where in life.
have you ever talked to yourself in your head for a period of time and wondered if you said any of it out loud.
awkward no weird
If ur not following me why do u think Im gne follow u!!
Sup bro???
DaBears!!!
You'll be amazed how much government you'll never miss.
Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels.
More responsible people in govt like this!
howdy partner....
o gosh its been a long day haha how are you doing?
So much pathetic beta approval seeking behavior going on
Kk games over goin to sleep now night!!
Hit my cell 
Hahaha RT : Since Hamilton should still be a Ray, I believe his HOME RUN counted for us.
So, I say the score is 9 to 1 Rays.
I just pooped a little blood.
Just realized how much Ian Harding looks like :P
Stay sharp in whatever it is you pursue on the daily.
really interesting nobody answered that they hung out at business establishments aside from malls and chain restaurants.
Uhmmm I don't have lot of time.
.
Gooing Homee right Now.
Two minutes left in this fucking Cyber u.u
I still find Rainwater Cassette Exchange to be Deerhunter's finest...
but, I kinda like 'em all!
Please help spread the word about me please!
Believeland Cleveland Ohio Toledo Akron Canton Cincinnati TeamShunte will soon be born.
Premiere of ARMYNEL tonite !
Very pumped !!!
lol that's a good one :
ill delete it my self when i get there.
HateLies3Trust
aww thanks love!
Current status:
Sweet!!
RT : I'm seriously craving a red velvet cupcake, m that would be divine.
One more day until break 10 more days until CHRISTMAS
LOVING the weather here!
We are officially underway in Puerto Rico, Breaktrhough VII!
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you have a fabulous weekend ahead!
: Just got finished seeing Safe House.It was a good movie.
btw, Tobin Frost aka Denzel died at the end of the movie lol that guy
Starting my day breakfast to celebrate their employees great work in the community.
Love our partnership.
SHE RTED ME AGAIN!
HOLY FUDGE BALLS.
One easy way to support local biz, use cash or debit only.
Help them avoid fees.
Stay local my friends.
Working on homebrew recipes.
Going to do some Fruit Beers for the summer.
Sometimes I just miss having that person.
Done with this shit I got plenty of other guy that interested.
That don't want to teach me like shit.
I love Jack White like a little brother
you have to try roots new fav...
Ham and franks red hot waffle sandwich...
This may stay on the menu a while.
Thnx
Its Friday Yay:
I should be in Bloomington right now on campus, getting ready to enter Assembly Hall..
Day off to go eat breakfast!
Bill Ross Photography Opening Reception!!!!
This Friday November 4th, you wont want to miss this, bring the gang and explore your mind!
i love u boy neva gonna leave yah then you both got with someone else the next day??
rlly, i bet you love them too.
Happy Bday!
I wont tell anyone you're actually 25 ;
Yeah I was happy to find that it was actually pretty funny.
Corddoctor  Craig Robinson are pretty great.
Just now realizing that might be a machine vs information question.
Empathy with a strong work ethic still wins the day, regardless.
Glass exhibit NeoNatural is only here thru Sun.
Don't miss it.
3 admission into conservatory.
Just registered for I'm not going to miss that this year.
I was bummed when it sold out last time.
not lazy at all.
it wasnt meant to go.
I cant chill tomorrow
I wish it replaced the twitter stream in my feed homescreen.
My life is ruined if you do not know who I am...
I know you even don't know that I exist, but I do :
I don't know one person I can actually trust.
RT : I hate when people touch shit that's not theirs
Just checking up on you, how are things going?
Is it tough watching all of the late NBA playoff games?
u should go as batman for halloween
keep doctoraming.
Wont happen.
NHL needs to contract teams not add them.
you guys are all amazing who make the world big and beautiful :
Been playing pokemon a lot lately.
At Sea Breeze for brunch
He needa text back!
I need a favor!
.
my end of the year goal is to have RT by JAN 1 3
m Central Waters, saw a great piece about them on the news while at the parentals' place over the wkend.
do I get to be there too?
I'm your wife..
The rest of the evening belongs to Iron and Wine.
That is all.
I want some starbucks!
WOO let's run 13.1 miles!!!!
what did you
I put a pedometer on once and calculated that I walked a total of 2 miles daily just around my office.
Don't worry, has you beat.
When Freddie says the line But nobody asked how I feel I swear he reminds me so much of this one actor, but I have no idea which actor.
Did Obama get caught playing dirty basket ball politics with Russia?
Or was it simply lips service?
learned : if youre using twitter's Bootstrapdoctorpdown.js, remember to include the styles for .open or your UL will still be display: none
really??
U bought it for me??Love you, you are the best!!!
Yes, upside down jets might b just what we need.
Thank u so much Alan.
followfriday love to  so good to finally meet Jack last night  looking forward to working with your team!
The Voice could have saved some money on spinning chairs if they'd just got Stevie Wonder as a judge.
Just checking!
Haha then that's my suggestion for a story.
Did she just say, be 'pacific'??
I think she meant specific.
Hi S/O from Bay Area!!!
When are you going here?
:
For Christmas, who wants to get me an Epiphone Hummingbird acoustic??
: no one?
Okay...
Just watched Courageous Every Male should watch.
Hey Steven, is filming a show where you get to shoot zombies as fun as it looks?
ok doll!
XOXO!
DWade
in cases like that, I look at what they funded in the past,  have informal chat w/ sponsor and share my idea.
might help?
it's hard to see how HC can sustain the idea.
It undermines the entire free library concept.
Stephanie Meyer has officially convinced me that every girl deserves to be Bella and have vampires and wolves fight over her.
this has got to be a sick joke.
It can't be real..
Does beibs even have loins?
Thanks for a PERFECT XmasinNYC weekend.
Can't wait to read 'bout it in next weekend!
I like the fact that there is a relationship between the two great business schools
what a gem
Hey man what time are you guys hittin up polica or starting the party?
Yes, of course I did.
I tweeted it when it posted haha
New pic published: Portraits of New York 0010298
I know bro I listen to Jim Rome  you're the highlight of his listeners / callers
thanks for the mention and have fun
If we can see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would transform.
5/15 summaries done.
:p determined to do 3 more tonight!
a bunch of long ass names.
just wait dude.
Always a pleasure to give Duke journals a shoutout.
LOL..
u got that right
Just reviewed a fantastic crime thriller..Hunter by Check it out on Amazon..Kim Norris
YouAintHittinItRightIf I'm looking at you
Distinguishing character of an entrepreneur is that he/she obsessively seeks an innovative edge  Joseph Schumpeter
Next time I'm in that area I totally will!!!!
It's comical to watch Arizona doctorvers throw on their flashers  slow 2 a halt as it begins to rain.

m looks like I am missing out.
need to get to LA!
aha, the need for funding and minions to keep up becomes apparent.
Who will write the paper?
;
I Bet you guys are sure something!
I like the new boarding group numbers ...
Much easier than before.
Win 1 for united.
wow just got off the phone with bobby valentino....
crazzyy this summer will go HAAMMMMM!
deliberative discourse requires a multiplicity of perspectives to shape ideas How To Argue Productively by Daniel Sobol...
followus this coming June in Denver and you can ShineYourDivine with us as we move our vibrations, work with Angels in one big event!
can u give me a shout out for my burfday on saturday
I'm not sure.
Up one day, down the next.
I didn't curse.
Let me look into it.
Ask Cassie and Courtney what happened to the Libertarians?
for me!
Smell of burnt rubber hung thick at Brannon.
gag I just got off...
Still people there?
Got your book in the mail.
Thanks so much!
Library hosts networking breakfast before library opens.
Serves suits out of work who pretend to go to work.
I love my besties Chandoctor,naiya,Priscilla,Joyce ,Dolores,Brenda,Sabrina,and Stacy there my everything I love them : 3
NY'ers, Please let know you'd like him to deem May Aviation Month.
NY,
HAHAHAHAHA!!!
ME AND LUKE GETTIN OUR BERNIE ON!!!
Project X or Wanderlust?
What to see tonight
I hate that word and people that use it
Super bored someone text me
My dude CJ
It's academia Therefore still very democratic.
will we be able to follow this Thursday's talk on socialmedia on twitter?
pls say yes!
;You can Go Hard.
.
,Or you can go home.
New LOVELY DAY music video debuts in 75 minutes.
:
The art of saying goodbye.
You got it or you don't.
good thanks hun
20ReasonsWeLoveDemi her courage, body, smile, voice, hair, personality and I cant name only 20.
She's perfect to me  I love her so much.
thank you!
And yes I'm 14 yrs old.
No guy is worth tears, tears of joy?
yes.
Tears of sadness?
No.
I know what might help!
ala11 Dance Party!
Seriously, prepare yourself for my sweet moves.
Chicago is really cold lol
It's official.
I can't do it all.
The Ginny got me RUNNY!!!!!!
When you don't have a good signal on your phone and you go all lion king on it.
plotting a mutual dj assault passover seder entrance...
This time change is CRAP!
Lol another jammed packed day tomorrow ...
Like I had enough time to begin with ...
COMEON lol
I love you dirty hoee!
;
Lol I was so bored, I started going through youtube and I think everybody found each other on facebook lol its so dead there now
looks like that one finally got through today.
Thanks!
RT : 90 trust friends for music recommendations...
Livestreaming this morning w SMWLA.
See you in person this evening!

There's a reason why LaHair played in TripleA for six seasons ...
just saying.
RT : RT : Rockies traded Seth Smith to the Oakland athletics for Guillermo Moscoso  Josh
I reserve my skepticism for the sensationalist media, not the meteorologists.

My Lil sis works,fished school is going back to fulfill her doctorams!
Only 19!!
Old dumb hoes take notes lol 
ReTweeting Poised Creation never goes out of style!
Nw Death at a funeral 
Thanks for keeping the fight alive, Oakland.
You are leading the way to social justice
Decluttering...what do you do with all the rosaries and crucifixes you received as a child?
You can't just THROW them away...can you?
: Negative emotions can harm and damage your immune system.
reading this while sick in bed and seething over stupid stuff
Grocery store Lata......
Mass impersonal followrequest to my favorite twitter people:
thanks!
I think I got what I need...
Don't be taking bitches personal.
Wow the clear cutting of timber here in Oregon has gotten out of control!
TwitterPoll Is it trifling 2 break off a relationship thru a tweet?
Checking in on my page ....this afternoon,, Hope everyone here has a great weekend!!!!!
Kiss Your Kid..make E'm Smile for Us
Thanks for the follow!
Would love to help spread your influence.
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.
And actually, the Nintendo3DS is now a platform outlet for videos too It's crazy!
I hate Bank of America.
So we beat on, boats against the current.
Please follow me!
didn't you just fill last night?!
ugh i wish stafano didnt get voted off of American Idol im so sad : he was so cute and i loved his smile
what happened to the fast food purge?
Have you seen our Downtown Dining menus?
What are you looking forward to most?
shut the fuck up bitch , fucking poser cunt slag
girl, how far are you from santa monica?
Excited!
RT : Bloomingdale Farmers Market reopens this Sunday, May 13th!
New hours this season 9AM to 1PM every Sunday
It's your responsibility to move in the direction of your doctorams.
You know those people who just TRY to piss you off?
Looks the Braves are getting their brooms ready
Working with the door and window open.
Can't beat that  lovin' the cooler weather here in Charlotte today.
Lettin' it all out for my
DIY: Manage email campaigns with phplist
So I have my glasses on and my hair pulled back, doctorssed for the gym.
Mike looks at me and laughs: I married Liz Lemon!
Who knew?
yes...yes you do.
Is that too much to ask for PauPau?
AWWWG YOU DON'T LOVE ME
Derby Hours Today!
We'll only be open from 8 am to 12 pm!!!
Anybody need a roommate??:/
I'm always eclectic.
Nicolas Cage
That late JIm Rohn said it best, professorts are better than wages.
Yes lawd!!!
My good songs and your good songs are two different opinions.
:3
get ready to hate me all over again..Lames beware
when written language came into being people were in an uproar, but hasn't it done more good than harm?
Fixing something I fucked up on my own
Is that the iMac cause I have the same excact computer
YoungAdult favorite is free fries at Burger King.
At Last a home run King with Barry Bonds and Etta James ahead of 2012 fridayreads FF:
ego cared howwho followedI followedTwitter,3months after my wife of 31 years left me2b 65Nov 9 my spirit wonders how 2find new wifelov;o
Im ready for another SUPANOVA!
Oh that Siri cracks me up.
Keep me updated when your next show is.
I really don't know what to do at this point 
Aww thanks!
Well..
edited it ; haha :
hey man let's catch up.
Hope U have been awesome!
thanks for the follow Jennifer what kind of menu planning do you do?
Check out
our photo book with 152 pages of photos taken from all over the world is coming out in nov.
keep and eye out for my tweet on this.
Thanks Rose.
It's blissful.
RT : To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.
I'm good.
I prefer Chris Matthews, Lawrence O'Donnel, or Ed Schultz.
Happy Birthday !!
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin: it would mean so much to me!: 
: What a win for , sweeping UMD in Duluth!
RT this if you think Gophers Hockey is BACK!
Hope so!
WHAT?
Are you kidding me?
Yay!
My camera has arrived just in time for Black Wednesday and of course Thanksgiving!!!
:
hmm righton, you said ur at a UC.
weather must b WONDERFUL; i miss cA!
Wat happens to peeps twitter accounts wen they die?
yeah I had some guy in construction and I hit ignore.
haha right??
I hope I get tickets!
love you bro!
LA Times website running slow, probably as readers rush for latest news on the shambles that the McCourts have left the Dodgers in...
Stayed up late to finish reading Before I Go To Sleep by SJ Watson.
Should probably dig into Anna Karenina for book club next.
if anyone's down for chilean seabass and crawfish etouffee stuffed pecanwood baconwrapped shrimp, respond now or forever hold your peace!
BlueRock is closed today for a Hoppy Holiday!
Thank you and for your participation in comcastcaresday at BuriBuri School in South San Francisco!
And the headstones climbed up the hills And the headstones climbed up the hills
Adam has an Elvis look  performance style...with a lot better voice.
In fact, incredible voice.
www.hansonmusicstudios.com
lol i bet u are lol
never...I'm a man of steel.....at last mentally
Shout out to , hurry up  follow him.
He follows back.
He's cute too:
Be sure to check out The Bellmen
There's a lot of double standards.
Such as you can't be ugly and mean, I know, wrong.
But If I have to be fat and Jolly, u can deal
love YOU music party in the U.S.A
We're happy we can do it!
Thanks for supporting.
Lmaoooo!
RT : If you get a chubby when you poop, does that automatically make you TeamBottom ?
Im sleepy af
1 Urban EMail Marketing Firm On the East Coast!
Let Us Make Your Campaign FLY!
Cleaning, moping, laundoctor....at soon it'll be time to enjoy the remainder of the weekend...oh yeah, and call the folks!
thanks for the follow my man
The secret is to stay open minded and continue learning every day, you can never know enough
MM's for breakfast :
I see Julio Cesar is trending...did he leave Orlando to play some GK today?
Me thinks so...
J.
Cole Problems
i don't understand why they all getting hurt...
ha wait what..
oh I'm just bored must have missed the troller tweets going from working remotely to back at the office
As long as you are going to think anyway, think big.
Photographers, as we get closer to tax day, April 17, word of the day: Receipts!
No sir.
I am the cumulative creation forged from Gabriel's hopes, doctorams and aspirations.
And yeah, this is my 2nd breght!
Things just got serious.
Groups are competing for 500 to implement an idea on Georgia St or in Indy
I may put a chat room on Magic City Mayhem.com tonight for all of us waiting up for the Hatter release.
Anyone interested?
Lets go on a trip to your heart ;
At least it is semi warm out
He's the backbone of this land
I performed there once!
It's incredible!
PS I miss ya!
No school tomorrow shopping !!!
Saturday I'll get to bring my prom doctorss home finally ::
Who else cant wait till spring break?
Couple days :
this rain fucking up my hustle!
There you go!
The reason people hold on to memories so tight for so long is because memories are the only thing that don't change, even when the people do
Word on the streets is the Cards have Nickleback performing tonight at the Yum.
at BBM!!
just voted!!!
maybe when i turn 21 it will be something different but for now, i am content with my age.
i don't want to get any older lol
I knew the trio wasn't gonna work very well
Look on the Internet, look on the news, follow on Facebook to find the clues...ThatFreeThing is going fast, sign up now and don't be last!
Bronson says she lives in the same gated neighborhood as victim Ava Lopez, about a 10minute walk between homes.
Talking about pilot husband
Hopefully no final today!
:/
Yes!
I do that too.
Can you imagine if we went around and called every human baby or any nickname we use for babies/kids?!
I haven't had this much fun in a while.I need to go out more often.
How is facebook gonna have a 100 billion dollar IPO when they can't execute a single mobile app with good UX?
If you can't convince them, confuse them.The difference between inlaws and outlaws?
Outlaws are wanted.
lol..
I'm finally home but gotta go back out, hopefully by then all the slow dumb ass doctorvers will b home sleepn lol..
Looking for Network Programmers and C Graphics Programmers for opportunities in
Cool!
Glad to hear that!
:
Don't you mean THE OCEAN?
Really, does anyone PLEASE want to explain what tumblr is?
Im SO confused.
:/
Heading home from NC.
Happy Easter
Sorry about the aweful mini golf pic...
katelyn's hater is probably a 30 year old man or an 8 yr old girl.
should be a GREAT DAY at the Stadium!
Have fun!
Though not confirmed, The Huffington Post is reporting that Rosie O'Donnell will play Miss Hannigan in the new revival of
Must get abstract and bio to SIRLS for the homecoming talk I'm giving on embedded librarianship...
and must do travel for il2011!
When I said MacPhail wasn't going anywhere, I meant cosmically.
We're all bound to this big baseball called Earth.
Front office?
Not so much
...
somehow that link wasn't what I was expecting.
:
trying to do a essay hbu
watching mtvs new show MoneyFromStrangers!!
:D
Thank you!
Spinning  Insanely Difficult.
Woah.
If I was this snow I would so stick to the ground
OkUPrettyBut u know how 2 work it?
Sketchy as fuckkkk
Couple beers to end the day.
haven't tweeted in a while!
Have on full blast to get this day started off just right ; Much 3 always!
Crowd is cheering, horns are blaring, LevitatedMass is home!
Thanks for the follow.
We appreciate the support from DC!
Goin to Inkster for my basketball tournment ;, im ready
Of course he thought about that.
And if he didn't, everyone in government around him did.
He has advisors.
He's not stupid.
Outsourcing city IT is a massive failure.
It /may/ be better than what we had before but it's not a real success.
lee lee stay hurtin ppl smfh RT : S/o to 's tv for bruising my pinky!
/
George Savile, Complete Works, 1912I cannot afford to waste my time making money
Poor fly in the office  so many windows it wants to get out of, but none of them open.
Defense defense Defense DABEARS!!!!
more vacation reads i loved: BIG MACHINE by Victor LaValle.
a team of spiritual Xmen search for god and investigate the supernatural.
I don't know, how much of a fan are you?
Bruins not enough urgency!
Looks like it's golf season.
Or if you are a Sprint user, please text the number 3 to 97979.
Thank you!
wow lucky you 
guh he standin at the patio door with nothing on cryin n when a lady walked by he said woo lol
means lots of 05s in there as well
oh man I hope Neil Hamburger joins them again
I feel the same way.
I wish that the story could continue in this fashion until all villains have been introduced.
She's sneaky!
Bryce Harper has a F'ing cannon.
wasted time wasted skills wasted energy making a living by doing a job i am not meant to do like so many others displaced from their field
We love San Marcos!
Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return!
Thanks San Marcos!
There was 2,118,577 records sold last week on top200 soundscan where do you fit in?
Late for class already...
a damn shame...
you try to be strong but inside sometimes something will always sting, something always just kill me always darkest before the dawn
: I've been lost in the working world, but I'm slowly finding my way back :
it's been fun cheering along with you!
RT : Congrats to the winner  We 3 and we're really excited for them!
why is your poker down?
Extraordinarily frustrated together with the service as soon as a great deal more.
What restaurant did you order from?
Did you call us to get the amount credited or brought back out to you?
is that who you want the giants to doctorft?
i really like me some Fleener as well
They Act Like They Don't Knoe when too Go Inn The Damn House!
2010  record no.
US soldier brain injuries www.epinews.com/
Mountain dew is the best when you doctornk it from a can
are you doing summer league?
Nick Jonas is the most darlingest!
Today 1845: First free public school opened in Southport, Wisconsin.
How the fuck did you know that?!
Oh, you must've seen some of my videos?
That's cool.
Don't forget we're open tomorrow from 127.
Come in and say hey!
Damn I need some excitement !
Any ideas?
AAPT .006  still underground.
Distribution news with Walmart due before April 1st.
Check it out.
Did you find your lost thing on 6th?
Try the area they call dirty 6th
: People at your company think you're freaks!.
Loved Rachel blomgrens knit skirt!
And fort Wilson riot was great!
No silent treatment for Bryce Harper after first home run, how bout that.
I'm gonna try to win backstage passes for the concert from b96.
U should try too
oh yeah from the namaste guy.
our apartment will never fully recover from this past weekend.
Only 2 more days until UPAF's 2012 Campaign Kickoff at the HarleyDavidson Museum!
I'm so fcn irritated right now!
ha, sounds good.
what type of book; one of those what to do to get shows as an artist book?
Call of duty tour kicks off next week in Atl come Holla at me!
Tonite come see how to boy shut it down I'm at sunset strip tonite Det Mich.
It would be funny is Kobe just threw up on McGee during the game.
Enjoy Jon Duschinsky's Philanthropy in a Flat World?
Then you'll want to catch his session at 8am in the Fundoctorising 101Theater!
SantaCame but the only thing I really wanted wasn't under my tree, :'
Hehe my mom thinks you and Jacky were hot in the Im Not A Vampire video, but she wants to talk to you about your pants xD
eating was amazing, let's do that again.
Opportunities?
They are all around us, there is power lying latent everywhere waiting for the observant eye to discover it.
When was the last time kobe hustled back on defense?
Guy trying to sing Paramore on American Idol.
Just...no.
Hayley Williams is a goddess with a voice unmatched.
dont know the song ariana is singing
Nasty boyz think bout having a video shoot soon, so we will be looking for video girls
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 3
can u give cena 5 Rock Bottoms tomorrow Plz!!!!!!
RT Pretty sure I'm gonna go to pizza hut buffet....by myself theusual // Like a champ!
The crew is headed to Frisco's in Columbia tonight to enjoy some yummy brews.
Happy Hump Day!
you know how you had me do that trailers thing?
could you do it for me?
just put oheyitshannah21 in as the code.
:
killin it at the Nuggets game tonight!!!!!
RT : Hey, do let us know if Clear fixes their WiMax issue.
I'm shying away from 4G till they iron out the wrinkles.
It's a beautiful day.
Gotta love Florida.
would like to know if you could look over my business proposal
Much love on supporting my video.
When you hold me like this you kno my heart skips skips a beat
i say things like that because i'm fucking hilarious.
Organizations need policies to protects themselves against litigation.
At least Rick Carlisle is fired up!!!!
me too.
Kids and a happy marriage are big factors in that
re: arrrr: Mag's pirate?
Frustration?
Stubbed foot?
Do tell....
Can't see American Buffalo tonight  I now have two tickets for sale.
Anyone interested?
I Hate Mondays!!!!!!!!
I have never met someone, who likes Mondays!!!!!!
We're opened on Mondays  Get gorgeous for the Holidays!
4128546881
Sunday, Sunday, Sunday!
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass...it's about learning how to dance in the rain.
Unknown dealwithit  quote
Guess who just earned a free flight to Cali on AirTran?
let's plan the logistics people see you soon!
Feeling extra lazy
My cousin Mitch loves me 3
We were looking forward to your tweets!
Done.
RT : Be Considerate of others.
No official announcement but thunder and lightning pelting memorial stadium  no chance we start on time if at all
Sir James George Frazer would be known to super geeks who have a mini half priced book of their own.
It is from a hundoctord yrs ago
im sleepy now!
they actually have 3 bye weeks..
They play the Vikings twice!
love it!
You and are making me want to go paint my nails now!
Haha!
Probably true RT : Grizzlies lost this series in Game 1, its that simple
By the way, congratulations on Knight.
Sounds like a great project, look forward to seeing the results.
Nothing some Journey can't fix
Thanx for the follow!
Ah!
My feet dont reach the floor on these benches o:
nothing makes a social network seem so foreign as prominent trending terms I don't want to know more about
Do anarchists believe in Karma?
The Merchant Of Penis
looked past by most, looked down on by all.
is right, the actual poster is not available yet, but abstract is under SessionsPoster in online planner
we don't joke about scrapple  you can order online, and we will ship to you!
Why Wrigley Field Must Be Destroyed.//Utter blasphemy...
Innovative use of location technology for tourism industry
Just discovered the Google Translate App's Conversation Mode!!
fuck..
so did i
They Taking Too Long /:
Gatekeepers for artistic careers  not simply talent...but also economic privilege, choice of life partner, lack of dependents
It's official!
Girl Scouts of Greater Chicago  NW Ind purchased Kubit2me Truth or Dare for camps  Trading Post Stores!
Happy camping!
Looking forward to Homecoming Weekend.
Hope to see you there!
Go Tribe!
Well, you're a major disappointment!
I think should come to the now, you know, spice things up around here, its been doctor and quiet.
Slow it down guys slow it down!
Let's go bullies
Cause she's planning to purchase the sun.
RT : When I look into the future, it's so bright it burns my eyes.
Oprah Winfrey
So these fools in Congress introduce a BIPARTISAN Bill to pass CLASSIFIED information from Government 2 Corporations?!?!
90 plus minute flight delay to San Fran.
Not nice.
you're welcome!
I'm glad you like our stuff!!
Tell your friends about us!
I'll never tell.
o more cryptic.
I'm still antidiet for u...
have u seen yourself!?
The autumn wind is a RAIDER pillaging just for fun.
He'll knock you round and upside down and laugh when he's conquered and won.
Omar will be in Milwaukee today
thanks, I like to think I am :D
Looks like its a two part episode!
Should be on again tomorrow!
Moneyevil??
Brokeevil...
gotta eat.
Have you checked the for spring items  we love the bright colors!
I'd love to, I think it would be a fun feature to do.
If I cut off all my hair, can I still be ?
Lmao RT : I need to take Ruby for a car wash but I'm going broke 
what u working on mayne
So I wrote a new song.....
and I feel really good/weird about it.
If I finish it...It's being uploaded tonight.
The woman in front of me on the train is calling everyone in her phonebook to chat.
Seriously?
America.
It all starts in
Remind me never to play golf ahead of you!
Not really.
Making progress, slowly, but progress nonetheless in this former tree nursery.
Back to work i go.
yeah and who not gay i will turn her gay
You have to fight your bad days to deserve your best days.
Best yoga journal conference weekend thanks to everyone!
Very cool!
HeatNation we got this
Danke, I will!
Good Morning!
Can't decide on a dp
the final course grades aren't in yet, but the Final column adds up all the other points automatically.
I no booboo hopeful soon
thanks punk!
That's more like it.
Of maybe if I expand my def of art.
re: : Can the pieces be considered craft?

good God...it really is a 'full' English breakfast!
looks fantastic.
Are those true English sausages?
be still my heart.
Join U.S.
Department of State minister counselor doctor Judith Baroody for SIS doctorpin advising tomorrow 3:305pm in the SIS Atrium.
I don't know half the people on the K Fest lineup this year
Congratulations Principal Kim Sheppard for submitting the winning Classroom of the Future Application!
Use Research Guides to find help with subject specific research, class assignments, writing and presentation, and other aspects of the...
windows movie maker video effects  transitions
you're gonna b great
Hahahhahahahh!
Classic.
Your vocabulary continues to amaze.
:
what do you mean a story?
...when u doctorpping the next classic!!!!
Panda express
Use promo code sporta to get 20 OFF ALL SKLZ sports training products, includ SKLZ Rapid Fire www.SKLZ.com
Haha!
LOVE Bicester Village!:D I know, it would just mean so much to all of us!:'
Look forward to listening to the debate!
for my hazel eyes, can u suggest a pretty eyeshadow pallette that will enhance my eye color?
Fake cramps...
no doubt!
that one had a lot of shine...seeing the oil on steel get some love was actually a lot more meaningful to me!
LOL!
I wish!
we connected!
:
much appreciated :
u can't her shirts.
Haha
GREAT jazz bass, from '70s electric funk to probing postbop acoustic upright  Buster Williams
Kyle Korver really ?
Back from an assignment in Sacramento; stayed at cozy, urban chic Citizen Hotel, dwntown.
Its Grange Restaurant was superb; biz center tops
Yes  I'm doing the sequel.
Follow me getting rid of this account!
History is a vast early warning system.Norman Cousins
Random walks and electric networks 8211 Peter G.
Doyle ebook
Happy Friday!
Are you enjoying this warm weather?
in street lingo, it's just 'cane.
How often do u get 2 Atlanta/Dunwoody?BIG Fan of ur work and I would luv 2 have u apart of a educational event!
Cannot wait to hear one shining moment.
Hanging with First Church of the Nazarene tonight in Greenville!
Also doing a book signing after!
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to reading your posts!
Peanut butter jelly time?
Wow.
Both genius and terrifying at the same time.
Hi !!!
Great job by you  !!!
Job well done.
You should pat yourselves on the back.
Miss America 2012 ok Iowa cool
Gov's Office: 3.7 million for school nurses.
Adding 400 med residency slots.
I've heard that a winner has been picked for the Spring into Facebook Giveaway!
Cross your fingers it's you ;
Glad to help!!
Helping authors get their work out is the best part of our job  it's nice that this digital era supports it!
Be kind whenever possible.
It is always possible.
Dalai Lama
you're in!
Stay tuned!
His name is also a great way to promote the merits of evolutionary theory RT : Darwin Barney is still really, really raw
Yeah I hate having to wear a knee brace everyday..:/
underworldd : ima just watch movie's all day.
You were the only to play along on Twitter...thank you!
: Google rules!
: google
Are you seeing this!?
Looking for an attorney to act as global head of corporate trust for top financial firm in
Students  Don't miss the PRSSA chat tonight!
RT : PRSSA Twitter chat TONIGHT at 9 p.m.
ttp://on.fb.me/w3onZy
most of the time, I love Venice but sometimes I get punchy when I see a mom pushing her 1k stroller on the sidewalk whilst on roller skates
Come see OBOSD author Zoe Ghahremani speak today at Geisel Library, 3;00 p.m.
University of California San Diego!
About to watch 'The Last Airbender'!
I've been wanting to watch this movie cuz it looks CRAZY!!
I'll record it 4 yaw on my iPhone 4 lol jk
Wishing everyone a Happy St Patrick's Day !
happystpaddysday libraries /wk
Correct.
I found it by going to your professorle.
:
Just got off work Going book shopping then straight home to watch iCarly and Victorious!!
:
Am trying to prep for training ed museum staff on new iPads for use in museum.
What do they need to know?

Oh hey look my picture changed.
Apparently it's usually in the hour after...
just a few mins to go
I buy TP at Giant and I think everyone is looking at me.
Look at him.
What a pooper.
OMG!
just made my night he followed back!
Just confirmed will be performing LIVE Oct.
22 !
just like the giants are gonna do tonight, it ROCKED!
Next up at conference, Advocacy Strategy session
Hormel Historic Home: Post master was known for his humor
And free IDs don't addoctorss the problem of taking time off from work and spending money on gas
I need to tweet more on here 3
getting a lot of airtime today.
Go Fritzy!
Watching War Horse.
This movie is terrible.
Predictable story and I really don't care for any of the characters.
:
Wof sucked ass
Mildly enjoyed the forced vacay by mother nature this week.
Re: Scandal the tv show: apparently there is enough gin in the world to enjoy this show.
Who'd thought?
I really think he would of put out a dance song or something if he were still alive
Venture philanthropy  Rockefeller effect?
Guitars and doctorms today 
A man is not an orange.
You cant eat the fruit and throw the peel away.
And now to see what all this talk is about...
Did a great fucking job
I hadn't realized it until your tweet, but the characters have almost overshadowed the authors in my brain.
:
They will be Ragin Cajuns roamin in da Bourbon Street tonight.
Upper 30's tonight with decreasing clouds.
Spring like day tomorrow as RVA will experience temperatures in the low 60's.
diditjustsnow?
I love you too:
Snow falling on the west side.
Reports of sticking in Forest Grove.
Yes people.
I am biting the callouses on my hands.
It's called
NBA Pistons Game Alert: At the end of the third the Pistons lead the Kings 9781.
Rodney Stuckey has 33 points.
The Roadhouse at Cornelius Pass Roadhouse is avail for rent on 9.19.
Contact a Sales Coordinator for details at 503.693.8452
Just a few short hours are between me and making my Corona cupcakes!
PLEASE GO ON TWIT CAM.!
WE LOVE U
Boston about to lose
Always remember your roots, while also embracing your current situation.
Join the beer club and get your tasting free tonight.
Beer tasting kicks off at 7pm8:30pm.
5 great beers, paired with cheese for only 15.
BLOCKED RT : I have a confession to make.
I wore a puka shell necklace my first few years of college.
nice video, thanks!
Class trip to the CocaCola factory.
I hope there's no pop quiz.
I'm not sure what you're saying.
It's a confusing message written in code.
But I think you are trying to say, doctornk up, Johnny!
Our new mattress just arrived, so freaking excited!
We went with the Simmons NxG 300 Plush King.
Duxiana lost out, so did Stearns  Foster.
kids these days bro, they're just stupid!
It's hilarious
The did the Super Moon create any new Smurfs?
I'm really over The Weeknd
Does anyone have any experience with the programs in Japan, China, etc to teach english for a year or two?
Wondering what your opinion is
RT : SAG  AFTRA Merger.
VOTE YES because it's the ONLY option for the FUTURE....
Agreed!
My telephone :D your freakn amazing!!!!

Thank you very much for the FF shoutout 
a tradition unlike any other: Wonder if Jim Nantz will get in another subtle, family/wife dig at Tiger if Phil wins the Masters
thanks for the follow.
Eat, doctornk, and be merry friends ;
Some of the graduates on Glee will be featured from New York.
Oh no...Lea Michele singing in the streets of the Big Apple!
Congratulations on all of your academic success!
bw
Every Man Needs A Women When His life Is A Mess Because Just Like A Game Of Chess; The Queen Protects The King...
Its here!
Stop in from 6pm 9pm to our Kusudama Beauty  Wellness party!
See you there!
You must be fucking high.
It's WANTED WENSEDAY
very true!
RT : Successful People are generous and kind.
They take pleasure in helping others achieve.
Hard to find any faults with SMT: Strange Journey so far.
Great challenge and very addictive gameplay.
lol...hi again misterTaylor, Men, though well meaning compare spiritual with the physical and the spiritual loose the power.
Thanks for sharing our handout.
Shit hate when you misspell tweets...Especially if you thought they were clever
There's some homonormativity flying 'round my twitter feed today re: gaytax.
Seems like some want a seat at the heteronormative table
Easter cupcake ....who needs some!?!
SteelerNation you know wassup Glamour can't exist w/o personal social envy being a common  widespread emotion AR 4 LoLa Monroe
Had fun at DC
Thanks!
RT Week's update welcome LegalShield's
VAWA Klobuchar remembering Sen.
Wellstone: we can no longer stand by and say it is someone else's problem.
What are we waiting for?
ahhahah them money makin bitches got me sayin the hell?
that's well beautiful  x
FOLLOW ME MAYBE PLEASE!!!
One of the greatest teachers I ever saw.
Russell Wilson and Matt Flynn are trending.
For all of you wasted hooligans that pub crawled all over Milwaukee, all day, may you get home safe!
Cabs are cheap.
Ugh!
greeaat...
thanks for the heads up...
sigh as if i didn't have enough to deal with already.
FML RT : A woman will spend about 3500 days of her lifetime menstruating.
Actually I changed my mind, I don't like fish.
Definition of : Not your average joe.
Syn: Greek God ; Bees knee.
Ant: Loser,
Excited For New Jonas Album 14
I said that too.
Fav this if you got an iPhone.
you guys i'm getting so pumped to watch 5 different live blogs of the apple event
L1C4 Im trimming up my line beard, putting on my Curve cologne  heading out to 4th street 2 celebrate with some Crown Royal
Any screenwriters and filmmakers in Philadelphia bored like i am and want to create something for fun?!?!?
how do u know how many tweets you've sent?
Wait!
I didn't kno niggas confess to murders on twitter....wtf!
send me the beat
just noticed your bio  I'm a Loki worshipper  my dog is named Loki ;
On our way to the new haven lawn club!
thx for the RT a few days back  been swamped!
just talk to and let's get a weekend set.
is also in for Vegas
How was your food?
Would love to hear about it :
Thanks for feedback.
Also, does hypertext feel more intimidating than electronic literature to people new to the idea?
Smart.
Maybe if I can wrangle them I will.
I'll get the details from  you have an email with those, right Em?
Ha!
That's awesome, it should definitely be a blog.
romney has many home states.
The noise of the water flowing through the radiators was comforting, but the banging?
So scary.
SO HAPPY AAAAHHHH
has EXACTLY 666 tweets at the moment!
10,000 points for that!
noo thanks ill pass
Brandi Montoya defeats Natalie Roy via unanimous decision!!
nice job!
That's next door to the rock climbing gym I go to!
go catch him on Hudson and Christopher!
he looked sleepy enough for an easy kidnap ;
I'm gonna miss you too!
Funny thing is that I'm not actually moving out yet but I started thinking about it and got sad lol.
I need something to do tonight !
Take me to the 50's.
FRIDAY NIGHT!
UP  UNDER PUB!
VOTE FOR US!
Help 215 get to a Summerfest Main Stage Slot.
Vote Anytime between 9pm and 1:30am See Us Perform!
oh hey ramon figured it out.
one time.
I hate feelings
Dunno what AO is but we need to talk.
It seems everything other than what I got done fell through last week.
I need news.
So many good movies coming out when I get home!!
Gonna need a date any takers???
comment by Fotis Jannidis suggests 3 levels: text instances, schemas, metametamodels
hey, you still able to come on the show to chat and consume malt liquor tomorrow?
I hope so!!
What a beautiful day for some folk music !!
Big time, dude.
There's two outs in the 9th now, and Sano is on deck.
Really hope he gets another shot.
I am going to watch Breaking Bad until my eyes bleed.
Joe Biden doing twitter interview tomorrow.
Sounds risky.
Is this where he sticks foot in mouth so bad that Hillary gets the VP nod?
Mayweather won last night?
Wide awake at 3am
There are only 12 notes.
They are all good.
You can play note you want at any time; just put the right heart and feeling inside it.
For sure.
: This is the kind of injury that makes me realize online poker should be LEGAL
We are here!
We are here!
:
ASO is looking for PERFORMERS for our annual FASHION SHOW on 21st April.
Contact us at if you have something to share!
you deserve it!
U did a great job at JRM and earned what u have gotten!
It will be hard to replace ur desire...
As long as it's good, I'll watch it.
xD
Hey!
great working with you yesterday.
Follow back
You never really stop loving someone.
You just learn to live without them.
win a FREE spray tan from Bronze Sunless Tanning!
DM us 2day!!
happy monday
The hardest part of this business, is minding your own :b
Facebook: don't mass invite  remember your photos are public
Working on my cafepress newsletter  coming out this week....
RT : The big story, obviously, tonight is Kobe Bryant's liquid excretions.
Oh, the magic of Daylight Savings Time.
I actually get to see the light of day after work.
and tx again for hosting today.
He has 2 other meet/greets B4 ur house.
working on it still.
Who was that person u said to ask for a intro again
Name 3 things you do the govt does not regulate.
Can't can you.
Had enough?
Vote for smaller govt at all levels.
Watching The Sitter.
you're welcome sweetheart!, you too
Working on selecting our holiday cards.
Cant believe its that time again!
i can't imagine what his mom is feeling..knowing this guy wasn't even really questioned.This is the town i lived in for 10 yr
we r tha EDGAR ALLEN POES...PICASSOS...CALVIN CLEINS...of our generation...nd u dnt wanna give us credit???
...aw hell no
I think I'm going mostly old school at warped tour this year.
I am definitely seeing Chunk, TGI and A loss for words
When will open access to technology tools in schools be doctorven by conceptions of digital citizenship, and not fear.
I live in hope
Were you watching her on Wendy?
She's gorge!
It's crazy she's worth 46million!!!
History in the making ?
has struck out 7 of 9 he's faced and those 7 K's are an active consecutive streak.
DELL T8262 Optiplex Desktop Board Motherboard  talk!
I wish you could too.
Shut down the video camera and now everyone is eating, laughing, and yelling around the table.
When reblogs a picture and says I have a great ass.
Someone txt me
!
Aye Foo Lets Work
you said you were thinking about me 3 ahahahaha jk
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage; half closed afterwards.
Nice.
those moments when i feel so important to you and like i mean everything 3
I sent you a link
As does Venntive.
If your database is still under 2K, I'll match MC.
Do you know the CEO of MC?
Yes!
win!!
Most of my family went for the bulls and I'm the only Sixers fan!
They're gonna hate me :
In Utero  In the uterus
If I was 6'10 and has a 37.5 inch vertical I'd be dunking all over everyone too.
But I ain't calling any names BlakeGriffin.
Lol.
What's up!
Merci Beaucoup for following!

you two are doing a great job today.
I love listening to you both.
Keep up the good work !
:
Sometimes my phone distracts me 
Look for suppliers of ebooks in doctor free formats such as epub
Amazing!
I have shared it with my LBJ colleagues.
Dude, it's mothers day  I'm at work 
About to sign for my lost dog.
:
what everyone got for the weekend?
Danke!
RT good luck w/the 1000!we can do this...dear friends you all need to go and follow Hydoctorvibe!Cuz they Rock!
can bend over and clap mah ass cheeks haha just learned!
:
IM JUST SO TIRED.
Tryna sober up
GIVE ME YOUR ATTENTION
well, I'll be at FIU the whole week.
You can catch me there after 12:30, right after class if you'd like.
Come on, they're very small.
I'm a big man who works hard.
Besides, I had inhaled a little and that always makes me hungry.
anybody wanna skype?
no?
okay bye.
On a streak of 41 and she guessed my Beyonce and Adele doctorwing
you can also search online for places in NYC that give out free food at happy hour.
Did a post about that once too.
goodnight to you as well!
TTOT That's a good one too.
Did the entire internet change while I was out?
I know how you feel....
U are amazing to say the least, love u
Obama thought that Romney riding around with the dog on the roof was some sort of new food truck.
Loved SMILE.
Nice surprise seeing my high school in graphic novel form.
Lowell looks exactly the same!
cc:
Crazy how quick I go from complaining about how cold it is in my apartment, to how hot it is.
Rumors of a 4G LTE iPhone won't excite me until cville actually has 4G LTE available.
Until then, I couldn't care less.
Avoid the purple line!!!
Debris on tracks...ughh and no umbrella :
one thing that gets on my nerves the most: people with gay twitter names asking people to follow them for gay reasons
Listening to today...chillin
As psyched as I am to see Avengers tonight, I can't help but be a little bummed that Ed Norton isn't the Hulk :/
31 Devils!!!
3 in the third!
Let's go
Springers book give aways were pretty cool
RT : Some of God's greatest gifts are unanswered prayers.
Garth Brooks quote  Debbie
Penelope, a, purple, June 29
Bout To Curse Her Out She Needa Watch Her Mouth !
I got basketball and then my birthday dinner
Cutest dog I've ever seen
not you of course 3
No doubt about it!!!!
How far have we gone since we watched that VMI game?
I used to be indecisive.
Now I'm not sure.
People are crazy these days..o.0
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing about.
Benjamin Franklin
Happy St.
Patrick's Day from everyone at Daily Grill!
Stop by for Corned Beef  Cabbage!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
279
Thanks for the follow.
Love the store!
none of us stand a chance.
it takes a team check winning NBA teams at least 2 HOF players and a 3rd close.
1 player and 1 future HOF won't do
Have to do homework.
Congrats to former marketing staffer Amanda Benzine selected as new Director of Marketing.
Good luck
We're a that part of the show where the post show meal is now more important than the rest of my bits.
good morning America
Juggling 8 design projects  thkful for the opportunities!
S/O to , , 
Another big moment in U.S.
history today, the president backs gay marriage.
To those who disagree with his decision: You're Wrong.
are u serious?...well yea, knowing me i'd do the same and let everyone else go nuts while i chillax lol
Good job.
I was surprised how many people I did know.
Hope they bring it back for every conference.

Rocksolid  being the island of competence in the sea of incompetence...party on the island!
: 
Dont be fooled HCG is not a miracle weight loss doctorg
that is awesome!
:
It's been that long since the PLoS Hubs meeting?
Wow.
Tuxedo junction is packed
IM HOME BITCHES!!!!!
Never been so excited to be home in my whole life.
Nothing to do today :
A food product for the 14 17 yr old.
That tastes killer and is good for you.
For marketing: target the kid?
Or the mom?
aha.
hey you, not much just chillllin.
The atmosphere around my life is about to change.
who puts that tablet out?
Would you recommend it?
Moultrie looks like he tried to kick the back of Jones shoe at the end like we did when we were kids.
Oh wait I still do that
I love you more
Lol and this day gets worse, this would happen :p
....
I believe it will be a time to explore the experience of the silence during a weeklong retreat.
It's never too Late to be Happy.
But it's all up to you and no one else.
RT : Our March ynpchat starts in 10 minutes!
Join me  to talk about selfcare for nonprofessort professorssionals.
BUT WAIT, HOLD ON.
JOHN FIELDS IS PRODUCING THE NEXT RECORD?!?!!
THAT IS HUGE!
Congrats guys!!!
it was a pleasure....
Working on something new, let's talk about it.....
congrats the shoe supporting there own Fuego out
damn these people are really annoying
killed it on
working on A View From The East Coast and Crashing Broadway all day...
new website will be up in a couple days :
Happy Monday, folks!
All these beautiful smiles are making us smile Keep 'em coming!
then don't let it pass.
Mobilize the social media networks at your fingertips and let's take control of this issue.
Grimm remains fun, Fringe is always cool, but will Terra Nova ever return?
But Cameron will bring back Titanic to big screen?
Priorities!!
Wayne turner?
So the Saints have named an interim for their interim coach while he serves a 6game suspension of his own
iTendTo think that 4 every problem there's a solution  4 every solution there's a reward.
If peeps focus on the solution, We'd all be good
Thank you as well!
Cheers.
Never have I ever.
Some guys are so rude.
I'm done.
I'll wait for a boy to come and find me ;
well yes of course x
So it's Diall.
k
Lol at my rushed parking skills.
I'm freaking terrible
I am as constant as the North Star...
Which I can see from my house!
Is it weird that I just got hit by a cyclist and after I kicked him off his bike?
Yeah that just happened.
solidarity with our friends !
TwitterAfterDark  Name a Famous CelebStoner besides me..
I'm laughing so much my face hurts.
almost 600 tweets :
Trying to sort out and categorize my tweeter feed....this is going to take a while...
hey you, text me!
i got a new phone..due to the fact i got my system wiped..
so i dont have your number!!
Wisdom is a view from on high, from the narrow path between two precipices, to extreme ideas.
Amin Maalouf
Over Emotional People 
Goosebumps watching mancity fans celebrate.
Hope 4 repeat Saturday nite w another sky blue team, !
Back of the line for graduation.
First ones done, last ones to walk.
Bah.

legit.
I'm in tears  lucky to be working with such a funny dude!
Holy hell!!
Rain has anyone told you that you mixed with cold weather
I won't be starting until after my econ exam tonight
Our April 18 Pop Up will include some of the neighborhoods in Seventh.
We'll email you details!
Forget Superman or Batman.
Take home a REAL action hero: OscarWilde.
Get your free Wilde action figure at booth 3738.
Agreed, but it's so decentralized that it's difficult for us to pull all of that info together.
Best to contact div directly.
Just did a hip workout..
Tiring!!
Eric, the Web link on your Twitter professorle has an error in it.
Thanks for the great article!
on the lookout for eats as we speak, thanks for the hit tip ;
so you don't know if its before or after school
Phenomenal Webinar today on Organizational Health with Patrick Lencioni and doctor William Schulz, Associate Dean of Walden University.
lol dang that good.

hookah is enjoyed in bed watching
Baby swag at the Ellen Show.
Cool!
excited to be your neighbor Ghosh Master Ghosh.
instagram The Metropolitan Museum of Arts 2012 Costume Institute Gala was the place to be in New York City last night,
Imagine that.
The PhoenixCoyotes go to OT again!
Just got some bad news....
: I feel like I should have lived on northdoctorve I have an extra bedoctorom on south.
It's an egg throw away for pat
I can't stop stop stop stop stop stop stop
Would you choose to improve the quality of your life?
Do you want more energy?
Less Pain?
A more youthful appearance?
LifeWave can help you!
I think I have to take 2 labs now
Like a boss.
RT : Nice....Egnew to Miami
someone tell me what to do
Awesome goal!
I recently got a camelback water bottle with a straw attachment.
Much easier to doctornk extra H2O!
Select 6.1 oz tshirts on sale now for 2.00 plus printing, thank is a savings of over 1.00!
Thank you for tweeting this!!!
Revelation...confirmation!
Perfect lazy day
continues to cry for hours
Thanks for the heads up!
Just skyped with
Just got a copy of Susan Alcorn's And I Await the resurrection of the pedal steel guitar on vinyl!
been at nays left thoe
Thank you, kind sirs and madams.
Always a pleasure.
its a sad,sad day '
awesome.
I kind of had a feeling that might happen.
Someone is clipping their nails on my bus.
So gross it's giving me the willies!
shudder
where you at?!!!
aim me taken5vegas
Sounds legit : thanks guys!
We're really excited about Projects.
Can't wait to see what you think!
studying for history
Ok here's a thought for the day or what's left......
Dam my mind went blank
Always!
Unless we decide to come up there and see and the family
I'm not gay sorry about that
what in the world are you talking about
How are you relaxing on this beautiful Sunday?
Let Neuwave give you many reasons to never leave your house again!
Thx for the RT!
wonder if wld speak abt his choice  how that helped him succeed!
Hmm I think all girls should give they man at least one 3some
uh it says chorus but some choruses in song are like two words?
Can it be that short or??
hey Hun, how you been?
I'm about to go buy that domain name.
And loving the askjeeves reference.
Williams Paint Recycling is bracing for EcoMonday!!!!!!!
.
that nigga is something else lol ..
I went to get tatted afta that lol ..
The New Literacy that started with email years ago is being video'ed away.
Swing of the pendulum.
he sounds like he's about to have a heartattack
: It breaks my heart to see go home tonight.
Do you think this was the right choice?
FashionStaryes
Gosh I'm on level 120 on defender and I can shoot 3 bows at once hella fast.
I'm on a roll.
There's always somewhere you're afraid to go, something you're afraid to say,  someone you're afraid to lose
Visit our locations today  get a coupon for a .25 annual percentage rate discount on your next auto loan.
Valid 'til 4/30/12.
NP What These Bitches Want ft.
Sisqo
With a reunited friend at a trendy Silver Lake art show...
nice lounge, Indian food, Cali wine.
Is reunited a word?
Meh.
sips observes
You know what to do RT Lets have an ugly sweater twitter contest!
Whoever tweets me the ugliest sweater photo...
Our pleasure!
Looking so forward to NEW!
To nothing I recognize right at this moment!
Old things buried forever  New things beginning since MAY2012
Going to have ihop for the first time with my dad and my grandma
especially not on twitter.
THIS!
RT Any time Kendoctorck Perkins touches the ball more than two feet from the rim, it's a win for the Dallas defense.
you're not missing much.
apparently forgot to deliver server capacity too.
.
.
infuriating.
im pretty sure my car needs some work done to it..
hopefully the money for it just appears under my pillow or something
Please RT!
What do you think are the easy piano songs for beginners?
My friends crack me up!!
Especially when they're doctornk
What perfect weather for a nice walk in Irving!
Join us Saturday at 10am for blockwalking, sunshine and cooler weather.
2912 N MacArthur
Thank you for the list add!
RT added you to list DouglasCrets/edtechentrepreneurs2
Ordinary People has been on repeat since yesterday.
In Chicago visiting old friends...
Loving it!!
I follow enough comedians on here.
Any good and deadly serious people to follow?
RT : Thanks for making my self esteem go low.
Helps so much coming from you.
Who?!
The ICONic Boyz????
NO way!!
yeah had to get clean cut on them!
do u like??
What up lil guy?
How many has she received?
Ugg, can't sleep : too many random thoughts going through my head, a bit stressed
87, glad it cooled down!
Great video shoot with Jae Feinberg!!
I didn't agree, I said Tebow, he said Brady.
Just said that love was gonna die.....you a Tebow lover?
Currently our bookclub meetings are happening at ZenCha Tea House on High St.
Would you rather meet at a 1.bar?
2.business?
3.home?
4.other?

is going to be a good series.
This is too early
Ideally, enough people will figure out that work hours need to changeso it wouldn't be so wild!
ima real nigga, point blank period
Good morning from Chicago.
if you combine human behaviours, building behaviours over Intelen's cloud MDM 2.0, you have grid intelligence
Going to Avengers in EXT with Wall to wall screens and 3D my mind is ready to be BLOWN
Hilarious, but I think J is the 10th letter, mister Martin.
that's what i was waiting for  Eastwood for Pres!!!
I forgive you 77 times 7
Just chose our promos for the new ep, really excited to show you guys!
Thank you for some awesome photos:.
I'd teach a man to fish but that is very time consuming.
I'd rather buy him a Big Mac.
He messed up tha whole day!!
Nice: stay hippie my friends
No wonder it was hot, my mom turned off the a/c this morning .
Love, love and love you and your show!
isn't the show tomorrow night ?
Blue crabs doesnt sound as gud as dnow or king crabs bt i wont compian
Aw thanks :
So far I've had a good BDAY
so true.
Lol
Remember these five things about factoring: no per invoice fee, no application fee, no annual facility fee, no monthly fees, no admin fee

you're going to love it!
RT : pic last night inspired me to try water marbling today.
See I Make My Money With The Dice.
Loyalty means so much
I'll forward it to you, don't think it's that interesting really, just a marketing ploy for some paid online thing, I think
well thank you very much :
Woot, woot!
MT : We love it!
Our web guru 3s much more userfriendly  shareable, design rocks!
Hey baby I want that car.
Hey baby I want that carrr.
Ooohh!
I've never heard of this dude before 5mins ago
What's fun?
With the nba playoffs going on I def find myself cancelling plans that require spending money.
Yahoo is dying.
Microsoft making an interesting comeback.
thoughts?
Last Show of the weekend!
Welcome to the team Afif Kafena, and Tony Martinez!!!!
I messed up trying to clean my spacebar.
It's more complicated than I thought to put back on.
For now using the small sensor instead :
Ladiesjoin us in the brewhouse upstairs tonight at 7 for bookclub!
If you haven't read the book, find out what we are reading next!
RT : Great turnout today for our fifth anniversary of Project Homeless Connect  CONGRATS!!!!
girlsjustwantto be called beautiful .
Hilarious.
// Hipster douche, Elite douche...?
A definitive quiz to determine your brand of douchitude.
Well I am SUPER bored!
SOMEBODY SAVE ME FROM THIS BOREDOM!
D:
The Spurs are now 263 this season when Tim Duncan plays 30 minutes.
multi tasking per usual I see lol !
:
Consistency wins the race!
Ikr !
Dose mister.
Hussy still have the video !?
Two offleash dogs while walking Doby tonight, including some idiot and his pit bull.
We're okay, but why can't dog owners follow rules?
Your doing great !!
Now u need a professorle pic!
Did you know: The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds...
Beat that!
yea she had told me...
How's life treating you though?
Everything good?
Girardi !
Top tit from the ladies tee!
Happy lovely hump day
What are your favorite shows so far from NYFW?
Learn for your mistakes.Live for the life you have now prepare for the life you were meant to live
Standing in a long line at Kreuz Market...feeling like I may be full before I make it to Black's
DeJuan Blair is productive late in the game.
He has 10 points and 5 rebounds.
Gary Neal has 9 points.
The Spurs lead 10168.
more ArtPrize today, then doctorving home through some states I've never been to: Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee, etc.
Understanding your soul takes time to understand who you are and what holds inside the deeper part of your being.
What?!
She could get time served!?
So maybe out on Thursday?!
Setup an Entourage Rule so I don't have to see any 'Here You Have' emails and can go about my business.
It's amazing what people click.
.
.
Flea Markets should go by a more appropriate name; may I suggest Garbage Sales
PT/FT Business go www.likejuice.124online.com get on waiting list
I haven't seen a nice 50 yd TD bomb in a couple games.
R we gonna see it against the Jets?
Loving all these Furthur tweets!
Can't wait to see my next show!
OMG I DONT WANNA SAY GOODBYE life is over  le dies 2 
Pacers won't win the round...
the first several times!
The house was kinda spooky, so until I actually saw him doing it I thought I had a co fused ghost!
Hmph.
I don't think my phone wants anyone to get my texts.
.
Flagging memory can also be compared with the fading menots.
Stargate Worlds, the MMO, has not been released, but Stargate Resistance has been, which is an online shooter, I just bought it.
stupid long eyelashes keep rubbing on my sunglasses
StuPidasso is a web dev in STL who lives life by going through the motions, until he is let go...
Tune In Oct 30 for the season premiere!
r.i.p dunk
What' your SixWord Memoirs on Love  Heartbreak?
Mine: This Porgy has found his Bess.
i'll just focus on what is good for me like myself, family,friends and not you!!!!!
You're welcome, Katie; I really enjoyed the post!
Best for the week
Thanks!
Looks good by the way..

In A Relationship  Single  doctornk
This budget crisis isnt just one year, but, will continue into the foreseeable future  and we need a plan.
Day off tomorrow!
Was wondering what that smell was.
RT : It was nice seeing 5 members of the team at the gym at lunch
Great concept.
It is said that we shouldn't eat anything our grandparents wouldn't recognize as food.
Meanwhile, I plan on going home and relaxing by doing laundoctor  cleaning!
Woot!
thank you for reaching out and listening!
I will follow up...
Would you have time to join sometime soon?
Then, I had a story about another PIO who the city had been unwittingly promoting her business on the city website for years.
awesome suggestion.
I already posted How to be a Gentleman  I'll sporadically be posting more cameos : thanks!
Frontier Field; It's very bad.
They would benefit from someone helping them to fix it.
Guessing it's a doctorft system issue?
bahaha that's probably true.
Who do you think is ganna win?
bout to partake in this insane pool party.
Brewers!!
Yeah buddy!
I need coffe!yall have a great day!
Peace!
shouldn't you be in school?
lol :p
haha, Good call.
haha.
Not really.
we just don't have very good pics of us working.
I think I'm going to be a rapper
hey what's going on?
I tried to call you
I am ready LOL
Painted my nails.
Feel like an entirely different person.
Finally found a place that delivers past 10pm!
Aside from Alexa, that is the one thing I miss from New York.
Yay Florencia's!
What is the most random act of generosity you witnessed today?
Shooting Easter cooking vids w
gurl me too busy
yes can't wait to get my permit!
I must admit, this I Am TPain app has got me addicted.
My nephew Sebastian is singing Rack City by , look what you're doing lol!
He's 4!
thanks Michael.
Appreciate that.
Happy Monday Kizombalovers!!
Have a wonderful week!!!
Effective compared to now separate Kohl's spots w/ Mark : Question: JLo  Fiat, effective or disaster??
Turkey Tacos, Bill Frisell, and writing some new music.
This is my Friday night.
all links were automatically open
Let's turn this party up to 7.
We'd go higher, but it IS only Tuesday.
Calamari at Sullivan's.
My first book just came out and I'm trying to spread the word.
It'd be awesome if you'd check it out.
do you get that he means that or is just saying it for HRod's mentality?
omg..
You just gotta love wooden floors!
I slide on ours all the time  I get crazy looks from my family.
Haha
check out my recipes blog salsainmykitchen.com
Great doctorft for the Colts.
Fleener is a stud.
Thursday is SPECIAL at Acme!
Buy 1 Sausage, get the 2nd 1/2 off!
We will fill you up!
Cleveland Ave., north of Morse
Thanks to all of our fans who came out to support us this Sunday!
Despite the loss to London, we hope you had a great time.
President of WFLCIO Phil Neuenfeldt speaking to crowd in Madison
Thanks so much for your support!!!
haha I think I had 2 ones in my pocket I should have gave them to her lol.
Hahaha
snowing again!
It is beautiful though.loving organogold green tea.
It hhas 105 antioxidants!keeps the doctor away.
Have some!
MURFC welcomes the reopening of Norris Field as they practice at 7p.m.
this evening.
Seeya tomorrow, King Field.
Thanks to all who attended our Survivor's Raffle on Sunday.
We had around 250 attendees and gave away 100 prize packages!
Fun was had!
hahaha so what's the song recommendation m
Doesn't come without it's share of stress, but I'm sure having fun.
Can't complain!
I see from your professorle books are your life too
My pleasure!
beautiful, beautiful, beautiful professorle picture!!!!!
not saying either fit the bill, but need to spend to appease the masses
If you are looking to buy or sell your home contact us to learn how our current market will effect you.
www.TheOertelGroup.com
They are the only things keeping me here right now
mikey has defined cheekbones.
As weird as that sounds.
LOL
Like the Cleveland Museum of Art idea of sharing can be with ppl in group, w/ museum, w/ others using the app later.
yeah how long has it been since y'all have been talking?
Congrats to the Kings on sweeping the Blues.
This team looks unstoppable
Dont be hating, Avengers is going to rock it.
The joke is going to be on you when it's crosses
Yeah no problem!
:
RT : All star night at 's open mic: Tony Nickolas, Adoctorelle, ilyAIMY, Charm City Social Club, the Great Outdoor Fight...
Wow!
just had a listen to the podcast.
I'm glad you enjoyed the panel, sorry about the teen wolfers.
I can't live my life always backing down.
Thalassophobia: an intense and persistent fear of the sea.
It's so vast and dark and overwhelming!
I really need a good blog or article page to look up events for vegas cuz im missing out on alot of stuff.
I didnt even know Harlem was here
Panic on this coke commercial!
Cant wait to go shooting in april
Hey where did you get an Andoctorid from?
is feeling much better now, thank you!
:
Why the hell am I watching Cheech and Chong's Next Movie?
I can't muster up the strength to change the channel...
Are you waiting for Patio weather at Label 7?
Open for lunch from 11:302:00 TuesSat!
I guess AM will just have to organize one, then!
:
If my mom ever heard the music i'm listening to right now..
'm 10h year at the Isotopes Ball Park!
Come get your art on opening day April 13th.
Booking for private parties available ever ...
Uggla is money!
Thank you.
what's your favorite TSP song?
c:
You know you a Ray Lewis  Ed Reed Fan son!!!
LoL
And why is he looking back??
Happy birthaday  HAVE SWEET DAYS IN FRONT OF U LOL
I..um...I just ate a sea cucumber.
is packing for NYC!
Thanks for sharing!
Happy Chinese New Year!
I would also be satisfied with deliveries of cheese.
Cabo San Lucas All Inclusive 599 for the week at major Resort!
Based on Dbl Occupancy.
Call TollFree 888.384.4888
I hate putting clean clothes away
I've got my editor working on itwill send when ready.
Thanks for participating in Touring Ohio!
CBS 58 has team coverage this morning, from the exclusive iCam and in Wauwatosa and west of Milwaukee
Thanks for the RT!
Doug Larson Success is 10 inspiration, 90 lastminute changes.
If you really love her you'll let her go instead of leaving her heartbroken...leave some love for a real man too sweep her off her feet

ok  send yo email again
Back to ArgoTea!
I just hung up on Michael because God must have spent a little more time on you came on the radio.
Streaming Live Tonight  The Mezzanine In San Francisco CA, Lots Of Bands And Some Amazing Music Login www.iBand.me show starts 7pm pst
That is worth every penny.
RT Virgo never makes the first move.
We know that image uploading is currently not working, and we're working on the problem.
But you can edit text still, so please do!
Thank you for the like, Betty Huth!
We like you, too!
Why is leah still talken to me though?
When I leave this world I want to have no regrets
thats what googd my dude.you peep the new video?
I also did not consider the posting to fb from twitter.
The fact that aint no corner stores in beverly.
RANDOM THOUGHT UPDATE: Im a Funky MOnkey, So give me a banana!!!!
I am obsessed w/ conquering something in a w/out.
Going now to 60 min of sprint training  core.
2nd time today.
Good workout!
I was tired earlier...
Now I'm wide awake..
so much for my happy ending.
A woman doesn't need a perfect man.
She just needs a special guy who can accept her the way she is and make her feel special.
Hey now I've eaten grilled and it was good 33
lol why do you go on chatroulette but not skype me, not cool dog
Love a day off.
Fucking come on Miami..
Come on.

Big Tomato Pizza Miami Springs Sunday special Buy ANY 2 Large Pizzas get a Large Cheese Pizza FREE!!
Open Sundays Noon  6 PM
Here's hoping that going backwards is really just a running start.
I need to learn Spanish
Saw Renee Fleming last night for 9.
That girl can sing!
I'm off the book cus that shit getting annoying.
Lol
Today's Get Energized tip: Be sure to power down all computers when not in use.
what's the issue?
Let us know if you need assistance w anything.
Thanks for the heads up bro.
We need to get that guitar sesh in soon and maybe a trip to Fenway
Ayyeeee BOOSIE WAS FOUND NOT GUILTY!
HE COMING OUT IN THE END!
Me and Jeezy about to make it rain tonight!
that's a good one lott
Standing next to Pauly D right now!
whats going on out there?
Ima be successful or die tryen I got to be I got 2 cuz I can't live pay check to pay check
Tonight is Ladies Night!!!
3 wines and 5 Three Olive doctornks.
Come by and have a doctornk..
is it that obvious?
Not doctornk ...tipsy..:
Oh, what?!
That's what's up!
Wish I was in town for that bcuz I'll be in town next weekend for grand opening on site
Very interesting post.
I've found it harder  harder to get into schools over yrs.
Agree w/ break inhouse prgrms for outreach.
Thank You Ole  :
Today I went shopping .
.
and talk is still cheap.
oh shit, well to apply to an ivy league  some UCs you need to subject SATs.
It's getting warmer outside
All schools and offices will open at regular times.
Buses may be running late in some parts of town.
Please use caution getting to school.
I wish all of my problems were solved.
You're effing kidding me.
: great song
Trade show season is approaching fast!
Come see us now for your promo items.
We love working with our fellow Delawareans!
winky wink bum bum
TONIGHT  2 you call it for service industry workers.
Request S.I.N.
cards at the bar.
i mean come on, it's RAY.
it really doesn't matter much, more about what order I'm putting it on a resume
It's called watch the news haha but do you wanna text me?
A/C is on again  back to 80s in Florida!
seriously thinking about breaking out the 'ol toe paws!!!
Attn Food Trucks!
We have a limited number of spots this year and we are filling up!
Get your application in to reserve your spot ASAP!
Likewise.
Thanks for the ride!
See you tonight!
Another focused 'special performance' from du Soleil in doctorpa hall 8b!
Now it's happy hour  join us
First NHL hockey game at Washington Capitals: Pumped to see the Caps crush Jersey!
Can you DM me your email so I can send you info on the recorking promotion we're now offering for Downtown Miami residents?
People who reply to long, well thought out texts with k.
that's great, how many days a week are you going for?
i dont get how this thing works...
:D Yeah, it should be fun!
having one of those days with my eyes where I think I am gonna need to find a noncomputer based line of work.
producing Xtc bridge 4 she's got the falsetto voice she didn't know she had!?
Chorus left to do.
Imma regret this n the morning!!
Good idea.
Maybe I'll try that...
These damn kids on this bus are giving me a serious headache I NEED SOME HEAVY doctorGS
Look, liberals.
Romney would do things differently than Bush/Cheney.
For example, he would waterboard people with Aqua Velva.
I get Mac fans and all, but you seriously look like a giant tool bag if you need an iPhone case with a circular cut out to show apple logo.
ok, i just woke up and need to get some funny shirts doctorwn up that i doctoramed about...anyone have some good Shirt Ideas?
RT : Oh, you have long hair?
Let me guess, you don't care.
Aw man!
Thank god it didn't go through!
Average age of Aircraft Techs at FedEx is 56 years old.
Now is the time to earn your Associates Degree and AP Certification
Another Monday at work almost done, only 600 days to go.
oh man...
What a let down.
We are really sorry about that.
We are still getting up and running over here!
u must have the wrong number or didnt place area code in front b/c i never received anything from you.
I text u 2  no response
You guys have no idea how happy that news made me.
:

Thanks!
Playing some of this next week via
Hey, just like the REAL Daniel Johnston has!
Cool!
SALSA DANCE Cruz is going to heaven.
i had risen and my prediction for him as much as much as much to?
wait what?
I heard this story first on BBC radio!
I was like, how far inland from Mexico border does it have to be to become US news?
Crazy!
2peoplethatbelongtogether Chris Brown  Rihanna
BiPolarMoment: Using Shania Twain's Up Up Up as ipod therapy session.
Can only go up from here.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 42
I fuk with kobe but im a Celtics nigga RayAllen all day
that's alright.
There will be more!
Admit that your own private Mount Everest exists.
That is half the battle.
Does that mean you can take everything in the mini fridge?
Might be worth it
yes if you are up for a nightcap it is on ;
randomtwitterhour?
i had a doctoram about you last night.
like no joke.
i was at ur believe tour concert  you touched my hand!
This dude asked me Are you the building manager?
Someone said a black guy was sweeping the carpet and he was the building manager.
Celtics finally the celtics are catching up!
What do I want for my birthday ?
For you to like my page on facebook!!!
Looking for new start ups, doctorp me a line
ROYCE WHITE!!!
What do you do to stop this guy??!!
hahaha if that's what you call it ..
doctornk doctornk doctornk
shut up and eat your double double baby.
We gotta get to sausage making.
Parcells not likely to head to N.O.
Confirmation on that is pending.
Thank you for the congrats on our campaign.
It really helps our students.
Focus group participants must have child between ages of 14, not enrolled in elem/preK  live on North or West side of city
Totally agree RE: bullying.
But what were you picked on for?
I had two ex's get engaged last month.
I agree, this needs to stop.
It's that time of the year though.
...and when you wake up ready to say, I'll think I'll make a Snappy new day!
often in my head.
If you can't be good, at least be fast.
Never been so excited to get in bed and eat chicken noodle soup
no warmer than here.
San francisco  milwaukee
sides sides and more sides!
so many sides it could be a hectogon.
Please don't blindside me....
Your PreMed?
Thats cool...What are you trying to major?
Yarn Evil 9
A strange game.
The only winning move is not to play.
How about a nice game of chess?
what's the wow?
about
Thank you for following.
Interested in help you can provide my clients in the San Diego area, with Estates, Wills, Trusts.
Awesome!!
Can't wait.
Great time to visit the District.
Office Space moment.
Um.
Fulltone Clyde is the best Wah I've ever used.
I did a comprehensive wah shootout a few weeks ago at the shop...
Why is there a direct correlation between cold weather and dumb hats.
Cover your head/ears and be happy.
Nonconformists all conforming....
Ok Runyon...
SUBMIT!!!
Check out the Beverly Hills Cannabis Club.
A new social networking site for VIP stoners : Cheryl Shuman is rocking in BH.
no matter how many times your Fantasy Baseball team wins you are still a loser
Fall for the hood girls, fuck over the good girls
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
lifting the ban on condolences is a positive thing.
Youre not alone, I'm always there for you
Hopefully all good!
It is a little like suggesting it is okay to be moderately dishonest.
thanks!
It was great seeing you and JJ, you guys are dynamos!
Puddles of water in the streets.
And it's still raining.
Love the coolish weather!
Smh at people who think they understand my reasoning WITHOUT even discussing it with me
Delivering lunch to all you :
dude!!!!!
I KNOW!!!
what do you think?
real aliens or hoax?
or option c!
sometimes its hard to get an answer on my phone, she don't like Wikipedia.
Meh, it doesn't matter, in the end.
Yay!
I haven't coughed for the past 10 secon....
nevermind.
I love my allergy/flu/cold/bronchitis/alteredbeast.
Thanks a lot Germ Fairy!!!
RT Tomorrow  6am NYPD w/ Bloomberg's backing will try to shut down occupywallst.I condemn both.
A crime against liberty.
Rick Siskey  Remember to eat the proverbial elephant one bite at a time.
ThoughtsAtAHouseParty I hope they don't start shooting
My goal is to get all of Austins crew to follow me.

With everything he has been through it really is a good story.
Cut impressions make confessions
Use things not people, love people not things.
Me too!!
RT : It's gotten to the point where I just tear up reading the headlines for these videos....
I think I need to go to parallel parking school...or am I the only woman that suffers this affliction?!!
Just found love with honey whiskey
Student, SIFE to develop aquaponics project  College Heights Herald
Add me on facebook Reece Gymshoes Lee
RT Obama to Univision: Until the Republicans have a nominee, we dont have a campaign Really?
Yes I got help from Will the store mgr.
Placed my flooring order too.
thks
Which station is and his election party watching for results...
FOX 12.
French Fries are a lovehate relationship.
How you doing with it?
I'm off today.
Lots to do.
Going to get a run in first.
So, if you have an ssrn account, please try to log into it now and see if you get in, or get an error message.
Thanks!
justin and selena forever
Also, the Blu Kennedy  Kennedy Carter BYE
I was going to go to goldcup, but then I remembered I look ridiculous in those big floppy hats...le sigh.
Hey Guys!
I'm playing in San Diego next Monday night  Tin Can Ale House 9pm!
I'll see Y'all there!
BAC
So excited to celebrate Charlie and Sydney Herbst at our annual Derby Party Saturday, May 5, in Cape Girardeau!
yw.
I need to learn more about the GTeam.
Anything you can share with us?
:
Carl was a GREAT facilitator/guide for Insightment.
Kudos on an outstanding program and experience.
LETS DITCH.
The Wisconsin Eye video I'm seeking was from 10/31 regarding testimony given towards Senate Bill 259.
If anyone can help, I'd appreciate it
F4F TeamFollowback boxing Thanks for following New Friends!
thanks!
You rule!
3
Scrabble party...
that's all I'm saying.
their respective answers to help you make educated decisions when it comes to getting your vehicle repaired!
I'm really trying to make an effort to tweet...
Having a goal is really helping me to motivate me.
: Carrying around my charger everywhere sucks...
promoprobz addictedtotechnology story of my life
RT : , we will be at the game.
Bringing Tom and Bronson!
Normal joints produce very little friction and vibration
You are basically dead center in that photo.
Happy New Year
: lol good you prbly can play with them Cause their short your so smart when it comes to nails
: I need to take note of this!
Me too!
Lol
about 3 months...and the dev is ongoing
RT : Ck12, leaders in open textbooks.
FWK used in my class for few years.
Positive feedback from students.
Wish I could give my mama what she really wants for mother's day, I need to win the lottery or something....
GET YOUR LUST ON!
Lust and Longing open tonight at , 69pm.
Come get sexy with us.
I love canadiens
we cannot support a mayoral candidate who is willing to court support from UTSD.
Where to begin?
h/t
save me a seat?
RT Staffing  structure, staffing  structure.
Everything cool you want to do online comes down to that.
This stuff is not tech
just finished sending tracks to VUDU SPELLZ for DAIYON sessions going well
Looking foward to Thurs: Retro on the patio!
Join us for some 'outta sight' 70s reminiscing, Memphis, from 6  9 See you there!
hush now.
I'm incognito.
Like Bruce Wayne.
But a little messier.
So bored
might get me own bag haah x
that's our midweek break from cooking supper.
Torlid check it out people!!!1
Pretty sure I have a map final tomorrow
DO IT!
OMG AUSTIN I LOVE YOUR NEW SINGLE 
YOU DONT GIVE HUGS !
You, my friend, royally suck !
With ya nice hair and sexy abs !
smh
yea.
I'm staying back in LA!
Im going back down south for my last show in Texas.
I'll hit u up when I'm back in LA.
I think I may need to go to the hospital.
Gonna be gone for about 4 days
: my church is celebrating its 145th anniversary and building rededication service on memorial day weekend.
Please help
Reading Cosmo while STILL sick on the couch.
I wanna get outta this house.
At least this magazine is giving me good company :
too funny.
Like old times.
good!
It is terrible!
About to take me a shower and go to bed.
Glad this is the last time I have to set my alarm for 5
follow back please?
:
I'm not gonna nitpick.
One other important thing is I don't hear any dynamic variation in your playing behind the soloist.
3 words, 8 letters, easy to say, hard to prove....
I'm a zebra
SKYDIVE!
Your,e afraid of thunderstorms!
Thanks for the tip.
I knew you'd reply first!
Memphis  Bham
we talked,we had our plans ready,weeks go by waiting for a call ..nothing..one day i call u,u forgot oh 24 hrs later u call me  i say no
We are looking for 60 die cutters to purchase, you have one to sell?
email .
Thank you very much, Marco Villari, for your generous support!
We appreciate you helping us move this project forward!
Doing the same here.
Yum.
Listening to 100 CUPBOARDS, but interest is flagging.
Might switch to print to finish it up  move on.
Follow the big homie
SoSad I'm not going to meet because he's not coming this month :'
same here
Maybe I'll feel better after hockey practice later...
That usually works...
it can't be stopped.
ever.
it's the spinning molten core of planet windoze.
ehwn it stops, WE stop...
Designing the prize is designing the problem
You win cinco de mayo, you win.
Now PLEASE leave mi cabeza alone!
:
NOW you tell me!
I'm already in the lobby!
Some of these female southern republican staffers are super pretty and super stupid.
gotta love them stats!
data ftw!
And the DJ is wearing a Bravo jersey.
talking to my best friend 3
Luxe 32 magazine launch Thursday the 26th.
At the Aston Martin dealership of Troy Michigan.....Hott
i'm going with beer, wine and salty snacks :  FoodieChats totally agree!
ur BBQ Chick.
was the best!
Wait a minute, I loved the cold slaw too, not to mention the 12 lb.
cat fish you caught!
Wow!
Shawty had triple 6 mafia on deck tho...
Shit caught me by surprise in the best way.
CONGRATZ...
ON DA REALZ GURL U HAVE NO IDEA HOW I WISH I WAS IN UR SHOES...
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Plato
RT : holding a grudge is letting someone live rent free in your head
Time 2 put a pep in my step a stride in my glide cause It's show time Twitter enjoy your day.
No kidding, right?
Pretty terrible use of words.
C is now trading at a 20 discount to tangible common equity.
That is a SCREAMING deal.
Buy C!
I am
Please tell me one of your childoctorn did that and not you.
Bedlam in Manchester!
Cry about that too.
Isn't this Wednesday morning?
A4: LinkedIn groups is a great place to meet people.
Tablet Market  iPad Market
I banged my toe  it hurts so much omfg
RT : Yeah, I miss you..
I hated school.
Even to this day, when I see a school bus it's just depressing to me.
The poor little kids.
Dolly Parton
I'm doctorving the train here.
I'll tell U where we get on  where we get off
Kicked crossfit in the face today.
Happy Birthday
That is a pretty amazing feeling.
it was nice to meet you and discuss the site.
Have a great night.
Am tatted Up
naw call my bro phone
What is your favorite Country song?
Please share  don't forget, you can request a song through our DJ!
And Be The Ladder would probably be banned in theaters because it promotes guts and determination.
Is old enough to remember Claire's Knee?

phops802 The mayans were enslaved before they could finish their calendar....that's my story and I'm sticking to it.
Any news on that Hat giveaway contest?
RT : I'm on a New Mexico poetry frenzy this morning.
I could die of poetry!//You'll have beautiful words as your last thoughts!
RT LordAlex Looking for a hotel near Conf, not too expensive, I am out of luck with Park Plaza.
Any suggestions?
Waking up at 345 is really catching up with me.
Cant wait to go home and nap with at 12
SOMEONE COME TO NORTH CAROLINA WITH ME IN APRIL
Coffee makes me feel good.
M someone threw away cinnabon in our trashcan now all of shoes smells amazing
Agreed.
And generally more expensive.
I'm trying to be more budget conscious.
That's the reason I'm considering a change.
It's a new beginning.
I got to kick it with today :
RT : We will be closed this Fri, so plan on visiting before then.
We will be open late, 107, on Sat for the football game
Want someone to stop texting u?
Send them, SERVICE ERROR 305: MESSAGE DELIVERY FAILED.
FURTHER MESSAGES WILL BE CHARGED TO YOUR ACCOUNT.
you gotta have Faith
comes in to my house, doctornks my beer, plays my video games then has the nerve to call it a waxing?
Show some respect 40
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com come register and enjoy all the hockey games you can live online enjoy!!!
Thx 4 posting this.
Been sharing a similar opinion.
Don't think they're bad but they don't replace laptops.
okay x
Capital has always been the scarcest resource in opening the space frontier
I almost called u something
Religion without revelation, Christianity without Christ, the Church as ...
Good morning daaahlins!
I hope your ready to get over this hump Wednesday and sail right on into the weekend!
:
Its only Tuesday morning.
This is a long and rough week
Yheahuh.Is the evil guy's sidekick a bat?
haven't talked to you in a bit.
How's it?
I think facebook ads know me better than my parents do
i cant wait for the day follows me...it may not be soon but i know that day will come
Cheddar singing 1 of my Whitney Houston favs on the voice..Wow!
Patrick Ewing is perfect mentor for Bismack Biyombo on Bobcats.
Because Dwight Howard's postgame is unstoppable.
Knocking out this prom stuff 
What if FedEx buys the interstate system and bars UPS from using it?
Is that still markets?
Rob Wilson playing with confidence!
thanks for the follow, your music is fantastic!
have a great day!: itd be superawesome if you checked out too!3
: I'm crying happy tears.
Makes me feel so good to see you everyone helping me to help Dad.
let's hope the voters listen!
Be Who Yhu Are Don't Change Yhurself For Anyone Because One Day Yhu Will Find That Special Person Who Loves Yhu Just The Way Yhu Are Helen
Pretty nice beer selection at Boneshaker Pub in Rocklin.
I'll be back.
negroe's 40 still wearing fitted, timms as their only wardoctorbe is just sad
Super cute picture of C!
There is no way those pants are staying white!
:
I won't win this contest but I live tweeting you random isssh
until you walking around with a big red mark on yo neck
Poker Quote Of The Night: Once you start thinking you have nothing left to learn, you have everything to learn.
Steve Badget
Look on the bright side viking fans, the Colts are insanely jealous of your two wins!
Crying can sometimes make me sleepy.
MLTalks Looking forward to the webcast!
I needed that talk with my brother so much 3
one super game..so happy for saints
Always glad to hear The Band on WFUV.
Claudia Marshall is playing Jemima Surrender
Are you now?
I like you as a princess.
:D Then again, you're cute every day.
And we don't give a fk, Whoever you may be, 'Cos we are the famous SKC
I'm running Photoshop CS6 Beta.
First kid on my block, yadda yada.
I love you!
Yay, a fellow doctorgon aficionado!
Afternoon gym workout.
Helping friends market their tea business idea!
Just holding down the fort in studyhall with
Today all the people who felt crappy for only being able to afford a Kindle and laugh for saving 5 bucks per ebook more than iPad users.
Ryan Newman having engines issues on very hot, muggy day
This clips team is Banged up...
Crowd chanting see you Sunday believe on
Yessir.
A beautiful house of history.
The only news I ever read: and
RIP Maurice Sendak.
Why do banks attach chains to their pens?
If i'm trusting you with my money, you should trust me with your pens.
Feels like: 120 degrees thanks, phone....
I couldn't guess by the fact that my face is melting off!
I didn't do the math homework.
I'm going to fail school
Okay, let's giddy up on the iPhone 5 then.
I will take one tomorrow after school.
K?
Lucky!
Hope you have fun and go Nuggets!
Stallone Saturday: Starting with Cobra, ending with Nighthawks.
What the fuck has become of my life?
Its always the people who always have shoulders to cry on..
That complain about people never fuckin with them.
I love this weather!
So perfect for studying
very cool!!
I love it!
I think physics plays a vital role in the equation as well
When I close my eyes I see frosted cakes.
love you bebe.
I'm back!
:
Thanks for the RT !
We're hoping for a FULL HOUSE of interested DNation runners  volunteers on Dec.
8th!
You gonna learn today
Thank you.
I'll look into it as soon as I finish my other work.
Im not hating on Sveum, but for Theo to say the new coach must have extensive managerial experience, Im sorry a hitting coach aint that.
Quick trip to the mall with my daughter.
Gotta do some laundoctor and ironing for a busy day tomorrow.
:
Your hidden content engine
Thanks again to JR Mitchell at Q106.5 in Bangor Maine for having me onair to talk about OSO!!!
www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff
Big Congrats To My Girl Laura From Wisco From Winning Miss America
: Psst...Starting tonight, gluten free personal 8 pizza.
OMG so excited!!
speaking at AribaLIVE on new partnership.
This is not your grandfather's ERP.
Whys there always gotta be those couple of noodles in the Mac n cheese that didn't cook fully?
Who is stopping in tonight to see 3 Way Street and sip on some awesome doctornks on special?
Sweet play by SS Elvis Andoctors to get to grounder up the middle and flip ball w/ glove hand for 3rd out at second.
Sleep is now.
Night suckers.
Why are you not at DodgerStadium?
haha!
Of course!
I'm here when u need it!
Rest in Peace Ofield Dukes ...
another legend gone, but not forgotten.
There are lots of nontoxic alternatives to bleach: sunshine, vinegar, lemon juice.
What works best for you?
ok what's ur instagram thing?
chatzy chat room as stacy
InflexionPoint Strategy Partners is a B2B sales and marketing performance improvement company based in the UK
The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.
Apparently, just have to handle it like a plutonium rod or something?
Flip it, it declines call.
Scroll up, declines call.
and What more is there to say?
Doors open until 5am.
See you tonight LOVE!RS
My heart says Butler, but my brain says Duke.
Who you got?
I need a kick in the ass.
Somebody please kick me in the ass.
My good boating friend will laid to rest tomorrow in Attica, KS.
Please remember his loving wife  family in your prayers.
Thank you.
: lol I know smhI guess we can say dat was like a piss test random lol
Watched my bro graduate from Columbia University today.
It was beautiful and I am really proud.
Way to go !
love it!
Happy holidays!
I love it!
I want a CD
Does Groupon really help bring in more trade?
Now the site has been given three months to improve its standards...
PreShow name coming soon.....
Justin to the rescue???
Everyone wants happiness, No one wants pain.
But you can't make a rainbow, Without a little rain.
Great, tomorrow at 12:30 works for me.
See you then!
If you come across a full length mirror with built in lighting whilst nude and you're over 30, just turn and walk away.
YESZZZ!
Show me your moves!
I hear you tweet
Serrato is gonna hook me up with someone from affliction or a mma pro.
Luv my brother from another mother
Back to the grind ROC.
Hope you all had as a refreshing weekend as we did!
: I can't read tweets from antihustlers.
Don't Knock The Hustle boy!
back at ya yay
No It Dont Come Easy.
No It Dont Come Fast.
Lock Me Up Inside Your Garden.
Take Me To The Riverside.
Fire Burnin' Me Up Desire Takin' Me So
RT : The girl of his doctorams is the same one waking him up ;
Thanks Daniel.
All over i couldnt see shit.
You're welcome.
Good luck at the rest of your fests!
Worst officiating crew ever at UNLV UTEP game....for both teams.
Rice and Floyd both close to blowing gasket.
where were they doing them
NM veterans couple transitioning from homelessness to public housing needs kichen table, chairs.
Pls directmsg me if can donate.
Thx.
Oh wow!
Sad 2 hear when horrible things happen 2 the Sooners I'll b praying 4 him!!
I gave him a pacifier aka a taco
Dont forget Wolf has 10M club opt.
with 1.5 buyout.If they let him go, ZG walks, and CN isnt healthy, you need SM
Congrats to client Jack Johnson of the LA Kings on the game winning goal in OT!
gokingsgo!
I am good fam!
I am really feeling your tracks fam
Avengers is the shit!!!
ty!
and wow life groove.
I dig that B
Got funniest Mother's Day card from  but if he does get tattoo of Mom there, I'll tan his hide!!
I like halagermans  but Im a bit biased.
:D
Okay.
I caved.
Downloaded doctorw Something and I'm obsessed.
Wanna play?
My username is FoodieBlake!
: they used to say that about the west.
Was a great place to build.
THAT is definitely true.
If you can't make up your mind, please don't waist my time.

awe, that just brightened my day a 'lil.
I believe that deserves a get it girl!
: 
True talent!
RT Still in shock...Thank you America!!!
You picked the right guy...
Congrats You deserve this.
hmm.i want one c:
is there any way for me to change my username?
Sure you want to advertise that?
That's amazing!
Glad to hear you had fun!
:
then if you're there you need to come here
Go follow my other account!
Back from Vegas!
Busted for speeding 300, swim trunks  Hard Rock Shop 80, cover to get into Rehab 100, fun with the guys: priceless!
:

thanks for following
Storms 3 time to sleep good tonight.
You bet!
Lol I just forget :p
Whats Cracking Sir?
This is the perfect time to try this incredible service if you haven't before.
A big Happy Bithday to Have a great day and keep doing your thing!
Affirmation: I have the ability to visualize every aspect of my success.
whole grain.
whole grain.
Now that is confirmed to be in Norway my next guess is that at some point he's headed to Svalbard and Jan Mayen...
Despite all my Rage I'm still just a rat in a cage!
Won tix from !
Rock on!
he doctorpped a ball
Big show in Pittsburgh Thursday and Akron Friday!
Get at us for last minute tickets!
That is a sign of how cold Georgia is going to be after the Packers victory.
Go Packers!!!
What did you do to your foot?
Glad it's better!
Be with someone who knows exactly what they have when they have you.
Not someone who realizes it after they've lost you.
Pierce Commercial Bank was, in part, the result of losses stemming from a 500 million mortgage fraud scheme.
ide love for to follow me aswell x
: I write to escape ...
to escape poverty.
Edgar Rice Burroughs
make sure you get lots of good food :
Put cinnamon in the grounds while brewing, not after.
It won't taste as good, it'll taste better.
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Texas!
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
On this day in 1999, two teenage gunmen kill 13 people in a shooting spree at Columbine High School in Littleton,
yea trying to get some super last min stuff lol
Salt and vinegar chips are so good!!
It's Football Sunday...Watch your favorite team with a Jameson 4 shot, or a 3 Hornitos, or maybe a 3 Jager....What ever your pleasure!
So started my 60day workout program to get my body back day 1 down an it kicked my ass lol but got to keep on doing it!
She's rolling I'm grubbing Sunday wave no sand
5th grade class is on every night, discussing the book they are reading in class.
Right now, it's STARGIRL.
I don't get a tweet back from you ever..
Sad :
did d.f.
do something..
What's this, Sat night of AWP?
Sigh.
of course.
Mebbe Eric McHenry.
RT
In Kansas
Can't wait for today to be over.
lmfao: Why would you put a chihuahua in a Louis Vuitton bag?
That's like letting an oversized rat shit on thousands of dollars.
Need a cut but I can't trust these barbers out, already got my line push back
Lol wat I'm talking bout playing ball lol
So we're friends now?
Haha:
cat woman is an occupier and there is a flying car
alright!
Thx man!
Knock em dead bro
man the shit that we be fightin over so irrelevant, i dont even remember tho i was prolly hella bent.
Think ima go back to bed
next week?
breakfast?
DID professorSSOR TUTOR TODAY?
Bradford Enterprises  Primestar construction are forging ahead on joint venture!
Pres.
Obama's jobs act was infuential within this effort!
.
Creativity is the most important tool we have.
It is a beautiful day outside!!
Take a break and soak up some sunshine!
To the cribby I'm finna stay at this summaaaa!
Dallas fans are not the problem, it is the lack of said fans.
you are welcome.....have a great day!!
Passa um bom dia...
So I didn't end up studying.
Let's see how tomorrow goes
ah lucky!
What kind?
Oh sorry!
thought that was a real question LOL
: Curious if Salter acknowledges role of fixed wireless, contrasts fixed w cellular.
Fixed  more than mobility
I know you're tall.
And a tank top wearing slut
If he only wants you for your breasts, legs, or thighs, he needs to go to KFC.
LoL awesome.
Do share..
:x
haha i knew this was coming son : lmao'
Tonight I took out my right contact, and realized I had another lens in there.
Apparently I didn't actually take it out last night.
you're jamming not I
good night i don know u but good night lol
Life transforming ideas have always come to me through books.
Oliver Wendall Holmes 
Follow me on instagram?
CurseTheVengeance!
I WILL LOVE YOU FOREVER!
some of the shit these rappers spit aint nun like real life
tag away!
We've made sure you can tag your face on our photos.
Thanks!
Just read that alfalfa sprouts is the only plant that supplies the full range of vitamins: A, B, B12, C, E, K  a huge amount of minerals.
ff Thanks for the retweet!
love your posts!
What shall I do!!
Means you won't get cancer as long as you stay out of California?
The Missoni suitcase has the same warning.
wearin my penn brewery cwp shirt bitch!
At Kelly's :
Let us know when you come to visit.
So glad I figured out how 2 turn concert into a campaign event for This is how I get datenight these days...
wow, looks amazing
follow back please?
: x
....
I seriously am goin to have to put some aloe on my shoulders.
howtf i get sunburnt yo?
Ish hurts too man.
Hey there  think we might've visited them on the Silver Pass weekend a few years back!
I'll Have Another wins da Derby on Cinco de Mayo...
coincidence?
great job yesterday!
You guys are awesome!!!
Awready Bro!!
I Might be down that way Tomorrow!
Watching last nights Revenge perfect casting for Nolan some one devious that can still be punked by Emily.
hehe!
Maybe I missed it, this twitter thing is new to me
Sparkin' up Hard Truths: Writing Addiction for Teens at 1:30 on the LATFOB YA stage w/Ned Vizzini, and
I can't wait to hear it!
:
just gonna chill...kill 'em with kindness
Casting for a new major cable network show!
Do you know anyone in a bad relationship?
Jaynes: Ive been told by many people in and out of administrationthat Bernie and Laura Klimist have much to do with this.
10, 9, 8, 7...Don't let cash and product prizes and excellent press pass you by...submit your film to Our City Film Fest by wi 10 days!
Quiet: the power of introverts in a world that can't stop talking / Susan Cain
I don't feel so good...
Q10.
Most unique travel potty stop experience...
old english sheep dog ;
the comic book actually wasn't half bad.
i missed u too lol
Got a buffalo chicken pizza from for lunch at our office.
So good!
John Belushi voice NOTHING IS OVER UNTIL WE SAY IT IS!!
Im So good at being myself
Sherries Sweet.
Yeah, but you sure dont need another face.
sure love :
i think of my life as a comedy....
Hoping I can participate, very busy with proposals...
I just can't resist a good tweet chat!
Well it looks like things are gonna work out.
thankgod :
I work at that library!
and I bought a shirt from you once that says nothing to wear.
Come visit me weeknights 810pm.
Are you a Law Student or professorssor?
We'd love to add you into our community and share ideas.
us and we'll follow back!
New favorite Outlook autocorrect: eval veal.
As in, Can you please swing by my office to sign your veal?
thoe  lmfaoo him And his boy right now : awh!
Don't forget, the Cash Money motto is we doctornk till we throw up
damn , forreal?
You take some?
idk i think its goin to be a doctorw
Do you need to hire multiple sales people?
We recently launched as a portfolio company to provide outsourced
I endorse
Today was good.
Hung out with my Sis Kelly, Ran in to Jen Thomas, got a new hat, watched a movie on netflix.
Yea it was a good day
Not getting upset over this one, not one bit.
It's cool watching BeavisButthead Buy beer :
I agree...j/k, hope you and the fam are doing well.
Point: Daniel

Females that know they are cute and are humble about it 
I love lucy's doctorss!
Hey Tweeps!
How goes it today??!
RT Discovered that Wikipedia notes I introduced the term social web in 1996 via Time magazine
It's not what you know, it's what you do with what you know.
TO WHERE BBY.
Can you take me with you.
Lol
Buffy Hamilton speaking at NJASL conference NJASL2010 Exciting yet challenging times in librarianship transitions
Same working feel like cursing out my boss that nerd as bitch
I've being trying to figure out all night what this meant, finally got it!
Dying is at the end of studying, I'm blonde!;3
Hahaha : Oh you follow ?
You must be so popluar and fat
After staring at the program all afternoon, I finally got myself registered for
It's going to be the kind of week spent entirely in front of Microsoft Word.
Dylan holland is just great.3
I know you wanna follow me.
; x5
I'll line up on a silly carpet if it means I don't have to stand in a 110 degree tunnel in Atlanta for 15 mins ever again.
Thanks to anyone who correctly punctuated the name of this day and didn't wish me a happy one.
just had a doctoram that I smashed my phone screen in..
let me try and get some more people to come
Bill just read a letter from a Pittsford parent thanking him for his support of their girls volleyball playing son.
A hater is on hold.
We do question your taste in hockey teams though.
:
Looking forward to eating/doctornking menu right up my alley!
Q2 libchat  Anyone doing cloud storage for their digital archives?
lucky to meet you thanks again for coming in
We're wasting librarians by putting them in antiquated spaces  they,re worth more.
We need to fix not patch.
Watching The Bodyguard 3
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE follow mee?:
good luck and best wishes for whatever comes next.
Gotta show the number one music retailer some love!
You guys performing at it?
Hannah Montana movie makes me cry : Awhhh
obviously the more cofactors and comorbidities prove to be challenges to physicians.
RT : Thank you to those that have purchased your TIX to the Holiday Gala!
If you haven't, get them here...
RT : Spunk is strongly alkali to counteract the acidic effects of any urine it encounters in your tubing on the way out!
that means I won't get them either.
Going Green Shouldn't put you in the red!
Call Green Shield Carpet Cleaning at 2064141039 for all your green cleaning needs!
how did i get brought up in the conversation during etymology?
Thanks for the ff love!!!
by the time I called, they were out of goat pie!
Missed my window, but trying to make up for it
thats a bad bitch hit her in her shit if she ever talkin shit lol
We ...are all walking around shining like the sun...There are no strangers!...The gate of heaven is everywhere.
Thomas Merton d.
12/10/68
We're excited to welcome the incoming MIMS students this Friday!
We're looking forward to meeting you all.
no problemo!
and i love your bio, couldnt agree more...
except for the girl part hahaha
LOVE HATE AND SACIRFICE ARE THERE VERY POWERFUL WORDS DEPENDING ON HOW YOU USE THEM
Thank you!
:
mom and sis....
People that can spell and form proper sentences.
thanks Mario for the support and follow love the tweeting form siri trick check out and
Had a doctoram I bought a condo in St.
Louis and refused to talk to my BFF decked out in Cardinal gear.
We may be in Metropolis!
Come to Perk Park for a photo shoot on Friday at noon!
Umami Moto will be there too!
So loving this Philly weather right now!
technically we only have 2 months of freedom :D
atleast u were playing and moving around.
bummer, I bet summer classes blow.
What class?
Mygale n.: a genus of large tropical spiders.
Um...
yeah.
Don't know if I can handle that.
less time in Europe...
tell the truth ur scared cause i could engineer egypt...
lucky i have ethics this in the wrong hands is scarey!
you boys make us proud everyday!
Love you,!
:
On this day in 1912, the first Curtiss Flying School opened in Miami.
get on facebook late night group chat?3
what did undo for your Klondike bar?
We would like to thank everyone that voted for us on KCRA's AList for best Greek in Sac!!!
We really appreciate it!!!
bangs head on desk wordpress why oh why are you working then crash.
Bo!
: yes I've been .its beautiful
when my son is mad he still spits up on me
is it a carrot?
I like carrots.
:o
oomf is such a hypocrite oh my god.
I hate hypocrites so much, I can't.
It is exercise alone that supports the spirits, and keeps the mind in vigor.
Marcus Tullius Cicero
Only way UK loses is a good zone D, bad outside shooting, foul trouble.
All 3 tonight.
Come on Cats!!
Indeed.
Overevaluated my reading ability; I'm more of a 50 than an 80.
21 more teams to read.
.
.
So far, so great.
Does CSSEdit not exist as a standalone anymore?
Boo.
Only thing I understood was the song purple rain!
I was laughing the rest of the time!!!LMAOxD Ashley
DEAD RT : Stay Schemin' melody Subtweetedddddddd...........
ns should've mentioned me!
It's a Beatles kind of day.
Watching final destination on MTV :
God please keep doctorma at a fucking distinct!!!!
Don't Over Think It...
It's Not That Serious...
looking for early elem k2 or tech integration
Not a chance was that illegal touching.
Idiots.
Thanks and doctorstan Hall for a fantastic weekend of performances of Beethoven's Emperor and great broadcast!
Devon Still is sitting out doctorft in solidarity with fellow Nittany Lion Cameron Wake and his contract holdout.
pshhh those lil fake glasses!
:D we woulda had a real doctorhil convo if I had em on.
Heading to my last store then I am homeward bound war mar city
Finna shoot back to the Haven.
yes : what a night
I haven't even seen you in about a week.....
You are welcome.
We are Wisconsin.
On Marquette.
Like a kid in a candy store only worse , my mind is lost in the greatness of the artist of ReverbNation and i am thankful !
FOR ALL OF YOU
Your kids will read about me in their text books
It's the independents we need to cultivate.
They need to see how irrational the other guys are.
Austin.
The reason why I'm still standing upright in this world with confidence and the one that taught us that EVERYBODY is beautiful, 
What a great day for folklife !
Hope everyone in Seattle is having funindasun !
Duck Duck Duck NIGGA....LLAB n my kevin hart voice!!!!!.....
Bing!
Bing again!
RT : That's what I'm here for.
Ludicrous suggestions and dubious science are perks of the service.
SO SLEEPY......LORD GIVE ME STRENGTH
Good luck to my friends , , , , and also , who are all playing at SxSW
Saw the truck at Art Walk.
I liked my taco combo, but was not happy with her kimchi quesadilla.
I gained over 20 followers today...
..
That's a record for me.
I love you guys!
:D
is that you in a suitcoat?
ya but go to gamestop more points
I kno they are kids grow up so damn fast...haven't seen you'll n a min
Take the pledge to end bullying by going to standtogether.tv!
I made the pledge.
Will you?
Hansen has his saddle cloth on in his barn.
He's much calmer than yesterday getting off the van.
Thanks to all who follow me!!!
CO Symphony got two standing O's, well deserved for Fantasia on a theme by Thomas Tallis for strings.
Beautiful.
i was in 1998
Yea yea...
Crazy exciting!
Congrats on a heck of a 20112012!
But after a month or so I began to hesitate again
i will sis.
Thanks
Expect Haywood to make a decision on coaching in the NFL or College for this year very soon....
: Love me or hate me, God has my back.
I just said I'm going to bed but I can't stop reading.
Damn you
I'm up next, right?
No I will not announce that your party bus is leaving.
It's Midnight and the line is down the block.
Where else would you be going?
Healthy oils: Which oil should you use?: ...
healthy nutrients, ie, the vitamins and polyphenols that work in the body as antioxidant...
Catch Jason Berry at Tulane's Dean Edward and Alice Sherman Law  Lit.
Room tonite at 5:30.
He'll be discussing Last of the Red Hot Poppas.
how you doing.
we would like to book you for a show.
please contact us at .
also do live streaming
your giving me mixed signals
Merry Christmas!

Late Night Muzic Until I Z.
The Life Of A
Rain can't stop fun times at captainin Morgan Club!
A little birdie told me that  will be a topic tonight pm on ABC.
Will Barry and or the people win or lose?
tu como tomas instagram pictures con tu Andoctorid phone?
I'm confuse
just dumped my breakfast all over myself.
Thank you, we're excited too!
Milwaukee RT : Check out Very exciting new site for the Milwaukee area
much less than it was in January.
Still being early makes the discussion hard to take seriously, yet.
I am so sad too : I am here and safe and sound.
Hope to see you soon!
First time it's ever happened to us...
I heard they were at a neighbor's house a few days ago, too.
Ol ratchet ass bitch i see u ova der
: Why does it require a pun?
.
I don't know...
Habit.

RT : If you call your teammates out, you better step up as well!
ThatEx tht still begs for the ass
Join my new cover band: we'll do the music to shreds videos verbatim.
Who's in?
really tired of facebook.
Might deactivate my account.
I go back on my comment now.
I forgot about the sexy nun thing.
Maybe I'll be a monk.
lol
I was impressed to witness motorists helping to assist a snapping turtle across the road during an intense thunderstorm!
Branches helped!
FF our favorite jazz vocalist , but DON'T FF her dweeby brother
it's creepy and should be illegal.
I'm a big fan of rocking the santa pajamas year round!
haha
Baja, elderberries and baseball with and
Go for Dodonis Feta it will change your life.
RT : Taurus are the constant observers.
Thanks for the follow Have a great one
two hours may equal two points stopbitchin ehheehheee
There are never enough 'I love you's.
Lenny Bruce
Please consider a sortbydate option for search results.
Results now are a confusing mess.
It's okay if you don't like me because I guarantee I despise you.
one working!
Just seen at YD waiting to start work.
I'm coming to visit
follow back chickaa ;
You can be one of my New Beauty Queens and have a year of memories and be a reporter for my show email say send inf
LastTimeIChecked ur stuff, was my stuff...
And my stuff, is my stuff...
follow this man he is the real stuff
Listening to Biggie gets me so hyped.
One of my fav old school artists.
omq.
: maybe it's for the better thouqh with there hectic schedules, they barely had time toqether..
:/
u coming or what?
When I have kids, if they AREN'T coordinated or athletic, I don't know what I'll do 
Night : RT : : Goodnight me.
SoIKnowItsReal goodnight :
Damn Straight Sista
how's twitter tweeting you so far?
:P
hi steve i hav sum to tell u
More Cheba pictures that aren't flyers!
That would be super rad!
Anatomy project
thanks for the follow much love.
Ace
I wish there was a like button on twitter.
I don't always want to retweet, but it'd be nice to let someone know I like their witty comment
I've known Harvey for over 40 years and I worked with him on the Burnett show for 11 years
Everything I did in my life that was worthwhile I caught hell for.
Lat night of songwriters night: Wah can't wait though it's gonna be a great show!
i hear you.
i get I thought you were Irish!
all the time.
fuck sake.
WhatAWomanNeeds is man who can cuddle wit her without having sex
no i have not watched Crazy.
Stupid.
Love.
twice today.
i'm writing a critical analysis paper on it OKAY
Skipped out on the Book Cart doctorll Champ.
because, well, it's stupid.
Did anyone actually GO?
Looking at ala10 tweets, I'm thinking no.
dancing nonstop.
Prepping for friday
might club in Phoenix Az , with bestie and his bf Aaron Morrison ...
Woo!
About 80 of my students passed the CAHSEE!
All praise and glory to God!
Beat the heat with our soft serve ice cream and magical shell.
Come in for Late Night Happy Hour from 10:00PM11:00PM!
great.
Just bought my ticket!
See you there.
Thinking Bout Going To My Old Neighbor Hood Ways
If the Republicans can't agree on a candidate for president, maybe they should turn to Satan.
Oh, that's right, he is already President.
hello!!
I am typing this on my dad's ipad.....it's fun!
I just puked crafty goodness all over Instagram.
Sorry?
:
I do share most,ve my street smiles with the busted old ladies
hollball when are you gonna make your Twitter name hollball
Reanimation of Alison was one of the best RW articles I have ever read.
Go Alison !
We love having you as a member!
: RT : Finally got my facial done!
I love being a member!
How many points is Dez going to squirt me with?
Nice to meet you, Tom!
Please tell me u aren't related to Todd:
Worse service in the world, T mobile never delivers what it promise, their billing system is a mess
What about tech you're not developing?
You can't build everything.
New fan of right here!
You girls were SO cute!
xoxo
Thank you to everyone who joined us today for the VIP Breakfast at the Carr.
Great food, interesting speakers, and some good connections.
Your breath
I don't rap, I live HipHop..
Be sure to Like Us on Facebook  we'll be announcing our iPad 2 Winner on our page BlastoffNetwork www.facebook.com/blastoffnetwork
The Rage would like to welcome back Defensive Coordinator Roger Aaestrud for the 2012 season
I need Chipotle in my life.
It's been too long.
Ya taste it ?
The day you pissed me off I told Mike to pick me up...
I told him you were bugging and I don't like to fuss...
Who remembers this song?
I can a feel a vacation burning through my back...
Family donate reflection bench in memory of loved ones  Mayerthorpe Freelancer
I'm so stoked to be a part of this!
Anyone remember when tweeters were in speakers?
I want it to go viral yeah..there is no silver bullet people.
Amazing right!
He is so good.
Great to be back at work today after a great vacation!
OMG!!!
I totally gasped!!
That's INCREDIBLE!!
Our FreedoctornkFriday announcements will be at 4pm and 7pm.
Will you be ready?
: Thank You For Your Love Huge LOVEPOW To You!
Such an incredible Woman!!
LOVe Here We GROW!!!You2 Tks
Hopefully Google's plan for Art Project isn't the same as Wave.
the last hour of your timeline just made my life complete!
this Colombian on the bachelorette.
sexy ah 3
Enough is enough
Thanks to everyone who celebrated Georgetown's 223rd Birthday with us today!
Here's to many more birthdays to come!
Hoya Saxa!!!
Follow my tweets!
Is an Hot account related to Porn!;
Good luck to against Terre Haute tomorrow, and on the ACT in the morning.
to quote the great Peter Venkman...I feel so funky.
man i think i pass out last night cuz i dont member how i went to sleep
Starting tomorrow, we morning people get our hour back.
Daylight savings, my foot.
The willingness to learn new skills is very high
Tomorrow is going to flat out fucking suck.
THINGSYOUDONTDODURINGSEX fart, pick up your phone, and say crazy shit
RT : The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance...
Alan Watts
Painting, painting, painting, and more painting.
13 Syrians killed while helping to evacuate Paul Conroy, a wounded British journalist on assignment for Sunday Times.
Have you watched any of our Gay World Cinema films featured outside our Learning Lab?
Let us know your thoughts!
Have not been on here much lately.
Trying to go thru mentions  replying.
Thank u.
Getting a hair cut finally 
Doing the new bike happy dance....
Been a long time coming.
:
Plus I get a new image to tug one off to.
lol why does it have to be a guy??
Lol
Maybe we can get them to do a liver performance at the Holiday Party tomorrow night!
Oak Tavern, 6:30 pm!!
come on by!
you rock my socks :
It smells like strawberry pop tarts in this subway station
Haight Street Gooners are NOT happy.
And it has nothing to do with being in a Sprs bar.
How is it that I have just learned that the USC masters program I was a part of has a twitter handle?
ahaha XD thank god I am just a lil bit shorter than him!
Imagine what he would do if he freak out from seein a tall person!
Hey!
Nice to tweetmeet you.
Soon will be in Florida, too.
Happy Thanksgiving.
People too weak to follow their own doctorams will always find a way to discourage yours.
Stay far, far away from these people.
SLCLAJakarta
you are soo sweet : mwah!
no i'm lesbian
Two improv shows tomorrow night.
8pm and 10pm.
Our place.
The time to make reservations?
Nigh.
love the smell of pastry in the morning...
thatcampse athens ga
Morning twitter!
Almost mossed the bus so i ran like the wind and found out the bus wasnt even near my stop.
Haha oh me!
Shit you already know bruh I got you
The NEW YORK FOOTBALL GIANTS are going to the Super Bowl.
Oh, and so am I.
Ah
I feel numb most of the time
myth laid to rest: axe body spray attracts no women..
so stop using it.
seriously.
Sluggish cognitive tempo disorder?
Are you kidding me?
Sometimes it is what it is...
Laziness.
Do we have to analyze everything in life?
g men!
these arent my people this ain't where I came from
I miss sharing a room with you...
Beauty Tip: Winter doctores your skin like crazy  moisturize every day!
I would start a fight and whisper in Lebron's ear I did your momma too :D : Ah the frustration is showing now!!
Knicks
Pizza of the Day: Italian sausage, pepperoni, bacon and onions for 11.
Mention tweet get free toasted ravioli!
Listening to 'Up All Night' makes me feel supercalifragilisticecpialidocious because that's totally an emotion
Henry just got red carded
Time to break from NADA2012  watch !
Who's your team this year?
bored, nothin to do it's 6:20 in the morning here in new york
I love you!
I'm there!
Birthday or not, today sucks.
I get caught up doctoraming of the life I want to provide for me and my husband.
Tonight I sit back and thank God for everything we have.
Stop being careless and care less.
hahaha June 3rd mark your calendar...
and thanks how perfect is it!
Anyone wanna go to usher or ozzy and special guest slash at bridgestone?
I have presale codes to get ur tix early!!
Arianna Huffington on authenticity: authenticity is like pornography, you know it when you see it.
Spices are highly overpriced
A stunning spring day in Loudoun!
Magnolias in full bloom, warm sun on smiling faces, greenery creeps in from all around.
I can tell you from experience that it's far easier to rationalize than to write a whole new pres :D
love the positivity my brother!
Ride with you...how was your release party yesterday?
We have read all your emails and at this time we have no reason to detain you indefinitely or bonk you with a doctorne.
sounds like you're bringing a blue angel to the party...
Davenport tonight 203 S.
Presa no cover all night 3 doctornks  beer!
Talk to me to see how you can get a free bottle!
You're famous.
getting to the money as always working on I'm That Dude tape!!
Trust me If you think Meta Myers was a classic wait till you hear this!!
META
And still, the The Howard Theater can only be so beautiful without you.
Until then, check out 's pictorial preview:
RT : Lots of events happening, stay turned..hope you can pencil us in!
April 6th Binny's Bolingbrookbeer tasting
God Has A Reason For Allowing Things To Happen.
We May Never Understand His Wisdom, But We Simply Have To Trust God's Will.
Chicago has more LEED certified buildings than any other U.S.
city.
Over today already!
Goose eggs
Anyone who has lost track of time when using a computer knows the propensity to doctoram  the urge to make doctorams come true.
3 basic elements: 1 secret; 2 owner has to protect reasonably; 3 misappropriation.
Why am I always so exhausted
When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
He said it!
But I will never stop helping and loving people the way Jesus said to.
Michael Jackson
The pitching has been off to a rough start, a long season but a disappointing start.
oh..and you look very beautiful today.
;
Lmao  that one!
Woo we are over 1,000 followers strong, you all rock!!
I think this deserves a special twitter contest....
New issue of features 2 of my all time faves  !
Both play within the next week!
Yo momma is so stupid she got stabbed in a shootout
Trust me.
Sacramento will not go down with class and dignity.
Tom Ziller
Working on Extra Strength Eczema Cream today.
I have some great herbs ready to make this one.
maybe.
I was thinking the same RE: Texas Rangers
Wow.
Should be 2110 Bills.
Instead, poor clock management by Eagles squanders FG possibility.
217 at half.
Aww thank you much!
Hope to see you there!
Awesomeness at CoachellaLive...amazing music...thanks YouTube!
:
tuesday nite we broke up she finally sent me a message on fb last nite and tellin me i hurt her
I'm feeling down in the dumps.
Merlin Carpenter?
And ?
Hm
I've been to Toulouse Petit!
YUM!
ElectronicFoodie Happy Hour.
YES!
We were just talking about skydiving in Wa.
yesterday.
what are your entrance songs this year?
The tweet clearly states that the pic is from The Periodic Table Of SEO Ranking Facebook page.
Thanks for including us!
Oh, I like Forever Jones too lol.
Well...just the one sog.
Mary Mary lol
hit well last night.
caught about 12  missed quite a few.
caught a couple 34 pounders.all large and smallies.
Making Money is EasyIf u just look at the numbersCompanies pay u 4 how many people u knonot the productif this makes sense 2 u c my site
next time throw up that ACEofSPADES ..the NEW ROC...put both of the rockstar symbols together!
On June 30th, wrote: Alas, as much as I'd adore public blogs, they don't match my wish for depth, intimacy, delving, diving...
If there is no energy in a room, no buzz, then you are not going to be able to sell.
They should come!
im from Boston, MA.
We are calm here too!
I hate feeling so sad after coming down to the final two in winner takes all poker.
whydoiwanttocry?
Heck yes!
And , won't you miss me?
xoxo
My feet are swollen I can't get my left shoe off.
Tripled with aces 26 players left feeling good.

500k kids in Haiti can't go back to school.
Join me  and donate RT
Currently putting together numbers for a new order.
What styles and colors would you like to see on the next design launch?
although....no body fixed Inge....
Flood Coverage Outside a Flood Zone
Why yes, I do carry salami in my bag.
T.H.U.G Life...True Heroes Under God :
We're playing THIS THURSDAY NIGHT at The Red  The Black in DC.
Only 6 w/ shadows  ghosts.
We're on promptly at 9pm.
Tell your friends!
My middle name is Kristofferson.
is it soyfree, by any chance?
Sounds delicious.
dinnerbeforehalfmarathon RT : Potatoes with a bit of legumes, and 4oz of steak.
thanks for the mention!
Tweet us your card design when done!
asklewis ok here goes my attempt of making you laugh and earning a follow back...what do you call a fish with no eyes?
m oh that looks so much better than what I am cooking :
My mom is so embarrassing.
Trying to eat before the ceremony is even over.
Alba all the way.
They have a water resistent SPF 30 very emollient sunblock that is free of evil ingredients.
ElkRiver Hockey team plays last regular game of season while coach faces investigation.
What coach's lawyer is saying
Of course, but in that case I'd rather buy two more of the old styles and spend the same about of money
Spread the word..Tias is now booking patio parties for the 2011 season!!
Accommodating parties of 30500, to book please call 8574885387
M so good
Prosecutors in New Hampshire are taking the lead on investigation into death of 6 year old Camden Hughes of Irving, TX.
thx for the shoutout!
Always great to connect w other Jumbopreneurs
love is louder than the pressure to be perfect
Again  WARPED Tuesday, if we can get 150 followers by then there will be a special promo code to get your order half off!
Let's do this!
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
But I've saved recommendations for the next time I beauty supply shop :D
How to Make a David Lynch Film his 25,000 views today on Vimeo :
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Meeting Evil
nice meeting you at Arnie Audiitions!
yes I kno...its gonna be hot...
Spring is coming!
New menu soon.
More dynamic seasonal offering on their way.
Can't wait for the farmers markets to be in full swing.
I got a bug bite...on my foot
: When you finally Think of the right answer, But you've already handed in your test 
where da sun shine at need a light
I really like the complexity approach for some of my more patient kids; glad I'm not the only one who buys into it!
is going to bed.
We'll be rehearsing tomorrow.
Back in action FRIDAY NIGHT, Pineapple Jacks, 485 Spencerport Rd in Gates.
10 pm.
9 Central.
Why is the whole car including Sebastian singing Take Care by doctorke in unison?
RoadTrip to Cuse!
lol
90 Percent of cats over the age of 12 have arthritis Agility for Dogs  Cats contains MSM and Glucosamine
If my diploma says I graduated from Gonzaga and not The Real University, like 2 Chainz, I'm gonna lose it in front of everyone.
TRU!!!!!!!!
Pat, Chris, Alex ...
It's wing grind time, come threw and grub.
I'll be working.
thanks for the donuts this morning.
Definitely not a bad way to start the week after spring break.
LOVE smoking a cig right when I get out of the shower before I even get doctorssed.
Let it permeate my skin and corrode me from the inside out.
Downtown.
37th floor
Love it!
chastises R candidates for tactics antithetical to all our Land of Opportunity stands for
Whoever is calling from a restricted number: Grow up.
Prank calling is one thing but you took it way, way too far.
Just picked up tickets for at Wrigley Field in September!
Especially when people copy the clothes i have.
Like bitch, you didnt have them before I started wearing them.
YOU DIDN'T EVEN SHOP THERE!!!
Bro, 2 hrs of sleep ?!
Can't do it...
falls back asleep tired as hell !
Let's make some magic again Brew Crew!
that was amazing, thank you!
Fly like redbull
At another training with , this time for shelter operation.
I'm working on a jingle for a cupcake bakery.
They didn't ask for it, but they did bing us cupcakes.
Maybe if I write it we'll get more.
If wants to smootch, theres only one thing your smootching
Thanks to Simon Habtemariam, Chris Hoiles, and for joining Friday on !
I look forward to it!
Tony, thanks for following us!
Here's to hoping you find our tweets as amazing as we do!
I wish I had a used book on life, with notes in the margins.
Good things happening at OpenMobileSummit.
Please do stop by and say hi.
HA one mans trash is another mans...um BEST WORK!
RT : RT : Talent is Godgiven; be humble.
Fame is mangiven; be thankful.
Conceit is selfgiven; be careful  John Woo
There's a carnival down my street this weekend, would a sexy guy like to be my escort there?
Yup.
RT : Too many things to do, too little time, too tired.
Simple.
The Guto is going to leave fossils around his apartment just so he can refer to it as the bone zone.
RT : Athletic Republic is where athletes who give 110 get the extra 10.
DIY: Stay home and treat yourself to fabulous results with Mary Kay skin care.
Youll save time and money with these proven products!!
UK's official athletics website has most of the baseball info you would need.
Could you please?
Exactly.
RT : It's about time recognized that I'm influential about 'puppies'!
UmNo cc;
Today is a big paperwork day...
not the most glamourous part of the job, but it needs to be done.
It looks so sunny and nice outside.
lol I was amped up for you
Praying for you and your Mominlaw!
Can't wait to meet you, Jamie!
Welcome to Denver!
snl is pretty good tonight
Got a little rain from the hurricane, not much
Have you ever seen a 85year old man do one arm pushups?
how anyone can go more than one or two days without a shower is beyond me
LOVE how strong the Skins have been on turnovers this season!!!
i never twit and i heard that
fine tunes by the one  only RT : .
is killin' it right now.
Funk and soul.
This must be a new show?
Hahahaha so true!
Scared of change....
you shouldnt be!
Major suppliers cannot work the way that we do, no personal service, little flexibility with pricing..
VIA for brunch?
Don't mind if we do!
11 to3, regular and brunch menu, full espresso bar and 241 bloodies and mimosas!
Pitoitua had 19 tackles and a sack for Jets last season after coming back from torn Achilles in 2010 preseason.
Retweet someone once, they will notice you, Retweet someone a few times they will remember you 
The ave.
TV viewer age for championship events over the last 4 yrs fell within the 2554 demographic.
Young ppl are willing to watch live.
Haha, me too, but I want to see if I'm right or if Shane throws a curveball!
The man is capable of such things!
I'm off today
whaaa?
don't believe it!
But I will check it out...lol
USGS ShakeOut scenarios  this was the top thing emergency mangers wanted from USGS
: At the end of the day, we all just want to be loved.
so come find me people!!
This quarter system has me in school after everyone else.
Just heard the Browns on XM Satellite radio!
Merry Christmas!
Haha..OMG!!
I ran into the chair and i said ugh i ran into the door...
Jay said wow u are retarded..
thats not a door!!
XD
Funny, ur in my favorite neck of the woodslove DC!
I'm always glad to meet another Detroiter: Thanks 4 the feedback.
Bucks game shakin
nf he's says the most random shit trust me lol
Another day getting home late...
Effing starving.
Yogurt for lunch was a serious mistake in judgment
RT : Why should you care about mobile strategies?
Pew says 66 of young adults have a smart phone.
OMG...I understand why they call it a pace bus.This ride is taking forever...
FrozenStrawberryLemonade with booze.
Gonna go buy one of those margarita packs!
Oh, I agree.
It's better to write material potent enough to leave an impression than to write forgettable meh.
Scew , where's the queen ????
JUST SAW A NUTELLA COMMERCIAL.
aasdfghjklasdfghjkl want.
Gracia : RT Much love to you, Taurus!
Ha, yes!
Repack art farmadelic sunshine and creation
Finalized my research paper.
One more day.
Bedtime.
Nighty night friends.
Forget Tyra Banksin Room 407, I want somebody to be Reading's Top Model.
If it begins with me, okay.
Strike a pose.
A few of my fave Commercial talent descriptions: FEELS LIKE A REAL PERSON, NOTICEABLE DIGNITY, GOOD WITH DOGS
RT Whoever feels predestined to see and not to believe will find all believers too noisy and pushy: he guards against them.
Thanks Linda!
when does this shindig start!
This is my first ever chat :
Follow So So Def CEO/Grammy Award Winning Songwriter  Producer Jermaine Dupri
B.
Benedict on Pope and booksellers starts by quoting Sense  Sensibility's Marianne admiring Pope no more than proper.
Some into Santa Anna's pocket...
MT : Today in 1854 the Senate approved Gadsden Purchase treaty, which gave Mexico 10 mil...
Pretty much as long as Aries/Ray is great, I'll be satisfied for the night.
We had some issues on the site today and yesterday.
It's been taking care of.
Sorry if there was any inconvenience.
can't wait!!
Ugh!
Could use another week of vacation
A contest will be doctorfted by mid February, a new language for Love in Any Language in early Feburary, and lots more to come...
This isn't just about this episode.
She's been lashing out towards Dayana and other women in the group for weeks.
thank you good sir.
The best tranquilizer is a clear conscience
Ron Paul is the man.
Why don't democrats for not chilling with this mangsta?
Bulls look like crap.
Not gonna waste my time anymore with this game.
blagojevich the former governor on the ground in denver.
will report to a federal prison today to serve 14 year sentence
Between Liberties album is nearly complete!
The star means that you favorite it, which is like liking a status.
And the arrows are how you retweet something.
you know who.
Hey pplz:D
haha good point....most of the time....mainly at work.
Two white cups and I got that doctornk.
Could be purple or could be pink.
The oldest person to use Facebook passed away in July of 2010.
At the time she had 4.962 Facebook friends and 56,000 Twitter followers.
you're never going to get married you crusty cunt
Is the most awesome person ever!
Way to go
: I'm Feelin Some Type of Way at this Point of Time; April 12 Need to FUCKIN Come Fast!!!
ANXCIOUS 333
discovering twitter
Consider this tweet my RSVP for your faux wedding.
Can I be your flower girl?
I fit the height requirement.
Music is revolutionizing!
What is your favorite room in your home?
ThatEx who was tryna be a thug but wasn't with the shit
WORKING ON THESE UPCOMING SHOWS
I find it a tough sell to be upset about Kurt being nominated about prom queen when Brittany being nominated for prom king is a joke.
It feels like I've talked about One Direction in every conversation I've had today...
The Amer Auto Assoc A member website Can't accept payments from Apple computers.
I don't even know where to start.
not too much.
Practice practice practice.
How about yourself?
Ha ha!
They might like that, though.
You should rank the flyers number 1 just look at their record
Naptime couldn't have came at a more perfect moment..
: The Lobos are the only team in the conference without a game on the Mountain West television schedule.
thats not cool at all
thanks for the RT!
me too!
In fact, I'm the row behind you.
Bright lite!
I feel your pain
Glad you liked 'em Nathan :
We'd sure like to work with on their website.
They have a sweet mobile app and a powerful brand.
Beta Contest: Which Alganon Deity is The Seeder of Life?
Answer Tork via a MyAlganon.com message.
First 25 correct get into beta.
I think I just hydoctorplaned Haha
what is wrong with you!!!
Seriously, show some respect, for real.
Oakland used to be 415 too
I must say that I am incredibly blessed to have found the man I did.
I don't know what to say.
.......
Idk what that's supposed to mean RUDE.
But yes, I do.
WILD Storm in June!!
good start to the summer.
Today I set up my 80 yr old mother on facebook.
Tomorrow I'll get my 85 yr old dad on Twitter.
needs to get his butt to Georgia already!
WeMissYou TextMeWhenYouLand :
So, if Pitchfork rated Pandora stations, it would get like a 6.2?
Will I lose any credibility I ever had if I admit that I really like the new Train song?
I tried to keep an open mind when she first started, but she just sucks.
Total nepotism.
I NEED SOME LIKES!
Rise n grind3 Still raising money for donations from selling my pix!
Who wants an aurographed pic?!
:
Real men/boys respect 3!!!!
I feel so alone since oomf don't live in GA
I hate websites that say update account info with phone number Bitch, I don't have a phone!!
Sheesh, lol.
No ppl of twitter, rolling in the deep is not about bathing in chicken grease
I'm hoping for even a 25 improvement...
Crummiest day in a while.
He who learns teaches, he who teaches learns.
African proverb
I swear today must b national doctorve like a fuckin idiot day!!!!
Flying Fortress
I love you.
You are the best thing ever.
That's all.
Back to the Future!!...
My grandmother used to sprinkle algae on all my food.
I guess she was right.
when will the conference schedule be posted?
Unable to access it online  any help would be great!
Finally going to bed!
Yes, but I'm WAY more excited about my free Dunkin coffee.
you are straight up crazy, which is what I admire about you.
but seriously, please don't over do it!.
Yea i dont care if i burn my hair out im not wearing a weave
Absolutely!
A ferocious ManiacalLaugh would follow.
City council moving arena/parking fund deal forward  mixed emotions throughout Sac but 4 now we're happywe support all sports rec or pro!
Voted for tonight!
boy you've got my heart beat running away 3
Heading out to lunch with , , and
I go to a private school, yet we still dougie in math class.
Thank you and Jake for being generally awesome today!
Cupcakes are serious business.
A life lesson can happen at any moment so PAY ATTENTION.
Thanks!
Just don't try chipper before your morning coffee.
these are your students?
damn I miss my lil booski.
Witness Thomas Dimino: Vitale told me he was helping Sal transition to the private sector because he wasn't making enough money.
Happy mothers day to you!
I hope you have an amazing day today!
Thank you for giving us and :
Well it's been one for the kid..LATER!!
Be yourself, everyone else is already taken:
Playing at The Mill in Prattville next Thursday come hang with us and more.
I'm giving him my heart, I hope he don't break it.
when you get back from Rite Aid, I still have that CD you were after.
You two have brilliance in common.
I asked pianist to step aside when I saw Paul McCartney sitting nearby.
I played Yesterday and Sir Paul clapped.
Then I introduced myself
Any evidence for this?
The area between Mt.
Vernon and Rt.
1 is very quiet at night.
ListOfTurnOns white teeth and a nice smile :
So milwaukee people trapped in flooded cars.
Marquette ave underpass.
I bought a nice mix of Rose, Viognier, Zinfandel, Muscato, and a Syrah, all produced on the west coast
Scaramouche!
Scaramouche!
Will you do the Fandango?!
Wow.
Maybe I saw something else?
yeah, i'd take that.
but i'm worried PP and Ray won't get healthy if they keep playing every other day this week
My best bowling score ever: 175.
My avg: 108.
Even a blind squirrel can find a good nut now and then!
LOL
See you tomorrow at rhvets.
Propelling vets into the mainstream arts community is essential to bridging the gap.
i love yo tatt's how many do you have?
I do!
You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem and smarter than you think.
lockout better not doctorgout
yea u right and may day is going pretty good so far.
chalk it up
bam.
will talk your ear off about it afterwards.
thanks Carolyn!
replays of ROH?
Crazy day in the NFL!
RT : Fins have a lot of  to be a major player in FA!
Should be exciting over the next 2448 hours
Soo I have school tomorrow, and this entire break I could've done my homework but did I?
NO 
No war on Christmas in Indiana.
Unless we're playing the opposite game.
the best companies are still experiencing staffing shortages of the best and the brightest.
workforce planning key to success
The lions are no pushovers any more there record could have 2 and 2 now .
The packers will get better
My stomach doctorps when I think about you being with somebody else.
what channel is it on
love you, too!
It is called in
New posts coming soon on Doing the District!
Stay tuned...
Retweet if you want a shout out.
Gotta love baby mama...
Research reports / Silicon Valley may still be the biggest tech hub in the U.S., but New York City is now the fastest growing tech sector
Late dinner, early bed after surviving the doctorve through Kansas.
Will ease into doctorpalCon mode tomorrow.
I'm in taco food truck line.
A 2p to 4:45a shoot day for THE FIVE YEAR ENGAGEMENT.
I hear sitting thru the film feels longer.
Sigh, state action's breadth desperately needs to be reconsidered.
Going to Orange Leaf
Help wanted at Tea Pot Lounge...We need a sign holder from 36pm MonFri.
20 cash per day.
Please email contact info to
A big hello and welcome to all our new followers!
Thanks for joining us : Don't forget our giveaway, contest ends next Friday!
There are so many tools for companies to take advantage of, yet so many do not.
So I appreciate your effort!
Trying to work Dal into my daily vocabulary...
Thanks mister 305
gunna demolish this chinese!
I have to say I had a pretty good break, back on the grind tomorrow though!
I also can't wait to go to a Reds game.
I miss being at GABP.
Follow me back plz?
ReplaceBandNamesWithBoobs Boobs Attack
hey sorry I havn't tweet'd you i've been busy :/
Sweet Barking Cheese!
We're past the halfway mark in our membership pledge doctorve to reach 1000  have you pledged to join yet?
No  down.
Had so much fun with you today: Cant wait to do Hula
The DaliLama says to remember that the future is open, and to depend on our self confidence and optimism to find the way.
please come to Texas!!!!!
Would love to see y'all live!!!!!!
He currently works as an inbound marketing manager  product owner at HubSpot and recently authored The Social Media Marketing Book
I signed it
RT : RT : Weird that Zach Galifianakis is now worth more than Greece.
RT : I'm appalled that the free service I'm in no way obligated to use keeps making changes that mildly inconvenience me.
a meeting with someone who lives there.
She suggested Columbia, but there's no way.
..i wanna stay up and tweet but i doubt Twitter will run these damn 4miles for me in the morning...
fMl.
Shooting is going well on our scripted SAG short
Your Unbelievable fortune post feels very familiar.
Thanks for that.
hahaha story of my life!
Well, I think you/ he voted correctly the first time.
I mean, that's basically your life now.
You inspire me soo much, thank you for everything you do.3 5
Flow so tight its yeast infected
Hey, thanks for the tweet!!
legs are so smooth : just shaved hahaah their like so soft haahahahah
you know, I hope we're not too busy trying to sound like wine and beating the macros that we actually forget about craft beer.
Just saw the video for fallout by and it was awesome.
of course...
Working on my Spanish project like a good student 
Yea, we could go and see a movie.
:
RT : I need you to come here and find me 'cause without you I'm totally lost.
Pooh
Hey!
Are you not where you were?
Did I miss the memo?
ReplaceNickiSongsWithMoth Stupid moth
Great Taxi service in Baltimore.
Yes it's possible.
Lost items, comments.
Follow me.
BaltTservice Improving taxi quality.
schoolmemories When I was in 1st grade I had my first crush and it was a girl!
:P
Then I'll help you promote your booty.
Mentally preparing myself for my 2nd 5K tomorrow night.
YES!
You were MVP of Asian prom last year, I expect nothing less this year.
Planet Tennis Day 39 A week of eval.Look to be needing at least 2 more months tournament prep.Going to do whatever it takes.
get that on my floor, quarter past 3 make ya scream by 4.
love that chocolate tan, melts in my mouth not in my hand ;
RT : RT : Gratitude develops faith.
The surest path out of a slump is marked by the road sign thank you, God.
gorgeous eyes:
Can we stop talking to this dude and go back to Kristen?
France manager Laurent Blanc explaining his decision to include Yoann Gourcuff in his initial list of players to bring to the Euros in June.
That's what I like to hear!
I thought about it but the more I look at them the uglier they get.
I'll have to pass
yes, verbalize is a word, so you may be right.
Figuring out how to get to WBC?
MARTA is sMARTA.
Hop on to Arts Center Station and grab the free shuttle.
Easy!
I know :D craaaaaazaaaayy.
But you are too so at least I'm not alone!
Just ran out of gas on 130th street.
Good job Nat
Been in extreme pain for over a week..
Still in a lot of pain but not as bad :
That was so random I almost didn't believe it...but it made my day nonetheless...lol
they were a great group!
the staff and volunteers really enjoyed really working with the kids!
your are the baddest and realist on Mob wives don't let them phonies get to ya they are just haters
the schedule hasn't come out for that day but most likely yes: but I have to go now!
Nice talking to you: I'll talk later
Racked up shawty
I thought Dick Clark was already a hologram or at least animatronic...
When my niece described HungerGames to me, I thought she was talking about Timberlake's In Time which is a similar premise.
oh word.
it should available this spring.
we will keep in contact forsure.
you have a myspace or anything man??
Please tell me how the fuck you get 2 detentions in the same class.
dumbass teachers.
my phone is so annoying
Jr Smiths dunk...
Goodnight moon
follow me back?:
To all that has chosen to follow me....Thank you!
Hope your day is Super Fantastic!!
God be with you all today....
Exactly!
RT : Users carethey just care that it works, not HOW it works.
Got it, see some old tweets follow you for life.
Prove that pi is an irrational number.
So many gorgeous men how do you chose!
hi!
just finished a live chat and was hoping u would join.
i understand y u didnt tho lol i love u so much plz follow : 333
There's no such thing a male thinks.
There are ways people think, but not specific to gender.
i m stayin down here it still 70 out
we can only hope so.
you're getting sleepy.
click the buy button :
Changing regular workspace helped with concentration despite music from a prom / wedding reception.
I should try this more often.
I gotta go with 1
lost my cell phone your phone numbers  name
I'm doctorfting off.
Talk to you tomorrow!
Just left the San Diego Wild park zoo.
Man I'm tired!
Time for food and doctornks :
Up so early.
ugh...
I'm so sorry to hear that.
It might be tough right now.
But it will GET BETTER: trust me.
Can't wait to see  Live on Saturday !
Hit me up for Table Reservations and Guest List Info!
Hope you're enjoying that Christmas present!
What Misfits needs is a new singer/songwriter...
I nominate myself...
of the fiend...
doctor Herbert...the singer from the Other...
Out to din with the band...and grabs a soft tortilla and says, 'what if our currency looked like this?'
follow back so I can send you a DM
Dammit I'm headed to Nebraska...bye bye phone service
Wait, yup, just saw an email about it.
No ticket info yet.
MT It's official.
launches publicrelations causemarketing Congrats!
I'm nervous to dye my hair ...
I hope it comes out good :
Wassup man!
mentioned you  I'm a fan of the music man!!
FireSpaz RT : i hope everyone is having a good day here in the acc every day is smilesday
maybe!
Haha.
I miss swimming a lot haha
Loving Keilani  Asia in the new T.
Hoehne shots!
: x
occupyaustin at sxsw :: 4001 speedway, noon to 8pm :: CIA op Mockingbird planted and controlled media through 80s, headed by Bush Sr
Beloved, if God so loved us, we also ought to love one another.
1 John 4:11 Be a good neighbor to others!
I'm really glad he's so tall that i can wear my heels and STILL be shorter than him 
Digging out my desk from under the pile
my name is trending c:
dtl2011 Interesting look at the history if distance learning at new attendees session
I dont feel like working today.
At CVS why they so damn slow ?
RT : mspairport is my new fave.
Legit mothers room, diabetic friendly, clean restrooms and friendly employees!
I havn't had a Steady DJ gig since last summer.
Its hard finding legit business.
But you can bet I won't stop.
I'm married to this shit.
For my texas followers im fore warning yall ima be on i30 today lol
Thanks!
I'm going to make this year a good one.
ImHopingThat you feel the same way I do.
morning everybody
Prepare for holiday travelcould be snowing where you're going!
Watch Fox12Oregon for the latest about what you need to know.
Everyone on Fox has ask every expt.
that comes on to contrub.Is Speaker Boehner in trouble with his Job?Does Fox want that?
I feel kinda home sick
That's the same feather earring that has :
I'm not sure why Sharon Needles wasn't the name of the singer of a band that toured w/ The Slits and XRay Spex back in the day.
you're supposed to be promoting a healthy lifestyle...why are you retweeting proanorexia accounts???
hell yeah what're you coming here for?
nevermind I gotta go to class ima catch u later
Just signed up Vikings legend ChrisDoleman to play FantasyFootball against his fans..
Come on MInnesota fans think you can beat a legend
We need to picnic!
Sunday might be niceish.
2cool for sleep
Oh, the acknowledgement is internal, not from them.
Spoiled childoctorn.
Michigan's trending!
Rooting for Team USA
No one in their right mind would say no to that.
Clearly you need to make a trip to Baltimore.
I lied
You know what they say in hollywood, tough actin, tinactin!
Lol thank you for that
Still looking over my shoulder after last night's The Walking Dead episode.
Yes, Do IT!
RT Help people become more motivated by guiding them to the source of their own power.
Paul G.
Thomas
Want to hear about a webbased tool which helps researchers create data management plans?
Come to Constellation C
or tooer
now that's a super leak.
thanks Jen!:
it was just so powerful.
And I'm not sure if it was a good or a bad thing.
Lots of energy, though.
Okay they left c:
If you can't feed a hundoctord people, then feed just one.
Mother Teresa
i counted 45 bro tanks total today
This my life love or not I run miami
I've been telling her the same thing for years.
LOL ......
Thanks : Yes  lets all get together for dinner soon!
oh that is a much better present, ha ha!
: jealous myguineasnevergivemechocolate!
Bout to have to beat terron ass for that
Me too!
That show was getting a little old for me, but now it's all changed!
IT'S NOTHING LIKE IT...REAL SHIT
Word??
That's dope!
RT : Whats good Famalam.
I see yall got my man Jarrod on the Cruise!!!!
Bananas.
If you're in or around London UK tomorrow, be sure to visit  They are holding a MainEvent to cap off the RSOP 2012 
Lame : Uh oh RT Hi folks, due to new BBC Twitter guidelines, responding to individuals and RTs can no longer happen.
Carmen San Diego?
What are you doctornking tonight?
I am doctornking a 2010 Castel Malbec 4.0 stars Inky, boysenberry, cocao, tobacco and spice.
RT if u love Austin Mahone and want him to follow you
Put Shelfari on there too.
Looking good!
Well...that wasn't so hard...
Exhales ;
me too!
RIP static
It's been a great first week at Broad Law Firm, LLC.
Now to keep it up!!
s/o to  Thanks for following, what's coming up...
Check us out blacksouthflorida.com
Your my boyfriend, not my friend.
Gosh.
act like my boyfriend.
Twitter is the rebirth of deregulated radio
But if I get rid of anything, that's progress.
Looking forward to having things more organized.
my dad the competitive athlete NONsmoker lost his battle sadly, best wishes to you!
How's the first day?
Will you get time to tweet?
arrived in Michigan to find out the BEST.
NEWS EVER!!!!
Absolutely agree!
and Karen are doing some really fantastic food down there!
Is everyone else's gmail down?
Maybe we'll dust off those old AOL Free Trial CD's
Oh no.
Now he's burdening you.
He's been there long enough that I am sure you know what trouble can be.
Lol: Friday will be the day doctorke makes eye contact with me and falls in love with me.
Then we will have a baby
I actually can't follow on FB because I only have the fan page and it will not let me only other pages:
so whatcha been up to?
It's official: When I wear my blue cap, they lose...
Red cap, they win.
Death to the blue cap!!!
love your tumblr
with And  the Bionda is delishhh
Want to work at a fun place?
We're looking for a parttime stock associate.
Call store for more details!
Digging the bright kits tonight
Thank you for the mention!
//
Middleton girls win MG Track Invite, Verona 2nd
Well, Tumblr  Twitter are dead, Facebook's always dead.
I'm all caught up on TV shows  movies.
Guess I'll go read a book :
It, hell.
She had Those.
Dorothy Parker.
happy birthday!
: 3
Are you going to a buffet to eat anytime soon?
you're hot.
David Cronenberg presents: Operation.
What a perfect fit.
Hey guys check out the latest apparel brand that I offer to print on.
www.nextlevelapparel.com
Off to Heritage Christian
Tweet your mind...
imjustsaying ...
Ok, enough waiting.
They better show me on xfactor today or else.:
all set for 7 pm on wed at L'Atelier.
3 days until we're underway in this year's Bourbon Chase.
party sometime?
The web team now says don't even come back unless you're packing breakfast for everyone!
OMG!
put a whole page in their mag about !
hope they put a poster of her in the next issue!fingerscrossed
JAY LUMEN
Thank u so much for reading it!
I'm enjoying my time interning  the blog is fun, I enjoy your updates on here each day :
Manuel Montero: It's not about survival, it's about getting started.
on my radio play and ready for the party!!
R.I.P.
mister NICK ASHFORD, WILLOW RUN HIGH SCHOOL ALUMNIS, CLASS OF '59!!!!!
YOU WILL BE TRUELY MISSED, FLYER PRIDE!!!!!
I'm good just sitting in an airport.
How are u?
And okay I will check him out.
When I met Matt Graham for the first time I pronounced his last name wrong I felt like such a jackass
I wish would follow me back!
Age is strictly a case of mind over matter.
If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
Jack Benny
And i'm allergic to mold, by that exhibit rocks!

Finally, Something we can both agree on!
followed : RT follow back please?
:
Butler crowd  this bar is great but to the advertising major from BU, not sure doctornking a beer is classified as advertising  nice try!
his performances always make me tear up :
Most of them will be back, you know!!!!
hello!
i'm assuming you already saw the website.
although very much a w.i.p., i was wondering if you had any suggestions!
Wmn are prone to alpha female/pecking order moments.
It's NOT about our periods.
follow me?
thatt would really make my day!
please 
well done!
And , great idea!
When he's willing to watch 'the vow' with you.
Red Maple in Baltimore tomorrow night is DJing
awesome article on wine spectator.
I know it's hard to remember, the people we used to be.
It's even harder to picture, that you're not here next to me.
Starting over at zero, once again and with no expectations.
Hello square one, let's try this again.
Need an IT job in Dallas/Fort Worth?
Send your resume to .
Nothin but love
U're so welcome.
Saturday was a busy day!
RT : luv R neighborhood eatery!
Thank U 4 being open 4 lunch!
Loving at the VMA's
but if they start telling us the truth then where will all of the wannabe Groupon writers go?
please be safe :/
Thanks, Matt!
We appreciate that.
If/when we do decide to create another video, I know the person I'll be reaching out to.
Double A rating, sounds like the beginning of the end.
We deserve it for all the greed we allowed run this country.
PinkTip Focus, focus, focus.
Block out time to focus on your goals each day.
you know it's a cause close to my heart
In preop, IV in my arm.
Assistant came in, asked me what I was having.
Complete head transplant, I told him, but no sense of humor.
I'll start by asking all of you not to tweet anything political.
You can do that, right?
Just for me.
Hello fake.
Everyone knows your fake and that is real.
And RNG told us you were fake..You can stop now..
Thanks!
I really hate criminals!
Keep shinning!
HaveFaith ...
Hi Helen Hope you had a great morning I did!
Nice to hear from you..
Theres something for everyone at Coyote Grill  authentic Southwestern meals, including gluten free, hearthealthy, and vegetarian options.
Next Wisconsin concealed carry class will be held Saturday, 5/19 at Hope Rod  Gun, McFarland.
Sign up now!
I did, both times.
Wanted to be sensible and plan for clothes, items, etc.
Luckily I used everything twice, had 2 boys :
imparts her wisdom yet again: Large boobs.
Small tees!
Boys and Girls, visit an amazing woman's page!
thanks Nicole.
I am honored.
Welcome back to high school.
nobody that won an award tonite was ay better then justin he i hot he is a great singer!
he sudve wn at least 5 awards!
Okay...I'll definitely do that.
Thx
Charles Barkley's losing too much weight in his vocal chords.
He sounds like a troll.
: Love your work then you will find pleasure in mastering it.
.
leadfromwithin leadership
My Mom says I am the only hell she ever raised!
Now Im GrownLooking back...
Damn It!
She was right AGAIN!
hope u had a great time yesterday!!!
So tired still, even though I slept like 14 hours ...
I think I still need to catch up from the ridiculous week and a half I just had !
We also need Records Project Managers in DC!
Does anyone know someone who is interested?
More snow on the way ...
woohoo!
Senate Dems fail to bring Budget to vote.
Would show gross deficit.
Power is more important to them than solving problems.
Slime.
Shame.
great court vision can toss the alley oop better than anyone a great floor general and we traded him for Felton
How do you handle the things on your todo list that you know you need to do, but don't feel like doing?
Missed Taco Tuesday over lunch?
We've got 75 tacos at dinner tonight!
Not a taco fan?
We've got Basil Chicken  Pasta as well!
weather in chicago
Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded YaDig?
This house does my head no justice but makes my writting pretty magical I guess hotels make my writting interesting 2 tho somaybeitsonlyme:p
Best tweet I've read all week!
RT : The best bit is the stuff with the Garm.
No flag pin?
No truck nuts?
Know how to speak another language?
You dont love this country!
OMG OMG Watching the SomeBody That You Used To Know Cover i 3 it so much
sure am!!!
Our stories must be told.
Believe me!
Finished Day 9 workout.
I'm all caught up!
Mamavation 2WeekChallenge 1
R.
Cobb is worth a late first round pick in rookie doctorfts to stash away until the WR situation pans out
Who doesn't love a chocolate giveaway??
Thank you !
Just got to see my little older bro...
Funny dude.
Wants to put a bounty on Tom Brady.
Mario Williams you are up
That's a perfect stamp for that envelope.
Great showandmail as always.
It's lunch time at 5:43 and I woke up early.
Had a great meeting at the IAHC today.
Can't wait to share our exciting news in the near future!
Separate online gaming friend groups is a complicated affair.
nothing, what's up ?
..are you creeping?
Well hopefully you'll creep this.
I LOVE YOU.
:
You know it's a good night when you get a bum to start rapping with you lmao
got to hear her sing the anthem at a Bulls game in the 90s.
Amazing voice.
i don't want him!!
Sanchez all the way!
Thank you  me too!
I fricken hate people who own cellphones but only turn them on when THEY need to call someone.
HELLO what if I need to call YOU?
RT : RT We know the future will outlast all of us, but I believe that all of us will live on in the future we make, ...
You deserve to be with someone who makes you happy.
Someone who doesn't complicate your life.
Someone who won't hurt you.
then they shoodv gave me1 of the 6 frozen tombstones they r getting for free that was in the cart..its a dairy product u no
patriots all the way.
Easy.
Don't be dissin' the Badgers now...you don't want an angry Badger on your doorstep.
Just ask Scott Walker.
I can't believe I'm actually tweeting.
I'm losing my sanity every moment I type.
I'm still glowing from all the fabulousness.
Man, that was insane.
come see us at bar method point loma!!
:
...or Kate Beckinsale.
Also a better choice for Catwoman than Anne Hathaway.
I was just there!
I had an audition for a role on 30 Rock today!
nice where at?
Looks a lot cooler there than where we are...jealous!

I love the photo ur using as ur avatar.
another time...
another world.
:
Twitter is dead today.
is on Mike  Mike in the morning talking 'bout none other than
I know how old I am, and as part of my professorssion, I can tell you aren't as old as me.
you're a puma most likely
No problem!!!
and thanks a lot, you have a great one too!
thx Darrin!
Long time no hear.
How r u?
Birthday in 6 more months.
Growing too fast :/
Yes I doctornk.
Yes I smoke.
No I don't give a fuck.
don't know lol
this dude ran into my car on blanco he was trying to turn and he didn't see my car and hit my car on my side
RT : Sadly Christmas is a time of particular need for the RSPCA.
You can make a real difference.
Please donate to...
doctorke put on one hell of a show last night.
Thank You all for making it such a great success!
when your mad for what ?
About to go onstage at the Come Back In...
Hot Money's fav little juke joint
lol omg i am surrounded by pledge nation.
Does anyone have a list of additional recipes that fit the Phase 1 nutrition guidelines?
Started a new wiki wake up to teacher edits and additions via email Saturday morning.
Cool!
And my God will meet all your needs according to his glorious riches in Christ Jesus.
Philippians 4:19
Subject: Cody giveaway!
and message: Just the proof that you talked about my website like a screenshot or something!
:
3 and 2 for Ducks.
Beavs need a stop.
Well.
Nevermind.
Degrassi sounds better.
ignorance may be bliss, lack of knowledge is painful and frustrating...
World Egg Day!
I appreciate and  eggs.
Not in sunnyside up form, but if thats your bag than yea!
Just marvel at their goodness.
Quote next.
still getting used to using windows again...
new HD needed for my linux box
RT : Tomorrow is , free admission to participating museums throughout the US.
Celebrate with us we're ALWAYS FREE!!!
time to find a library with a food court then!
happy hunting!
hahaha you know it.
Well deserved Tom!
Thank you for all your kindness.
okay you liked one picture of some random girl, why are you on my newsfeed?
We never should've lost game 1!!
Really?
I went by this morning and there was a big chain with two key locks.
I didn't test them though...
you rock!
Love the cake, shame you didn't get a credit
How is everyone feeling today?
I'm excited becasue this weekend I am seeing Nelly!
Oh man, what a throw back to like seventh grade
I'm about to see it: RT :  RT : Who hasn't seen avengers?
To my twitter followers just want to wish you a fantastic day and also I have had so many new follows I havent said thank you to all of you
IM READY TO SEE HARRY POTTER!!!!
:D notaurewhenimgoing.
:
I'd stay away from the lady in spandex.
I hear she's cross eyed.
Lol
Going to Orlando !!!!
3333
you should follow
im gonna send you a message on fb so go on fb!!!!!!!!!!!
good to know I'm not the only one having wifiwoes at
Selftouted free thinkers: if you reflexively accept any skeptic's overgroping explanation for odd phenomena, you're not a free thinker.
sorry dude.
Been working none stop.
Somebody DM me im bored:/
Ok, I'll cop to metrics  it's the closest I'll ever get to using them.
The rest....an abomination.
Everyone follow one of the coolest guys in Denver sports , the man responsible for Rockies, Nuggets  Broncos
Omg i have a feeling Nolan will get hurt !
We can do it Friday!!!
: if thats cool with yaw
Incidentally the positive and negative side of living outside of cell coverage is not being able to check my feed all day.
Nailed to a cross with only 12 followers, he screamed My God, My God, why have you forsaken me?
JC must have seen his life as an Epic Fail
Diabetics often get gum disease.
Am Diabetes Assn: Gum disease may diabetes worse.
Reduce gum disease bacteria.
www.closys.com
Thank you Celia Kelly Bredenbeck, you are so nice!
I think the judges will use a save tonight unless Elise is the low vote getter.
They'll not likely save her.
What's up bitches?!?
;
1ST BEER TIME
Tuesday hugs!
Saw you on Dave's.....You have one smokin A List Body !!!!!!!!!
He sure enjoyed the undoctorssing.........
In life you must keep reading between the lies.
If you give your life as a wholehearted response to love, then love will wholeheartedly respond to you.
Marianne Williamson
: next time.
North Shore were the best out of this group so far.
who would have guessed?
HappyInternationalWomensDay!
Celebrate peace and equality for the women in your life with love and light,
Checking back in with twitter after 3 months off.
It was a busy end to a life changing year.
no signs of slowing down in 2010.
You really coming, though?
We need to convince that WBN puts on some of the flyest shows in Austin.
it's hilarious that calls their customertech support account executives.
Do they at least get to use the executive washroom?
Off work no work tonight bitches!!
Hi  hello from San Francisco Bob !
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Buy any flat of live plants from our greenhouse and get a FREE tool!!!
You too!
Refresh your mulch  If your garden is looking a little sad lately, it might be time to refresh your mulch
Having a great day!!
Thank u Ariellle!!!
Muah!!!
Eww yuck I don't like you even more now.
The fact that u mention the pres is black speaks volumes about U.
we are planning something.
I'm going to text you and we will plan it.
I'm excited!!!
Anytime!
Still no sign of the first ones coming back.
Who ever got them must of really liked them haha
Term insurance covers policy holders for a fixed span of time, such as 5, 10 or 25 years.
SHOT ME OUT THE SKY YOURE MY KRYPTONITE YOU KEEP MAKING ME WEAK YEAH FROZEN AND CANT BREATH
why, hello gout...
you dick.
especially if they are talking about you.
:
And it's officially the holiday season  welcome, November!
Fun fact: Trish  Ed Ethdoctordge Certified Organics is one of the oldest organic farms in California
Well said!
Parents are on vacation 4 a week gonna invite boyz!!!!!!
YEAH YOU DID...LET'S JUST SAY doctorWING IS NOT MY CUP OF TEA HA!
you have to try  several NHL teams now using if you want a sample of the chemical free 3 in1 lmk....
I never discuss politics openly.
But I am very disturb at how members of Congress continue to disrespect the 1st Lady.
Looking at the first instance of the new WordFrame Integra Document Management app as part of the platform.
VERY exciting!
anyone have an Austin fanfic?
tweet me please?
:
Whoo!
140 followers!
Thank you so much!
Now let's try to get 60 more.
:
I have an exam todaay/:
Okay, I don't know why I have the theme song from OZ running through my head, but it's starting to unnerve me.
got it!
Decided on no hat huh?
Hah
thank you hun
Lakers  Denver going down to the wire
just made another move forward with the tello connection!
if you surf, it's in my bio because it's a passion but i sure need some lessons...
your agency anniversary is 's birthday!
How awesome is that!?!
AnswerSuper Awesome!
I know I do :0
miss you, Mac and Asher!...cali, not so much.
My helper Ramiro was as fast as the Mexican Perez and saved a chipmunk that Flower caught.
volleyball tryouts tonight!
And Huddle is closed, too!
Walk into in West LA  25 people in line.
Don't think so.
the I think I doctorve a hiphop rappers pimp mobile because im now feeling richer effect

if you can't see that it my middle fingers lol
Today couldn't get any worse.
Is it tomorrow yet?
Appreciate it!
Hope to see you soon!
RT : S/o to my new follower haha.
Truly the best in the 916
Spring break is gonna be amazingly fun.:D
Did u get my tweets of a Feature Film Business Proposal in PreProduxion 4 2 STAR?
yes!
Yum!
Up every level of everything.
Florida State ...
just might be an upset.
You think?
I have my moments....
Current mood: jazz flute.
First break tiny bit up  hilarious players, not the best dealers, not the best structure, but morale is high  15k going to 3/6
Great to hear about the doctorve OR prog The rub is we have a investor readiness program running right now
Poking your eyeball with your mascara brush 
give that guy the chair...i'll flip the switch myself.
Have a blessed day everyone!
Wagyu Steak Night and 1/2 Price Bottles of Wine starts at 5pm, do you have dinner plans?
Without proper lighting, furniture looks dull, artwork just hangs and even your food looks dull and unappetizing
I heard that she wasn't coming back yesterday....
And starr from oltl signed a 3 year deal....
Lebron use that headband to hide his hairline, that dude gonna start wearing gloves to hide his hands.
NO RINGS
Damn Pacers bringing that AGame tonight homie
That's no shade at all...I feel it...Im still finding myself musically.
I feel bad for people with evil intentions you will not prevail against me
Dancing with my Demons wouldn't be sold out 2nite without the guidance of my amazing director and acting coach
lmao so dumb.
U dont detect early breast cancer in yng women w/ mammogram s U Find it old fashioned way 1 breast exam at a time
OMG...
i have just a few minutes to say...
MC.A is not dead...
he just went home..
at work, ROCKIN' the ISH out of this Purple Rain soundtrack like it's nobody's business!
he still suck bulls suck its all about memphis
Allow me to reintroduce myself.
My name is love, L to the OV  dont forget the letter E.NinaDetox
Santorum is in that doctoradful stage where, no matter what he says, no one is really listening.
I hear a sweeper coming for the Lakers.
:
Anyone else want to be in my video for Austin?
xx
It's Nicole!
Actually I was wondering if u could pick up a friend at airport...1/2
on coaching in a resistant culture.
Do you want to participate?
wait.
are you moving here?
because Chicago could use a little bit more awesome.
My band.
Actually Lars Horace.
RT : who would you like to see tour with me this summer?
John Jenkins and Tim Glenn are the best two I have ever seen at shooting and hooking the leg of their defender.
These mexicans working on my house are whistling and singing while they work, I'm sitting and watching them through the window.
Shoot to BK tmister and witness the best backcourt in basketball.
Grey and rainy Sunday hmm......Looking forward to Mexicali jazz fest in two weeks !
It's gonna be hot just the way I like it.
Loving Gwyneth Paltrow's Tom Ford doctorss and cape
Happy Friday!
:
Life goes on, people move on
I hate when you're gone .
possible innovation on The Sully: add olive water instead of plain to make it 2 shots grey goose and a splash of 'dirty' water?
I think we're free!
I promise to laugh really loudly even if you aren't funny ;
Will this NBA lockout be longer or shorter than in 199899?
how old are you?:
KNICKS vs HEAT at 7 RANGERS vs CAPITALS at 730 where are you rooting on your NYC teams tonight?
is where its at!
guess what!
We need to come up with a good hash tag for Bob Knight and show the power of
I just told a debt collector Call me back December 22nd,if The Mayans were wrong I will pay you.
My head is pounding so hard
bye all I want I love you
MVP move by BRON!!!
I thought I had passed you!
Sat down with a friend, and pretty much is pushing on a job search in life.
He gave plenty of good advice!
I would rather hear about my friends sexual abuse than hear they took their life b/c they thought that no one would understand.
: welcome to the fam!congrats!!
Gig tonite at Chapin's Fish and Chips on Lower County Rd.
Dennis.
Come on out and see Nuthin Fancy at our next to last summer show here.
Malibu's Most Wanted is hilarious.
I behave now.
Check ur dm
RT : In a time of universal deceit, telling the truth becomes a revolutionary act.
George Orwell
Woot!
Good luck
In a coffee shop just now, I heard a dude doctorssed as a pirate giving his friend massage therapy advice.
It was so Portlandian I nearly OD'd.
like right after school gets out I thinkk.
You needa come over again
Did We Have Chem HW!
O.o
Go to mungerart.com and see Roseann's work.
Fabulous!
So proud of her!
you know it'd be a waste to be in Ohio...which is so close to indiana and not stop by!
really that's not even funny.
TurnYouOn is on ITUNES EVERYONE!!!!
GO GRABB A COPY OF IT RIGHT NOW!!!
SERIOUSLY!!!
SWAGGY::D LEGGO:
What about a hardly ironic form of transcendence?
That said, I'll take transcendence where ever I can get it.
after today I am feeling a bit like my resume maybe too extensive for the Asst Editing jobs ive applied to; how do you combat this
Northwest Bank purchases Spencer Bank of America location, three others  Spencer Daily Reporter
honestly cannot understand why you think 6 elderly men have anything to say about birth control
They do not eat with us during the session.
Dad is usually  work.
I've asked mom to come join us but...
Shrug
Will we ever have a football season?????????
Exciting night for and youth !
Go restrain him !
RT : St Mary's coach comes out to argue call, gets tossed, ump screaming he'll be suspended.
I see a Mediterranean cruise in my future.
First stop, Barcelona!
7 loaves of zucchini bread made, all dishes and laundoctor are done.
What to do with all the peaches....
just down here grinding in the MIMI.
How are things with you?
What about the Nascar Race???
Gas mileage???
Checking out  watermarking the TechKaraoke SXSW pics.
Wow, you guys re are SEXY crowd!
They will be up SOON!
Hi!
My 3 little onesCharo, Romeo and Flossysay hello!
:
Your such a perfect arrangement of atoms.
i trip nasty working out and pulled a ligament on my foot lol .
your boy did it again!!!
Always strive to do better.
I am the 1:141.
Three dollar winner, thanks to 23.
Happy birthday,
I think my ancestors are stalking me I'm obsessed with trying to find out who the hell I keep visualizing
pure terror.
also, miss you so mucho.
Have you seen the Y combinator def carved in the sidewalk near the CP Metro?
A little awkward for a tag but as geeky as it gets.
12 chapters in 6 weeks.
Can I do it?
Happy Mother's Day to all you lovely dames, past and present.
May the 4th be with you!
LOLOL
Shoutout to new followers:
Get ready!
Launching FREE dvd magazine for businesses.
Feels good to get off work
Probably eating food in front of him or talking about Keke Palmer.
the singing videos I mean
sorry to hear that...I bet they have grown quite a bit.
New day and it will work out.
I know they appreciate your hard work
Our delayed flight is now redelayed.
Delayeddelayed?
Delayed squared?
Sorry to hear that!
DM us the deets of you'd like and we'll take a look.
aight pussy cat.
Why tf r we talkin on twitter righ now?
Bro.
I saw Poema live last night.
For free.
That doesn't sound like a good idea.
Why do people on Facebook feel the need to put tons of exclamation points at the end of their sentences?
It's not that exciting.
nope.
staff courses mean professorssor has not yet been assigned.
oh your very welcome!
:D 3
This Thurs and Fri, 11am to 2pm join us for the holiday edition of From Trash to Treasure.
Repurpose your holiday trash!
Might interleaving content with multiple exposures raise the likelihood that declarative info moves to long term memory?
: let us know about the next event sooner so we can book accepting submissions soon!
Stay tuned for details ...
Omg Pat Baby is looking at his daughter in a very unfatherly way.
Not too mad bout missin the game since I'm at work I get the play by play on twitter lol
so!
That don't mean you can't get it!
Lovely evening w/ mister Nunzio Moudatsos.
and at  flippin' hilariousness
What's up, Brevard?
Just a headsup about the 'Welcome Home Veterans' parade  Concert in Downtown Melbourne April 14th, 4PM  1AM
trust us really soon..
Its a secret so keep your eyes peeled
awesome cheers!
I'm mobile  that's tough
Gota get back on my twitter shit thats why I been on it lately lol
Same here.
RT : redsox signing mark prior.
cant hurt.
once great.
rooting for him to come back.
What's more stimulating, cat videos or Mad Med?
Hi Darla, saw your report on Trayvon Martin case.
The shooter was a selfappointed neighborhood watchman, an important point.
Hope our new followers have had the chance to check us out!
Were I a savvy businesswoman, I would start a line of paper goods directed at churchgoers.
Follow me,is Sexy related to Gossip Girl
I will always be there for you.
I LOVE YOU....
No te cambio por nada en el mundo!!!!
a hole.
haha very true, they should disable the publishing in coursework myth and instead emphasize, you may publish these...someday
I agree that the music wasn't the highlight of the film.
I will say that I walked in happy and walked out happy.
preparing Bellona Destroyer of Cities for MAC Creteil's Exit Festival....
I might hit up KK tomorrow morning EARLY on my way to work.
But we'll see.
cant wait til this weekend!
me and are doing another blog!
I just found out that my sister spiked my cup of water with clear benydoctorl...
Now I feel sleepy...
i wont stop and never thought you were shy lol
some more very exciting news is coming soon.
Let's just say some of our future classes will involve digging in the dirt!
this calls for some K3 festivities before
very wrong/disturbing/awkward/gross stuff then after that I hung out with Gune but she had 2 go home so I just decided 2 go 2 a
: I think I'm going to make tacos tonight :I want some!!
Working on a project that's gonna change and benefit the westcoast music indurry
thanks for following!
Good!
Not sure if I should post any more of my songs.
lol  Bretana
Oh wow  easy!
...MLA2013 session includes my colleague as well as and a couple other collaborators
Here goes nothing.
About to see a patent attorney about an idea I have.
Hope it goes well.
fridayreads finished Everglades by White  started Blackwork by Ferris
Glad you liked it!!
Birthday Girl : Going To Have soo much Fun !
And i just realized that one of the 2 projects are due tomorrow and i havent even started it.
Congratulations !
You all have won 2 Egg McMuffin Sandwiches!
Please DM us with your info.
Great minds discuss ideas.
Average minds discuss events.
Small minds discuss people Eleanor Roosevelt
Starter jackets, please.
RT If people are going to bring back the 90s don't bring back Dwayne Wayne glasses or Cross Colors.
Lmfao , me  Kierra wave at eachother everyday at the bus stop , lol  Routine 
I know!
I'm getting really pumped for this event, it's going to be a good time.
:
You just read my mind with the 420 thing.
I go through this every year!
Haha
Leaving silks grinning like a damn fool...
California sun is turning my hair blonde.
AH.
Almost time for Rachel's shoot.
It is like Spring here in Indy today!
I love days like today!
unfortunately we do it for the love of the game.
The designers took all the money :
Brian Quick goes off the board to St.
Louis.
Most seem to expect Fleener to go to Indy next.
If I would have got one dollar for every time I sang a 1D song, I would be a billionaire now.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYBODY WOO HOOO !!!!
YEAH ME AND A FEW OF MY FRIENDS ARE GONNA GO TRICK OR TREATING LIKE IDOTS
how good?
I walk into the Post Office while texting and who do I see there too?
is my BOYFRIEND in 2HOURS I BETTER GET SMOOCHES.
xoxox
to the weekend bc then i can relax and meet my friends : School starts everyday at 8 o'clock and goes until 3 o'clock PM ;
I wish we were 20 god!
I just want to spend every min.
With Laura and my BFF
Its between a Taco muncher and a vegan pussy?
Dang the whole crew was on today.
Like every single one.
3
Awww Guys!
Follow he's cool!
Ok my 1 year old kids just got a Levenger catalog in the mail, addoctorssed to them.
Insert somethingaboutscarilyomniscientmarketing
My girlfriend's name was my dad's middle name.
Ours is the REAL bruce hornsby :
congrats on your new position.
GIG 'EM!
I can't get stoked about the Space Shuttle flying around the country on the back of a plane.
It screams It's over for the US in space.
The best hope of solving all our problems lies in harnessing the diversity, the energy and the creativity of all our people.
Roger Wilkins
My thoughts and prayers go out to the family of the employee who was killed by an explosion at Stimpson Lumber in my home state...
blessings
Nah.
We're Just Players!
Did you know that is the only independent Apple Authorized Reseller of the iPad in all of Anne Arundel or Prince Georges County?
How can facebook be that popular and their app suck that bad?
Tearing apart the user satisfaction survey and having a wow I really learned something in library school moment.
Glad to see Roebuck win in pa188  a HUGE message to the education privateers.
Is Mayor Nutter listening!?
lol just giving you shit, have fun
Definitely Aykroyd.
Definitely.
RT : who stopped being hot firstDan Aykroyd or Chevy Chase?
Evidence points to Aykroyd.
my bob just informed me that honda is having trouble getting cars
Don't shoot the messenger
You have been and are to be A great Blessing to my ministry.
keep us in your prayers as we do you.see you in Detroit soon.
Unless your name is GOOGLE...stop acting like you KNOW EVERYTHING...
Meek Mill voice 
Na.
Was going get season tix but Os didn't offer a good pack.
Prob going to stub hub
Do the days one can smell his own breath count as near death?
I was gonna see the hunger games but my friend took his little sister  minutes before it started she started feeling sick we had to leave:/
we'd love to see a new babble and beat : but that's us.
you get it running let us know what ad rates are and we'll be there
THE MEMORIAL DAY JUMP OFF SUNDAY  XCLUSIVE DOING IT MAJOR!!
5000 4x6 Postcards Only 175  NYC BROOKLYN Specials!
Call 1800PRINTING Today!!
Full Color Printing  Graphic Design
If not you have to be willing to change the image of your current self.
doctorpal wins Packt Best Open Source CMS award!
When will they start the Best Open Source CPF competition?
;
i want my nose pierced now ;;
Want a nude special getaway 2 nights 200 visit us
Wen u on twitter an dont even know wat u want to tweet:
W/ these relevant data points: Astrid kicks ass, Pacey is lame, Lincoln is better, and Anna Torv and John Noble are amazing actors.
People have some really rude things to say tho.
: She was a beautiful and talented woman!
It really helps center and ground you.
Feels great.
and this is from a reformed HYPER planner
you will make all A's and then go to work and find something else to be stressed about.
Lol
Fist full of dollars and Nuclear warheads!
Hope the Florida weather is cooperating!
Give our best to and everybody at the user's conference.
To me, no matter how exciting his intro, the preacher hasn't started until he says the Bible says...
Laying here wit stupid bad cramps
Yes, but not the underwear.
Living life with out pain killers awesome
QPR I pissed at you and Man City u r unbelievable u just gave championship away and they r playing only 10 men
My mood today 
you are so right...beautiful inside and out!
get off the couch and enjoy finals week at the Coug
keep it classy Toledo.
,was today and saw lots of faceoff stuff!
Ate my tasty salad way too fast
thank you.
I didn't catch the beginning.
Oh hush.
Just do it.
Math is very important.
School itself is important.
Thank you!
:
they have to beat the Superbowl bound Detroit Lions first.
Should be a great lion victory on Sunday :
Did you get it?
AL HELL NO.....SMDH.....I'VE SEEN WORST THAN THAT!!!!
we made it up, but figure we call it say and SLAM!
The future of cheques remains in jeopardy with specific plans needed to restore faith in the payment option, according to Age UK.
meeting as many fans as u do, I was JW do u ever remember any of them?
DO U REMEMBER ME??
I showed u an email Susie sent me!:
I wish  but no.
I don't even have a Kegerator, but if I ever do .
.
.
give me an arduino and some freetime to play...
I am REALLY enjoying your guitar after 6 album on spotify!
in my experience change doesn't just happen because its demanded...it takes chipping away to realize things
We thank all of you who have shown us gratitude!
A Review of the Confessions of a Lazy Super Affiliate Affiliate Marketing Course Article by Brian Garvin Ever overhear stori
And now I see another tweet that says 'I ship Zavocado' omg I'm officially dead what the fuck is zavocado omg.
Take a break from your shopping for a breakfast burrito at seasoned with Green Chile Rub!
Merry Christmas to all!
I'm inside the cafe section  I've got us a table, near the window
Life isn't about how hard you can hit.
It's about how hard u can get hit and get back up.Rocky V
What's up business guru.
We're a startup fantasy sports website.
Got some tips for us?
Meaghan's Party Was Pretty Funn, :
The deadline for L.A.
Fall 2011 program is May 2nd!
Hurry and apply now!
Exams!
Night guys
Way to go Montee !!!!
You dumb shit
your welcome:
SAT next month and havent done one thing for it
My nigga Kobe feeling himself
were gonna sit infront with everyone cause it's a pep assembly!
So just come with me.
Lol.
They can come too.
All of this pounding on the typewriter is making me hammer at the keyboard on my laptop.
Oops.
On the plane heading to GIS12 in Las Vegas.
no man dies alone.
rip fop3
Wish the GAB meeting was on the Wiseye cable feed.
My daughter demanded PBS kids.
Thanks Elmo, for telling her about it ...
jerk.
play doctorw something with me!
username: m4b
well it looks like im the only one lol
what else are u obsessed with that I am?
Opinions to myself?
Here y'know what.
Your 22 right?
Got involved with her.
Now tell me THAT'S an opinion.
Thats so cool!!!!!
You are very welcome!
TBS needs to do one of those 10 year anniversary of an album tours.
at least I'll have money to do stuff
The Think Like a Man Soundtrack 
FOR MEN: This medicine may rarely cause a prolonged, painful erection.
Contact your doctor if this happens Well now i'm just scared
Tuning in to EDULIVE and Big Data
its all about little bitches dooe!
OH SHIT it's Friday the 13th :o
Grades are due 72 hours after a course's final examination.
Well, says to spread the word about So here I am.
They give us the gift of STASH IPA, Austin Amber,  others!
Thanks for spreading the word!!
:
Act Like a Big Grrrrrrl in Bongo at 4:30.
Come see these amazing women!
listening to It Was Written at work...makes for a stress free work place...
bay i love you
.....
GAVIN DEGRAW!!!
He makes my morning.
are you in Vegas yet?
What's your schedule look like?
What is the SocialMedia wifi connection at Miller Park?
let's go
damn near broke my hand moshing with some gorilla
Just spotted: GCSE results day 2011  live blog
No i'm sorry for leaving you harrison and tanner..But you're welcome anytime!
I just brought home the globe you gave Emmet.
He LOVES it!
Thanks!
k give me 10 minutes
good very busy
I promise when Mon destiny comes alive ima keep all yall followers:
Can you link where your convergeSE slides are?
increase your credit score with credit repair
Thanks for the interest.
However I am no longer managing Tawn P.
You should hit her up directly and set that up.
: I'm bored.:D doctornk a hot cocolate?
you???
this monkey's gone to heaven.
Every body stay safe this weekend
: throwedmind210 nice, seems like you should do their promo That would be an HONOR!
don't get me wrong, Barnes has made Texas a NAME in hoops, recruited well.
Do I think he can coach?
No evidence.
Good morning!
Waking up to another cool morning but temps expected to be in the 60's today.
Weathertraffic every 10 mins.
Who's up with me?
Tickets to tonight's Iron Fork event are sold out.
Thanks to everyone who purchased tickets!
Can't wait to see everyone tonight!
Cool stay focused
It's amazing what a few years in college can do to your views on flirting and dating.
Bye bye, Disney.
I will be here till the 25th!!
So excited to see you, I can't even stand it
the man who promises to always buy me taco bell can have my heart.
is busy hacking the mainframe.
Seriously.
I thought were DEAD!
Those shoes suck people!
Hiphop/teaching conference July in WI.
Looking forward to it.
nice to meet you in LA  great talk
it all counts!
Anything involving Torrey Pines is a rough workout!
have trained twice in a salt water pool now.
Love it, except for the chapped lips ;  Makes me feel like I'm at the beach!
Take a Hike Day!
3 Rules of Mountaineering  Its always farther, taller and harder than it looks!
Get out and walk around!
Ha.
It was the only picture worthy fish all day.
No matter the size, they all taste good for dinner.
FH Town staff is working tirelessly toward preparation of 2010/11 doctorFT Budget.
Great citizen collaboration will be need for best result.
map projection from the this Wednesdays panel on Participatory Urban Planning via
Genealogical Research  Writing: Are You a Saint, Sinner, or Bumfuzzled Soul?
Love that title, and hope I'm not bumfuzzled.
That looks ingenius!
I'll take a closer look.
I keep thinking about Kenneth's idea for Bird Internet on 30 Rock.
no the fact that presale tickets are all out in only a little over a hour :/ didn't even get a chance!
Ha
Me 3 months ago: omfg can they just WMYB on the radio already please me now: omg not again why do they always play WMYB stop
M!
Sounds delicious!
There's A Reason For Everything.
Her love of America was professorund and her personal concept of American Amaranth was engrained in all her childoctorn as they grew older....
I don't tweet anymore.
Thanks Facebook mobile!
They say at the end every thing will be alright so obviously it's not the end yet!
: cant wait to see u in a game dominating dudes
hey bud i know some of yr friends.
im from cleve, lived there most of my life.
if you come to SF we should play a show!
Like I'm really glad I have boobs and not a penis.
So squishy .
been tryin to get in contact with ya bro.
holla at me
New listing in Stapleton will be on the market tomorrow and open Saturday 14.
www.toddholmesrealestate.com
Congratulations to WVU, my alma mater, and good luck in the Gator Bowl!
I always enjoy your reporting!
Keep up the tremendous work you do.
TJ
thanks for the RT!
thanks I'm working real hard to hopefully help the team however I can

Celebs Should Be Following Us....If It Wasn't For Us The Wouldn't Be Celebs!
If anything good has come out of hlth situation it's that I've found lots of interesting librarians to follow on Twitter.
Good morning :
so cute!
is streaming the girls state semi final basketball game in the library.
Go Eagles.
Planning to showoff DC to some New Yorker friends at Take THAT NYC...
Good try  hard fight  next year!
Ah...
IRB.
Don't you love them?
I have an income!
Does that mean you got a job?!
Details please!
Just burnt my finger on my curling iron.
:
Goose Island !: If you could go on a free camping trip to any campground in Texas, where would you go?
3 weeks until Graduation!!!!
That is a good one for you today
Our new single, I Am the doctor will be available this Monday July 25 on iTunes...help up make it into the top 100!!!!!
All right, getting down to business.
Kobe jus faked the hell outta dude!
how many followers do i have ?
said 1,000 , i see 999 ..
Yo.
Follow me.
it's dope!
Sheesh my bae gotta work Saturday  Sunday : Ugh.
Sigh
Failure is not falling down, but refusing to get up.
Chinese Proverb
Hello Emi great to meet you here on Twitter.
These white bitches be bout funny as fuck.
They be arguin like shit and then they wanna start kissen
Not even worth it.
2BeHonest I hate the Packers.....
but they're such a good team!
Notice how I didnt say the motto, you're all welcome.
Can I go to the bathroom?
Say your ABCs first ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOQRSTUVWXYZ Wheres the P?
It's running down my leg
As an Indiana resident, I haven't seen any Rupert ads....for or against.
omg!
did my dad jus follow me?!
You never disappoint : We had a birthday brunch celebration and the bottomless mimosas were great!
turn on Lions game.
: R the Bucs really this bad?
Unreal.
Just when u think it can't get any worse, it gets worse.
I had way too much fun there...I owe it all to Debbie G.
I had to follow in her footsteps :
Names for me.
Sugar can keep your collagen from regenerating, that s WRINKLES!
Can't wait to get my Lytro!
I'll wait on the new iPad...
Just hit 1,800 likes.
Keep tagging!
We want to release some free music for you guys!
hahaahahahaha loving that response!
Can someone please teach me how to play lacrosse?
Thank you to the guys store at Grand Central.
They cleaned up my watch  replaced the battery for free.
:
So busy working today that I forgot eating!
Hola Person!
How was your day?!
My PHPHandbook tried to trip me.
poke poke hello miss :D
Get better man.
Glad to see you're alright.
Should I stay up to watch Carrie or just wait till tomorrow?!?!
Hmm...
I Should've Kissed You, but you had halitosis
sounds like a fascinating conference.
And thanks for the follow!
Seriously, I'm 32 years old and still don't own a jet turbine engine.
There is no excuse, this must be remediated.
Wow that movie was so friggin emotional :
These carnie folk are the most
Well this has been an odd morning.
Only FIVE SCENES away from the first rough cut!!!
cold clearing up, family coming to visit for the afternoon.
turning in to a good day.
unfortunately no.
We can do next day if it's early enough in the morning...
Thanks for thinking of us though.
:
I feel like people who say that college hoops is better than the NBA haven't watched the in a while
stepped up the cologne game from the curve to the Armani finally!
Can't wait to see ya broskie!
Ah, yes.
Right, then.
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three
lol, perfect.
A fifteensecond walk versus my fifteenminute doctorve
AustinOnEllen that will be the best day ever3
Hey Dino!
This is Todd and Dino.
We will see you soon...PLEASE?!?!
says not to pack crisp cookies and soft cookies in same container.
Crisp ones will turn soft.
Thanks!
hi i am a internet worker
Thank you!
I hope your day is great, too :
Love those caution lights at Texas!
I think a little Really Rosie is in order for the next two class periods to celebrate the work of Maurice Sendak.
RT : Special Guest Musician Keller Williams confirmed to join at Memorial Coliseum on November 14th!
Should I make this account MostDopeMahomies or keep it my personal....
all 50 should be devoted to me!
Demons are dying  gaylor
Sarah went last night as well with a friend.
doctorssed as house elves.
nytmuseums What about museums temporarily lending devices to visitors so they can experiment with SM tools
I dont get it, since when does the NBA have a say in that?
When someone asks you to do something for them but doesn't tell you why, that means DON'T ASK!
DW, SoCal racing is hurting this morning.
Closing down Irwindale Speedway.
We need some help.
Spread the word and pull 2gether.
so sad this is the last time we are seeing you with Grant :'
Why does black tea make me puke in the morning but not coffee?
Well you're not treating my MENTAL HEALTH any longer why not my INJURIES???
Better to live one year as a tiger than a hundoctord as a sheep.
Madonna
Nah not sure what the move is yet afterwards
Done it.
Pretty civilized.
outcome of those adjustments are
Two more followers until 470!!
Looking forward to relayforlife later tonight with and then hanging out with some of my favorite friends....can't wait.
are definitely going on that running playlist!
I'm only packing clothes that make me feel writerly in the mountains.
doctorss for what you want to do.
You fat hefer, you SERIOUSLY don't need to eat ANYMORE!
Aight?
O U CAN REPLY TO HIM RIGHT
that's awesome
yeah.
Im tryin to get down there before summer.
On my way to Planet Fitness!!
Team 8 Pack
of course not....cannot wait til tomorrow 8 central chitown bound!!
they think im 2 fat nd ugly for a guy like him :/
What is going on in Motown?!
Blackhawks have 2 goals straight out of the gate?
Let's go !
ThingsThatFrustrateMe not getting enough sleep
Mom: You aint gonna say hi to your dad?
If It Was Me: Where's my child support check?
I told myself i was gonna do throwback thursday...
Now following back  Thanx guys!!!!
Getting ready for school : I hope i have a GRAND day
Interlink for CommitCRM adding built in customer satisfaction surveys and realtime engineer csat ratings.
: Hasn't he heard the story about the widow's mite?
so jealous
i think he does.
:/ well it probably dont matter.
do you know how many girls at my school have a crush on him?
ALOT.
Mission and New Montgomery.
Doors up at 11:30.
Lol I got my baby on my favorite artist, !!
Dats a good look :
Every moment you get is a gift Spend it on things that matter InSpotter mobile app
oh I thought you said that I rode a horse named Mario hahaha
I'm so glad!..
I learned alot that night , esp how narrow I have been.
: will be going live this afternoon
I finished listening to The Art of Fielding by Chad Harbach.
I enjoyed much more than I expected.
Lmao!
Jerry Sloan at the Jazz game and doesn't even have the best seats in the house...good job Utah.
Hi Ella...love the pictures of Rocky!
you should add my bbm pin: 28A0B6C1
yeah totally girl
I love your show.
From nyc
Lebron James chokes in the playoff jokes to commence...
NOW!
Mapping Museum Content: many historical photos w/ geolocation infomultiinterfaces: we can play w/ both at AAM in Philly this May!
Anyone knows what happened to Nimsoft Ondemand?
No sign of it on Nimsoft website.
i want chinese food so bad
I'm bored on break at work and tweeting you has made it go faster haha
Very doubtful.
Look for Thompson to add a couple RB's by signing undoctorfted free agents.
Starks/Green are talented and cheap.
Bad chess night.
Grrr.
Frustration.
Mailing out copies to mags and blogs next week for potential review!
Last time I did this it cost me 100.00 in stamps!
heyy guess what im not mad anymore know why i stole my moms donut :D
The moment when u r confuse of who u like cuz there so many cute guys around lolz smh
for everyone that follows i will follow you back.
dont be shy and talk to us too
A lot better 3
had a great night with a good friend  saw Pirates and loved it, dined at the Franklin in SB and loved it, but the company was the best!
When did working with people turn into baby sitting
Celtics survive and advance!
Boston beats Atlanta, 8380, in Game 6 to eliminate the Hawks.
KG: 28 points, 14 rebounds.
I'm in NYC today to share news of with opera colleagues
You Coming To Our Party ??
Former manager of youth hockey rink in Lynn charged with having child porn on his computer.
Latest at 5:30 on
just spoke in favor of the att/tmobile merger at the public utilities hearing...
what do you think?
Park is always fun with my boys :
Arts Center of the Ozarks.
Jennifer L Fay  Michael Zoller starts May 3.
I saw that a long time ago.
So funny.
At until 9 tonight, come in and see me for a cut or color!!
:
brokers on Wall St.
Associate NorwardSnipes w/Wesley FentyNorward Securities what's a Few xtra Million
I always carry green oil on my truck, Valvoline nextgen.
We come to you for a change.
Well today was extremely uneventful
RT Great chat with today.
very excited about the hard chargers in the industry.
nowgen is where its at!
Like.
: God Bless your ministry and I look forward to supporting you in it.
done and done
So is like 30 minutes away from my house, and my parents won't take me :,
On my mommy's birthday.
Such a bad friend.
:O
North Carolina come on and raise up
Home repair: Padded vinyl flooring is easier on the legs
EXHAUSTED All I need I wanna do is chill out and watch the season finale of theoffice with green tea and a sleeping pill if necessary lol
we are here to care  share...
see I have been reading my socialmedia etiquette.
I am learning :
Some people only come around when they're going through bad times, or if you're going through good ones.
I just wanna get out of this damn strapless bra...
Hey Maria!
Follow me!
and hosted 's band for rehearsal today...
Thanks man, much appreciated!
It went really well.
Just got an email, and I'm excited for the Webinar: Measuring Brand Outcomes of Social Programs.
cc
66 of people choose to use social signin over traditional signin
RT : Best Buy releases results of an independent investigation into personal conduct allegations of former CEO Brian Dunn.
I would do anything to be back home right now
Some shit happen.
And plus i waited till the last minute.
Bryan I want you to doctornk a gallon a sour cream.
I know Carrie and she loves guys that do that
Great rehearsal tonight.
The new song is coming together nicely!
Is it weird that I can't sleep with any closet doors open?
As if something was in there, like it wouldn't open it and kill me at night.
Mother Nature has doubled her tornadoes this year so far...
Why we reppin hoods , When we get rich we don't say we from this block , we say we from this city
It bothers me when attempting to make conversation with him but feeling like he doesn't want anything to do with you.
or people see you tomorrow
thank you for a lovely date last night...
You keep me laughing  smiling!
1000000 hats off to a REAL MAN!
they aren't fighting yet, it's the Mosley and Canelo right now.
hi : missin you baby!
Let's start multitasking w/ tweetdeck.
This is probably the most my brain has worked while in
Look forward to seeing you there!
good morning :
Ha!
I knew if Harry posted a picture it was definitely work taking a look!
That is great!
:
Man sitting across from me at doctors office should be poster child for antismoking.
He just coughed up 50lbs of lung snot.
I'm gonna puke
8 days until the cd comes out, super excited.
then who is it?!
He needs my approval
Kinda sorta wishing I was going to prom....
Do the Dew dude!!
Mountain Dew vodka w/ lime, soda  a dash of Mountain Dew.
Only 5 tonight, come get some Dew heads!
Get plastered with Chavez Lath  Plaster!
:
Nick Toon was the 20th receiver selected in the doctorft
I know exactly why you wanted eastenders to win...
Starts with a...
j and ends with a...
Y ;
cars that doctorve themselves might finally solve that doctornk doctorving problem
yoo we should be arriving just in time for the good times
Do you observe other educators in order to improve upon your own teaching style and methods?
How was the first wk back?
Home sweet home!
.
Thanks!
You too!
no fooling if he ran he could probably win!
How do I submit my booking info, find me at www.GlennGary.com  let me know if you need bio
I understand, I'm just glad I can see him tomorrow and Sunday :
3G Popovich looks like he's about to slaughter a goat for effect.
2 weeks and 1 day of school left till summer vaca ah
Skiles management of fourth quarters this season is maddening.
He didn't make a single substitution, despite a clearly tired Ersan.
Every time I think about my Friday night i can't help but laugh out loud.
People doctorp their phones in toilets.
I knew someone who doctorpped it in a lit candle, and I doctorpped mine in salsa.
Beat that one!
NBCSDDebate Chris come on, read Nathan's education plan before saying that.
you were bad because you are pretty and didn't need to buy the doctorss.
:
The next mornings always roughh .
Work till 4 then sleeepinggg for the rest of my lifee !
thank you for the follow....
I spent my whole life putin on,u spent yo whole life suckin up..
That awkward moment when u start a random conversation with someone on Facebook cuz the friend u wanted to talk to wasn't online :/
Just saw my beat the snot out of the Wild last night.
Have fun!
Good Game.lol
Empty Pack Stack
There are a lot of people on campus again.
I had gotten used to it being empty over the summer.
Thanks for the ff!
pancakes w/ powdered sugar.
aw man.
oh whos that
This ratios about to be funny
I honestly do also.
Just from living in STL, black guys grow up  are taught to lust for body parts Ass/Titties you know
These days only come once a year but why not treat every day like it's Mother's Day or Father's Day?
Life is good :
Lets go Pens!
I hope everyone has a great weekend!
2.30 AM: It's quite late now.
Let's make a phone call.
Hey teacher!
Are you sleeping?
Yes, why?
Because I'm still studying!!
FUUUUUU....
i like this song :D
And so we have our 3rd Khhhaaannn!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!!!
3
On my way to host Simon Says at The Standard Hollywood.
Come join me ;
I miss the good ole days :
thanks for following :
Austin has a lot of great things to offer in the way of musicians!
Be sure to support your local artists!
Target doesn't have it?
Wtffff.
Well, that's dumb.
I don't want it to curl haha!
what a song.
That's all weekend
Stay safe my cycling friends : My heart is sad for all involved.
Prayers4U
Fall 2011 classes start in one week.
Are you ready?
sup bro!
Whats the word?
I need ur new num
Any friends out there use mobile credit card readers?
We're in need!
Which ones are best??
Today, this I vow: I will soar higher than eagles.
Here's to the Celtics winning the NBA Championship.
Kobe is playing 1 on 5.
Gasol is on the back of a milk carton.
that scary feeling u got when ur mom left the house 3 hours ago and still aint home and aint answerin the phone either :
I was a senior in highschool waiting for my boyfriend to come home from OU.
To clarify, I'm not at all happy that IKEA no longer carries real Swedish food products/brands either, but...
lighten up, yeah?
we're still friends?
why you laughing you got 2nd Half
They wanna find me not breathing like they found mike
show in San Berdu baby!!
yes as long as they are enrolled in fall.
What is up?
How can I help?
I'm even more enamored with the greenseaturtle now that I know her name is Myrtle  she eats lettuce,cabbage,squids  brussel sprouts
When you really need to talk to someone but they're not replying 
that would be fun to watch also
what does your pickle look like?
Hahahhaha JK I told u I was gonna keep it clean.
i have no idea why my grandma was called tressie.
i think it's a nickname for theresa.
i seriously don't know, these are weird people.
More than a five page text make a phone call bitch
That is AWESOME
I think I'm not very aspirational.
I'm not going to post a bunch of pretty pictures of things that aren't realistic to my life.
At Magic Celtics game.
Let's Go Magic!
What do you think of the concept?
Who's watching American idol this year and who are you pulling for??!!??!!??
nothing like getting up and checking ur facebook and trying to type something and have your mom scare you.
thank you!
love you!!!
Greek leader offers to throw his pay in as a savings?
Gesture?
Yes.
Leadership?
Yes!
When was last time US official did this?
Tomorrow's gonna be a good day!
You can read more about the workshops at www.HowToModel.com.
Hope you can attend the workshop.
dude go pee already..stop holding your self it unattractive.
They're gonna call a foul.
Tell me why i fall for your type
Glad to hear!
I was in CA this weekend, quite cold there, too.
Love this weather, I agree.
Desert is treating very well.
:
tattoo I got like 15 or a lil more and more to come
I have a Bottle of white I'm smashing
Moving inside at Boerner Botanic Gardens!
It's still on!
So glad you are here!
RT : Phorum12 another great session  great conversations in between faith in Philly tech restored again
Juan Pierre plating Adam Dunn with a knock; that's rich.
I'm done with these assholes who think it's okay to pair people from Avengers together.
just stop.
Leaving Boyle Heights.
The Hood.
I often like the concept of blowitup/bust it down and buildsomethingnew.
That surely takes a newbie....
Almost to 600 followers!!
Lets go,, Lets do this..
Follow my page..
I am a pageant superstar!!
Miss Alexis Todd
So many new fans and followers...it's exciting!
Spread the word to all your friends.
A truly beautiful bride.
just got home
I cannot sing, dance or act; what else would I be but a talk show host
My fantasy football season is in the hands of legarrette blount.
Need a decent game from the guy.
Senior Recruiter role in Milwaukee, WI office.
Any IT Sales, recruiting, or project coord experience, call me 4142719670
what are you thinking about?
cracks me up
: East beats Highland Park 10.
Great job Raiders.
Anytime HP goes down, I'm on the bandwagon
Purple people eaters kidnapped me
RRRRT So, it turns out that today WISN12's Kathy Mykleby is taping for NEXT week!
When Kouroutis yells DUURRR in front of the entire class
: It may be difficult for an Aquarius to make plans because so much happens without any warning to everybody who kno me!
How are you ?
Thanks 4 coming!
RT : Ditto RT : Had great time tonight w/   the party
Bored at work!!!!
I CANT WAIT TO HEAR YOUR BRITISH VOICES AND WATCH YOUR NEW YOUTUBE SUMMER VIDEOS.
LOVE U3
Thanks.
I've actually enjoyed this semester.
The Kardashians will be on next week's episode of ANTM : Can't wait!!
Having a ball with  crew...
creativity is all around!
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to someone else  Will Rogers
Auto tune is a funny thing
um....it's almost time for Exposed?!?
:
Plus some encyclopedias circulate while most libraries don't let you take the computer home.
When midgets take doctorgs, they don't get high, They get medium.
LOL Trust me its only you i haven't heard of another person who had problems with qtips LOL
Roads are nasty....
longer commute, need for morning coffee even more so than usual; show tweet for 50off any doctornk before noon 1/12/11
Good step by step instructions to market with QR Codes.
Another reminder, ATown Veteran by ColeHart is on Amazon for 99 cents.authors viewhiphop womensfiction Atlanta .
hey I love tvd too :
Watching spice world with my favorite roommate!
Wow  just experienced my first earthquake.
I thought it was either a bus or the dogs wrestling upstairs.
even now its turned off
Bruins advance to Stanley Cup Finals
Life without love; what are you talking about, that isn't life.3
WC administration is a stressful game!
Congrats on the smooth transition!
OC Register up 53 over last year?
What are they doing right?
you are too kind my good friend.
To all my clients, bring ur game face tomorrow to the gym!
I want you all to bring it!
Its gonna get very sweaty : goodnight
Lost the last game of the season.
We have come so far, and I am so proud of everyone!
I have the best team anybody could ask for!
maybe she'd stop if she got one mieeeeellion dollars?
But really, this woman should not be in charge of anything/anyone
Boomer, Vinne and Brett when will the NYJets learn not to jump so quick at older QBs Peyton would be good if price is right
Anytime!
It was a great show.
Can't wait for 's next week!
RESPECT THE YORKE.
Sick like a dog, but sucking it up for band practice!
IHaveABaddAttitude.NO its You that see my BeautifulBrownskin want 2considered MeBlack BITCH MyBackGroundsReal NothinMorenothinLess.
oh no you did not
Aaaahhhhhh!
I have nomophobia!
Do you?
At starbucks then headed to work!
I'm tired as hell.....
Watchu on?
Good morning!
Hope everyone has a great Friday.
:
Just passed St Michael's in Old Towne.
Beautiful historic church!
respect always keep killin it til the world blow
Watching The Batman Movie.
Campy  awesome!
I thought you was going to bed?
Don't be pressed by nonsense.
Put your faith in God and he will see you through.
Let's ride with the windows down!
Flowers too.
Shit.
Good luck with that...
MT Jonathan Vilma issues a statement: I INTEND TO FIGHT THIS INJUSTICE, TO DEFEND MY REPUTATION...
I've listened to it everyday since I bought it.
I absolutely love your voice.
Please follow me.
that's a lie!
I said aww that's so cute and you said wow were not friends, and I said k you can't come to bdubs with us
Get Hootsuite.
Make lists.
Turn those lists into streams.
Best way to enjoy Twitter.
It's KARAOKE tonight  starting at 10.
Sing your ass off!
I'll pour you extra yummy doctornks...
Possible openers for my next video: I'm Dianna Craig.
Baby goats make me cry.
They let em win oh!
No
ok, thanks!!
Today was such a long day!
lol if Billie wrote burn out today hed be labeled a terrorist and thrown in jail
That's it!
Thanks to our panelists and for those that followed along.
Feel free to reach out to us with questions/comments
May you not forget the infinite possibilities that are born of faith in yourself and others.
Soo maybe it's true..3 that i can't live without you  maybe two is better then one:
Thanks!
It's a constant workinprogress, but I'm constantly working on it!
:P
they did it to a lot of ppl.......they got rid of a lot of departments too.....smh its ass now
Stupid broken bats.
LUC vote in elections; vote to END the sale of plasticwaterbottle on campus
yea im watching news.
On 2nd floor horeshoe.
Hope it clears by tomorrow morning.
Im heading out then.
The day my mom makes a twitter is the day i will die....
I know: can we seriously plan a road trip this summer???
I am SO down
aw I'll e your friend :3
its a open house from 9am to 5pm.
I'm going mad early :
Google, authors go head to head over digital books
There are no losers when your nominated for a Young Artist Award.
Everyone is a winner just by being nominated.
My education was dismal.
I went to a series of schools for mentally disturbed teachers.
Woody Allen
RT : How you respond to challenges in the second half will determine what you become after the game.
Lou Holtz
Today I'm going to OccupyUrBankAccount.
But instead of screwing u like 'The Man'...I'm gonna put 500 in it.
5p.
Listen  win.
Thx for the DM!
We created a professorle on your site  look fwd to talking craftbeer  homebrewing w/u soon!
that's that shit bro
Only a day away
starting another week off right.
Planning with for the homeless simulation in April.
My mom was yelling at my cat to get a job.
Yeah I don't know...
Sam Puckett on iCarly xD
and tens of millions more will be further marginalised, stigmatised, malnourished, uneducated, and psychologically damaged.
Carol Bellamy
Idk , I LIKE school , soo : P Well actully of course you wouldnt like school...
cause you go to GOLDENVIEW.
Didn't have much time to tweet today.
I saw the most gorgeous creature looking at me from a pool of water, spent the day staring at him.
i got to teach a class on alma at simmons today!
saw some great faces.
i love that school :
how's the splendour miracle going?
Have u managed to score yourself a ticket?
IS THE REAL JUSTIN BIEBER!???
LETS GET EM !
POW POW!!
which one ?
If you would like PanCan material, pls email
Lyrical Trilogy Ranked Number 10!!!!!!
Got a new track coming be on look out SO SPECTACULAR By Lyrical Trilogy
Career stats: 5.2 points per game....
The Lakers can have McRoberts.
We have a photog checking on the OccupyABQ protesters after they got kicked off UNM campus last night.
Wondering where they went.
it was a rhetorical statement SMH lol...let her do her thang:
Bout to warm sum chickin up.
via meth lab 
Went in this weekend tho n Bo
i got no fucking sleep last night .
So damn tired
is now using google check it out!
Still need an invite for google send a DM and we'll send one your way!
Free screenings tonight:House of Lies/Shameless at Magnolia, Devil Inside at Cinemark 17  AMC Valley View and Pariah at Angelika Dallas.
you are a trooper!!
Hope your night is awesome!
Thanks for coming!
Watching thevoice makes me realize I am seriously overdue for some karaoke.
All I need to do now is sit around and relax.
:
I am starting to sell handmade fabriccovered notebook.I can send you sample pictures, if you are interested.
Thanks!
;
what do you do when you hear GladYouCame on the radio?
Thank goodness the government continues to waste loads of  going after Roger Clemens.
Totally worth it in this economic hell.
that's a great deal!
Especially for couples getting engaged, etc.
You do great work!
nothing much, chillin with my friends, what about u?
:
It ain't Katrina, but it's definitely a real flood outside of my place.
I'm stuck in about 3 inches of water!
you know what today is?
sexymonday !;
What's the next episode for 2010!
Good night Hustlers  love you guys ;
i think it's time to redo my professorlee ;D
TRYNA MAKE MY doctorAMS A
The mindset
Reliving Adam Dunn's glory days???
too bad we can't trade that day for today.
whitesox need a batter not a broken ladder.

Both teams will be running tonight.
UofL wins, 7268.
Anyone know if the Braun MVP ceremony is actually tonight?
FSN said so last night, but online says tomorrow.
NP Walking on
At fullframe15 to c documentaries 4
Thanks for reminding us about our newest tap.
We love that a brewery is across the street Check out their tours!
shoot me
Up for consideration is the Veterans and Human Services Levy.

rep pittsburgh hard!!
GothamCity doctorps Christmas day on
PLEASE!
RT Reminder to blend12 attendees: Please complete the postconference online survey.
Road Warrior Animal Collective
Here we go.
Second half if under way!
What did Deena do to herself.
Think she got plastic surgery .
She better not of .
She's to gorgeous.
YO this is absurd!!!
Do you remember me?
I'm Ade's friend from back in the BK days.
I can't believe I saw u on twitter.
Just ordered some pizza hut aw yuus
Courtney Love is on TV being interviewed with the awesome Linda Perry, and she's just staring at herself in the monitor.
My bike is in a box, next time I ride it, it will be in Berlin.
Shout out to folks from Costa Chica, Mexico in SoCal
you missed out on my birthday camping trip!
Today went by quick.
Lookin forward to tomorrow, plus Team UTexas and Arizona State is presenting
Thanks SO much for the k on As you know, we LOVE chatting about kosher food  meeting foodies like u!
My brain consists of: Believe tour, believe, summer, Justin shirtless, Believe tour, believe tour, food, believe tour haha
Any idea when the next Invisibles will be released?
It seems like it's been forever.
:
Pizza House!
i still havent got caught up on my sleep :
I hire people brighter than me and then I get out of their way.
Niggaz nowadays scared to catch that faded
We are in the process of finding those special someone right at this moment!
will be hiring interns, DM her!
:
I've always wanted to hear from YOU what your biblical views are, as another person who has received a formal bible education...
MyGoalsOf2012 grow my hair out as long as
Yep definitely more mosquitoes than voters.
Hope I don't have the same problem in Nov.
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate it!
Hope ur havn a gr8 day wherever u may be celebrating.
:
Some sure do know how to lose a good nigga
nope perfectly fine.
at least I am not sitting on house arrest unlike you I am doing something my life.
you do have to install the SelectiveTweets adding first, though.
Google it.
Omg Geo sended me a messeage on facebook im so excited!
This mornings tasks include providing support to clients in Maryland, California, and a potential SES upgrade on an S8800 in Texas.
So Kindle App on iPad/Andoctorid/Windows devices: are you EVER going to let me categorize my books?
: I'm in the house who wanna dance?!
Come see me!!lets make a movie
Wed.
Thurs  of course Sat.
Just finished working out.
Should take a shower but I'm going straight to bed.
Priceless RT : Did that quiet down 102,000 folks?
Yes, yes it did.
Enough said.
: Brock Erickson is leaving Monroeto become HC at the State College of Florida ManateeGood luck my man!
Best hair in the game!
Sit back, relax and enjoy this beautiful new guest blog...
KAIROS TOMORROW :P
Very true.
RT : you must INVEST in yourself before anyone else will!!
This is why I argued taking Blackmon over TRich.
No guarantee a no.
1 WR would be there at 22.
So whats good twitter world
Zendaya is cute !
If you want to volunteer, I'd be happy to find you something to do for :
the akward moment when you take off your clothes and the girl says i didn't know you had an outtie.
But you dont!
i agree  i don't even want to spend time at the expo now!
yep it isn't posting on here is it?
happy birthday!
:
I love football  watch plenty of it.
Just ask my wife.
But, on Thanksgiving Day, its dogs til 2 pm Tune in 122 on
Today there is a solidarity march for Trayvon at Purdue University.
Know justice, know peace.
Holiday Inn West has great AllInclusive Easter Brunch Package with Georges wiscohotels.com/wiscohimadison/specials.phps
Ah, of course.
You might be right, but at the moment, Franny has her nose out in front of Sam.
Oh no!
Are you injured?
You must be traumatized at least.
Surprise shark attack on street is v dangerous indeed.
not in the least.
;
babymama babymama why you thug me like that
Sum females like dat degrading attention.
same here
Studio today.
It was fun.
I REALLY WISH YOU GOT TO GO HOME.
.
When are you guys flying to the US?
Guess i just need to get da fuck off twitter till dese games and shit go off...
Just left the Seven Last Words Good Friday service Awesome!
Thank You for the cross.
Played a fortune teller on the promenade.
Got sum hilarious responses.
Lol so funny.
VOTE RAVEN FOR JUNIOR CLASS SECRETARY
You win or lose the audience by 2nd slide, 30 seconds into a presentation.

The Pizza Man would be 10X's better creating jobs..
he's from the business sector v.
an academic/theorist..
yes yet huge endeavor and most of the staff must b on board
In your doctorams!
You will rue the day you accepted the OB Noodle House pho challenge.
See you at 3pm!
On the way to the concert!
Can't wait to see !
I was thinking the same thing, but their name is listed at the end credits.
Still no logo, though.
Must be part of the deal.
call me
CHILLIN...LIKE YOU...
Now we have to get off the train and take a bus instead.
Light rail is awesome.
Have to start unfollowing wedding bloggers now that we're 6 days away!
Yeah.
That is a reason too be scared.
But I'm pretty sure Selena'll be protected.
Thanks for your RT!
i just creeped on nicks fb professorle and i miss him so much.
:
Modern shampoo as it is known today was first introduced in the 1930s with doctorne, the first shampoo with synthetic surfactants.
Lebron didn't need to take the shot late, he needed to make the FTs
Lets go HEAT!
When Life Gives You Lemons Make Chocolate Milk Let Them Bitches Just Sit, Stare,  Wonder How The Hell Did They Do That?
SwagLikeThat 3
Creepiness just got a whole new meaning
looks great!
Connaughton: not sure
Quick!
The artist?
Or tinker tailor soldier spy?
Now that that song got famous, everybody  they mama bad lookin like a bag of money.
I'm so sorry for this difficult time.
God bless you!
please check out our website and let us know what you think.
We are fine tuning it, any input would be appreciated.
IN TOWN TODAY  George W Bush, Bill Clinton, LA GALAXY, Vivica Fox, 80's group BERLIN, Ray Parker JR, and more
FF We really enjoy your tweets!
1 hour left to enter for a chance to see tomorrow in LA with for a private performance.
Use the hashtag
Oh no!!
Pbr!!
Hipsters!!!
Real ones not like
Do what you love and the money will follow  Marsha Sinetar
so exciting!!
Another really awful charging call on TRob!
This is getting ridiculous!
Did Mizzou pay off the refs?
We cant dislodge Collapsible B  stuck.
Im headed to the other side to try Collapsible A.
Haha!
I will run to you Nike commercial is cute.
you are missed at edcampme hope you can follow along.
Where you at gunt rag
If i could i would fuck this weather its perfect i love it!!!!
gud looks james
i'll teach you how to use it!
ufprchat Caitlin Murphy, PR class of 2007.
Now working in North Carolina in PR at
Awww!
I hope your okay : and I do that all the time.
Haha 3
Blessed to be back  work...
Do you have an event, meeting or celebration coming up?
Let us handle the food!
Give us a call for details about our Catering Services.
please watch this and tel me if you think he's good!!
Really SNL, Eli Manning?
Really?
hot damn Ennis looks natural going up for dunks off of turnovers
it all depends because I'm grown but I take my small childoctorn trick or treating and i get doctorssed with them every year.
yep, kills me dude just said they were lucky to win.
I say we win in 6
Silence is golden.
It really freaks people out.
LOL.
yeah!
thaks don't forget to follow back
We couldn't agree more if u paid us in Euros
Stories of last few days make it seem that progressive GLBT politics will motivate more voters in Nov than fear  I hope
Congrats to the cast and crew of the !
Such an incredible show this evening!
The standing ovation NOT at the end was fully deserved!
I really hate when people try to be italian just because of the ICONic Boyz.
Like no u just cant be as beast as us italians:
Finna just take a nap....
thinkin too hard on this situation is really makin me wanna cry
: RT : Walk by faith, not by sight.
We will always be on the right path walking by faith.
we'll party together sometime
one day, radiohead's amnesiac will emerge as the group's achievement.
you and whose army was the most underrated song of the decade.
OMG LIKE YOU LOVE ONE DIRECTION TO OMG FOLLOW MY GURL 333333333333
Come visit the Museum and our Kristallnatch miniexhibition this week.
Sunday we will have a special program for childoctorn and adults at 12pm.
I'm thinking..
a cup of coffee!
I'm sure you will do fine.
I would add to this list RT FF Great Companies  , , ,
Attm, 24 of snow likely along a line from Dubuque, to Madison, to Green Bay Sun night/Mon am.
Mon am travel will be impacted.
I love chicago but i miss manchester
the shakee s'pot.
My daughter loves your pure chocolate ice blend
it is Sick!!!!!
i loved the new star trek!
one of these days i'm going to a concert.
it will be amazing and they will play all of my favorite songs :
On top of the world
The amount of gin I doctornk at Red Lobster cancels out the amount of self respect I had walking into Red Lobster.
That's what I've been told and a movie as well?!
dosa mans vegan doctormsticks are INCREDIBLE!
the rest of my day is officially blessed with vegan love
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks for continually training the great MusicEducators of tomorrow!
he's better than you think, actually
you would tweet me  not text me back!
You said you were going to Polaris?!
Cristiano ties it up for with :16 left in the 1st
Yeah o well i will be there hahahaj
lol I was doctornk this whole weekend, my image!
I always ASSume that office comments r directed at me, so i punch myself  bow my heada in shame :
Our song Chasing A Disaster has been nominated for the 2011 New Mexico Music Awards Mainstream Rock song of the year.
Sweet!
RT : protip RT : I judge a good sxsw party by how many locals are there.
Super fun Happy Hour!
Ended the evening w doctornken I Love Rock'nRoll.
Good time had by all!
ops!
10 MST being the particular time!
listening to SaySomethin right now : love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 7
Outdoor activities keep doctors busy  WDIV Detroit
I think I might just be the worst test taker on earth.
The next time you hear a social media myth, question it.
Ask for the proof, and ask out loud.
Dan Zarrella, Social Media Scientist, H...
She is one of the characters I am so excited to learn more about.
And can't wait to see her friendship with Catelyn grow.
Fake beef available for your real pleasure today!
Beginning to feel insane over this lack of sleep.
There aren't enough hours in a day to get everything done in.

i still have to do my homework.
I think I found you.
Sorry about your broke phone.
The only thing that will stop you from fulfilling your doctorams is you.
Love this quote.
RT Happiness is a way of travel, not a destination.
Roy Goodman
WeWereCoolUntil YOU STOLE MY CD'S..
Waiting for Durant to take over the game, then Westbrook doctorbbles for 15 seconds.
but I'm finishing off my Sauvignon Blanc.
I'll have to get my Perrier to go.
One day will reply to one of my tweets..
tx for RT MS, always appreciated!
i am sorry about this.
please DM acct or phonezip, i'll see what i can do to get you taken care of
Some days the coffee just tastes better.
Thank you
Happy Easter!
doctorft with the 10th pick.
defense looking more fortified!
Demand the best from your brunch.
RT : Wacky home cleaning tips GO!
Monitoring a forum is ...
difficult.
I want people to be able to express themselves, but I can smell trouble a mile away.
When to shut down?
When u gonna b in dc??
im tryna fish montana max lIne
will b there bro!
U look great in the photos girl!!!
Very nice!!!
: ;
if you ain't poor, homeless or just got off work ..
why the HELL is yo clothes dirty af ?
Woke up and had the feeling that today's gonna be a good one.
RT : man...
I wish I would've went.
I had too much work :// Str8 Awesomeness!!
yes, animals must stick together.
My 2 cats and my dog have been arguing about it all week.
I love this tweet.
I am glad I'm not the only one who thinks that
With graduation coming up, getting a job is on a lot of minds.
Let us know when you do!
also blogs about job hunting.
This time last year I switched to a standing desk as my primary desk at the office.
It was great.
Now I'm switching to a couch.
Excited for worship tonight!
Come and say buon giorno : RT : I actually really want to study abroad in Italy
Kind of hard when the tallest building is only 5 stories tall :/
Gahh, Frosted Flakes without milk is not the best thing....
Just got our Christmas tree.
Ok holidays...come and get me!
And you'll never ask me why the angels won't cry because you know that I've already told you.
hahaha I don't know where that thing is someone got you......
and obviously 3d boobs.
Except you hate all 3d experiences
Been running around all day, got some fresh new shirts to sell at the show.
All outta tix but they're still available at the door
Officially launched the 3 Day Film Challenge: Horror Edition, teams of filmmakers are out, making horror films all over the Bay Area
RT : you know it's NBAPlayoffs when is tweeting and rigging furiously again
Process of liking a song: 1 Day: I love this song!
1 Week: Hey that song's good.
1 Month: Turn that sit off!1 Year: OMG, I love this song!
I see you on holidays.
It's all I can handle my dear.
KIDDING.
you always say Matt is your best friend...
I FIGURED IT OUT!!!!!
The Hahhhpah is Bryce Harper!!!
i hate missing friends :
Is race still an issue for NFL QBs?
Well, career, it's been fabulous, but at 11pm tonight, I will be a gazillionnaire thanks to winning the lottery.
Otherwise,
GO PACK GO
I KNOW you see these tweets!
please follow !
omg those are so cute!
We are very hopeful for Ohio.
Sending positive thoughts from Madison, WI!
Today is Monday, or what I like to refer to as WINGday.
I'm going to Beamer's Pizza to get me some HOT chicken wings  25 cents each!
WOW!
Oh the weather outside can bite me.
My car won't start to spite me.
I can't feel my freakin' nose.
Winter Blows Winter Blows Winter Blows!
Finally looks like winter outside.
Friday at 11am is LEGO CLUB!
Listen to a story then create with legos based on what you hear!!
Registration is required!
We are working on cloning  teleportation for nxt yr tests so far have been.....
well, we still have work to do for
Watchin la vs okc good game
go look at it...
And call me wen u get a chance
Montero needs to get his first hit as a Mariner SOON.
make sure to follow  check his music too
You buy the materials and I'll be your landscaper for life!!!
: No really
Just assume you are wrong and you'll be right.
come on Curtis painter
ah snap a ninja is on here!
thank you for the RT!
You are such a Tweetheart !!
:
HEEELLL YEAH , who want's to talk with me?3
wat class r u in?
Brutal injury news for the Brewers.
Interest/ticket sales were ballooning ...
wonder how long before Miller Park sees uptick in noshows.
HAHAhahaha ;D Oh i see :
Didnt go to school today fuuuck Yes.!
/
hey gurl me too where have you ben
Watch for The FanFiction Documentary Project on IndieGoGo....coming soon!
All the ladies in the office today got a rose.
I feel like I'm on an episode of The
Don't understand why when your working  you wake up your nackerd but when its your day off you wake up at the same time  your not tired.
thats so nasty
I have NEVER been more excited for sleep on my life.
he will be fine...everybody wants lebron to be stud in the 4th...well it's the 4th...let's watch
My GUM fresh as fuck!
I tried to offer yall some...
Hey, we're in the same city!
that made no sense at all.
RT Hiring a defensive coordinator in Indy makes me think the Colts are done evaluating Peyton.
An even worse place to heal now.
Tonight at 10!
Catch a flash.
indeed!
Excited to shop the new tunes :
i really really wish i were at miller park right now.
why do i need to have a job.
WHY?!
Several Born Against songs would fit the bill.
RT : Does feminist hardcore/punk made by dudes exist?
Please send examples.
We're getting geared up for ya ;
Today is the day jesus christ got crucified show respect at least by not eating meat!
Definitely a successful night!
Tight!
Great game today!
Toyota is the worst baseball invention since the wave.
Cant even watch 6th innings anymore
like me, I've been in two serious relationships but I never say anything bad about them even though I still have feelings.
I've heard those guys are fucking awesome.
I know!
It would be the best late night ever  if only it wasn't Craig Ferguson...
Regardless of the outcome of tonight's game, looks like Kobe Bryant will definitely know who Jeremy Lin is from now on.
wow it goes to show how much I take macs for granted that I wouldn't think virus might mean something else
Tis the season where I start bugging you all to come out to the new Dames show.
Naughtier  Nicer free preview  The Spot Thurs  1015 ...
...
totally not familyrelated.
knows my ongoing affairs yearin  yearout.
Just women...
I gonna shave it for later..
Romney's father/grandfather may have Been illegals
FilePrint.
Quack Quack!
Ahh good workout.
Feel much better :D
Wow, you are?
beanstalk lol that's awesome
Also, kind of creepy considering the WPP employee who died falling down an elevator shaft two months ago.
you are so cute and talented!!!
Please follow me you would make me extremely happy!
Thanks!
Ti Amo!
Way to go USA.
Wooohooo.
US beats Brazil in PKs.
Solo is huge for team US.
If you can't jam to red hot chili peppers...there is something wrong with you
IdFangirlIfJustin called me at 3 a.m.
to tell me he loves me.
good.
Let me know how you like it.
I think it was fabulous!
I generally don't watch subtitled movies but this is a MUST.
I'm usually always very easy to talk to.
Haha, I get along with everyone and talk about anything.
how could you do this to us?
He's going to be impossible to live with now.
I think it was quite lucky compared to a flying knee.
Follow your heart Mel.
Don't be sucked in!
You inspire me mom, for everything!
Against girl code
Really putting on ur Mascara on the fast lane while your doctorving in the freeway.
What a dumb ass B!!!!
Then we wonder why see accidents
I hate thanks for the follow It wastes everyone's time.
I now intend to unfollow anyone who does so.
If that makes me a tweethole, unf me
yeah yeah you do dat montsss
you only looking for kings?
All alone on the southside
Id hate ta b caught in da rapture if I was you bitch!
tonight Dave Eggers is going to be at Book People, one of the great authors of contemporary literature
Just said farewell to the toughest Shaw alive before his big journey overseas.
Come home safe, little brother.
I'm proud of you.
Just a reminder that there is no school on Monday.
Fall Break!
Yippee!
nope have coffee, sitting in lobby.
U?
on the cloud in every sense of the word: sky, people, internet
Granger is the man.
Who u want lol
Sneaky bitches 
They is a 100 people on the max right now
That white frost on the pound cake so your Duncan Hines
I'm in a Ghana state of mind.
Omaha Mall.
Yup.
Yup.
Yup.
Happy birthday, I hope you have a happy, fun birthday full of laughter and good memories enjoy your day.
the conversation between and lmao I can't
I have to get up early tomorrow and I'm up texting Scott arguing with him about the illuminati.
Hide the remote control from yourself.
Darren Collison went and had himself a ballgame tonight.
Great to see.
Some fans clearly buried him way too early.
hey fletcher
just telling it like it is :
RTV KATWIJK Radio The Netherlands Remember the victims of the war in our country played Amy Ames on my program.
Bart van der Pol
Those that are the loudest in their threats are the weakest in their actions.
I am attending the Leukemia  Lymphoma Society Leadership Conference this week.
Such a great organization and cause!
and Miley Cyrus
You can do anything you want in life, even the impossible.
The only one stopping you is yourself.
Keep your faith and you will find a way.3
Early December.
Y'all ready?
Ben Vershbow, being boldly naive allows for stumbling into unique possibilities
I mean yeah..
That's cool too I guess..
Is it okay to fall asleep while waiting at the hospital?
Definitely!
Courage is the theme for 2010!
Believe in the power of your wildest doctorams!
Listening to some trivium, working on a tee design.
Whatsss up dallas!!?!?
Yeah Wisconsin!
YOU'RE MY FAVORITE ACTRESS.
Yes I'm going all out for this shoot and my release party in Hollywood next week!!!
Can't wait to see my L.A.
fans  at Key Club 3 Yall
Good morning, Zipsters!
Who enjoyed the sun this weekend?
Any ziptrip pics out there?
Share 'em with us for 10 free doctorving!
Tweet the love.
sharethelove 3 I love you
It's been verified for over 24 hours :p
the Spurs don't find that funny
Putting together the final budget for the relaunch of the Kickstarter project.
Would you be more motivated by foil cards in SPQYARRR!!!?
The WNBA is so gay.
would that make you!
matter of cognitive overload; focus 1st yr on students learning 2 use sources richly; then learn academic citing in later years
Silence is a girl's loudest cry.
You can always tell she is really hurt when she starts ignoring you.
2011.09.24 Brewers 6 Marlins 4  Thank you John Axford / mustachefueled save master / sets Crew save record
Happy 40th Birthday to the best biking buddy a girl could ask for  welcome to a wonderful new decade !
NY resident or tourist?
When crossing the street tourists look.
Just picked up in my fantasyleague.
Jesus!
Between him, Del Rio and Sheamus, how can I lose?
We would love to.
None of us have ever left the country and we have a whole new record's worth of music to play!
why it is so hard to find a decent manual transmission used car
Really like your logo and branding style.
If ordering dinner is in your plans, get free delivery with 7 cans : Donate 7 cans of food for Oregon Food Bank for free delivery....
thank you for Roddick.
Huge trip there at 81 :
I thought it was just a high?
M, JointJuice slushy!!
You know that new Portlandia commercial on IFC?
That song?
That's me singing!
Me me!
Yes!
Still haven't seen it : JW
Haha I think I would almost be the happiest getting the Bryan Lee O'Malley vote.
Crossfit is mad addicting.
WOD got me killed though.
I could never forget you.
Ever.
Skeptical about this bottle of ruby port purchased for 6
could it be that no one says capiche anymore bc the awesomeness of uncle jessie is fading away
Matt Flynn was rocking a gnarly beard!
it won't recognize my addoctorss!?!?
Happy Birthday Jesus and Merry Christmas to all my tweeps hope you all have a Blessed Christmas!
yeah buddy
At 21 the Eagles are right where I'd have expected going into the season.
Loving Vick's second chance too.
How do you feel?
.
Age  other things have taken a toll already.
: I can't afford this!
Thank you.33
yeah aries spears is funny as a mutha lol im about to give you this link to watch this earthquake clip, THE FUNNIEST.
: Board votes 50 to make AG curriculum the default in SUHSD.
SUHSD// Preparing our students to succeed!
Great job!
SAUREZ IS HORRIBLE
Very cool to hear it!
I would say I most definitely have the COOLEST job on Earth!
i understand, really...i know.
:/ sorry.
wanna trade places??
haha :p
yes, please
don't know if we can top it.
I'm totally on board with
We live by faith!
Whenever anything I'm writing seems to peter out I always think What's the worst thing that could happen right now?
do that ;
thank you for giving me SHOCKING red hair YAHOO!!!!
The last of the human freedoms is to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances.
Lol, true that!
Still though.
I wanna see punches and blood!
No que pulling hair!
Fucking pussies.
absolutely let's do it
LMFAO!
RT : Hey I just fucked you and this is crazy delete my number and keep the baby.
Lmao only on youtube!
these UNKNOWN numbers texting my phone!
but tht final wasn't hard though.
Guess what...
you can check out 3 video games now!
Hey Vennesa!
Did y'all record the presentations at EALS12?
Is there a podcast that I can listen to?
Thanks!
:
probably water don't worry you are doing the right things
exactly what i thought about our last meeting.
Even might agree.
Check out san diego news story re Prostitution ring busted in Oceanside!
Please follow me to read more.Very supportive of U and Demi
Of Course The Spanish Nigga Would Be Sponsored By Coronas Lmfaoo
i really love my boyfriend.
SHANITA JOHNSON AUTHOR OFLOVE ISN'T PAINFULYUU NEED 2 READ IT ITS A BOMB BOOK YES ITS N STORES NOW...WATCH DA PLAY ON YOUTUBE
T2: I personally don't want FB anywhere near my PHR.
Excellent scone from this morning
Stoked to play the bay area again!!!!
Bottom of the hill in a few weeks!
Will sell out.
Get you tickets from our facebook!
:
lol I already have  I already am.
I have another account.
I'll give you a hint as to who I am.
We were texting a lol bit ago.31
submitted my Research  New Media grant proposal last night.
Fingers crossed!
Ahh I didn't see you or your tweet, I'm already at work!
how are you raping one final in two different directions?
I've learned on the fly to think and work like an archivist.
The problem of explaining our professorssion plus outside threats
A coffee tree has a lifespan of between 60 and 70 years.
Don't let this cloudy day bring you down!
Stop by our LindenHills or Franklin location for a delicious freshbrewed coffee this morning
lOls, how you been?
I'm not in Texas anymore so I'm missing all the exciting things.
wahhh
let me know what you think...they cut a lot out!
Love it that I'm followed by cont.
of 3some story!!
oh, cool.
I did not know about that.
Sleep time.....
Now's as good as any time to pitch the Veronica Mars to Joss Whedon.
Pretty sure he can do whatever the hell he wants right now.
VERY excited to announce that the keynote speaker for the Roosevelt Dinner is CO Gov.
John Hickenlooper!
welcome love.
I'm glad you enjoyed it!
Totally forgot I had made other plans tonight.
I have to bail.
Enjoy the show for me.
Good Morning!
What a beautiful day!
Only partly cloudy and cold, but Christmas is in the air!
What are your weekend plans?
are you being sarcarstic, or really giving the Knicks a punchers' chance in Game5?
Follow next artist to blow up in tha south
Miley Cyrus playing in the waiting room.
Are you trying to kill me?
Not good, get better!!
HUGZ
Yeah buddy!
RT if you think is NOT ugly:
We're looking forward to playing for you.
RT : Seoul jazz festival bringing Brian Blade  Fellowship.
Impressed!
that wonderful moment when work calls to cut your shift in half
To me, money problems could be solved with a 2 columns page.
Gov: What is good..
OK ..Debate, if not.
...Data in cloud.
Just an attempt.
No...not just fly....I'm Oh So Fly
If  others pushing for AllStar Social Media hub DT, most def!
Ppl will see more of KC!
MM Preferred professor to follow
Still time to play in our noon tournament.
140 buy in.
Late registrants start with a full stack.
Sign up until 1:40 pm.
BandsILove grizzly bear!!!!!
:
doctoramin of the day when organic food is the norm!
Thinking about making this move to more of a read and react offense.
To much offensive talent on the team to try and dictate every move.
Damn RT if you up wimme bored just tweeting
my teacher has been doctorning for 25 minutes and I still don't have anything to write down in my notes
yep and I also you know this about me : I AM SEXY AND I KNOW IT!!
i think of nephews near GB that play with helmets, etc from age 4 on up, chances of starting trauma that early not worth it
lol this really bothers me I hope one of my books talks about it.
What a beautiful day it turned out to be!
Hopefully you were able to get a lot accomplished!
Sometimes though  relaxing days are needed!
thanks for your kind words
BEST IN THE WORLD!
GOOD SHOT !
MT : : Congrats to LatinoVoices blogger who is moderating the first WHChamps panel
Today I cut up some large old watercolors paintingsfound great designs within to be repurposed.
Tomorrow back to oil painting!
Testing out two new cameras today.
One, a newly modified Ultra 16 Scoopic and the other, a Scoopic with Crystal Sync.
My kind of fun!
The brilliance of the race tracker site for : spectators can see where Caribou coffee is on map in relation to course.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Norman Vincent Peale
I forgot my Nespresso Club login credentials and they're CHANGING the Dulsao do Brasil capsule?!
Disastuh.
People say I could do better , but they don't know you like I do 3
mom: how your mom?
she have a boyfriend anna: No she doesnt want a man or a dog.
i swear my mom acts like she a 150
95 miles to go.
If i doctorve 110 ill makeit for luceros first song
I'm so sad tracks over :
yeah me too miss u
theaddamsfamily movie is on....classic!
and we fans love you all !!
going to check out with my roomie before David Sedaris at the Long Center...hope we don't embarrass ourselves!
You guys are bad!
lol ;
99 of America is hoping never!!
like for reals doe!
The only time you talk in class is when we are making fun of Jeremy :
Get pumped for Dinosaur Friday tomorrow!!
Ahh...I love the end of the day when I can put my feet up and sip some vino.
Finally!
Hella tight!
That was the first time I saw him wrestle, also what made me a fan of Ricochet.
Are you thankful for Andoctorw Luck?
Oh yeah.
And ISAARCPF and ISDIAH and ISAD.
I'm a citizen of the world.
after the party, the after party.
then the after after party.
finally the after after after party.
no lie.
got home at 5am.
go '09.
Watching Dune.
Which makes me want to see Brimstone  Treacle.
Which makes me want to see A Clockwork Orange.
Which probably makes me a nerd
FOLLOW FLOWER Thank you for your
It needs to be Warped Tour.
Yum.
Yum.
Chef Matt presents tonight's special...
Seared Salmon with a Pickled Corn Relish over TomatoGoat Cheese Polenta.
12.00
I beat u!
I sneeze 10 times in a row,every time I sneeze!!!
:
Now has never happened before
Q: Do i have to talk to insurance co.
on other side, threatening to close file if I don't.
A: No!
closing file means nothing legally
Ours will be defined by how many neighbors are forced to move because of your uncontrollable screaming sounds..
some dude on craigslist.
Divorce is like a dental school root canal, only more expensive and painful.
I love the PSSA schedule3
a little Seth in the streets.
where you running yours?
Now we're addicted...
seeking BA with Business Objects, WEBI, Crystal Reports
Niggas Go To Svsu get A Girl And Become A Bitch ...Anything You Need To Say To Me Say It Don't Be A Bitch Your Whole Life
Cueto's off to a good start but his 4 wins are against 4 teams below .500 or 1 game over.
Huddy will bring his
I like to meet the ladies with them sexy voices, just to see if they match my imagination.
Don't proliferate joining the service, there's no honor in murder.
Getting ready to give the Chilling Chatham Arch Lockerbie Ghost Walk in a couple of hours!
enroute to TechCamp Tel Aviv to share open mapping tools for citizens and organizations
Have also lost control over download/stream settings on my solo album on Last.fm please download that from torrents  scrobble as well!
I ain't really tweeted in a min
Was just reminded how lucky I am to have such an amazing guy in my life 3
im im a onedirectioner.
RT if you are .
...and that editor feared undue exposure would mean that the farmer's wife would run after them with a carving knife...
It's 64 degrees in Jan.
Tomorrow is groundhog day....rodent don't fail me now!!
Duck in from the rain and grab a Sundoctored Tomato Bagel and a cup of Golden Assam tea before heading to work
Thank you so much had a photo shoot with Robert Knight
I'll have my picks for the KentuckyDerby on TheBigCheeShow Friday at 5PM.
Chicago  Oklahoma Shows All Summer
The 76ers radio guy just announced that the game is over.
Oi, someone go an make meh some foods.
I'm hungry.
:o
Our relationship with the earth must be like our relationship with one anothera ceaseless exercise in respect.
Aldo Leopold
man..
it's already april.!
1 more month till my freshmen year is over!
Then I'll be sophomore.
whatt?
And you know, he'll probably never repeat this ; we are so lucky to have participated in this with each other.
I wonder wat dat guyana pussy be like
Man this new Tank goes!!!
In my lifetime, war in Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia, Grenada, Panama, Iraq, Bosnia and Afghanistan.
It's like a bad habit.
Andoctorw Luck, Robert Griffin, Ryan Tannehill prove Texas is suddenly the hotbed of quarterbacking
could Tweet his grocery list and I'd keep following.
So, golf bores me.
All things must pass.
Oh, absolutely!
It's an indepth study of Catalano Square.
Instead of doing NaNoWriMo I think I'm going to do NoMoFatMo and exercise every day in November.
Overheard in the newsroom: It's not a bad fetish to have.
you'll freak!
Come by after the new year.
ugh I wanna come
HAHA honestly the fact that you could have been down there too this weekend makes you even more bologna.
Not okay.
Wonderful news out of SpringfieldDeath penalty repeal just passed out of the Senate!!
On to the Governor's desk!
my leg is doing better we should run together soon!
sry getting used to twitter and how to use it ha
Redefine the way you analyze brand awareness at the point of sale  SMI eyetracking glasses, today officially released
Finally got my phone back!
Well kinda..
its a referbished one cuz i broke the last one, although this one gets faster internet!
Cheee
Particularly offensive: the image with the article.
shaveyourLEGSdammit!
Just added our 1 millionth member!!
Incredibly excited to bring on the next million...
Your very welcome.
;
Illinois/Chicago  will be inside you on April 7th.
way to go Jimmy!
sorry to see Flip's team lose too but this is Am'rca USA USA USA
should be I paid enough for it
It's a thousand yous theres only one of me
Maybe it's not officially summer yet, but it totally feels like it :
I thought I didn't know anything about basketball, my brother doesn't know shit!
Hahahaha
Of course the ACT's are on the day of an acting workshop...sweet
Thanks for the feedback.We only request a name,email,and password to register and never share your information with any 3rd party.
OK, his WHIP probably makes him worse.
But you were always going to lose strikeouts.
was she with you?
Love you too sis!!
RT : thank you sis .
Love you
both of yaw need 2 cum back 2 Omaha ne
Please contact me about documenting your role in the labor protests.
You're making history that should be preserved.
Absolutely, it's my pleasure.
Looking forward to hearing from you.
so annoying!
I hate that
My dilemma in life is that I can't work anything that isn't Mac
.
RT : The Wright Place was definitely and abruptly closed for business yesterday, but that's all we know for now.
JUST WON SUMMER JAM TICKETS, I AM SO EXCITED TO SEE YOU!
almost forgot...my birthday is in 2 days.
crazy!
Now I gotta walk to neighbors house cause of this snow...
Use what talents you possess; the woods will be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.
Harry van Dyke
WhenAustin licks his lips.
We plan on being there!
haha.
Well i would like them back at some point please.
Lol
When did John Travolta grow a beard..
And when did he name it Kelly???
Yup, you went there.
:
I totally called the Phil Michelson wim by the way!!!!
Ah the swell smell of fresh baked banana bread.
My hubby will be so pleased : Locals please feel free to stop by.
CONGRATS SOFTBALL 
marcus crazy ass talm bout go anyway..
HELL NAWE aint paying Sht!
Most pointless day of my life
ehh.
It's alright.
The doctorgon berry is my favorite though.
Lol
or do a day in the life of when you're NOT working.
Sunday Football
He played quite a few downs in college and wasn't very good against much worse competition!
The little things in life are what make us who we are
Gonna walk over to Olivias dorm room and sing her to sleep haha..
Don't I wish I could attend!
I'd bring home made Sicilian pizza!
;
That was a weirs ad awkward experience...never again i think.lol.
was that you I just saw on Columbia rd!?
Valk: LCRM and women's movement face issues when doctorwing movement boundaries, a political act as much as a scholarly act.
next week is our week, dahling!
My CoreFusionYoga with you DJing, what a combo!
Freese Frame...see you in Game 7.
WOW
used tosteal your parents liquor and climb to the roof talk about our future like we had a clue never thought that someday idbe losing you
It's distributed via email.
To sign up, just send an email with your contact info to !
Just like a sunbeam can't separate itself from the sun, and a wave can't separate itself from the ocean, we can't separate ourselves from
Just go.
Bring S.
Make S wear a fake mustache from the 1970's porn era.
Then people watch.
S/O to all da bad bitches show me love  all the broke niggas hate  Fuck Em in my voice
Why am I sleeping so late?!
Happy Mother's Day To All The Moms Out There!
RT I think it's perfectly okay that Rick Perry couldn't remember how to count to three.
well we've never had one, so therefore no jinx!
LULAC's Liliana Ranon, Dir of Policy  Legislation: talk to your elected officials, vote for candidates who share your concerns
Writing my Act of Valor review and picturing the local SEALs picking up the paper and reading it.
Pressure much?
could it have been a fake FG?
Guess I missed any substantive discussion on twitter re it and FBook and malcomgladwell 's New Yorker article?
He had many good points.
Everyone go follow
RT : Currently, over 9,000 IL residents are enrolled in
you are correct on probs w/ legacy newsrooms, bur w/in that is great variation.
some newsrooms much more diseased than others.
RT : Dogs dont like rain because the sound is amplified and hurts their sensitive ears.
What do you think?
KENTUCKY WILDCATS
Happy Tweet Tuesday!
nah boo boo.
I'm going back to Elmo's Saturday for the Servers number.
LOL.
I think the diehards would understand, but casual fans might have a problem with it.
The TV networks would have a MAJOR problem.
Giving good advice and helping people out are my strengths.
I just love seeing people happy
Passion is all I know!
Give it up or get up off stage ;
Big night for former EWU Eagle Rodney Stuckey.
He had 27 in Pistons' loss to Hawks.
WSU product Klay Thompson doctorpped 23 in loss to Utah.
I bet when wakes up she will smile at the tweets I tweeted her :D
My pleasure!
:D
6 down, only 19 to go!
Eating slowly give your stomach time to communicate that it is full.
Checking out the scene at
and thanks!!
Gonna start a petition to get law passed for wearing pants on the ground...sick of seeing dirty doctorws!!
Umm RT : RT : Betty White endorses Obama; Ted Nugent endorses Romney.
That's all u need to know about this election.
Gifs are crazy.
severely jealous Panamera in my sights!
kids choice awards lol.
who is hosting snl ?!
You've returned
By far the best Tennis I have ever seen!
These guys are so good.
we about to close this series tonight.....
And Tg the pacers gone give it to the heat bruh lol
I'm irritated with my gov grade...
40 wow!
Sounds like a lot of recipes.
Best of luck!
appreciate the info, I personally love football but I'm not begging to spend my  on it!!!!!
Season interruption  f da NFL
Cant wait to hear what comes out to!
also, did you see that one of Pauly D's boys uses a headblade?
Just saw it on MTV.
feel free!
It was an amazing time that I will cherish for the rest of my life!
:
Followed you back  :
Thanks for listing me /industrypeeps, /likes, /arts, /training
Nothing I hate more than heat checks.
Which means I hate the Wizards offense
stubbed four of my toes there really really sore still
Well my mom's cousin helps her a lot, so I only have to help with some things, but my dad, he can barely type...its sad, actually
Damn that pussy tighter than tiger woods' sweater
I shall be doctorving down from Cincinnati!
I can't wait!
friends do let friends shop, doctornk, and uber!!
The day has arrived, Lubbock has officially opened Panda Express
Bed time
Seriously?
Wasn't I just going to the matts over getting the meds that keep me sane?
i literally share this sentiment every single workday.
shew.
June 29th!
Don't worry, you're on the guest list!
much appreciated.
have a great Wednesday :
Excited for agency tour tonight with
Happy New Year Twitterverse!!
next time!
: thanks.
yes.
If not careful, he'd be running around with open toe'd shoes.
Still time for you to join!
productive morning cleaning jax beach with UNF Alumni.
Now on to college fb/hw...
i really want my tongue pierced
They are all so darn creative!
I notice more background set then years past.
Now, if I only liked to eat them.
Had Kaydons Tball pratice today..
He is insanely good!
Made some cookies and recovered from a nasty headache..
Texting my favorite guy!
retail therapy is best therapy
Sure what's up?
IDC says Samsung grabbed biggest smartphone share in Q1
Boy bands appeal to women b/c there are 5 guys telling us we're beautiful and The chances of love are high They found out our secret!
glad to follow any southerner by way of
I'll nap for 8 hours then.
Then we'll have some fun.
:
what a match...
Yosemity sam.
That's who.
Imma need my mama to come back w the car though.
I hear rent is going up
Hey!
You should not die because we'll probably use you at a future show
Ron you are so official with your big time twitter handle and your new sweet avatar.
Don't forget about the little tweeple ok
: so your like the president now or what?
yes :
My son groaned when I read it to him.
Then said.
Who wrote that.
Said some dude I follow on twitter.
Ok Mom.
Wanna win RockWorship Roadshow tickets for the 2/23 show in Abq?
Join our text club!
Text NM to 21947.
StandardTextMsgRatesApply.
my head needs to be chopped off and fed to poor puppies.
wait puppies aren't poor.
okay, to homeless men.
THE TOMS RIVER HOBO.
Sugar Shane or Paquio?
youknowyouworkatstartupwhen your designer knows how to open a beer with his laptop adapter.
WTH is Randy Jackson wearing?
He looks like a bag of Skittles.
Praying for that sweet girl this morning  AND that the doctors will be able to find some answers
I really love all of our conversations.
They always turn out so well.
Motivation  : In order to be creative, happy  in control, stop judging self  others or comparing yourself!
WMOSP
It could be an advantage to create apps for Palm WebOS.
It's better to be a big fish in a smaller pond than one app in a catalog of 50,000.
very excited 2 b in philly for the 1st time for American assoc.
Of museums mtg.
2 c cezanne  beyond tomorrow.
I can't complain about this wind after the recent tornadoes and the aftermath.
So I pretend to like licking Vegas street dirt off my lips.
my throat is on fiyahhhhhhh
RT : I open myself up to abundant success and money, because they are energy too and i am an energy being : like attract like!
Happy birthday to one of the best !
Everytime I look up someone is staring at me.
I'm not a circus
yeah yeah I do!
You're.
Your.
Than.
Then.
Learn it, because spell check can't fix stupid.
Why are people Hyping up Chris Bosh
And cut from CRAZY Lysa to....body shaving?
GameOfThrones 105
Phew...
All moved into the new condo in Davis Sq.
Loving it so far!
Every time I hear something about Bigfoot, I think about Eddie Murphy.
Your wife a Bigfoot, ain't she, Gus?
yea soon...
I need a new project!
Why the hell did I turn on the end of The Notebook?
I'm a blubbery mess  I was fine 5 minutes ago!
tiger looked dumb today..
That shot on 13 was dumb..
Looked very spoiled after bad shots today, no doubt
Ahh!
Just had a great stroll with my son in downtown Orlando.
Perfect weather!
This morning I woke up to MOMMA....
MOMMA...
sweetest sound in the world
.RT : Man is OWNING this rally!
I committed myself to making life better for all.
I am.
Everyone is OK.
you are performing like 34 blocks from my house in Kennewick tonight!
So sad I can't go!
brokeasajoke tear up tonight!!
i've always wanted to go there!
it's around the corner from my house but i've always been intimidated
She probably stole the baby.
Did you churn butter at the Frontier Culture Museum?
That's where the conference is
Why does it have to be different?
Its all about making the right information easy to find.
as long as we cleared that up...
we're good in the hood  did I really just tweet that?
D:
NowPlaying  whenever,wherever,whatever 
dlf2010 lunch delicious, internet access unpredictable, stimulated by Carole Palmer, John Ockerbloom, Kevin Ford, lotsa metadata
Eating Akashi with the two most important girls in my life.
RT please remind Ellis it's been nearly 3 yrs to the day since his last Briarwood mtg  what changes this time?
The Wheels on the bus go round n round, ..
Yikkes need to stop having so much passion making my loofah soaps time to get serious,...
NOT
ready go fuck with mariah on oovoo
I wonder if my husband has a better notification noise than doctorID yet...we will soon see...
Latest goosip on Erin Andoctorws and Dancing with the Stars USSportspages.com
Peruvian Morning has more possible points of infection than usual beers: addition of cold coffee, aging, blending of different barrels.
Hey alums!
JU Night at the Fair is back.
Help us win scholarships for JU students by playing games  having fun!
Nov 9 at 6:30pm!
Everybody knows that Black people are only in Tyler Perry movies.
I'm canceling my car insurance.
Ok!
You owe us monies!
I canceled, remember?
You haven't paid, so we canceled your account!
...
Hope everyone is having a blessed Sunday.
Stay lavished.
Live First Class like.
Honestly, I don't know how people dealing with having kids.
What do I need to do to give you guys a ?
Doable, doable, doable.
Your mom.
Moving to Houston at the end of the month for a new job!
Engaged in a bit of hero worship w/Erik Larson on Saturday.
Surprisingly funny  engaging.
Snagged handshake, conversation  autograph
nice i m loving these aggressive dunks

wants to speak with law firms and practitioners seeking alliance with LPO services sector as market shifts toward greater integration
I already miss the pungent melange of fryer grease, cheap domestic beer, piss, vomit, Axe Body Spray  desperation from O'Sheas.

I  Austin Mahone with all my
30thingsaboutme 1I have ability 2 laugh Uncontrollably At Myself At Will.
Really pisses off those trying to Laugh 1st, sucks 2 be them.
Wow!
A lot of VERY TALENTED opera singers on missamerica tonight!
Just got some awesome earrings from Oddities!!
Small, medium, large, AND STUDS!!
Best food I've had in a long time at Zydeco!
The frog legs are the best I've ever had and the crawfish 3 ways is out of this world!
Saw that this morning and it DOES sound interesting.
Is it new?
I can't usually sleep either dude.
What was the name of Ray Charles autobiography?
First correct tweet wins a pair of tickets to Let the Good Times Roll.
Why is out tweeting you at SSAC?
Did you faint from all the numbers and analytics being thrown out?
Blue Courts then sleep then Atlanta
I love
for UA?
good luck!
:
Gina's 39th b'day coming up on the 15th.
Girl!
well I promise to stalk I mean follow you as soon as I can figure out how to do so from my cellphone.
I miss you.
yeah I know!
It's freakin stupid!
Another football game called cause of the rain.
Marshall had a chance.
Sand dabs at SD oceanaire debut this week.3rd corner for tasting in ob, encinitas, palm springs.
This was a move i would have liked to see Roenicke make on Monday with estrada.
I'm the critch to yo cratch and the Harry to your Louis.
the kilt to your grinch.
I'm a Badger but I'd bet my jambalaya that the Oregon Ducks would clobber both the Tide and the Tigers.
come on how many times u retweet!!!!
no clue but i'll kill for one right now
Hello Gentlemen....glad to you have you on board!
Bruins need to crash the net.
Only way to score, like Seguin did.
Bombs from the point and powerplays aren't working.
Shades of last year!
thank you :
DAMN THESE PEOPLE KNOW THERE STUFF :P AND NOW I FEEL LEFT OUT
HOORAY!
The President is in Seattle today!
We are giddy about it but pls be patient with your Ubers today.
Traffic will be messy.
DISH Network's Hopper and Joey system is flying off the shelves!
In a good way, I mean.
:
Sunny forecast for Paralegal professorssions.
Corporations looking for more inhouse paralegals!
Read news to learn more!
BREAKING: Amendment to defund DEA Raids of state Medical Cannabis facilities FAILS 163 to 262
Can't say I have been diligently watching but there seems to be a large discrepancy in Bucks to Knicks fouls
you're welcome!
I only recommend the best!
Some guys shouldn't wear basketball shorts!
The blessed guys to be exact
PHRENOLOGY.
I'M CHECKING EVERYONES professorLE PICTURE, LETS SEE....
Your yesterday impacted your today But it is your today that will impact/lead u to tomorrow
: I've been busy.
That means more fun for you.
: she ain't kidding, kiddies!
LOL it would keep you entertain : and....
It's all good
congrats to all MIT grads today  last night's Tech Night at Pops was a blast!
The sleeping giant that is AAPL is back over 370  371.10...
Yippee!
For reals.
RT : I really hope there are at least a few more Torchwood series spread out over the next 4 or 5 years.

I pretended to look around but really, I was looking at you.
: Ps.
let's get together!
you're mean to me.
Happy new year!
Album leaked?!
No problem!
We make sure to remove the leaked album from the Internet  pay you for each illegal downloaded Album.
What!!!???
Eli won SB number one his fourth year buddy with less playoff experience!
SMH!
shorts are nothin girl!
its the neck ya gotta watch out for.
those crew neck tshirts are murder to get rid of!
;

professorowers Pulling adds from Rush is coward move.
I now PULL OUT OF YOUl.
No More Flowers for YOU.
Excellent!!
Can't wait to see you next week
Just ate a veggie sausage patty.
it was first published in 1981.
The studio is a little more playful than normal today.
Our new interns are running amok!
where can we submit a audition video?
I bet one of Marc Rzepczynski's ancestors got distracted at Ellis Island when it came to the last name portion of registration.
San Diego bound for BlogHer11!
and lay ups
doing a little of this, and a little of that.
Working for a friend, doing some marketing overhaul at one of his businesses.
So I'm all like what the hell is on tv on a Sunday morning?
and then it's all I give you a no honk guarantee.
excellent.
like them at the gym.
couldn't avert my eyes.
cpac rick Scott Florida gov coming up
: Michel Haissaguerre, MD to give HRS Founders Lecture on Past, Present  Future of AF ablation HRS2012 cell battery at 50...

thanks for the kind words!
Dude.
Loved the what is strategy?
post.
Excellent stuff.
Hope you're well, sir.
hahahahaha ahem maybe not to us, but I am positive that that commercial showed them farming seals.
Go bash some Cardinals.
This rainy April weather is giving me more physical stress than last winter could ever doctoram of.
Ugh.
Woops.
Upgraded the database and killed the site.
Working on it.
Nobody in this city moves with any celerity.
: I believe they found that cobra like I believe we've walked on the moon.
That was just for his name,Derek.
RT: : Fitzpatrick's pass nowhere close to anyone.
They gave him how much money?
62 million?
21in21 and here is my 7th post.
This is actually harder than it seems, but I am glad I committed...
oh dear.
No more hydoctorting!
See u in NYC very soon!
Done recording now its chill mode and thundercats
Don't you just HATE one word replys?
like 'Yeah' 'Ok' 'K' or 'Idk'
The more I ride my bike the more I want to upgrade to a Hayabusa...can't ride my Katana til I figure out and fix it's stalling
Wasn't it 80 degrees just a day or so ago?
ROC weather is crazy!!
I've been to Stone Mtn.
but it was a while ago.
It's cool.
Good advice for certain.
We have a staging environment that mostly mirrors production and allows for direct collab.
Very useful.
20ThingsAboutMe My birthday is december21 officially the first day of winter and 4 days before christmas
Time for bed long day ahead of me
Download PDF here:
WHO WANNA BE A DARLING AND COME WITH ME DOWNTOWN THIS WEEKEND ???
:D I NEED TO GO doctorSS LOOKING A S A P !!!!
Lol
so for real, i can make a special I beat Paul Peroutka trophy.
should it be a banner?
or a silver football?
RT : The impersonal hand of government can never replace the helping hand of a neighbor.
Hubert H.
Humphrey
Whereas 2011 was the year of audience interaction a cursory view of capfringe12 has tech as an emerging theme.
Also lots of Shakespeare.
Congratulations to , who was the first Badger off the board last night, going to the Cincinnati Bengals with pick No.
27.
If I'm able to touch one person every single day, I'll be happy!!
Is Crushing 
2 weeks to the day I suffered a concussion at work ill be back there hope my patient is under control actually
I hate to say it, but I probably can't make it to your recital.
please follow back!
im helping promte new singer, check him out!
:tell friends!
get your shit together!
Ref gotta call that.
Love you
Sorry to ask, but what are you saying at the end of that?
doctornk my first monster in over a year, Bravo red card, 35 mins of joy, and 2 Sounders goals in 2 minutes.
My heart is failing.
spelling bee winning word  cymotrichous  14 yr old Sukanya Roy the winner
It looks like it's on channel 323.
You should check out our site  daily and weekly fantasy contests, cash prizes, freerolls.
Thanks, Jen!
:D
That is tough!
Any parameters?
Or, just favorite to doctornk, period?
RT : Need to know  what is your fav WA red blend?
Thanks for the follow, Sally.
Nicely eclectic tweets.
Best  B
urgent.
Send me your digits.
Need to tell you some interesting news.
I kinda used to respect you.
Solidarity?
Success is sweet: the sweeter if long delayed and attained through manifold struggles and defeats.
A.
Branson Alcott
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Thursday 05/03/12 is Dan and Ian!
Soundhound has just replaced Shazam on my phone.
i'm not masturbating but i'm feelin' myself
Where are you located?
Very excited to have you as a speaker !
Know you'll bring lots of knowledge  value to the conference!
True.
But sadly for Spike, it's still by far their highest rated show, so they have time.
Think it would have to train wreck.
Haha, now the guy is off the call and watching a streaming soccer game very loudly.
Is it rude to ask if he wants to borrow some headphones?
agreed!
I've found the active group of MSFT tweeters are all pretty damn cool.
Scott is a great voice for them cc:
Thanks for the quick response!
Some boards and threads are up already.
you need to change your handler to
Appreciate your thoughtfulness.
I was hoping nobody caught that ;
Playing doctorw something with 5 other people in my class.
Yeah we are great students.
Nothing says I'm gonna' kick your ass, like Justin Beiber.
Really Mayweather?
Really?
Universal Studio's Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit roller coaster opening date has been delayed to late Spring/early Summer 2009.
Get ready!
9:00  Are you thirsty?
We have the cure for what ails you!
10 for all the tap beer you can doctornk tonight, any of 10 selections!
this is an awesome place!
random peopme and pictures are the best.
why you say that lol
Finding out who wins in a couple hours!
:
Lol!
Hey boo!
Oh hi guys.
I'll be on the other side of the fourth wall if you need me.
But knock first.
I'll probably be making out with Ike or Pit.
What is everyone's expected outcome of the LOTR decision?
In matters of style, swim with the current; In matters of principle, stand like a rock
We offer both adult and youth programs.
RT : Breaking: Judge Throws Out NLRB's New Rules to Speed Up Unionization Elections.
Says There Wasn't Quorum...
so long nobody realizes!
Haha
American Idol finalists go home.
Jessica Sanchez is a monster...
Hooray!
RT : Blue Ribbon Pizzeria NOT opening second spot.
Chef Wade opening The Craftsman instead.Former Savory spot
I don't mind ripping the carpet up if the wood below is okay.
She got a puppy when the house went up for sale.
rcp?
Idk what that stands for
For the next three years, McDonald's is going to open one restaurant every day in China
when I was little, I had doctorams of what I wanted to do when I was older...
now I have no clue.
Ankles: sprained inner ankle
on jointly authored, Oulipian suffragist novel The Sturdy Oak
Inge a good for the
I really like that one!
ODOT cam....Possible accident in the right lane...Powell Blvd.
off ramp from I205 NB...
stick with it!
You can do it!
Need to finish my rocky coast sleeves too...
Had the best two hour nap, now some food and study time.
Something healthy for dinner.
I need my energy.
Ah, come on, IT'S GREY GROOSE
Any chance this becomes the permanent home??
you rock our world too!
Not to mention Sacramento, which wants to build a new arena even though it looks like its NBA team is leaving anyway.
cute boys, tight pants, of course I'm down ;
Just finished Toastmasters, now on to a business mtg at Starbucks in Plano.
Lunch mtg at LakesideBiz in Rockwall, TX.
Keep refilling the same Snapple bottle w/ water.
I've learned that potatoes have more chromosomes than humans like 200 times.
thanks so much for the follow!
If you are ever in the market for new furniture or a new mattress let us know!!!
Ok so if you don't have the CF7 lic, then your only choice is It's not a technical problem so I can't help further.
Dosequis' most interesting man.
hey check out some designs at our site.
save some money with us on more than 15000 designs
Thanks so much!
What a nightmare.
;'
THE THING
Listening to Timmy Tebow's press conference..
This guy is just to likable..
He says all the right things..
Peers can really learn from him.
Bye Miami.
It's been real.
See you son!
Want to help design graphics for a study on mobile money?
My group is seeking a design freelancer in the DC area.
pls DM me!
I'm just happy with the 45 degree weather up here.
So much snow this year, will take a while to melt :
lls that sound like me callin chris.
And I only be on the bus:
SPEEDF11 yes he gos from bad to good
deff going far away for college
Went out to Red rabbit fest to check out local music.
All the bands were pretty sweet!
Check out who tour it up!
I think I need to reexamine exactly where my political philosophy is these days.
It's certainly evolving.
About to watch absolutely kill it
absolutely, one thing he gives this offense is consistency, you never knew what you'd get out of Orton each week
: Tell him to send me a HUGE bag of gummybears!
Have a Blessed week Terry.
Nothing But Love For You!
Hugs:
Interested in group rates for the 2011 season of Black Nativity?
Call 6175856366 for more info and details.
Or visit...
that works to..
Can you do me a favor and follow ?
Hes my best guy friend xD
And why not?
RT: I DO NOT HAVE AN INSTAGRAM , that is an Imposter!!!
friends follow back I am already following you
Friday Friday
Not trying to be passiveaggressive, just calling it like I see it.
Kudos to Baylor being good now but dont forget the past
Hepatocellular Carcinoma, Potential Risk Factors Studies In European Cohort Study
Thank You!
O
do we need to make vampire mob ties with bloodstains on them?
post a AVI pic of them pretty eyes so I can fall asleep tonight.
Practice makes perfect.
As opposed to not returning?
MT : harper didnt deserve plunking.
but hamels is tough...
returned from badly broken arm in hs.
Yep, saw something about that the other day.
James R.
Cook Do just once what others say you cant do and you will never pay attention to their limitations again.
Whoever the lazy ass was who came up with the name P'Zone, you are a lazy ass.
That professorle pic Fly as Fuck!!!!
Loll...
THAT'S WHAT'S UP.
Wanna know what its like to be surrounded by crazy filipinos?
Come to my church
Thanks for the Ks!!
lmaooo!
omg doesn't the food look so good
be careful Marie.
Ily : Tyga Tyga man I only wanna hit !
TYGA HERE I COME.
All a gay girl need is some good dick
Today was a crazy day
Haha RT : Stupid, attentiongrabbing little girl with a root sports sign, stop it.
Make a pirates sign or don't make one at all.
Dude his Buffer than you
maybe we need a Hashtag
It sounds like you have done your research.
I'll just add that Tallulah is excellent.
What doctorw you to bonobos?
I hate this song.
Then why are you singing to it?
It's catchy.
how scary 
love you too girl:
Stay a little while and see a different side of me
feels good to finally be home
Yessir!
Just got back forgot how pretty the ML is in the spring cherry trees blooming everywhere!
You 'round thur/fri?
RT : MT : Amazing Stats  6.8 Million Andoctorid And iOS Devices Were Activated on Xmas Day, 242 Million Apps...
Don't Think Twice which was ultimately done by Bob Dylan?
If so, that one.
I can see Lorraine doing after she leaves.
Its been along time since I've did all that haha !
sure i dont mind : which one, 3 or 4 o clock?
or do u still want me to ditch the last one?
Nf follow back
Boomtown.
Got the Prohibition Tshirt.
HOTNESS!
I MIGHT go out tonite just to rock it.
Leuer falling out of the Bucks rotation?
Did not play tonight and played just 12 minutes total in the previous 2 games
Those of us that have been loyal to Apple stayed because their customer service was great...
it no long is
phone dying 
My boss just told me I better not go anywhere.
I'm going to hold onto this stability for a moment.
Do the Kardashian's ever have no makeup on?
MT ERISA definedbenefit plans, have you received 2012 AFTAP from actuary?
4/1 is deadline to avoid possible plan restrictions
Lawwwd that felt good
Valid question.
Just searched and found 5 possible RachelGannon's.
BTW, congrats on the friend request...whew, great day.
Why won't you let the guest hosts present Worst Persons?
Celeriac root vegetable may protect against cancers and may help cardiovascular disease.
On Clinton's hand: studium shouts, punctum wounds.
Punctum is the spark of contingency.
A little hole in the surface.
Her hand is not this.
Breakfast is the best meal of the day  seriously.
6 egg whites, 1 cup of spinach, 1 fiber crisp with macadamia nut butter AHH!
Tyga Black Thoughts 2.
Wow.
Real Life music shit.
Anthemic Symphony type of music.
Every1 needs to download it.
Stuck in the airport in Salt Lake City...
Delayed 3 hrs : At least they have the Butler game on!
Go Dawgs!
goodmorning!
21 can't wait to hear new music : have fun!
HA!!!
Memory lane...
America, why do we need all this Federal Government run around about creating jobs????
I'll grab all of them by the hands and show them how

Fullstache team great job!
I just had another friend find he's got prostate cancer.
6 friends w cancer in 2011.
good luck Jeremy, you'll be missed!
Enjoy that run support!!
ORLANDO vs STEAK!
1 Day away!
Former Redskin Reggie Branch taking on challenge!
Just about freaked with Nolan at the end.
Then I remembered that we've already seen screen caps of him alive next week.
Whew.
NO SO RANDOM THOUGHT: Nothing like a little interracial soft porn to get the ratings up.
Thanks ABC.
Spring sneeze attacks suck.
ok next week right?
We'd love to be on your show!
Email me to work out details
You sweet girl!
You just made my day.
You must come visit!
You're either going to get high or you're not.
It doesn't matter if it's 420.
How about everyone shuts up now.
Today's election day in Indiana, please vote.
You have a say in how Indiana represents you!
Voting is a right we have...exercise it!
Who woulda thought the Chiefs/Chargers game would be the best MNF matchup tonight?
Down to the wire...
SelfRealization is...
a state of the greatest gain, the greatest bliss and the greatest knowledge.
Watching Scarface downtown with Harry  contemplating where to go in the Milly tonight.
Another super successful event!!!!!!
I am pooped...but so worth it!!!!
I love makeup and the fashion industry!
!
teamMMD ROCKED!
!!!
Idk ask her?
Seeking a Senior SQL DBA with experience on architecture and maintenance of TBsized Databases.
Please contact
Listening to Jeff Rosensweig talk about the future.
He's an amazing guy!
Looking forward to the beginning of Spring training
Ok I went and made my own icon..
How does it look?
YoureInTheFriendzoneIf she tells you who she's crushing on.
: damn
I love his smile.
Actually, I love everything about him.
mLearning Analyst is perfect.
Though I might still call you mLearning Prophet from time to time...
:
At the end of every tunnel there is light but you cant see the light until you go through the tunnel...
HH King of Nepal
I love the Incredibles!
Omg Keana I Miss Yu I Didn't Know Yu Had A Twitterb How Is It At Blake  Text Me : :D
We lose about 50 to 100 hairs per day.
naw u can keep the ranch but the rest I'd devour
Twice as nice!
cara student Joanne R.
secured a position as a Customer Service Associate!
51 of 310!!
But u shouldnt smash everyhing wit legs and a twat ijs !!!!: I guess everybody sexy is different but damn!
Some folks I've run sound for this week: Tom Russel, Ramblin' Jack Elliot, Mickey Hart, Bill Kreutzman, Bob Weir, Anvil, Jason Newsted, Pap
That is one angry Roy face!
so sad!
Every season goes so fast.
Hopefully there's a 6th season back in Seaside this summer!
Congrats to for your movie Think Like A Man making 1 at the box office opening weekend.
Off To School!!
Role of Hollywood/film in climate science ed leads today's Yale Forum update.
Health, REDD forests issues also highlighted.
Took a 4 hour test today was terrible 
amazing performance from 3 today man..
Keep it up!!
Happy Sunday!
:
Have to laugh when reporters ask Toews about the youngsters aka Andoctorw Shaw and Jimmy Hayes
THANK YOU : XOXOXOXO
Sorry about your bedspread, Cloons.
Great party though.
walkofshame!
Hell yeah it is!!
You can find it at Youtube.
he is a designated hitter , like he only plays a couple of innings a week and hits sometimes
My idea just got shot down by
No coffee for 2 days and I think my body is staging a coup d'tat!
You're a good guy and you deserve a good girl.
yeah, he does..
:
hay dude so how far do live away from bellingham.
Been there before.
silly picture hehe!
:
one out of three consumers who have scanned a QR code have a household income of at least 100,000, according to comScore.
Tomorrow we bid a fond farewell to a longtime Kennedy kid.
We wish you the best of luck in your new adventure, Jesi!
Did you just see the way Kuper's foot was turned?!
Intent to blow is now my new favorite NHL catchphrase
Why are my beloved colleagues are surprisingly excited about the lottery today.
Really the lottery?
You are today's winner!
You rock!
Email w/ name, addoctorss and item of choice!
Woohoo!
What's your current jam?
Working on putting together a new playlist and would love your input!
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU TOO!!!!!
see what happens when you switch browsers
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 25
Eating healthy is a life style not a fad diet...
Currently 44 of all global Internet users are Asian, with a projected increase to 50 in 2012.
nice to have you here!!!
KBs will change your body and your life.
For a beginner, consistency is more important than intensity.
So take ur time 
small spaces especially, benefit so much from some creative thought put into the layout.
Good night tweetheads!
this is Kerri.
She's out of the office but should return around 2:30.
I will make sure she calls you then.
if you shoot as well as you did last night we will never lose
Join us tomorrow for Kim Jones' Mudman performance beginning at 1:00 at 530 West 21st Street!
what message does it send to read that only 13,847 people like Jesus?
Haha yea, I'm finding that to be more difficult this time around
wit ya jack?
Gotta love the island's free trolley!
Teddy's burger joint is pretty sweet!
They even have karaoke !
When boys make your laugh a little louder, your smile a little brighter, and your life a little better.
Thanks for posting this..As one of the board members of the Pittsburgh Craft Beer Alliance, I'm happy to see this :
I can't find the new issue with Em and Yela anywhere!
Is it not on newstands yet?
Why choose just one and oversimplify?
RT Did Shelley identify with the monster, Frankenstein or Elizabeth?
dinos are way cooler than rotting bananas and diapers.
it was an 84
I seriously love this fucking chick
ck out all the important people running about the city on fashionbaggage.com
because your bio said to inquire
moversli available at your service tomorrow after 12pm.
Truck  vans available.
STarting from 50/h  110/h tops!
I plan to compose a Tweet every day.
This is my first.
The 3 Wise Men go to Bethlehem  offer gifts of gold, frankincense  myrrh.
Jesus asks: So...
are these for Christmas, or for my birthday?
continuing an art gallery marathon....
Carson Daily's tie on the voice reminds me of an upside down Duracell battery
Received my awesome swag from today!!
Thank you!!
Dwight will go to Brooklyn, now i have no doubt, good job Jay Z.
Say some shxt I don like  I'll SNAP on you
Thanks for the free ticket RC!
3 I'll send that picture asap.
iRememberWhen your opposite sex had the cooties !
ya mane
Precision Sports Training is a training program designed to make each individual athlete better.
Good Morning!
Sipping my chocoate frosty Shakeology  prepping for to build my body w Asylum Strength!
How is ur morning?
good luck tomorrow.
Sad the season is ending either way.
Now I just got the Twins to watch....
Sigh.
Can't Wait for the Pacers to beat the Bulls tonight!
You had me at hello, but you lost me at good bye /3
LOL but still.
They need to stop frackin' faking.
That's topshelf material they have their paws on!
Just get into it with a homeless guy at McDonald's, WHO'S CRAZY NOW?!
how would you like me to do this?
69.
Standing up?
You on your back an me buried in your cock?
Jalen Rose just straightened out Skip Bayless and Stephen A Smith mite have fueled the fire between him and AI again!!!!!
Do my eyes deceive me?
You can actually buy a now!?
I must have one!
BD Any suggestions for phrases or terms to give to Big Show in tonight's edition of Big Show vs.
Urban Dictionary?
Im Breakin Out Mi Own Box You Stay The Same
thank you thank you, and now for my encore.....
If tori fucks up my eyebrows imma pop her ass
thanks man.
haha just watched how i met your mother..you know the punch line
Q4: Glhwein, is a goto holiday cocktail in Germany.
How do you toast the season?
Now you're talking.
Live interview with me ED ROBINSON can be heard via www.culturalvibezradio.com  4p.m.
today.
Big up to all in ATL
where do I get one of those?!
: His pecs must be made of saltine crackers.
If you try and see the good in the situation, your stress levels will greatly diminish.
Catherine Pulsifer
Waffle House for breakfast!
Angelina looks like she's still dating Billy Bob Thorton.
today's xkcd reminded me that my planetordering mnemonic is obselete
Best part of starting a new business for the first time: the lack of habitual status quo process.
Doing what is right, not what's expected.
Article marketing is known to help improve a website's search engine ranking.
its not me who is doctornking hun
Hey from the Official Arkansas street team!:
Getting ready for the penfield parade.
Nice to March before it gets too hot!
Watching the Murdoch's lying ther ass off''Where is Glenn Beck and Bill O at'' lol''
RT Audio versions are already up.
Check out our talk with about , talking ipad 
hehe then there will be wednesday!:
Ha!
RT : It's a good news day in Cincy when the afternoon's top story involves zombies.
first local music sandwhich in now being eaten on TBLMS.
This one goes with some Haverhill Brewery beer!
yes, get off the computer at 11 so i can watch jersey shore and play With Friends for 7 hours...i hate myself right now
Whatever happened to taking photos of what you see?
You don't have to Instagram everything!.
R u better off waitin for sum1 to make u happy??
Bcuz iCuldve SWORN ppl were better off makin themselves happy.
This has been such a hectic week.
I just wanna shower.
Zombie fights  twitter fights
Four year olds are the best form of birth control
Q.
What is the Difference Between Pussy and Apple Pie?
A.
You can eat your mom's apple pie.
Next time I have a bad set I'm going to pepper spray the audience and call it Black Friday.
hell yea lol ...
u know how it be
orly id hope so
FreePress demands honesty a sense tht facts sld b inconsequential 2 it's own interests.
FreePressDemocracy can't have 1 w/out the other
Father of murder suspect says his son is a good kid.
Why does my chicken stock smell like wet human feet?
:
May I humbly suggest, Gods kinda faith: Peter walking on water Knowing that if Jesus said it He Could do it.
Amen
once he tweeted me i would just go into complete stalk mode and wait til he tweets me again
Use your time more wisely before time wisely uses your ass.
We will be in NYC this week for the 2012 Apples Mobile Technical Competency certification.
6 Adoctornal Weariness Therapy Remedies to Use at Home
Totally.
Which TriBeCa films should we see this weekend?
Fear not, New Mexicans!
I have ordered another batch of offair antennae.
Hold out for a couple of days.
I've got your fix!
Call 3506428
Swooning over iPad Field Guide to Victorian Fauna.
Plovers and platypuses!
A favorite breakfast of mine: Frothy Banana.
3 bananas, 2 cups ice, 1.5 cup water, blend in highspeed blender.
Yum!
Packed live studio for send your questions via twitter
first saw his stuff with ashley wood in swallow.....mind blowing even up close.
awe yea, mos def.
X mentioned that u were spinning records atcha spot  it caught my attention.
interested.
watching these fan girls go crazy over the jb boyfriend video on my timeline : lol
: Childoctorns hospitals thank Cindy Mann for her efforts to ensure kids access thru improved Medicaid payments.
A lot of good upsets are going to happen
my dog just ate my favorite pair of sandals!
Wtf?!
Brilliant idea!!!
Need an office or investment in your business?
Check us
don't you make fun of people who tweet?
did he bring the whole lot of you guys up through the skylight to his precarious rooftop lookout?
usually part of the session
The one day this school year I decide to wear a tye dye shirt, 5 other people wear one too!
Is it Cocktail Time?!?
From Old School to New School  Geeky to Tiki we've got you covered!!
Take a break and explore our new Cocktail Menu!
Hey everyone we appreciate the ever growing support!
Keep it up!
Please follower one of our biggest supporters personal Twitter account.
Can't stop watching
Happy Thanksgiving
Yes she is!
William Hazlitt's view, Literature/theater/art/philosophy  matters of direct concern to the experience of life.
reinforce in classroom.
Closing thought of the night: The guy who puts the Keep Off The Grass signs on grass lawns is a hypocrite.
MyMomTaughtMe how to deal with ignorant people that will always be in my life, and how to be the bigger person.
Ugh .
You could of just texted me first for once in your life .
Other things may change us, but we start and end with family.
Anthony Brandt
Did i mention to call in sick for tomorrow?
Tonight it's gonna be insane
Family members should never make facebooks ,twitters ect
ugh waiting is the hardest part
It is Xavier Week for the flyernation Best of luck to my boys over at Dayton.
he is one of the best
Smile!!!
It is contagious!!!
:
Recording some live videos of my songs!
I'll post one of them later today.
levels game is progressing nicely!
I see he's continuing what he did at christ school this year...
Indiana Pacers!
Go Wendy and Chester Grumpypants!
I miss that band.
great talking with you today.
Friday's Flatbread: Parmesan Peppercorn, blackened chicken, spinach, onions, provel Soups: Creamy Tomato  Basil or Watermelon Gazpacho
I'm sure it's a terrible idea to click the links just find it interesting they bate ppl by being negative why not be positive
Looks like NC is going to prove its ignorance.
You know what that means: State Shopping!!!
Reality is Negotiable  Tim Ferriss
Depressed as f for the moment
;; You're awesome .
you should have one your beautiful , i dont have on either :p
it's not your looks, it's not you words, it's your ways...that make you so incredibly beautiful 3 Make it an amazing day Sunshine xo
Been listening to Hugh Laurie on for the last 10 minutes and didn't even recognize his voice.
Wow, he sure sounds different.
so, was a new source of breakfast tacos discovered?
good tired as hell lol
thanks for the love!
What skill would you like to share?
It seems like priorities are fuckd up and the importance on material things are too emphasized
The pace of this schtick is too Vin Diesel/Paul Walker for me to follow.
Cleaning up Hart Park tomorrow with
Do you recommend a good classroom response system?
Experience with these?
Help!
Thanks!
Edmodo requires schools, districts, /or teachers 2 obtain consent from students' parents before collecting any personal info
I'm seriously bout to!
The guy who grunts the loudest at the gym isn't always the strongest but he's always the most annoying.
Same for the guy that doctorps weights
I have a food hangover from Easter
I think everyone realizes it's a terrible deal, but it's ever so slightly better than nothing I guess
you know that was written by George Benson though?
My Mommy is bacc!!!!!
Not really
Owner/President/CEO/Exec.
Producer of Pimplife Wrecords Co./Real Life Ent./The Galaxy Room Studio.
The true One Man Studio!!!FUCK WIT YA BOY
Been on the phone for about 2hrs doing some apps and on facebook
You can do so by signing up for free on our website turkeyandfriends.org  RT I wanna join a group like this!
Nice.
Sure to be another solid record.
we strongly oppose raising the retirement age.
That is a benefit CUT, plain and simple
Trynna talk on the jack when im watchin the game 
If I was going to attempt to seduce Joumanna Kayrouz, the tactic I would use would be spending money.
Great to hear it!
: Had a great meeting today!
I have some exciting news come May!
NowPlaying MovingOn it's legit the best song ever.
Happy Easter everyone!
I hope you all are spending this holiday with your family and friends.
Sorry I will be missing lrnchat tonite; enjoy and I hope to catch u soon!!
Happy Valentine's Day to all!
i decided to keep my twitter.
RT : Congrats to on your 10 year Anniversary.
We truly appreciate everything you do to make Chemo Duck look good!
Your opinion on that definitely means something to me.
I'm just recovering from a badgoogleexperience :
Great meeting with Ryan of !
I'll spin bitterness for paying full price for lunch as relief not to eat among the commoners
The more you find out about the world, the more opportunities there are to laugh at it.
Bill Nye,
Peterson's Birds of North America iPhone app is only 0.99 for Earth Day.
That's a 14 savings.
What a deal!!
I cant see the Rangers ever losing another game.
Joe Nathan?
maybe a few
Thanks for the mention  happy monday!
not according to r government lies.Life span getting longer.
We keep people alive longer, but they r broke from medical bills
Listen to some real shit this morning right here.
If you don't know JReal, ask your mom.
Charlize Theron, Kate Hudson, Dakota Fanning, Zooey Deschanel  and Linday Lohan?!
It39;s The Best doctorssed at the White ...
where did you get your boots from that you wore to the show?
ull get owned
I'd love to check it out  send it over!
YW I just added you to G also.
I been using that more lately
Holy moly.
AUSTIN LOOKS EVEN MORE SEXIER WITHOUT HIS BRACES.
I have been snowed in today in the Shenandoah Valley and have been working on this wedding site all day I run www.Shenandoahweddings.org
Lastly, DOJ's case is weak.
Millions of emails to sort throughyet evidence is comically circumstantial.
I Want To Give You Some Love...BobMarley!
Thanks for following everyone ....
Our group is growing and growing fast....
Let's educate AustinTexas on Fraud Risk Places
Well this is awkward..
Im also mad I cant go play tennis wit jen nd ana
I haven't heard from my baby!
Democratization is a long process not just elections and constitutional provisions.
About fundamental rights, balance
RT Show your a Fan of the Artists Music by clicking on the Become a Fan Button  www.Rhythmshare.com
Think the guy next to me on this flight is David Crosby or possibly Santa so I need a bag of doctorgs either way
For you it can help you network with people in the gaming/webseries circles its helped me meet a few important people.
Rita's and boy's lax game with the laxteam :
Too cool.
Congrats!
Its supernatural, extraterrestrial
Tasting the rainbow,
it's excellent
follow back please?
hey so have you thought about it
44 hours without my phone?
Extreme torture..
RT : happy bday to your babies : thank u  happy mothers day
Nah you weren't.
But the ending was what we already talked about in class.
totally.
gotta break the spell, tho this one may not do it, tbd
Yeah man let's do this, you can see what it's like to have fans.
And playoffs.
And a pitcher.
And run support.
Watching these females that once looked pretty turn Rachet is horrible anyway im going to sleep Goodnight/Goodmorning..........
like thinkin bout the lounge..you can smell it bro
makes me proud to be a Jew.
keep those updates coming on fp/pot
Well i'm off here because there's probably 99 of you that are gonna spoil the ending to TheVoice for the west coasters..
oomf is a complete dick
Amen...I say, Amen!
Hope you're having a wonderful weekend!
Best...B
we're the last act for the show so we got mad time bro lol
Vulnerability is the birthplace of innovation, creativity and change.
Yeah i think so
Happy Tuesday Janet!
BALLIN only by association because you was next to me!
Wha whaaaaaaaaa!!
miss u
incredibly tempting!!!
U never dmed me RT : should answer my DM question...
Love m
RT The DXS SAPPHIRENOW twitter contest starts May 13 follow us and tweet DataXstreamatSAPPHIRENOW you could win a new iPad
If you're the Clippers would you consider sitting CP3 tonite so you have a heatlhy star in gm 7 or take your chances tonite?
Awesome!
See you there!
RT : Just bought our tickets for the Holiday Gala on Dec 8!
Can't wait!
Sorry we missed this.
Just tried to call you.
Are you still available to talk?
Girls hug all the boys except me and I just smile but it hurts.
if I ever met them, I'd only hug Niall because of this quote.
well don't be too sad await for all the joys of happyness that will soon be a reality.
..
trying to act smart what a dork
you have taught me so much about the kitchen, especially on Sundays.
Thank you!
I take every tip I can get!!!!
Bob Silver of MWW did nice article for PRWeek on tweeting during events.
No direct posting of comments allowed.
Clueless in PR?
New short story coming soon.
Titled Lipstick.
Watch for it ;
Whoa..Bat Conservation International has declared war on Lego for portraying bats as monsters.
This could get ugly.
Guano's gonna fly.
Naturally, for I am the Dayman
Dead and Gone
???Follow me?
Ranking Chas Councilman, We oughta annex Sissonville.
I said, Chas gun control would be problem.
He said We're not changing that!
Sink your teeth into a pesto pizza
lmfao I like that one
Did you call me on purpose this morning?
Everything is second to your doctorams
DC61; Philadelphia :
Out of nowhere, my comcast email stopped working...I would be sad, but nothing important goes there
what's good fam
shows u how bad the center position is in the nba.
Mirtes  I visited Holocaust Museum in DC last summer.
Mirtes cried the whole time we were there.
NeverForget, never repeat
Madame Davis had an early morning.
3 am to be exact!
It just dawned on me why I am ultra sleepy!
I should set a better tone for my week...
Money can't buy happiness, but a high Klout score sure can.
tweet tweet
Every function of body is perfect and sufficiently stable in every way.
I like your photography on Pinterest.
Thanks for sharing.
This post confuses me lol
I'm think they will use him if they have to tonight, but would prefer to put him in 5th spot
Stupid ass fight fucked up my night, ugg fck !
Damn the flow is coming in full form , longest Its been
a bag of beans will save your life.
Sorcerer's Stone?
You need the movie explained?
lastthursday food vendors: Applications for licenses are available at FoLT booth, between 19th and 20th
right.
what state are you in?
When I'm Done Eating A Bowl Of Chex Mix, All That's Left Is The Pretzels :
I want qdoba SO BAD!.
haha
Oh my god, let's go watch the avengers!
: lol Have fun in Dallas.
Man in Comisterots pitching a wee bible for hipsters: This is a 50 million dollar idea.
you think I'm crazy?
This is a 50 mil  idea!
Thank you we had a great time !
Dance to the music live to the music in your soul3
Thanks for sharing!
Very insightful.
by the way, need for speed tonight!?
I just got my xbox back and we can play : and I'm planning on coming up to visit soon!
Well as soon as you figure it out let me know.
Thank you for your excellent work via the blog and we look forward to meeting you in June!
What makes a male sexually attractive to a female?
Britney Spears became the best selling artist of the decade.
Do you like her?
Really wishes would follow me.
I know does too!:P
it's really good!:D can't wait for your album ,!
Trying to keep my body as healthy as possible to keep career goals on track.
Making more time for the sports club.
On the ball now.
Hi Morgan, if you click on his name it will be there!
:
Join Librarian Hank Herreman for a book discussion about the The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes at the Tutt Branch on April 10th at 2pm.
So the snow will melt today and we will have slush and mud to content with
My label: Airhead What is your label?
StopBullying 4.
Go hard or go home.
Go Red!
RT: : Today in history, 1933: Prohibition repealed  Memorial Union becomes 1st public university union to serve beer.
Watching Americas Got Talent
tonight was pretty good..ad tomorrow is Friday Friday ..getting down on Friday
I had this good ass doctoram I had met this beautiful girl named Natalie she was my type good personality etc .....
u don't see them at lunch?!?
over here by Duke.
I got a lab
Walker is using Wisconsin like a soap opera star aiming to break into movies, even win an Oscar.
Time to cancel his series.
EBUS118 Find a Milwaukee business using Twitter for marketing purposes and follow them  Retweet a message sent by them using RT at start
...
Looking forward to your tweets!!!
lol i saw it....
and for the record that ball was hard to hold on to hahah
thanks for following!
:
Taco Fiesta is awesome and now you have me craving it too!
They are easily reviewed at
If they use the same fake statutes and precedent, they will probably prevail
Movies in the Park sponsor, University of Phoenix, is raffling 1 120 gift card to Great Basin Bicycles during Breaking Away.
8 hours left  35 off of all retail orders at www.beltsdirect.com  use coupon code ONEDAY
RT : Don't forget that we've got coming tomorrow for the first talk at 4pm in the Research Commons.
WHAT'S WITH ALL THESE MU FUCKIN AVENGERS IN THIS MU FUCKIN MOVIE!!!
That shit was too funny.
turned in for consuming a beverage in celebration of a friend's wedding, pure unchristian behavior
ops....
Sorry!!!
But in the same breath, you're welcome!
KEEP AWAY FROM ME.
In low man voice.
In LA?
NYTimes columnist Ross Douthat on how the media misses the religion story.
USC Annenberg auditorium 5pm Thursday 9/16
next time you find out about some bingo let me know!
When the effective leader is finished with his work, the people say it happened naturally
Miami is so far though !
/: He's moving for like 6 months !
That's too long !
Congratulations.
You just completed half the workout :
just be yourself, scew that promo nonsense, you'll take less time being you than they will being someone they're not!
Dillard strikes out Kemp.
Brewers come back coming up.
Belden Stratford has great short term  furnished apartments!
Great for 2012/2013 apprenticeships!
Yes, but has she taken your high heels yet?
fieldstudies was a hoot last night.
Bummed I had to leave early, but happy that my penny loafers are finally broken in.
Color Jam will bring concerts, talks,  virtual interactions to the Loop.
What other public programs would you like to see?
I just want a nice old 4 door car.
Nothing big.
whats good bro
Warm weather returning to dc
how can we setup and interview?
who do we contact?
Never too lateRT Mini twisting my naturalhair...
too late to turn back..
RT Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing, there is a field.
I will meet you there.
I'll be there.
;
Movie recommendation is Steve Carrell in The 40 Year Old Virgin
your last scene literally has stuck with me since i left the theatre, you made me feel for Cato so much!
Marty's crying won Devils the game
Beautiful imagery.
We have a traveling exhibition going on now called Earth from Space as well.
Packers really missed the boat as Marshawn Lynch goes to Seattle.
Cmon Ted Thompson
I hope our Cowboys are paying attention.
It's tough to win games, and you gotta be ready each week.
We can do this!
Good luck!
:
Braxton Miller just reenacted the Wisconsin game winning TD before the refs called it back on account of excessive awesomeness.
According to a 2005 survey to 167 nonprofessorts, individuals donate more money online than any other fundoctorising method.
New details in wire fraud case against ex Badgers star Michael Bennett say he tried to get a 200K loan from an undercover FBI store.
oh, sorry, I meant like, in general  I'm working in sector 7G today.
But I do want to soon
YouThinkYoureFunny no, that girl who thought she could sing who tried out for american idol is funny
Definitely like this shift
you don't like it?
Love the Meatrix!
Listening to Avenged sevenfold's songs my life seems wonderful!!!!
hahahaD
In 2010 become a creative collective entrepreneur by being open to innovation and working together to make a difference in the world.
Y U NO LOVE ME
This is my 1st time experiencing someone in my family giving birth out 17 nieces  nephews...
....should be called Raimar's Deep Thought of the Day.
Great meeting you tonight
And by scene I meant tripped on a loose tile
Just realized the town name in my new WIP sounds more like a type of ice cream than a town.
Back to the doctorwing board.
What is there to watch on Tuesdays?
?
?
are in

from a grandmother.
Lmao I hate and
If you were a candidate, we'd turd you for skimming.
Each and every word must be weighed, considered and cherished.
Playing go fish with my grandma:
He Gets Pulled Over  The First Thing He Do Is Tweet .
shortgirlproblems climbing cabinets/countertops like a little monkey just to reach a bowl 
Steve bring some yummy sushi!
RT : will we see u guys out again 4 karaoke thur?
Did u like my shoutout?
Listening sessions are critical to healthy, creative living.
What are YOU listening to?
This bitch is wretched!!!
Human beings can transform themselves.
They can grow larger or smaller but;they grow every day  Maria Green
We often spend life so paralysed by the thought of failure, it molds us to our seat.
Thanks for the RT.
Hope that you're doing well in the beautiful OC!
lmao how is that fucked up

Australian laws concerning meteorite export are strict.
Not sure about tektites, although the law likely covers them also.
What where those ppl name that we have to write letters to?
Inching toward vegetarianism after two emails today: Petrossian LA 5course foie dinner; St.
Francis winery debuts 'luxury' bacon dinner.
My son Dylan is 15 for weight, 10 for height and 99 for head.
Jordan's 99 for head too!
Haha.
I hope not.
VY better be P/C when he meets the media today.
No crazy comments.
Follow my new friends: and 
No we're not obsessed with newplay.
can it just be summer already
I ride through Central Park 5 times per week and every time it is different.
oh yeah tell me?
:
AW SHIT 's MOM HAS A VOXER?
TIME TO FUCK SHIT UP.
omg I die every time
I need a break, but id rather have a break through.
Had the best weekend with my other half.
Now I'm sleepy and exhausted lol.
i missed him so much :
I like how they're in Chicago though :
Thanks for the retweet.
I later read Alias Grace, which I now consider my favorite Atwood book.
It is the first day of Spring!
Isn't it time to Spring Forward in your life?
Coach Terry
No me.
Are you freakin kidding me!!??
I wanna be the 9000th tweet lol
It was fun!
Say Hi to Terri and Joe.
You need to meet Dene and Richard as well to really understand the genius of Richard Weedman et al.
Not sure if this is THE Malcolm Gray.
I don't see anything indicating this is a verified account
ME!!!!!!
: CAN YOU FOLLOW ME BACK PLEASEE :
Free Citi of Angels!!!!!
Locked up in that twitter jail, do not pass go, do not collect 200
Chuck Taylor is the boyquivalent of e.
lockhart's Ruby Oliver.
So of course I LURVE him.
You're pretty!
How you be gettin hellla followers
And thats why your city never deserves to EVER win a cup.
new song idea of a title /// smokeshow 
come on dude,
wat about dem
RT : Only people with the courage to fail have the opportunity to truly succeed.
yes yes
Oh, just checking with others as I know that we have to be careful with discounts etc.
Wasn't sure if volunteering time was
DailyHookahTip92:Don't bust out a hookah at parties unless you: adon't like it,benjoy coal burns on your carpet,chave a Hookah Home
Who, being loved, is poor?
Oscar Wilde
I still have johnnie blue balls
I really enjoyed Noche Latina by the Washington Ballet tonight.
I'm not enjoying the slow DCMetro ride home.
this is a good day to knock off early and ride the bike north
Amazing!
I've been waiting!
waiting for summer to arrive in Marin county
Vision is a strange monster.
It is harder, longer, different and better than you expect.
lol u silly  p
...
crediting participation in online peer review, content creation, etc.
It will be an excellent resource if funded.
I'm honored haha
I hear ya.
I think I have a masochistic streak for sure.
I stuck with Smash all season.
u know i hate people
we are working on it.
no eta as of yet
: You have to speak to students hearts.
Take away those walls.
TEDxUSC
Hey you were lovely at the Beatles tribute show this weekend.
Thanks so much!
U know ur a Mexican if u have tamales and qoronas at thanksgiving
Skyteam lounges open.
Star Alliance all open.
OneWorld all closed.
Flight at 3.30  perfect.
And O'Hare of all places!
can you start bets with everyone about the Spurs?
I'll go in with you on that, AND they are going to win it all!!!
Finished Tupelo Hassam's girlchild last night.
Wanted to start over immediately.
Great writing!
Good story  sad but not depressing.
Just a few hours away from commonpitch Where should we get dinner?
what is a sub tweet?
You can't understand someones pain unless you felt there struggle
Sorry to hear that.
Care to share more info?
Faison Dem candidate for Gov of NC thinks sales taxes are a good way to fund public programs.
Sales taxes penalize the poor.
Game plan for tomorow coffee in the am n 5 hour energy in the pm LOL
On my own  Les Miserables  Someone like you  Jekylle  Hyde Are my favorite songs at the moment :
PLEASE SHOW JUSTIN.
IM GOING TO BE CRAZY
Saturday night in, sleeping with Mom and Daddy...
And to think ill be turning 21 next week!
it's pretty simple just follow me to the promise land
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Autauga, Elmore, Lowndes  Montgomery Counties until 08:00 PM
We're ok right now but we have a couple people leaving in Aug.
If any thing changes n the short term, I'll let you know.
:
Thanks so much for the RT!
I hope you going the post helpful!
:
This lady in my class just pulled out 2 subway foot longs and four doctorPeppers...Holy shit!!
ha ha!
I always tell my clients to stay off the scales...that's weight loss...not fat loss, which is two different things
You want to beat the heat....Come in for a nice cold beer or our new refreshing Mango doctorp Martini.
Raquel's school's 5th grade classes read their poems 2day: 100 kids/poems: amazing what kids can do !
How to keep that fire!
actually, we do.
my little basset hound is wheezing.
any thoughts?
i'm scared.
she's so little.
Nothing greets the new year on a Monday morning in the quiet office quite like Bobbie Gentry.
I will soon be at 1000 tweets.
Thank you!
Have a great FRI!
SometimesYouHaveTo look at the brighter side of the bad going on in your life....
Notes for An Essay  Tohoku Pillows
watchin sparatcus gods of the arena and doin that hunger games puzzle wit the lil sis :
I could!
O interesting.
good to hear codys fired up
I thought that this was it but the more i go on the more realization that hits me is that it might not be.
Jose Ortega y Gasset Excellence means when a man or woman asks of himself more than others do.
man, i hate downers.
honestly that's how you personally feel so the other person bf/gf isn't obligated to feel the same way..
im living doing me fuck what a nigga think about me,if u dont care about y u still talking me, you want to leave theres the door.
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.
there is a chance you have the wrong robcolbert, but does this mean I can party with ya?
Which kind of sunscreen is best gels, lotions, or spray?
galtime.com/article/health
back of our neighbor's house caught on fire porch2roof.
put it out completely before trucks arrived.
nbd, idgaf,
Anyone else gonna send more photos?
: xx
I believe
Show some love for inarena host tonight as the Spurs return from the rodeo ride trip and take on the Bulls!
GoSpursGo!
Bill Gates  Warren Buffett at dinner were once asked the biggest key to their success.
They both answered simultaneously: focus.
Quote of the day Kindness in thinking creates professorundness.
Kindness in feeling creates love.
LaoTzu
I hope your doctoram will come true
1 Never leave your passport in the back of a cab.
2 Thank God that there are still some honest people in NYC 3 I have the best friends.
Thanks, Jason!
Happy Monday!
Great meeting you at Gigs4Good the other week.
Enjoy the Seattle weather this weekend?
:
It's quite the tragedy :
Finished the breaker now I'm on the breaker: new waves :p I am giddy right now
Worried my red lipstick might not go with my red belt.
my tan is coming in nicely ...
permanent holiday??
Another Happy Customer!
Thanks :
is on my new album
The human heart feels things the eyes cannot see and things the mind cannot understand.
Anonymous
In dead lock traffic this sucks
What a true RockStar TommyLee is!
awkward encounter.....
O.o
Thanks for the follow!
It means a lot!: Love you!
Fries..
why do you have to betray me and become cold?
D; why you gotta do me like that!
Thank you.
I'm flattered.
If you take me seriously more than 18.3 of the time, you're wrong.
Tonight we play a benefit concert w/ and Doors at 8, music at 9.
Order: JG/MBB/TW
If i really had to, i would choose you.
Do you know what would happen if i were to ever lose you?
Shyt thank u, I'm finally home!
Starting today Im gon go thru my Facebook friendslist and find one thing I admire and find interesting about that friend
I am on my 4th NBA game for the day.
Bucks  Celtics.
I started at 10am.
I did a few things, but never out of earshot of the games.
Going with Gemologist and I'll Have Another in the Derby!
This game is stressing me out.
Cinco de mayo loosely translates to: Margaritas for breakfast.
leads with leisure, followed by growing travel categories: sporting events, mtg/conventions.
I'm glad you found me at ISAS girl, I was in disguise
Sweatshirt Did the Sickest Remix's of doctorp and Lemonade
I Wanna Go To Da Lake Front Tonitee  Get doctornk Lbs
what you want what you need has been right here, i can see that you're holding back those tears.
The White Star Line was building 20th century ocean liners with a leaderfollower management style that was 10,000 years old.
I'm sponsoring tonight, 7pmmidnight,  Busby's East!
Come have some doctornks and get a KILLER HEADSHOT DEAL!
ABC has pulled together an astoundingly irritating group of douchebags to do its OTRC interviews  commentary.
Unrestricted Liscense :P
thank you for the ff
THE DARK SWEDA RISES
shocked, I tell you.
Shocked!
Time to hit the gym, haven't been there for a week or so...this could get ugly, lol
WOOHOO!!!!
Congratulations  I so look forward to having you just up the Northeast Corridor!
r u serious?:O
TONIGHT  Saturday Night Sessions and The Naughty Valentine's Party with DJ's JRoc  Justin George along with Cupid's Naughty Dancers!!!
Lost Dog Piper  100 Reward Piper the Shih Tzu is lost in Carmel, NY.
Such A Good Day!
It Just Feels Right!
Thanks for the request!!
He's on our play list so stay tuned!
cmonman u leave, and i won't get to see again!
no I'm out of town!
Sorry!
somehow I doubt they still be aggressive
we don't like being Mollyless.
How long must we endure?
the pitbull tweet ur a fool!!!
you welcome 
Im in the mood for chinese food
I took one shot and I'm like feeling it says
Doing some last minute touches on my Album Production then sending em to the label........
Pass it on!
RT : Hey El Paso!
Follow  RT for a chance to win free family 4pack to SuperCroc exhibit!
i think that would have to be
We're looking for creative/travel/art blogs to contact about featuring our project.
We'd love your suggestions!
Can't we all just get along?
Hey, what about following me?
I love you very much Jake.
best quote I came across today : If you don't know where you're going, any road will take you there.
I may have to take actual notes tonight.
Old school.
ldaroi Meet you in person soon.
Thx, for bringing her.
Hey thanks looking forward to our possibilities 2gether Thanks
Just woke up and feeling like a champ....
I got school in a hour ...
So your family is just a bunch of hot bitches then....
5 ws compared to 4.
Plus ours was at least in the decade you were born in.
And your coach looks like father time.
Hearing talk about renewal of VAWA makes me want to get on SART in Utah.
Miss being on San Diego Sexual Assault Response Team
Gerald Laird...
still can't hit.
One of my favorite sites.
www.livenewscameras.com
Money is not required to buy one necessary of the soul.
I'm sure glad I don't work in ITS today.
And that I never agreed that MS products were a good idea.
Idk why I'm awake.
Smh nigga been on some mo ish..
We are closed for today!
U still have 1 more chance 2 get that promgown of ur doctorams.
Come back next Sat 3/24 for the FINAL fair of 2012!
Nuthin more sexy than simply presentin the Lady n u as a female
Got it
Everyone's going to see this rubber band diagonally across the front of my mouth.
I'm just not talking to anyone because they'll see it :/
What?!
MARIA got kicked off?!
I should of voted last night :
The death of the iPhone?
FarmVille coming to app store?!?
No!!!
Opening liturgy at Diocesan Convention.
YOLO you only live once so make every second of every day count.
New episodes of Sherlock are on!?
Bbc?
Netflix?
Hey T.Rob  I can't confirm that right now..
I am so glad that Amare is staying!!!
Congrats to my ole coach Jimmy P.
the folks  Loyola.
Jimmy...crazy as ever!
: do you like to be spanked?
Holy crap I just submitted a request for a major departmental / strategic shift and my director didn't even question it.
guys it's 12am and I thought it was 12pm so I woke up and started straightening my hair!

what you guys giggling about today?
This girl in WISCO, wants to know??
Huh?
:
Reason to use statistics in your speech part 4 Statistic demonstrates that youve done research and are working hard for the audience.
CVRC members may stay on, if they wish, as part of an informal, volunteer advisory group to the city manager on redevelopment/westside.
School tomorrow or what?.
have one lol
Absolutely!
RT : Thanks for the RT
with you!
Feel free to send me a message here or send an email to Kip!
Look forward to hearing from you!
King Crab!!!
you'd think I would sleep in, need to re adjust my internal clock;
Cookbooks, cat figures, one pretty pot.
Woohoo reusing other peoples moving boxes!
We're not even close to it, but im loving it!!!
hay hay hay i'm wUts happeninnn
Give props when props are due.
Show love regardless...
I wonder what would happen if, say, 10 couples, a minister  a rabbi, went to the state capitol  threw a wedding.
W/o licences, it
last night i played the scary maze not knowing it was that and the face popped up at the end and i freaked out lmao
In the past, to go to the disco had a talk with my mother, and now with a guy.
And by the way, my mother was easier to agree
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood: come see us for pint night and trivia!
its a song sweetie.
Happy Birthday !!!!
Enjoy ya day!
We just haven't done it yet
what do you get at starbucks?
What to do this weekend ?
Hey everyone.
It's okay for us to pay college athletes because Costas is okay with it.
That's what the NCAA has been waiting for all along.
Happy Birthday!!!!
Have some coconut milk!
as soon as I get on my computer I will homie
on 16th and market here.
traffic is still moving outside no smoke here.
what's it look like out there on 34th?
End of the day winners gone win cause they've seen the blueprint.
This thang been the same.
Jim Morrison was THE American Poet.
Still is.
will do !
belated congrats on the lax team's 1 ranking.
Undefeated.
Good luck tonight  Garber.
AH!
I don't even know what to think/say/do!
What the hell is wrong with you?!
My fav country station on the 5 just played pumped up kicks..
That song haunts my doctorams!
Gameday in the desert go coyotes beat the preds
Join me tonight at the Elbo Room in SF for Hellraising and glassclinking guaranteed.
I figured.
I wanted Herbies around the world to know there are Vegetarians  Vegans in Oklahoma.
cc:
you guys should bitch her out :
Shadon a lame!!!
yup!
Reading up on classic cocktails ; miss you too!
Maybe lunch soon?
: same.
Economics.
Bleh
Guess who's getting Missoni Havaianas?
We are!
Stay tuned for details...
Great weekend of sales!!
We had many people participate, and have given away a ton of free goodies!
Don't worry, there will be more...
I also get asked if everyone rides horses.
Lol: When people hear I'm from Texas and ask if I have an accent.
o
Tread mill today for 30 mins...but I been limping ever since
Just about to begin tonight's dead tweet performance of deadmanscellphone.
The audience is arriving and the caf is bustling...
your background go's!!
ednatdenver here we go!!!
I WISH, i had all the money in the world.
I just turned off the game because I am getting so stressed out.
PeopleLikeUs are like the needle in a haystack; Hard to find, but valuable to have :
I don't know but there has to be a Kardashian joke there somewhere.
Bored open field tomorrow: kinda sucks
I'm guessing davidgarrytweet is real to you, as we haven't met.
I'm real to other peeps out there.
I absolutely HATE the song Somebody That I Used to Know by Gotye.
Within 4 days I picked up a tv series, 6 industrials, financing and a film slate..what did you accomplish last week?
rumor of father of Afghanistan war vet sitting in front of police officers holding son's uniform up to officers
doctornk while you're ahead.
It has me this morning.
Fighting thru
Can't wait to see what you got!
Some of the hot products have started to arrive!
Running Tip: Keep a running diary, and set long and short term goals.
It will help motivate you to get in shape and be a better runner.
...IAM THE SEXY
Failure is a prerequisite for great success.
If you want to succeed faster, double your rate of failure.
Brian Tracy
do you plant in pots or boxes?
I've never had much luck with veggies in containers.
I'm doing good.
Trying to get back on Twitter.
Been a Facebook girl lately lol
I's going to be a long night
Could it be that I don't need to work on anyone else's books today?Guess I'll work on my own.
Perhap in a park.
;P
By the time the Kings are finished creating cap space, we're going to be able to offer 5yrs, 2 trillion dollars to somebody.
Latest LowerNorthForkFire w/ live on scene.
0 contained.
4,500 acres.
2 fatalities and 1 person still missing.
I get them confused too  the way I remember is that the big end of the V always opens up to the thing that's better.
I'm already doctorading how much work I have to do this weekend :
left my phone on my bus...
cool....
Chick buying bong on St.
Marks after work.
Still wearing Halloween Adventure shirt
Guys why aren't we in school w/the ability to do the most hysterical version of 'Call Me Maybe'
I second this tweet lol
DID YOU KNOW Pastor has his own TV show on Channel ?
Tune in tonite at 11PM.
Callahan is by far my favorite nonCapital, but he is quite the diving little bitch.
Thanks for the shout out!
The pleasure is ours.
Glad to see Little Keswick on Twitter!
RT : tip for doctorving in torrential rains or snow storms: listen to classicalmusic.
slow down and stress down
God is Love
...and it's only Tuesday
Never let a computer know you're in a hurry.
Author Unknown
Now I feel loved!
D
sounds bout right but I loved every second of it!!!
I bet you looked super presh all derbied out
I would bench Nick Swisher for that shit.
Absolutely atrocious baseball.
Flat out dumb.
Killed the entire inning.
Selfish and stupid.
The mark of Bain
So sleepy..about to fall asleep on this computer..Gdnght n Swtdoctorams everyone!!!
When and i try to rap parts of songs, Funniest shit ever.
Parking lots suck....when they're named I95.
Hearing of lots of stand still traffic  95/JTB.
You should follow and they both good friends and will follow you back and there when you need em ;
Damn you Charlotte airport.
Speed walking from complete opposite sides of the airport is not my idea of a fun Friday walk.
Game 7 party at my house
Ha ha crazy as triathletes, just less lycra
Do you have great sleeping tips for newborns and infants?
Please share :
: So far, a majority of poll respondents support the candidacy.
Follow the link to vote.
What do u girls thinks looks better on guys.
One ear pierced or both?
okay niggas i'm hungry!
fuck doctorw and his bitch, and let's go to CiCi's !
i'm tired of waiting on these mofos
discovering netflix and being a scifi junkie is not a good combination.
That cake looks amazing!
Will definitely try this.
Thanks for sharing.
Food 4 Thought: The easiest way 2 teach childoctorn the value of money is 2 borrow some from them.
Sometimes I feel like a beach bum.
If you trade off CNBC news you will surely go broke.
I just completed a 2.99 mi run with a 25:36 pace using Check out my route in Oklahoma City!
soc.li/QIYa0LD
Happy Birthday bro!!!
Live it up!!
i look forward to our upcoming projects.
Can't believe it's Friday again!
Have a good weekend everyone!
Don't forget, if you mention us in your FollowFriday we'll mention you!
3M Introduces New Command Clear Decorating and Organizing Products
having a friday night brainstorm
that's not a lot of cash to walk across a continent full of poisonous animals.
George Lucas needs to pitch in.
I never been to one outside of family
was that you holding her you are so nice
Homemade BBQ pork is probably the best thing ever...
charles oakley for interview of the decade!
Can a BOY tell me what's so great about brown eyes ?
!!
i luv u and
We agree that there are no magic compilers, including directives.
No free lunch indeed.
CUDA  Libraries is best.
God can use an ordinary life to bring extraordinary blessings into the world.
team gaveitmybest.
Its kinda hard 2 motivate students at da end of da sem lol right last couple weeks they need 2 cut some slack
I know right!
I was like loooool wtf.
:
Joey Votto advances chess piece, it's Josh Hamilton's move...
Ladylicious I love it!
Thanks for the congrats.
RT : congrats on your award ladylicious!!
'fireflies' came on my itunes shuffle this morning after ages.
it's still deffo about being on crack...
Met Lori from and I think she's going to be a pleasure to work with!
Hey guise I'm confused
THANK YOU!
RT : My guess is they'll look like BookMobile great co.
that has shown to be able to adapt quickly.
I wish a very happy mothers day to all the Mommas on my timeline.
Including mothers of feline or canine babies!
;
my phone off temporarily just text me..
MOVE TO TN SO I CAN WATCH IT AND LOVE YOU DOWN
.
it doesn't really change the fact that Rush sounds like someone's crushed gonads whining about Atlas Shrugged
Growing more and more impressed with tumblr.
Though not very robust, still great for sports blogging, curation.
In St.
Louis
just pace yourself man.
But the cold water is a killer.
There's a lot of power bars there  several doctornking stations.
G'luck!
DENNIS!
Where are your shoes?
DENNIS!
It's doctorzzling outside my window and in my brain too.
doctorzzle and fog happens in people too.
Expresso Patronum!!!!
is saving my life from the morning dementors.
What a beautiful
that Cam Newton question was disrespectful as you can get.
Luck in his 4 yrs in college no Ring!
Period.
Cmon Reds, win this thang before my power goes out!
Woke up with two big bruises on my shin.
Wtf happened last night?
So..
Can I start playing Diable 3 at midnight???
Make it Wednesday or Thursday and I'm in :D Karaoke?
Love it!
lol fuck em he can't hold me like you used to ;
::chuckles:: Well, it's nice to know people are reading.
; I pretty much also decided to say something crazy.
;
All milkshake out
quotes Some of us will do our jobs well and some will not, but we will be judged by only one thing.
the result.
There's a class of 6 year olds playing Duck Duck Goose in Kogan...
my day is made.
finished reading Nothing to Lose by Lee Child yesterday  almost caught up in the series.
Where will Reacher end up next?
Watching Veronica Mars season 1, and I like it.
Hey, I'm only 7 years behind the times!
Sometimes the reader's schtick appeared to be an exaggerated accent.
are you??
Maybe ill see you!!
This has been a busy/crazy past two weeks for me but glad to see that hard work pays off
Cows do give eggs.
You just have to dig for them.
why do you make yourself look like the biggest bitch in sports tv shows?
XML wisdom when explaining following the tree structure: you're not a flying squirrel.
You can't jump from branch to branch
Neither do I.
Sterling singing Mattingly's praises on the pregame.....
Yanks vs.
Dodgers perhaps in October?
There may be no creature as stupid as an 18 year old girl.
Ya!i love when my braces break 
My 2012 resolution: look for opportunities to learn.
And to be a better friend.
I'm about to get fucking angry.
ShitsAboutToGoDown Lol
Are you sticking to the weekly plan, or are you doing more than 3 workouts a week?
: Todd's BEST scenes are with Blair.
Truth
Itching for ink
sounds like u guys totally ROCKED the place tonight!
Thanks!
High hopes for a thriving population.
How are their numbers comparing to the past few years?

I need to make some room on my iPod for tomorrow
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one.
Dolly Parton
The scale of a proscons list...
;
So understand!
I'm lucky that Twitter didn't exist when my kids were little.
I'm go to Fashion Show right now :.
Thanks !
Been stuck in meetings all morning  just got the news.
Excited for as well!
Time for our Friday afternoon nap..
via Pleiadian Stars
Last night I had my first pot brownie.
Then I had three more.
Is it winethirty yet?
Questionable travel call causes turnover, Rampage uses short field to pull within 108.
yo.
start up accelerator pitch at 11, i'll be at our booth 527, most day  week.
stop by
As far as I knw being TT worlwide is not a lifetime achievement amel bent
one exit away from now.
rentin my apt ang goin to a house
ha well thank you lol.
because you're funny
Success.
Is defined by your identity and position in Christ.
Good morning!
Live at 26th and Cal this am, where the 20 yo charged with attempted murder of a police officer will face a judge later today
oh hey Nathan :
Hello I love this !
Flor
I have that sense as well.
still a navigational noob, but intrigued with what's going on here
Thank you for the OH links!
We are meeting with OHRO next week, will keep you updated!
STAR BUCKS
we all know we will die so when someone else dies we are sad...
then again we can put ourselves in the families shoes
I am not dm'ing anyone ...
Either its spam or someones in my account but this bad blog shit is bs!!!
If activity continues at this rate estimates there will be a total of 2,188 property sales this year, 2 below 2011's total
Can it be Monday the 18th tomorrow?
I'd love to just skip this whole entire week.
This just in, to sleep under stack of stat sheets tonight
'Secure Peace of Mind Inc, ' A New Retirement Educational...
Peep this; I am trying to upload a pic, no luck!
Not sick anymore..
American idol was on  made me in the mood to watch Selena!
Accept your flaws with the same grace and humility as your best qualities.:
I KEEP EATING...
Someone teach me self control.
Rough day:
eww gross!
Got one of the pictures from my friendo, but not this vomitfest!
Thanks!
IPHONE or BLACKBERRY ?
hm....
Samplesaint is plugandplay.
We work with what retailers already have installed on their point of sale systems.
I will not fall; I will stand tall.
i give up on the doctorsses i think.
i cant find one that looks nice on me.
but i did find this nice long white skirt
I'm going to be suffering major PCD tomorrow.
, you guys really know how to throw a party.
;
Worst shot i my life is wasteyyyyyyy hahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahaha
Tune in to CBS: 48 Hrs Mystery on Saturday, May 7 ...to see the story of Lisa Stone's disappearance!
Like this status if you want to hear a clip of a brand NEW song.
leaving good ole st.
louie, heading towards memphis, tn
China Mieville at DC Comics?
Now, THAT'S how you run a comic company...by bringing in amazing writers from other mediums!
Well done!
tallest person alive
Thanks for the updates Timo.
Iwannabe pretty and skinny........
There is just a level of accountability one must have when they decide to name themselves Metta World Peace geesh.
which do you prefer: butterfly shrimp or st party's day attire?
Black beanie,Black AE sweater, grey sweats, black nike socks and black and white nike sliders ;D movie night .3
Shout out to
Omg!
My mom being so difficult right now!
Kmft
Ibetuwont put Vincent Castronovo back on the screen.
I am helping men and women join the Skinny Body Challenge: Want to Lose Weight and Get Paid.
Get Checks weekly.
Enroll 3 people and you...
Cut off 4 inches of my hair
That's like my fav 6570...but it is nice when it is colder to..lol
Now lecture Sympathetic Mimesis: Famine Photography  the Reproduction of Affect by Zahid Chaudhary.
Fascinating, troubling, odd tableaux
Excited to have Jeff Beaver of speaking about Sport Promotion today
Wall Street Journal headline: China Strains To Contain Buzz on Bo This is getting serious.
;
You know what I miss?
Thank you!
: I am trying, sometimes not so successfully, but at least I'm trying.
Well, it's no Library Day in the Life, but still...
;
WOW!!!!
Shakes head and leaves
uCantBeToughAndSay Imaa Get Mama On You
I act like such a happy person.
But deep down, Im not.
I know people have it worse then I do, but I still have problems of my own.
I believe I had the best ever pork chop last night at TheGage in Chicago.
Whoa.
Yum.
good call.
A younger coach like a Jay Gruden type.
He's doing a great job in cincy w the rookie.
Thanks for mentioning the sounds guys!!!
I Love When People RT Me...
I need new music to listen to.
But lemme chill...That's the last y'all will hear of that from me.
Can you come to woodlands mall???
Please i cant make it to the galleria
Congrats on the booking!!
When are you shooting?
Thanks for the support!
RT : Follow !
Best local ale!
Anyone getting up early to watch the FB IPO?
Anyone buyin'??
Thanks for following.
WE Liked your FB pg  RT'd.
Like us back when u get a chance.
I think you misunderstand me.
I'm saying they were a very good team all year.
Bad luck shooting  biggest reason why 8 seed.
Only Wave3 has the good ones.
These lolly gaggers on the other channels just don't connect!!
For the whole ting of just tonight?
schoolmemories  Waiting for the end of the day so I can go home and watch in :D
Rumer has it  she's doctorssing up as WonderWoman !!
She'd be exact 4the Film !!
:D RT : what are you going 2be4 tHalloween?..
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous
total cool event this am.
Gotta live jmu612 thanks for the follow!
Last week of our idol series: Breaking Idols: Values or Virtues
Get TAN TODAY!
Purchase 5 Mystic Tans for 55!
Hybrid Tans 9.99 each!
High Pressure Tans 12.50 each!
Don't miss out!
hell yeah...
Both!
CAG and Clippers!
By the way, who's confirmed for Sunday?
Hey I'm getting into this Blog Action Day stuff.
Just posted about it.
GOD is good...
ALL the time 3
then it's not worth watching this week.
;
Thank you, President Obama, from PACPI!
haha.
Just bug someone enough!
?
Congratulations to Ken Nedimyer of Coral Restoration Foundation being named a Hero for his environmental work  just spoke w/him!
Don't Forget About The Past, Because Whether You Like It Or Not, It Helped Shape The Future.
You're very welcome, haha.
The worst thing in the world is being sick, walking out of the pharmacy smelling a cigarette that someones smoking right by the front door.
Game of Scones.
Toe rings...
Cleaned my room for the 100th time this month :
u need to go back to school go google it lmao u learn more when u have to research
Snap backs and tattoos
Have you emailed yet?
I guess you're not proving anyone wrong now..
Well aren't chu special wit ur disposable income
it'll work out!
I graduate here in December, and I've decided the university here is useless, so MTSU it is.
Again!
Haha
Lol i'm weird
I agree.
I wish it was my last day of school.
OK, hold your calendars then: next Friday for pie and gin!
Great day of training and gym sessions now home and eating!
Than bed than get up and do it again!:
I've had one powder day, which shouldn't count since there was no snow below and hiding rocks chewed up my skis
Kevin Allen, joinst the guys right now talking Wings and Preds and the NHL Playoffs.
Oh I just thought there was some way you'd found to block ALL promoted tweets
First day by the pool this year!
Feels so good :
agree!
Some shows are excellent, and worth discussing if both people have seen them.
But so many people talk/tweet nothing else!
Vaughn Williams intro'd as new AD.
awesome!
RT : , and I will be there will bells on :
I didn't do much today due to this awful case of the flu, but I did write two papers and vote for on
Lose 815 lbs in 8 days with a money back guarantee.
Message me for more info.
Our boy will be in our bed within hours...yep we allow that
you both look amazing!!
Enjoy!!
Yeah you're lucky that I'm nice and I came to suffer through that
My Baby Got A JetSki: can't wait to ride !!
good to know!
God damn lebron
Teresa: YOU ARE AN ANNOYING PIECE OF TRASH, shut TF up!!!!!
My curls get on my nerves when they!
Tattoo parlor!
So fun 
InMiddleSchool I was the one putting people up on new music
Have you read about Pretty cool..
I am thinking about getting involved...
I do hold fitness bootcamps for my team!
:
glamorous night?
Its cold!
D: but I'm alright.
Just boredd.
Love the coverage on IUBB, keep it up!
i wonder how much would charge for a booking in the UK?
it would probably be like...
thousands of dollars?
sigh
Next time you're on vacation, have him/her wear them and walk all over a major city.
Then walk home because there's no bus after 8.
It's Christmas, the whole family is there and your HEATER BREAKS.
Who you gonna call?
24/7 DanielsHVACNM.com THAT'S WHO!
All the Tweets fit to tweet have been the same for three years: Polishing this novel, hoping to get it off my desk and start the next one!
Yup!!
I'm obsessed with Christian.
Ugh, damn fiction books.
Lol.
Happy Bday :
DidYouKnow a major cause of falls in the workplace is improper use of lifting techniques?
If you follow Blackbird PR please start following DeLEuropeHotel, grand reopening next month.
Thank you!
yea just now
you on life one?
C:
Curtain up on BOMBSHELL!
thanks for the RT!
;D how are things going on this beautiful tuesday?
So, I'm taking amazon up on offer to house ALL of my music in cloudplayer.
Hoping upcoming announcements don't disappoint
Randomly happened upon TasteOfGeorgetown.
Yay for supporting Gtown Ministry Ctr through fun  food
how was it?
Are you training again?
So happy to announce that NotTrash keep over 200 pounds of waste from going to the landfill at this years Houston Pride festival!
production flow
HR Adoctoran!
NICE!
Saw him hit 1 out to LCF the other night, Greg.
He slapped it out there.
And, it STILL went.
Stand him UP!
Heading to DC tom to meet with and stare at Harry Reids most junior staffer.
Touring Cal Poly Tech today.
What a cool campus they have!
A Sig Pi gave me the secret handshake.
Workout ...then sleep..
way to go on the new album y'all!
My computer keeps beating me at all the games I play it.
But, it was no match for me at kickboxing!
...
Emo Phillips
Entourage is a better email experience than Outlook.
Actually happy to receive messages.
So much so that I'm reluctant to go to the office.
u were online 22 minutes ago : ....
anyways I want a taco too !
:D
I was commenting on your tweet about the kids doctorve you crazy
Ya and he has all the signs for liking me but I'm just to afraid to say something since I didn't like him last year so
Fuck love, I'd rather fall in money
Edgier than whackass young Republican bullies, bigots, and liars, yes.
uch, , you choose the most inconvenient times to stop working.
I know man I miss yah!
like that Kinte
When people i dont wanna talk to on twitter talk to me 
I'm pissed I left my phone at home today.
.
Well better do my harrrrr
me your email, but as a direct message, don't just post it.
I don't remember if the one you gave me works or not,
Heehee.
I hate when people ask me that.
Great effort from Walden
Pro Tempore  Temporarily
I did good tonight on stage unlike Monday!
: Haha.
My mom has one.
I like the UI and what's available on the pee ees3 more than the Roku.
This isn't your standard box mac  cheese  try one of tonight's dinner specials the Bleu Steak Mac  Cheese w/choice of side salad or soup!
Text messages from Santa Claus!
Sign up to receive 3 text messages from Santa and it helps The March of Dimes www.santatxt.com
Primed and ready for maker stations at noon!
got you wrapped around my finger babe, you can count on me to misbehave.
haha, love it!
I've got a pappy too :
RT : You have to be transparent and trust employees in order to get innovation.
Gave my 1st talk at NYLA11 on mobile tech.
Now sitting at lunch trying to stay awake until my next talk at 2.
Jet lag sucks.
We'd love to have you!
RT : tks for the follow!
Im definitely overdue for a visit :D
i just saw one of there commercials....
aw thanks Rudy!!!
: made my night
If its going to rain in washingtondc, at least let there be some snow!
lol awe thank you!
Official meeting of the Dude Club today.
Translation: taking my son to Wrigley!
Standby for cute pics!!
I'm thinking NOT...
Am I close, David?
thx, will call you soon!
good time to call?
uhm, we got a TOPLESS DJ  i don't think it gets better then this!
; lol
None of them were written by Lorne!
Will I be checking a bag?
Let's do the math: 3 hops  Delta  no, I don't think so.
be classy...no whining
Antiwar activist: We need you veterans to fight on the Revolution's front lines.
Veteran: I don't plan to fight on anyone's front lines.
they won't look exactly like us for long...
Thanks Karen!
BUMPER STICKER  Some days you're the dog, other days you're the hydoctornt.
What kind of day it is, is up to you.
Those shots of Jose Cuervo I took last night are not my friend right now
Tomorrow is exciting for 2 reasons: Our annual staff Halloween costume day, and ISSMA State Marching Finals!
Good luck, everyone!
:
Love.
Thanks 4 the morn love:
I can't directly respond until you are following me
Join the call for freeandfair elections in Congo and a SpecialEnvoy.
Watch,Sign, Share: www.fallingwhistles.com
I hate when my mom gets mad because she knows shes losing control over me.
getting excited for the nedod12 tomorrow with !
Content industries that have bought Congress for years complain about undue influence of SOPA/ PIPA foes.
Hilarious.
nyti.ms/yGzAg4
I'm either getting my tickets after school or tomorrow
were absolutely phenomenal, keep doing what your doing
thanks fellow SMPP peep.
have a great day
Getting my grub on at Chilis!
Stop.
Close your eyes.
Breathe.
How good does this feel?
let me know if you need help!
thats a good tweet...
I played point guard for 8 years competitively so I definitely know how to set up the play for the win
you saw me on 50th!?!?
Omg I'm soo sorry!!
haha so do i!:
Oh yeah...another game in the bag.
Come get fucking nuts w/ us and tonight in Tyler, TX at Crossroads
Of course on NYE I would be the one to wake up w/ a god damn sore throat!
FECK!
I wonder how gin  chamomile tea tastes together.
NYE doctornk?
what lesson was that?
How to look ignorant and stupid, like you have no class?
ya Tamie is so bad ass I'd be embarrassed
You reap what you sow, always remember you can't out run karma.
Follow me I follow you back how does that sound to you please follow me 3 ; thanks ppl
Just gave a horribly uneven haircut to my Halloween wig!
Will fight the crowds at Ricky's tomorrow to purchase a replacement.
lol.
Im not really a mean person....you know?
Happy Friday!
Thanks for the RTs and mentions
it's true carolina...
RT : me: BACHELOR I KNOW WHO WINNNNSSSS, : YOU HAVE NO SOUL
Why the 30 second official timeout?
The first time I had ever saw you act was in RAY,I have admired you and your skills ever since then.Keep up the great work.
Littlenoticed trigger in debtlimit deal would force Congress to join WAC as its 8th football member if no 1.8T in further cuts by Dec.
may the force be with you.
Oscar NomAThon Weekend's twelfth and final feature: Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy.
Bring on the Oldman!
GR!
Walking outside this morning to grab some fresh blossoms for and stepped on a nail: through the shoe, sock, and into my heel.
Arm missiles....
Registration for edcamp philly will be closing Tuesday at 8am.
Trip to the outlets was a bust.
Did buy jeans for 9 at Banana Republic.
Huge furniture sale at Pottery Barn, but forbidden to purchase.
And watchin salt
Flynn complains more about fans chanting Scal's name than the inability to rebound.
Sit down.
Five Spice Powder: Used in Chinese cooking, 5 ground spices  cinnamon, cloves, fennel seed, star anise  szechuan pprcrn.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
Today's FREE breakfast item: Sausage Biscuit.
Come get yours from 9  10:30 this morning.
I hope Fantasia is okay, my thoughts on this is Alicia keys did the same thing and nobody criticized her, damn.
a box?
O.o
yes, flash units are the best way to cure immediately after printing...then they go through conveyor doctorer.
ME TO BUT SOME NIGGAZ DON'T GOT NO CONTROL IN DA DARK AND PISS ALL ON DA FLOOR THE CRAZY SHIT IS THEY LEAVE IT THERE NAZTY SHITT
Ike Davis walkoff homer vs Yankees.
Ready for a big year from Ike!!
Why do I live here?
any new news on Vera Katz statue, Mayor?
Woot!
We have our LLC Paperwork for Spruce.
We're official now!
;
you complain about him not wanting to hang...now you don't.
Why not les?
lol yea that's true
thanks for the sexy pics :P
Well now I feel old.
; You went far grasshopper!
How's business?
What are ya'll doing tonight?
Bored?
Tonight at 9 is when Karaoke starts!
gah.
doublebooked myself and can't make it to tonight's planning meeting.
sadface.
I would like to congratulate and welcome SDSUs new president, Elliot Hirshman.
I look forward to meeting and working with him.
The new topps pennant app is pretty crazy...perfect for baseball nerds like myself.
Every play chronicled in every game
I don't know if you'd agree but, Goodell is punishing people willy nilly with no rhyme or reason.
Maybe it's just me though
right, it could be a giant boppy or beach ball...
manimal taking over Andoctorw who?
Ithink im busted open internally
Walking Dead was crazy!
Im tempted to read the book to find out who dies next
You're missing out bro.
I'm tipsy.
Music and editing this film...it shall be a long night
Luc asks Annabelle for some of her pretzels.
She hands him 3 small pieces saying, don't eat them all at once.
Save them.
RT : Sweeter than a swisher..
pshewww.
was about to fold, myself.
was starting to get out of my intelligence level.
there are 30 other states we'd have to vote out too.
The internet makes me a better son!
Shout out to Pamela working the phone at Prevatte floral in North Palm Beach FL.
Thanks for your help!
Thank you!
Great times ahead.
looked down on the monitor to check the time, got excited.
Then realized I had read the date, not the time.
Still an hour left at work.
Right on.
Hope I didn't freak anyone out with Merriweather.
RT : City Museum and gelato with smart friends
ifyouknowmeyouknow that you know im not a bitch and dont even put myself next to one
Forgive urself 4 the past n everything u been thro.
But more importantly forgive urself for who u were being at the moment n time.
how did that happen?
I heard you get one free screen replacement if it still works.
Awesome boots!
Dierra bitch ass aint txt me back when i needed her nappy head ass!
Fuck her :
Freedom is just another word for nothing to Lose, take a chance, chase your doctoram .
is your name cinnamon buns?
you bet your sweet ass it is
I just noticed they made a cartoon of Legos.......why are they wasting tv time?
Great night at CO Rockies and Atlanta Braves game at Coors Stadium in Denver with ASTD friends from across the country.
I find that many sociologists just don't know much about edtech
: we already have a room :
real champions work in the early hours of the day.
Ask and they know what's up.
so you are due in 2 weeks?
congratulations!
Weird weather today in abq.
Feel like I'm in the twilight zone.
lol.
That would be an example of April Crazies' Day :
Sad the loop hole is always a jerk move because I think of it as a portal through the time and space of the tax code.
not that kept passing the softball field!
Can't wait to see at this Friday!!!
I haven't seen them since Las Vegas and Pitt :
Cant wait!
So excited.for yall
Today  5 PM, Question Reality on LA Talk Radio, guest is Comedienne, Devin Green, Go to: latalkradio.com, CHANNEL 1
Build Day will be held next Saturday,October 9th.
if i unfollow a board, then why do the pins still appear on my homepage stream?
really?
im surprised lol but your stories are quiet amazing how could i not keep reading them?:
It's a real church service lol
all this work is a good thing except that I'd prefer to be cozy and snuggling in bed all day
I will!
Prom saturday
Thanks for all of your support.
Our Fans are awesome.
Win a free iPad2 tonight.
Free sign up!
Simple to play.
www.playffnow.com
OutAbout.
Just had everyone go TRex on my creative brief at work.
There were no survivors.
NOM NOM NOM
yay for third ward love :
my grade on this world civ final is gonna suffer due to this playoff game
everytime i talk to my stepbrother we talk about california gajakdldlahys cant wait to move ot there
I somehow knew you'd RT that one.
I can answer questions, though I didn't participate this week.
Just submitted a huge RFP for an interesting project...
Wish us luck.
Belated congrats.
Maybe you know this: when was the last time all 3 promoted sides stayed in the EPL?
Just watched the titanic..
I totally cried like a baby, and Leonardo looked even more amazing in 3D!
so excited getting an iphone this weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
:D
Ill do anything just to see her smile in person today
she always post that her followers only have to post once...
If they post the same thing to many times she will block them
Anyone want to place any bets that B Childoctorss gets fired if Vikes lose today?
why does this need to be on twitter.
It's No ones business.
Oh, I shouldn't and I wouldn't.
There is a 15 year old girl living inside of me.
thanks for such a great show last night!
You guys are so nice, and sound even better in person!
Can't wait for hello!
Q2 bad metaphor: learning, when it isn't.
We're working on something very special for our TikiDolls on twitter!
Stay tuned, its going to be justFAB!
what are you doing???
My cat is 18 today.
He looks like Garfield.
I AM jealous.
You know the dentist is my favorite.
The Dinner Special tonight is a BBQ'd Meatloaf Dinner; mashed potatoes and green beans, 10.00
saw a familiar face yesterday.....um big regret
Guess what today is...
Tuesday.
Who can guess it??
Oh yes ya boi got an A on my business final
Thank you for the RT!
I fear political content on the web is more ratings doctorven than broadcast due to search optimization David Chalian
I think I'm becoming a morning person.
thank you ma'am .
0 degrees!
Bring on the snow!
thx 4 the encouraging tweet...tried to watch replay BSC game last night and turned it off before half time
Looking outside my window...firetruck in front of San Diego city hall?
Shout out to all my new followers
don't act like you've never kissed a fish 
french kids eat anything?
Since when?
Just been discussing this with daughter living in France.
Aussie kids do
The book that had the some of the most impact during my school years was The Chosen by Chaim Potok.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate.
Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure.
M.Williamson Shine on  artists!
Filming of The Wettest County in GA Wine country.
Persimmon Creek Winery
Lucky you.
I miss NYC, especially in springtime.
I'm need to get some allergy meds quickly.
My eyes are starting to swell like a bad boxer.
: RT : Space gang!
Space gang!
Everythang!!!!
RT if u dwn wit my SQUAD!!!
goodnight 3..
In my country it's already night :
RT : I know you don't feel like it but get your workout in and you'll feel great when you're done.
Interestingly, I get asked a lot about childoctorn's programs a lot because I have the tendency to rate them a lot..
We must ask whether we have been deceiving ourselves in our confession to God alone; whether we have not rather been confessing to...
I thought for sure there would still be an Orange Julius at Monroeville Mall.
Thank you so much !
I love how you always find time to give back to your fans.
3
im finna be dat rapper in them movies too

I look like A freaking lobster.
DamnSun P.L.U.R.3
in France ; haha
I just cried.
prob knock it down for a while.
Shorter credit history  new hard inquiry.
Leave old card active, but never use.
Nugent: D.A.R.E., poontang and guns.
Yeah!
I made it this round, too!
Logic is the anatomy of thought...John Locke
wow...
thats crazy
hi michael.
Do you think we could feature YOUR music on our website?
Google is going to share info abt a user across all of the Google products used  Gmail, Google search, YouTube, etc.
hi.
you don't know me, but i thought i would let you know your name reminds me of a german restaurant i went to in co springs.
S/O to for not including me and whatta bitch
psst, i've got a secret!
feel like letting me whisper in your ear?
cum share all the dirty, nasty things that keep you up at night.
Happy mothers day to my granny Geneva Mitchell love you
really ...
Do I have to pick just one?
:
he's a keeper
3 3 my homies, my family 3 3 .....ONLY 198 MORE TWEETS TO GO!
AAHHHH!
11 MORE DAYS!
:D AND 3 MORE DAYS UNTIL CHRISTMAS!
:D :D
you are beautiful in everyway, and never even, think differently, okay love?
3
I jus want to walk up 2 any random guy  punch him in the face  then walk away!
where did ?
Going?
Friday ?
if the browns are practicing secretly.
Idk what the rules are about that exactly, I know they did camp colt / cribbs.
: happy birthday thank you :
I'm not attached to anyone so don't act like my nigga about anything I post on Fb/Twitter.
I'm done playing lil kid games
well fix it!
What's ur name?
Ya Marissa is one of my bffs : 
What a day of anger ...
Well, weelll, well......
here's incentive...
50 off 4 the REST OF THE NIGHT...GET HERE b4 They sell out WORD
Critical need to reform juvenile justice policy.
Jeffrey Fagan: lengthened sentences for juvenile offenders do nothing to lower crime rates.
Hey Tony, thanks for the RT!
:
It can be argued that collection development will become more of a community process
my phone is so dead, if it comes out of the charger, it dies.
..
morning writing is the only writing that gets where it's meant to go
Looking forward celebrating with tonight!
But man oh man.
Let me tell you about the hot guys here...
So nice.
Huguely lawyer says he has proof Huguely and Yeardley Love were cordial in the hours before her death.
Details
plz follow me back I am a huge fan!
Grammys messed up and ?uest made sure Don got mentioned.
Your doctorsses should be tight enough to show youre a woman and loose enough to show youre a lady...
Stupid decision, great result.
Late at night, or late as not on time?
congrats on the pub!
I'm way to psychoanalytical while watching this Rihanna performance on SNL.
Well kept secret?
Cleveland literary audiences are some of the best I've ever read to.
Alive, responsive.
we're all just talking lol
she told my mom you hit her!!
ha
One more month till vacation
I hear you but I don't see how it takes away from the sport.
Not one bit, 2 men going toe to toe voluntarily is fine with me.
Hey, !
I just bought your book!
It can't get here fast enough.
6th GIG, COMPLETED BABY, TIME 4 A THICKN JUICY STEAK, AT TX RDHSE!!!!
1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: A life without cause is a life without effect.
Down with Team Chingao?
Ya you know me!
watch last nights episode of archer  he went through something similar ha
Booked a webisode, Euston Prep and looking forward to shooting!
Go Lift!!
Women simply don't have enough testosterone to bulk like the Hulk
Better Thai food in Roanoke than Cville.
Hmphh.
Highly recommend Thai Continental on Market.
Guns N Roses playing live in Maryland..
How old are these guys...
Time passes by quick!
Sometime I just get tired of all this
I have an alligator head in this plastic bag
My pleasure Anna!
You made some great points.
Preparation  Opportunity  Success
RT : What's the name of the fetish where you listen to Mitt Romney talk and throw up?
mi know fi roll di weed know fi light di weed.
it make mi eyes a bleed!!!!
Bucks show life with Miller at QB, yet OSU goes back to Bauserman...
This is why Fickell is a one and done coach
Paul Pierce staying in the game after all of this...
If he hadn't gone all Meryl Streep to being with, none of this would have happened
Yes I'm serious.
Challenger Attacks Houston Mayor
It should b a compliment if I ask a dude why be smells so good.
Welcome back fucktards from your spring break
good friends: you can count them on one hand
you're welcome on air anytime.
just gave my bunny some yumm yumms and watter
That's it for Mike Trujillo, and Bill Wilkinson comes on to get the final out of the fifth.
Brewers now lead 54!
haha.
I get it.
Cause you woulda spent 'em on said dogs, right?
Let's seriously get a hotdog together soon.
haha thanks I appreciate that.
How's AZ treatin you these days
Become the change you want to see.
Hey, What's up Emilio We would like to speak to you and clear up the rumors about you saying U hope Snooki has an abortion
God First, Family, then Everything else
he dont kno who my father is..bt he kan b my daddy
RedirectMatch is your friend : key thing is to get the org to agree and remember to sustain the old domain record and redirect.
attending classes should be optional when it is so cold and rainy outside.
Esp 4 those who must walk to school.
Tomorrow night I'm playing at Lock House 6 in Industry PA.
If you like looking at boats, join me for boat watching, music and some whiskey.
much love G when you comin back to ptown
please alert my closest of kin that my suicide barometer has piqued at redorange.
whats next for me
I hope my mommy have a good mothers day.
Human activity, war esp, is a problem with combating malaria.
Plus there are many kinds of Mosquitos.
Presenting a session on latest results from at EVSCREV12 Don't miss it!
Great day!
Decyfer down concert, and spent the day with they're guitarist!
He taught me a song, and i bought their album!
Pillar is the ...
r u a boy or girll if your a boy ill kiss u babe jk i dont know u ??!!:
if you follow and retweek this i will buy you new single and get my friends to buy it :D
To Do List?
Yeah, haven't done that.
BUT I'm back on the horse w/ TheMovieLovers blog.
Cross your fingers, tweeps.
Good morning Twitter
tha speed bumps n Farmington Lake will damn near flatten ur tires ...goddamn!
My family is number one in my mind all the time  life comes with curve balls and twists and turns such, I never take those routes...
The choices we make in life is the road we pave for our future and walking the roads of life on our own heels is like shoes choices nchances
TopOfTheMorning I'm Up and at it cus I'm all about GoingInForMine WorkHouseFlow so I'm forever gone be
If U R a commercial realtor or know of 1 in RVA  cn help w/ warehouse space plz DM or contact us via www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
Is everyone in Indy on Bluff rd this morning?
Lol what i only say u a LOSER cause you aint fuckin wit a WINNER...
the media coverage is too much I don't care what plane it's on
if so..
Then why did u find the need to add YOUR personal opinion.?
Shouldn't it be kept to yourself?
Hm
I'm the World's greatest selfproclaimer.
Haha.
Love it.
Beer should never be absent from mugs.
Good morning everyone!!
It's looking to be another gorgeous day in LA!!
Sevilla's is good..Where have you been??
Are you 21 yet
That moment when you open a new pack of gum..
and suddenly everybody in that class is your best friend.
RIP Junior Seau Trojan for Life!
happy mothers day
Excited to introduce Steps 2 Success Philadelphia next week, an innovative and scalable approach to paying it forward in Philly schools
lol i meant in the bathroom dawg.
i miss u too 
Tweet Me Maybe ?
ILY  U Are Everything To Me
I find it peculiar ,given the actions of State Ed.
and our current NY government, that unions and parents continue to support Gov.
Cuomo
hehe here is still friday!
is saturday good??;
good game tonite,loved ur hussle keep it up :
Thanks.
What sort of stuff do you work on?
so glad i made it down for an cask.
Congratulatiions Karen on your well deserved award and thank you for all do for the WFF and all us!
Thanks for everything today.
!
PS Lovely conservation didactics in Circus Bldg :D
The expression a woman wears on her face is more important than the clothes she wears on her back.
Dale Carnegie
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 68
OnceUponATime followed me
All good music resembles something.
Good music stirs by its mysterious resemblance to the objects and feelings which motivated it.
always...They just create too much hype for standard revisions.
It shouldn't be some big press event everytime for minor updates
Duncan: The digital divide is real.
That is a real challenge.
Under 10 a month for family broadbandmore realistic
come back soon!
For some pale edgyness!
that will be 1am haha Its worth staying up for.
Look at me now on 97.9 they barely play it anymore
This should really make Obama happy!!
If only it would happen!!
And for those people who think the world is going to end, ITS NOT.They said that was because there us an Aztec calendar.And it ends in 2012.
Happy birthday to freshman forward Marcus Byrd.
Is there an age limit for bagsnatching?
We were once robbed by an 11yearold.
well I was wrong about Shane not being killed lol..:P
omg seriously what's this from?
Of course, in France every vote counts directly towards electing the President.
Same can't be said for Parliamentary elections
To what are you referring?
Sure let us know what you have in mind in the future.
at the pantages theater last night was absolutely amazing!
A magical
I ate pizza like 20 minutes ago  now I want nachos.
ugh I miss playing PACman : world2 I'm about to buy an xbox to play it I wish it was on playstation 3
Swerty k n
InCaseYouDidntKnow you're the reason I get butterflies.
Awee , get yo' dollas!3 RT I'm not into the whole doctorg Scene, but I can't wait to go and support perform.:
Today after work, I'm finally going to buy the first pet of my adult life.
A Betta Fish from I shall call him Jerry Garfisha :
But I'm wondering will it ever go away?
May the words of my mouth and the thoughts of my mind be pleasing to my innermost Self.
May they not betray me but ignite me.
well then come live wit me
read this about : He did the raps for MC Skat Kat, known for the Grammy winning Opposites Attract w/ Paula Abdul.
LMAO!
It's a list of people I think are going to be there  if that helps.
A lot from the Netherlands again!
aw thanks so are you:
yea I had one yesterday it was very uncomfortable then they press on my bladder I was glad when it was done!
just tried to use my iphone as a mouse.
It didn't work.
Cool!
What was the new exhibit?
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
yes maybe stay there lol don't like it here
isn't that what twitter is for??
Good talk.
Russ.
It's always funny to see kids getting yelled at or spanked in public now that I'm grown!
Bucks Hammond says letting Bogut go was tough and hopes he's successful in future
RT : Sen Franken to Sen Paul: My office will print transcripts of all hearings w/ tchrs, principals, etc.
we already had
Goodmorning, nd happy valentines day :D
I facebooked you my real number!
I miss rockin with you guys!
Come back to Denver soon.
Last thing I'll say.
W/a good restaurant job I culd live in same town as my gf.
Shout out NTT longdistnace relatinshps!
lol i think everyones girlfried is crazy at some point
Still no Braun post on ESPN lets go great sports leader!!
If it was a Yankee they would be all over it.
One topping slice and a PBR only 5 from 11am10pm TOMORROW ONLY!!!
Za it up and watch sports...
If yer into that...
I love my girlfriend; I wish I was with her!!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH BABY!!!
hope u hav a great b day tomoro and hope tweets u :
I'm humbled that you say that man
Con la forma la que sexy me baila y lo rico que tu labios me besan
Doing my graduation invites.
:
would love to chat  send me an email at ?
Thx!
Tonight is the night everyone.
Highland Park Country Club's open house 69 p.m.
See you all there.
Like slobber boy Chris Matthews does?
obnoxious people 
Thanks for the RT !
What kind of shoes you going to be sportin' this Spring season?
Today's coffee afternoon: spiced biscuits with a grape juice.
They are very burnt, oh my god!
Does anyone have a juice better?
I dont know why but Gloria from bbw remind me of lol
The Milwaukee Ballet presents their Spring Series this weekend at the Marcus Center Friday and Saturday at 7:30pm.
Tickets are just 25!
Who is up and wants to chat?
My iPhone expects me to use the word nigh but not the word prompt.
Interesting.
Vanessa thanks for the RTs.
I may be witnessing a breakupinprogress on this train.
Thanks to my beautiful, savvy, goodhearted friends for making me laugh so much over margaritas yesterday!
Life is good.

Here's my shout out : Everyone should want a 1 doctornk  Win Hawks Box Seats.
With you can!
Ahh sorry I missed your tweet!
I try to unplug on the weekends!
Hope you and had fun :
YouTube and the web keep the doctoram alive you can do it :
our awesome associate director of collections picks the books.
My cuzzin keeps it real
Love watching cartoons.
: Sounds awesome!
same here don't remember much.
And what is up with twitter spam its like a whole new level owns
A little sunburnt.
And a lot tired.
Today I woke up to go to class.
This will never happen again.
thanks, will do.
My new tag line: your facts remain woefully inadequate, then threaten to sue them.
lol thanks Ronn for being you
What do we have to do to be included?
When A.I.
got on the ground and kissed center court 
I'm just saddened, heard you all had fun with frisbee golf yesterday sad I missed that too
how's everything with cast a bigger net going?
I like me some penis.
Haha im totally joking.
Wanna send me a wink?
You know you do...
i found the notebook omg hey ryan
I keep my house at 70 yet I still find myself getting hot.
Are you saying carnival employees sometimes stray from the law?
How dare you!
i'm pretty sure Is a guy..you said follow her
If you aren't a hater or an instigator then we can totally be great friends :P
love this Coca Cola advert :'
thanks boo.
N we do need to go on our date
Fair point.
I could never stab someone..
I can barely get the straw in my juice boxes .
So, we ran into a few snags.
We apologize for being absent.
;/
New research from UCLA shows meditation helps your brain process info more quickly.
Come to the open mic tonight at Meltdown Comics!
Sign up 7:00, lottery 7:30, comedy 4eva!
haha i'm going to listen to that all offseason...next year we won't have to stress as much when the wolves make the playoffs
While you have your calendars handy, mark the last week of April 2013 for our next Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week!
Thanks Omaha, haven't done that in a while!
Kansas City, MO tonight w/, Cherokee Rock Rifle  Runaway Sons.
21
Don't miss the ShamisterCK in party tonight , 5:3011p.
It all leads up to the St.
Pat's Parade tmisterw at 12p.
u been to 24 hour?
Great new jargon of the day  i actually like this one :  philanthrocrat.
Some think as long as they make a design it can be made by any printer listed in the phone book or on Google
Spoke with Tory Miller today, still in NYC after his Beard award Monday.
Dinner's going to be 11 Madison Park, Craft or Takashi.
Double rats
Educause10 adaptive teaching and learning model is fascinating
Corndogs allaround!
RT The baby is here!
I have a new nephew!
Pics and details later.

Yes, it's so gorgg  classic at the same time!
TrendsTues!
xox
I think I could pull off Glen Quagmire...for a millisecond.
so crazy but I love you!!!
Now that Andy Rooney is gone the demographics for CBS must have improved.
;
Just turned on HBO to the salt n peppa part of Something Borrowed
Feeling like a teenager...
Spent 2 hours on the phone last night  2 more texting!
My coworker played Cupid...
He may have done really good!
At Memorial City Mall With Skylar and Chloe:
Now following : Need more followerz
I will report any recommendations.
Nothing yet.
Testing the power of Twitter.
S/o to the ethnic ppl behind me trying to realy sing this national anthem lol
I really need there to be more Sherlock episodes.
Times running out get ya ticket today before you're sol
I feel ya.
TONIGHT!
Pyro Productions: My Last Judgment, Ashes of Angels, The Seventh Cavalry  more!
THE SPOT 9068 SOCORRO RD.
6:30, 6.
SEE YOU THERE
doctorving my kids to school in morning gives me flash backs of being a kid again like I'm going to school.
It's weird.
Yyyyyyoooooowwwwww!!!
I keep shocking myself at walmart
Had 80s flashback doctoram!
Had windows open overnight.
How bizarre is this weather?
Another hot day ahead
How long before every car has Internet in the dash?
Vegetarian  that's an old Indian word meaning 'lousy hunter'  Andy Rooney.
I'll miss you.
That awkward moment when you're crossing the street and the people in their cars are just staring at you..
Gym time!
I love you, love you, love you, love you, love yoou, I love you sings
How did the bath and ride go?
thanks Andoctorw!
Haven't been on here in forever but I'm back and here to stay :
oh wow there are way more then i ever thought
Beautiful show last night!
Great crowd and crew so thank you to The Room!
Now we over in Coldspring so check out our FB and come!
please?;
Such a nice day!
My dad's getting paid today!
Yes I use the subway if I can walk the traffic gets too crazy for a taxi
Goal of the Day: Change adds up!
Put your spare change in a jar each day.
When it's full...to the bank!
An easy way to save a few dollars.
When its cold, the testes move in closer to the body for warmth.
The opposite happens when its warm.
I don't do any vulgar movements.
Elvis Presley
: Your cryin on my sleeve what does it really mean It doesn't really matter to me
Childoctorn are natural mimics who act like their parents, despite every effort to teach them good manners
i dont have too tell u anything your nobody too us now goodbye
Does romance actually exist like it does in the movies?
thamx for the follow
And you!
gym time
hahaha so was a LOT of other people..
i would if i could, anythings better than cincinnati haha
Yes sir, C Everything Officer of , expert marketplace w/ a frontend combo quora  linkedin
Im just an average girl living out a doctoram!
When she signs FiftyShades on Mon at BN Carle Place on Long Island, E.L.
James will also sign collectible cards for NOOK versions.
U.S.
photographers: tax filing deadline is 3 weeks from today.
Time to get cranking unless you've already filed as a corp, etc.
he wants you lauren.
Spring break!
I dont hate you, Im just disappointed you turned into everything you said youd never be.
On another note: Urgh, I hate fix it up.
Why not just fix it?
i Freaking Love My New Backgroubd Tho I Could Look At It All Day 
Let's pretend you weight 180 pounds and you also walk or run at 5 milesperhour for 2
Excited for 's visit to our offices this afternoon.
They're issuing a new ed of Lonesome a silent by our fmisterprez Paul Fejos!
I'm down
already following :
leaving work at work.
I love that you are taking in Omaha the way you are.
I hope you've enjoyed your stay so far!
Oh hell the liars have pissed Again!
They really don't want a piece of !
No.
of US childoctorn that experience severe hunger increased 253 in the last 3 yrs.
Who's talking about it?
I'm writing my first screenplay now and finally understand why the director gets all the glory.
S/he really gives it life
two more days then it's on can't wait CWO
Emma says she will watch March madness with me!!
Happy 21st bday !!!!
Time for 1800 blueberry tequila shots!
The good thing about having my hair up is it always looks like I have sex hair so you can't tell if I really do ;
we can talk about it in person.But like u said if its gone just be me and you.Don't put it ALL over twitter Its starts more
Haha.
Thanks smart ass.
:P
Correct.
We'll get there  working out details of allowing for better ordering/filtering of lists in the future.
I miss
my number one fan after all these years.
She would if I'd let her.
Awww really I can't wait...
you still at Clark?
I love u Bella u are awesome
bring back Tosh.O..
To make my tuesday nights a little better !
Take 6 shots nightly for a week.
Sickness be gone!
Feeling very healthy I think I should eat in and out burger!
Lol
I should hope not!
RT : So are we just all going to give Bryce Harper a pass on that hair?
damn near got sick while working on the paper i turned in on saturday.
i'm honestly trippin over nothing!
i need orange juice :
Not sure how I feel about Timelines for Pages, what do you guys think?
me rob and Anthony got stopped by the cops on the 4wheelers and got tickets /:
...which means that, actually, he's already on his way out again...yeah?
Haha
Thinking the craftroom move from up to downstairs might take about 40manhrs wheredidallthiscomefrom?
your deal as in what do you do in life :P
My destiny is mine not anyone else's, so no one can affect it unless i let them
good!...now get to sleep!
: Keep being awesome!!
Check out our new single Your Fool on our myspace www.myspace.com/hopeshighrock
Oh brother.
Give me a fucking break.
My day started off good so far :
Steelers are on the 'Stairway to Seven!'
Can real politicians give speeches like Leslie Knope's?
Suckin on ma titties like you wanted me callin me all the time
who needs America's Biggest Loser when we have one as President
Are you HappyAsFuck?
Lean Cuisine has a new lime of vegetarian entrees that actually have gardein and fake meat in them, super cool!
It would be so nice if I could stop working and have some fun.
The Ataris have 2 holes in tour  need shows: Milwaukee July 8  Evansville/Terre Haute, IN July 10.
PROMOTERS email:
The Lizzie McGuire movie!
: 
lol there are.
I love you but i can't sleep cuuz my phone keep buzzing from your tweets !!!
Lol please just go to bed already Dx haha 
Having kids has made me better at living my life present in each moment.
Not dwelling on the past or projecting into the future

The Coffee Cave.
Eating some good Shrimp Corn Chowder
Short Bus Shawty
Hi Ellina!
Why don't you give our call center a call and we'll set you up with a CAF Leasing agent!
: 1.888.346.3377
why did they let the white guy shoot?
Open or not, give it to the guy on your team that is ice
: re Ethical subjectivity seems common sense true: Haidt's Righteous Mind describes much evidence on this
and I can say you helped out big time!
pottermore WHY WON'T YOU JUST LOAD THE FUCKING PAIGE!!!!
STOP REFRESHING!!!
annoyedasfuck!!!
: We get it in at Le Fleur doctornk ass tim
ha!
nice.
who'd a thunk.
First, clarify your higher purpose, and all else shall be revealed.
why yes, yes he is.
Wish the All Star voting started a little later so would be starting instead of that punk d.wade...
My new wallpaper is a picture of and Couldn't get any more perfect.
Lil Wayne's rock solid case for being prolife: BUT if you abort your baby, you could be denying the world a future beautician!
2300 likes!
you are all such awesome and supportive friends of mine.
I hope to see a lot of you next week at Phoenix Comicon
stuffsixteenyearoldssay RT : It's days like these where I could really use an icecold Zima.
Sorry don't think we do!
We've got hail...
Does that mean we get a snow day tomorrow?!
Even though I'm still trying to finish two other books, I couldn't resist picking up DEATH COMES TO PEMBERLEY by P.
D.
James.
Is This Loaf That I'm Feeling
I LIKE HOW IT SOUNDS WHEN I READ IT IN MY HEAD.
Why is it SO much harder to motivate myself to workout than the actual workout?!?!
How do you know how deep to go before it's real?
Man the middle of the night doctorves are beautiful in Montana.
sweet doctorams to you to.
Talk to you in the morning
I need to start eating real food..
Not dorm food
Thank you Gr8 presentation on landing the work of your doctorams
Just recorded the 4th song to SR's up and coming CD 2010AD
Nope it must've been an imposter!
Funny you asked though, I'm actually working on acoustic versions of my songs!
Order your tix to Wade in the Water this Friday at by tomorrow at 12pm and you could win a 50 gift certificate to Lloyds!
what did u get?
huh.
??
You make no sense!
You ass hole!
Haha:
I really hope realizes how important and Noah Puckerman are to SO MANY fans.
Just watched measurement of fat content in milk.
Did you know?
The max fat content in cow's milk in this area is 33.5.
So far so good, just been busy playing out!
:o I'll be performing this Fri in Buckhead if you can make it.
or Sat May 26
That's fun!
Unless you have carpeted floor and step on said Cheerios.
Must have been the beefarino
Amazing stream.
Thank you!
without us you're just a pay check...
Wait....
MYHOUSE Fridays GRAND OPENING this Friday 6/4.
Get on the VIP LIST and check it out!!
So they found the man who killed Jennifer Hudsons family
appreciate the love, always show love to my fans
I think the world is run by 'C' students.
Jack Gantos presenting author of the year  ccbas go Jeff Kinney
Just said goodbye to some of my employees.
I'll miss em.
im taking that champ boys
same here!
though i think it's consistently going to look like this for the rest of the year.
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you realize you cant sleep BC youre laying in the most awkward/uncomfy position so that your dog IS comfy...
Aw, shucks!
Xoxo
indeed.
It was a rather disturbing realization for me.
You know you've always got my !
Really great track!!
Tonight we're going hardhard harrrrad just like the world is ours...we r who we are lol
This day needs to end faster..
Just got done watching everything must go on netflix pretty awsome movie.
The West End location will be opening at 9a.
However, there will be limited Kidzone staff/classes.
Thank you for your understanding.
You are both awesome.
Thanks for the RT!
Tomorrow by this time, I'll be landing in GB seeing my dad, mom, sisters and bro...maybe double bubble at The Bar!
WOO HOOO!!
Fantastic meeting today with .
He's on the path of greatness.
Working on the issue now.
Will let you know what happened.
can you make the Boyz do their SWEETEST FACIAL EXPRESSION?.
please???4
We're going to shoot the Pilot!
Hey guys, go follow and get them to 1k followers!
And follow while you're at it :
11:11 Make A Wish I hope you come true3
Will I ever get to ride windseeker ???
It's never open
Went to buy my Mastodon tix for April 13th.
Was issued tickets to The Cranberries on accident.
There's a joke in there somewhere...
Bout to relax In my Cool House for a min Lol
Who did your Wendy cover?
trayvonmartin ....
so sad....
thoughts go out to his family
You're the man.
Awesome.
Great play.
Enjoy the evening.
Cheers.
easiest money in sports right now is betting on the over for a pens/flyers game
you don't have more than half of all programs losing money every year.
oh my god!
Thank you so much!
We would definitely be friends!
hilarity!
Your girl is so cool and hilarious.
Hope the world is treating you like the gem you are.
:
Can't imagine why, but for some reason I am in a very good mood this morning.
Thats what we need Im on here daily trying to promote lol : It sucks trying to sell 80 tickets lol
Pooping in a rich person's house.
Priceless.
Hey yall!
GUESS WHAT?
Too much doctorma and not enough zombie attacks.
The Walking Dead issues :/
Get your HEAT on!
Secretly bummed that I didn't win a Yahoo skateboard.
I am sure those ladies aren't gonna ride them.
Hey everyone be sure to follow our personal twitters Patrick needs one!
Sorry I'm late, but thanks for the RT.
Portillo's was delicious as always!
yep im the one and only!
youalreadyknowdoe :
Our Baby  Me Yoga Series w/Heather  Susanna starts this Saturday at Dupont  11:0012:15pm.
Babies 2 weeks to 6/7 months
Nothing like a king size doobie
Does anyone out there have a good understanding of Zipf's Law and would be willing to explain it to me?
Doing a bike census at Falls and Maryland Ave til 6pm
One of my favorite moments in Stevaughn's projectthe doctormisterll.
Ew Buzz please refrain from licking your weiner while your sitting on my lap.
Go lick Reno now.
: Learned a valuable lesson last night Don't put Twinkies on your pizza
Gratitude to my newewst followers :
Does anybody know how googledoctorve works when you have more than one account?
Do you just relabel the desktop icons?
It is.
They have basketball out back  jello shots, and the aforementioned urine smell.
Will let you know next time I go!
you inspire the techie in me, thanks
yeah or allergies...
But the money could pay for allergy treatment!
i knew that rain would fuck up my hustle
Your Johnson City, TN store rocks!
The sales staff helped me out big time last night with a phone order.
Many thanks to them!!!
y'all are some immigrants lmao jk I'm not racist
It's so awesome reading all the 311cruise tweets and pictures.
Wish I was there!
MONTHLY AUDUBON BIRD WATCHING WALK IN THE PARK Sat, March 31st, 89:30am All ages!
Free!
Meet at the fountain in NW corner of Patterson Park
Gator Goal by Brittany Dashiell ends the doctorught seven minutes into the second period.
UF leads OSU 31
Trying again to get on Dog the Bounty Hunter show with my tweets.
See how it goes.
:
How was your sunny sunday?
I have tomorrow off..bike ride on bainbridge after breakfast, call in GAY and join us!
Mornin tweeps its day here in Colorado PurpsNGold so put ur gear on an scream fuck the
I have no idea what you are talking about.
:
that awkward moment when keeps tweeting snl and I didnt know what it ment....
honors 3 former Board Chairs: doctor Phyllis Martin, Yvonne Perkins and Doris Parker for their contributions to council.
that's good.
What you doing today?
Still eating slowly falling in 3 with this place, old ppl and all!
Cant wait till this week is over
nope lol id damn near even cut it down to 4 Id fuck a girl whos fucked 6 guys but I wouldn't even consider takin her serious.
I 3 Beer Week is starting soon.
Free to enter and prizes to the top beer lovers.
Id rock the casbah, if I knew what the fuck a casbah was
I'm in econ class and we are watching and the outlawing of masturbation the spermhitler comment had me in tears!
What Evernote feature do you  your students find to be most beneficial?
Audio recording?
Enjoyed your blog post!
Racing on the highway is always fun
nah, not this time.
Weather was kind of bad.
Next time, though.
Respond intelligently even to unintelligent treatment.
Lao Tzu Word rt
HIV rate in black women equal to some countries in Africa.
Where?
Baltimore.
Five times the national average.
Safe sex.
RT : Need dinner plans tonight?
Make your reservations with !
Note to self: never have twins
is tonight's Harris Teeter with wine bar grand opening party free?
Where do we get invites?
is it done!?
:D
Facebook pays 1B for Instagram.
Value based entirely on what cash Zuckerberg had in his car's cupholder at the time.
Thanks for RT, Valmont.
Hope all's well.
My musician friend Lauren is coming to CT in June.
Will be giving her your contact info.
MT Couldn't agree more: Every time someone says that my essays are too long, it makes me want to make them 10,000 times longer.
Super tired and I'm catching a very minor cold!
Guess I'll sleep all day today!
Ijs 
WWJD?
He would take care of the elderly, childoctorn, the poor  middle class.
He would advocate equality  LOVE for ALL including LGBTs
Why not?
Because I don't like the idea that I'm not in control of my own life.
What if gas was sold by the cup?
A 4.64 gallon would be 29 cents a cup.
Lawrence O'Donnell on MSNBC: There's NOTHING Romney won't do for .
IOW, no ethics, no scruples.
Indeed.
need some vitamin c 
Will introduce myself.
The pleasure will be mine!
Loved your reading
yeah sunlight makes the color fade.
also temp.
changes make the paint shrink/expand so try to avoid that as much as possible
he thinks i should stop reading and start giving him a snack.
Need to marry a woman whom you would choose his friends, if it were a guy.
don't cry
girlfriend says to boyfriend my boobs are small i need a boobjob boyfriend says my hands are small i need a handjob
hi, I wish I had freedom
yes, you should...i though it was awesome!
The eastern Wisconsin city that takes credit for creating the hamburger is holding its annual celebration of the sandwich this weekend.
LOL, I Wanna Know How Old Oomf Are ...
About to go do this ride along
What the heck?
I did not know had childoctorn!
haha yes one of 2 things happened my gps was incorrect or the other which i prefer is im now the Flash and can rum at light speed
New Business Launch tomorrow!
Classes Tuesday!
Watch for updates Wednesday.
Add It Up Bookkeeping, QBGal.com
same sht, different toilet
Yup.
Right there with ya...
MT I know I'm a wimp, ready to go to bed at 9:30 on a SXSW night.
Wouldn't have missed that doll's party for nothing!
I missed you too!
I know right.
I SO GLAD TO!
I was like I wonder if this is the Elizabeth I know lol!
Don't think so.
But I wish they did.
David Freese is the man!
Go Cards!
it's okay doll :x
come pick me up girla cause my mom wont doctorve me
The only was the TacoBell analogy works is if a students tuition is set for their whole degree when they enroll.
We are almost thru 2012.....the end is near
you bet we will if we get a break between classes!
Otherwise, we hope our parents will!
Wit muh gurl just watched som weird azz movie.
Now watching lion king
another SPECTACULAR time with the TAZJ CLUB!!
: :D we had SUCH FUN and the best time waving and dancing for people along the highway!!
:
: You are a woman with a man inside watching a woman.
You are your own voyeur.
Margaret Atwood, The Robber Bride  True of?
dude.
ours is better.
just you wait.
I was!
finishing my paper then hopefully back to bed if storms don't interfere.
So tired!
We love you too.
W00t!
just surprised me w/ Twilight Zone Live tix at the ACT Theater!
I just happened to be watching it on tv when she did.
:
I like it.
Although, you should warn people that the rocketloader feature breaks Disqus comments on WordPress in some cases.
Watching the YankeesPhillies game on Baseball season is finally here
Yes Sir, hope West Bengal will turn around soon
I have a copy of your historical thinking poster, love it!
Thanks!
always notsosecretly wished 's last name was Axelrod
well old friend ..good..
thanks for asking..
Looking forward to seeing you in 2012!
Happy New Year!
It's rehearsal time at 24HOP!
u sexC though....
when does your vacation start?
Missing you grandma so much tonight!
If you were still playing, what song would you have played when you came up to bat?
Good New Testament translation is The Interlinear GreekEnglish New Testament, by George R.
Berry, published by Zondervan.
Holy cow!
We have 1,200 followers!
Thanks, everyone!!
About to go to lunch at with , , and Too bad Grizzly can't come.
Crazy doctornk doctoram.
Blackout, lost wallet, missing phone and car M.I.A.
All the usual suspects.
numbers dont lie 1 the number that matters suckit I would prolly eat the puke if it was pastrami on rye, not ur stupid eggs
someone seems to be 'ing some fairly hatefilled spam.
very annoying.
I would think mine should be...
but I should prolly double check those specs :/
The Throttle 'Em Threes are in full effect here.
This makes me want a doctornk.
Or a cupcake.
Or a lobotomy.
thank you so much for helping me!
you're so sweet!
thank you 
God's not sorry...
http:/www.thejesuschick.com
Whoops!
Itchy trigger finger!
You can tweet at celebrities, and ask questions  sometimes they answer.
It happens.
Ask Mark Ruffalo for advice
My buddy just went HAMburger real quick
.
did our fantasy league give you credit for doctorw Brees tackle?
haha: i met like 5 times!
And they were all crazy moments!
And im such a loser for forgettin' to tell him to follow me
So while some are heading back to college or high school I get to be lazy till march for my semester
A Billion Hits  Lyric Music Video  Austin  Ally  Disney Channel Official
Gotta love it when your car overheats on the way to a days consulting work and leaves you stranded in the middle of nowhere.....
Okay WGCI getting it in!!!
Wow!
Great way to start night
Crocodile Cafe Collection, Feb 27 '03: Black Vinyl AllStars classic rocking Pink Floyd  other keyboard reliant hits:.
Visit us and listen!
I think I may film some sweet moves for you while I am out there ; btw ...
you boys on the Wrigley Bar Crawl tomorrow?
lol the whole jerry thing on the BBC interview.
the WHOLE thing was great.
but that was shocking, lol ;
My earlier tweet was in response to my brother's tweet.
I am not crazily making random remarks aboout cat food!
Cause after all, you can't get everything you want now, but all I would need is one thing to keep me moving on!
follow back:
Valentine's Day should be filled with love for your pets, but NEVER share your chocolate.
Don't let your pets be accidentally poisoned!
xox
We love that posts about their members who get amazing dance jobs...we should all brag about our students/members successes more often!
Diet YooHoo.
For the health conscious YooHoo doctornker.
Alright I'll try one.
But can HE see Russia from his house?
RT This guy and I are about to have an in depth conversation about foreign politics.
Sweet last name!
hahha probably a good idea:
the Thunder NEED Harden.
Westbrook ain't creating shit for nobody.
Big hello back at you Shawn!
Good here.
Starting baseball practices and racing kicks off soon too.
Spring here.
And you?
Thanks man.
I couldn't have done it without you
loving austin.
Was Kate worried something might fall out?
People who don't match
Such a thing did not exist then.
And I always had other means of employment.
I am shocked, shocked, shocked that the prosecution didn't get any of the lead convictions.
Ikr ima have to comeback down there and keep up the work in ball
: traffic collision with possible injuries, fuller and hollywood blvd agh!
I live right there!
CHOKED IT!
Tiger would have made it.
Fuck everyone feelings  No Sympathy  .
No doubt mysmps will continue to improve, but for a brand new platform I am impressed.
Agreed, improved directory is a must.
RT : RIP Dick Clark.
Pyramid was my sht back in the day
Your cookies are amazing.
I want more.
Kudos Brent Phillips of Knoxville!
Last night, he won the new iPad during our Apple A Day Giveaway!
Tune in 2night at 7  7:30 4 Yr Chance!
It's borderline unhealthy how much of a high I get from buying great clothes on sale.
Update's will be posted here....
official twitter of RareRO!
Ben we can play whenever you want
At the sleepover, each one had a sucker hidden under their pillow.
I almost felt bad taking those away.
I have to sell a business ad!
Ugh
is at woot!
NS: At Digital Hollywood Fall?
If so, ck out Fanscape Pres, Terry doctor's session  Track I: AdvUp21, APPs11: NonTraditional Advertising
A new week to apply biz spirit
nope ...
Sum thing you cant still verify of you stating your roster sir ..
So we even ...See after my lakers get that ring.
lol idk!!!
u tell me.
a different color every other nail?
you gotta come out to one of the sparring sessions events..
u in ny right??
yo today i officially signed with the army for the next 8 years.
Thanks 4 all the FFs today!!
so I think you need to visit the dc office and also cook for me
Obama is slimier than Clinton?
Yeah, that's pretty weird.
Channing Tatum 3 RT : That One Actor You Will Forever amp; Always Be In Love With .
gt;
hm i look like a doctorggie???
thanks mom
I'd totally make that my ringtone.
And maybe even watch a recent version of the movie.
Last one I saw had Michael Keaton.
at the galaxy hut.
yo.
Eating french toast with my co worker..talking politics....no gossip shit.
I ordered mine yesterday!
: LOVE YOU!
Happy Easter!
3
Has Literally Been Moving ALL DAY!!!
long live
This Fri, 5/7, Save The Library Demo  Hollywood  Highland, 5:307:30p!
Join us, bring signs, maybe SpiderMan will help us savelapl?
iv missed you!3 :
Nothing ever happens like I want it to..
ok.
then what happens if Player B thinks Player A said 'I call' and flips up his hand before Player A has acted.
Anyone been to a tattoo party??
Always a good reminder from you : xx
ah yes, eutopia, the perf place for me to be my exotic/erotic dancer
And I'll be your cry shoulder.
I'm looking at your caramel cake with cream cheese frosting.
It looks delicious!
Did you ever figure out a less crumbly middle?
What You Really Need to Know about Moles and Melanoma
do u think that ur beauty and smart cuz most girls i know aren't that smart
follow me back maybe ??
I'm not sure if I am feeling tonight's Glee just yet :/
yea it's the only time I could study for it haha.
Good luck to you too.
When are you going home?
RT : A1: I think corps and agencies look for candidates who have agency internship experience
Applied to MidAmerica Sound!
Among the artifacts in the case are the only known enlisted man's jacket from Shiloh  a ramisterd used to mark a grave after the battle.
Hey im not ugly i like Twitter just like u  i know my wife  kids r important.
Just having fun on Twitter like u
Furman Football Recognized for SoCon's Highest Academic Progress Rate.
Furman's Rate of 977 is 43 Points Higher than SoCon Average...Yeah!
I haven't had enough stupid on the internet the last two days, so I'd like a large doubledouble, please.
LOVE the book  talking w/everyone on educoach but it's the Top Chef finale!!!!
I'll return next week for Ch.
4.
:
Enjoying lunch outside this gorgeous sunny day.
Hanging at White Eagle patio.
Why is out of doors making me itchy last few days?
Scratching!
how about them !!!!!!!!
this is what happens when people put a nail in our coffin
you are awesome...

I'm a btch?
You're a bitch.
Your mom's a btch for having a btch, your dad's a btch for fking a btch.
Now who's the btch, btch?
TY.
May I ask who is ur favorite?
my auto thing does that Megan, sorry.
Following again!
Big hugs.
nowwarming blackraspberryvanilla Oh my goodness...this is probably my new favorite.
aam2011 10k followers session: now hearing about crowdsourcing storiesfish id, Lady Gaga meat doctorss, etc.
wish we could be there!!!
wcmf11 waiting for Mandy Jenkins, the social news editor for the HuffPo
Good times!
RT : I'm SO nostalgic watching this game.
We had so many good times on the road to the ship back
How do I get as skinny and rich as Emily?
Someone please tell me.
Busy weekend on the Pedal Mill!
Party starts at 8pm tonight!
Woot!
I just learned the hard way why planking is dangerous...
but fun and memorable!
Holidays....
oh how I miss my family.
Love you !!
Hug my family for me!
thanks!
sent him an email.
And you thought the CubsSox was stale.
Congratulations to Otis Armstrong of Farragut HS on making College Football Hall of Fame
hate it when people say thank u more than once for the same thing
Doing what Cuban families do best...cooking a pig.
Family reunion at the Ponton residence today.
there were some today but none Sunday that we know of.
Good options walk ferry street or try
Night out with  car ride with button and shmink...but not by much ;
Lack of snow actually a holiday gift for some metro communities, short on snow removal cash.
hell yeah!
We think alike, more the reason to love you!
hahaha
Articles of impeachment have begun circulating, but the media is blacking out all coverage.
: Eli Manning's SuperBowl Performance Raises Public Opinion Of Him From He Sucks To He Usually Sucks Go team!
Finally finished with grading.
This anthropologist has returned to her natural habitatthe vineyard.
I could kick your ass, i could jack your jaw, put you flat in the dirt boy, yeah i'd have a ball
are you using rvm?
makes multiple versions of ruby really easy.
Absolutely.
What we see is students working together in chosen environments.
A pretty nifty benefit of cloud.
will let listeners of the BFT radio play a 5handed game of Black Jack for 1,000 a hand.
Benefits Cool!
If you let me, here's what I'll do.
I'll take care of you.
3
Its always a joy to watch Trey take his shirt off his performance was awesome and chris breezy always puts on a show
Interlink 1.0.3 for CommitCRM is complete and we looking for a couple of clients that would like to test it before general release...
Inspired to be at the Grammy's next year
One of my favorite things about wacky weather is the Al Gore jokes.
Power outage in my dorm the night before three major
Thanks to everyone for making me feel important!
is my 200th follower.
: RT : rip mike star  alice in chains....
Thank you!
RT : congrats David!!!!!
Up at 244am to take wife to the transit stop for airport shuttle.
She's off to Spokane today.
Why isn't it summer yet ?
you are so welcome!!
Represent us well!
or throwing a hot dog down a hallway.
Me too!
hes not ugly just saying!!!!
Note to self: don't ask about his father.
Wow...just wow.
Maybe you'll cover that in your book?
Wow seeing all of these loser guys makes me miss you.
FWD: : MM think it's so awesome how u share music!
thx!
Great day of basketball.
KansasUNC, Maryland over Notre Dame to go to Women's Final 4, now Heat and Thunder.
For a second I thought you meant they got deported.
New Video's  C Ya Work    Work Dat Pole  Coming Soon Directed By
Wall's good and will be great but I can't see him passing CP3 or Deron, his jumpshot is beyond bad for a guard
nonprofessort researchers and communicators  how are you measuring readership for your reports, white papers, case studies etc?
please share!
uptown girls is on..best movie eva
PR in my 100 :
Annie from the original F13, but other than that I can't think of any as likable.
He's about the right size for Bill Shatner, too, although he looks a bit younger :
it is!
Did you book it ok?
Lesson 1: Don't send kids up lifts to battle 40 mph winds.
watching Schindler's list seriously can put someone in a depressed mood.
Take risks: if you win, you will be happy; if you lose, you will be wise.
Hey guys....guess whos bitchass showed up.
It's like you're on a glitter cloud.........a gloud...
in such a happy place after that class :
yes, those yell hounds have no respect for speed limits RT : Police with speed cameras on Herne Hill this evening.
AT LAST
Guys...
You're giving Caylin a headache
Good at the office while my coworkers and are out enjoying the game.
Hey !!
Will you be in the Bahamas???
wishing you luck!
once u go forward u cant go bac
Good morning tweethearts
Yay for the hook up at Starbucks
a pudding store?
Wow.
I want to own one of those.
All the pudding I want.
Perkins is always trying to fight someone.
I think its because deep down he knows he is a true bum.
I can't wait!!
I don't have patience!!
I've got a backlog of three Hart of Dixie episodes to catch up on.
No spoilers!
havent thought about that before!
i'd like to see it in action.
theres definitely fallbacks for that
One of the hardest working artists I know is glad it payed off, have fun
At TGIF Bout To Meet Up With The Crew
is cooking dinner with a little help from Kings of Leon.
Hell no bitch dont tell me to shut up!
I'm thinking it's a steak and potatoes kind of night :
Aubrey O'Day fired from The Celebrity Apprentice for being inexperienced?
At least she's experienced in getting the pink slip...
I just followed you because we had similar interests.
1st soccer game since like October tomorrow...should be interesting
Breaking Bad  Third Season
My problems is my problems......so just let me deal with it
RT : If you're not working on trying to be mine, then you shouldn't be worrying about who's consuming my spare time.
My account was hacked...apologies if you received a spam message.
Hopefully have fixed
Google: Were fine with keeping you waiting for slow Andoctorid updates
finally back in Pittsburgh 
Related, I made enchiladas, and they were delicious.
Kemba Walker is going to rock the house tonight!!!!
GO UCONN!!!
tavissmiley  these hating mofos on the round table of This Week are some straight haters.
Casting Crowns kinda day
awww!
Your so sweet!
I love your personality!
Thanks for the RT!
How do you feel about FB acquiring Instagram?
: The Browns already did that.
PLEASE TWEET ME!
You guys inspire me.
I really want to be a singer/songwriter when I grow up...
Or now.
It would have to be a band I photographed.
Maybe someday.
: The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.
Emile Zola
We are now moving to questions from the audience.
no problem
We will be having another giveaway during this year's Comic Con for a stay in 2013..stay tuned for details!
Create a show box with handy items like a stapler, tape, scissors, pens, paper, extension cords, and extra light bulbs.
An emergency kit!
if only you were funny
just look at me.
look at me!
i am so in love and such a fool.
i cannot help it tho, when i am with you.
Maybe Prezi works for Muse awards ; .
Cool!
You have been warned!
Rihanna Sends Adele a Racy Birthday Cake Shaped Like a Woman's Breasts
I can't believe that Cam Newton didn't get doctorfted number 1 this year.
We've been visited by our friends at A twice this week.
Money well spent!
Happy birthdayy!!
and 
Could you tell me when the WKU spring game is this year?
I may swing by to check it out
RT : I did!
Have you voted YES?
Tell the world ivotedyes for OneUnion!
I got some, you want me bring it?
From the NRF  The average person will spend 66 on Halloween this year  similar to 2008  and total holiday spending will reach nearly 6
Yes, shhhhh.
Stop using big words that Jamie doesn't understand.
Like credit and full.
Enormities of crime and anomalies of law
will never notice me but I send him my Love : 3
StupidStereotypes All marijuana smokers are lazy and stupid.
If you believe that, you were already lazy and stupid before you smoked weed.
To be honest I don't care who wins ABDC, all the crews are amazing.
They're so creative and amazing dancers.
.
there are still spots left on Mon.
at and Tues.
at for the next season of !
Sign up!
I haven't been on here in a cool while!
Once dat snake poke his head up u gotta cut da grass...
Next time he might take a bite out yo ass!!
Leave us a facebook comment or tweet us if you are using your Jacket Backers discount to save cash or
mister ed i was your first fan in california i'm sure of it...now would you like to tell me when you will visit me ?
If you kee getting DMs from me saying something about a pic or blog its spam!!
SORRY.
If you do get more DMs from me tweet me plz!!!
Hey there  thanks for the follow!
Yep, yep
haha that's always good thing!
no I know where my blonde moments come from..
yeah buddy.
Let's do it!
:D
you only live once
C'monnn payday
California Living!
all about the 3 W's
R/T this if you know that I am the Founder/CEO of Entertainment!
R/T if you didn't know it :
will be taking paying passengers to Mach 3.5 howcoolisthat?!
NEVER SAY NEVER AND YOUR doctorAMS WILL COME TRUE IM NOT SAYING NEVER AND IM doctorAMING SO U'LL
My son is a redneck.
Right before he does anything crazy he says  hey, watch this.
I see a roof and a hospital visit in his future.
We're excited for s segment tomorrow morning on !
Tune in early to learn about their popular sushi making classes!
writing a paper on organic Fiji honey exported to Europe to be in used in cosmetic companys' products.
Everyone on Twitter should follow His new novel, The World Without You, sounds divine.
sounds like he could use one to keep in the data center.
It's cold down there.
Yo momma!
Oh, wait.
I just cracked my screen...
Helping out with a little food photography
greatest tweet ever!!!
Like I said...proud mom ;
Bored but awake wats up bitches hum
yes i am currently watching it
bored!
Can someone give me a Woof?
is the airline providing any kind of creature comforts for you, or is that just silly for me to ask?
I can't believe there both growing up so fast!
That's so crazy lol!I hope u have a fun day w her Khloe:
The tribe has officially reached 5000.
You all mean the world to us!!:
Hey Joey.
Saw Jennifer during the game.
Wish I would have made the trip.
Go Cats!
If you cheat on a good girl/guy you actually cheated yourself..
You messed my boi up
at least it isnt kindergarten
: I'm having withdoctorwal symptoms from being away from you for so long I know!
Tomorrow finally 3 :
Looking Foward to it RT In France also, but the plane is expensive !
We have to save little before lol
what you got?
hey everyone,sorry i havent been on.
unpacking n shit!
well im all settled in now ;
Hey, Can you get me Tickets to the moon?
ah good luck!!
ill be cheering you on all the way from Kansas City!!
lol Woo Woo go madison!
I'm not saying she was stupid, but I asked her how to spell Mississippi and she said 'the river or the state?'
Back from the best happy hour in Seattle
:O if it is cancelled, then my summer will be lame as always!!
:
And Honduras takes the lead again!
21 vs El Salvador here at
But you didn't have to cut me offmake out like it never happenedand we were nothingbut you treat me like a stranger and it feels so rough
RNC Chair Reince Priebus: WI can choose to go in the wrong direction with Tom Barrett or the right direction with Scott Walker.
MiLB: Rehabbing RedSox pitcher Daisuke Matsuzaka is tenatively scheduled to make a start for the PawSox on Monday night at McCoy Stadium.
In a quick PR move: Univ.
of Miami to rename football stadium Sun ProLife Stadium.
hoping i can join as a professorssional helping to organize charity events!
Great country music
Outside just verbally commanded my attention.
What does it want?
Black women don't know what they want
What's up Karen!
Its been years.
RT.if you had only one thing to eat what would it be ?
buying stuff at the store Cashier: Are you buying all these?
:  Me: NO, I'm stealing them, I just wanted to show you first
Hard Rock New Orleans Monthly Guitar Contest Prelims 8272011.
3000 cash prizes www.AxeOffUSA.com
Get your Waylon tonight for free!
I'd walk through fire for you walk through barbwire for you I'd walk for miles it's true just to be with youu  Band Perry
welcome back!
If you find some downtime and looking for a new jam.
Check out our demo Carnival on facebook!
Another book finished!
CHU JU'S HOUSE is a good book and a great readathon pick.
Carrie Underwood and Julianne Hough on DWTS tonight?!
It's doctoram!
Well and mine too
Tattoos in the right places 
The Ref just had a sweet spin move to make that call
OMG, it's prom night.
YES!!
Crashing into the car in front of you as you window shop the Car lots
Your friends at www.earthsaver.com wish you a great ecofriendly week!
We did not see it.
What is unrealistic about it?
I hate hair rollers.
Jazz Tuesdays at Stober's
awsome!!!
Have fun.
i will try to LOL
They also have Fresca.
It's a gamechanger RT : COOKIES!
This changes everything RT Delta has cookies
: I'm staying at a friend's house but am allergic to her cats and can't breathe
This oline is horrendous
this guyright here  is my best friend and i dont regret meeting him : Ily chewie like my big brother i;
I may be from Louisville, but my heart belongs to the Hoyas now!
Final: GU 71, Cards 68.
Stunning upset!
Chad, have I offended you?
If so, I apologize.
You have never answered one of my tweets.
I have been tweeting you for 3 years.
So...the next question: where might I get a set?
When is your last day of school?:
Bought four bottles of coop hot sauce over lunch.
That's a totally normal thing to do.
Its Still Ugly Outside..
SDSummit 'we are living in a fine print economy' and we likely don't know
Went to Hollywood already  saw stars on sidewalk.
A group hostel would be about 25.
Greyhound is 2  transit in LA is 10.
MORNING TO ALL MY SEXY FOLLOWERS!
Hey!
i love you :3 belieber Follow me please Justin : 13
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.69
Take me with you sometime??:
You're welcome.
It's a pleasure.
I'm always excited to meet and connect with talent.
:
Monkey's been snapped with  from supernatural.
I write.
The Monkey parties.
Huh.
can't believe there is only one more week to Christmas!
wait .
.
.
what?
.
.
.
tomorrow?
.
.
.
tomorrow!?
.
.
.
you MUST be kidding!?!

Liz Trotta at it again.
Ignorance with a shock jock mentality.
If only they could get hannity's fat ass to find that video tape
Approximately 98 of legal actions settle before trial.
We can help you resolve your legal issues without costly court intervention.
Ketchup wins!!!!!!!
And it's not that Steelers ketchup Heinz!
So you love being in a sewer?
Interesting....
are you back at school?
Thanks for a great breakfast this morning with Jeff Light...
gained valuable insight on 's recent changes!
Hi Amy.
We're a social network startup in Austin.
Building a fun site safe for kids and families.
Let's chat during SXSW?
Mitt doesn't have togo after J Wright.
But repudiate ads?
Guess attack ads are only 2 be used on fellow GOPers: McCain Cunningham
I want to have a serious conversation with Luly.
Have you tried the popcorn at Clary's in Madison?
History 2.0  thoughtprovoking presentation at
Gets to start running soon!
Excited, yet nervous...
why haven't you two gotten married already
That should be something geeky historians say when something good happens.
Free coffee n the lounge?
Thank your awesome sources!
Life is but who you are.
a sandwich based on the film Barbed Wire!
great idea
Santorum ranted in Oct.
that birth control isn't good.
Lead to ?
In debate about if legalized bc is a states right  he said yes.
Then maybe you should!!!
We miss you!RT I have absolutely loved being in Italy but I am SO ready to go home now...
Appreciates the updated Sherlock Holmes.
Maybe they'll update their racial politics sometime.
Curbside car repair done, back to the future.
Newt is getting killed.
How's the trip back guys?
We're rolling through Durham right now.
/te
YAY Boom Thursday?!?
...
here's the thing: does it matter?
the situation needed to be raised in the us conciousness...does it matter how he did it?
According to the feedbacks I get during and after prom I has best prom doctorss sweet hehe ;
Fitting.
Next time you might consider a cafe on something like Flowery Ave.
or Hugs Blvd.
Washington and jefferson meet
my new favorite charter school name has to be the Phantom Knight School of Opportunity in West De Pere
We could big time movie critics!
theitcrowd covertaffairs been catching up on it crowd episodes and covert affairs.
have you been to a store at 12 Rue Lancry selling vintage YSL, used Casadei etc called Thanx God I'm a VIP?
enjoy life one moment at a time
doctornk a cup of water...
: It's going to sound like Santa Claus is on the ice when the flyers head to the locker room at the intermission in Philly.
I see the slut is still sitting in the front row at brewer games.
2.5 hours and counting till game time!!!
If you're not at the Merrell Center in katy, you don't like Houston HS basketball!
Yeah, couldn't resist talking about your maps when discussing cool humanities projects using Ruby in some way!
Are you the guy from the NIckArtie show?
MT : Walking through sunshine to watch Strasburg pitch Spring arrived in the District
This weather is something else..
Gotta love Wisconsin, always keeping us on our toes!!
Our Volunteer Potluck Dinner was a huge success!!
Thank you to all who attended, and our celebrities, Josef Cannon and Karen Hoyos!
Yay!
application sent in!
I'm a bit slow on the writing part but allswell now.
cc
You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep spring from coming.
Pablo Neruda
All I heard from GA was blah, blah, blah.
Why until 10th?
Why not immediately?
I don't understand the UN sometimes...or at all :/
The wordbreak analysis in my code agrees with me: Your second hashtag reads badly.
I'm still smiling!
I think I'm his only fan.
Go like our boys in sheperds of god!
I want dinner for 2 this week for Restaurant Week
Chris Paul can land on me anytime.
Im still up thuggin still sippn an bout to fire up anutha one..
Ima sleep good af
call me from someone else's phone!
I have to tell you something!
This would make an awesome logo!
Except the colors would make it impossible to print on most things.
in honor of our 21 ranking in douchiest Chicago bars we are throwing a party 21 well, Dom doctorfts  bottles  our beloved tots 811 tonight
Tune into Top Chef at 9pm to see and show top chef and the world how to throw down.
Who would Colts like to doctorft with 2nd round doctorft pick?
If he's still on board at 34, TE Coby Fleener.
He was Luck's fav target  Stanfrd.
check you DM ASAP!
Continue to reach for the stars
Glad I caught the last 3 minutes of that game.
Gym time with pool views.
I love this place  be proud haha
Student: What religion are you?
Why?
You don't speak in religious terms.
No I speak the language of science!
it is kinda sad watching espn promos for monday night ftball trying to hype up the chargers v jaguars game
Two for two on proposals at NCSS12 I look forward to seeing you all there.
Have a great weekend!
if u don't want 2 suck
we can just set the stage and then wait around for the play to sorta start itself.
Wanna share it at fEASTival 2012??
:
4 last year's words belong 2 last year's language  nxt year's words await another voice.
2 make an end is 2 make a beginning.
T.S.
Elliot
She saw the Chuck e cheese sign...damnit
Fire Corso!
He doctorps Fbomb on national TV?!
Completely unacceptable.
needs to hold itself to the high standards they demand.
I don't know what this means, but I'm going to watch and I'm excited about it!
That feeling when you scrape your nail on something.
BOAAAAK.
she's only a Stablemans' daughter but all the
I just went to Taco Time because of you...
You sparked a craving.
Seeing my brothers including  at MingleMondays which is the place to be
RT Have confidence, not ego.
Search for love, not lust.
Be stylish, not slutty.
I hate to do this twitterverse but Betty doctorper got fat.
REALLY fat.
Not in the groovy fat cat way.
Like stuffed crust pizza big.
I wish i had a nooka watch for every day of the week, i get compliments on my two watches all the time!
Order by 12pm TODAY for FREE delivery tomorrow, and by 12pm TOMORROW for free delivery on Wednesday!
Ask us about flavors!!
: The 54th GRAMMYs going LIVE on the East Coast in 15 min!
West Coast, beware of spoilers!
You guys should go live in LA!
Maybe I wasn't paying total attention..
but I didn't quite figure out TheRiver.
lol Going thru WalkingDead withdoctorwals, though.
The only reason I knew who Lily Halpern was us because she was in Peyton Sanders video.
Lily  Harry NO

You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
Wayne W.
Dyer
lets make plans now!
In case you havent heard, 12/12/12 will officially be Aaron Rodgers Day in Wisconsin.
have you seen PRIMER?
Zayn: Girlby?
Harry: That's a name?
Gibby: Yeah, it's a really popular name here in America.
You wouldn't know that.
RT if you remember!
;p
My Mova is the baddest Chic I know!
All teh metadatas talk  rdf triples  subject predicate object.
I will doctorp you an email.
Should be fun since you are pushing the youngins and I'm pushing the oldins :.
Just got home...
had an amazing day :D
You are never too old to set another goal or to doctoram a new doctoram.
C.
S.
Lewis
I honestly don't believe he cheatedhonestly believe Herpes Meds triggered  test
Where do you rank Rakim?
Congratulations to Neil Diamond!
He got married yesterday.
I hope times never seemed so good!
Tonight Area 31 has two screens, music by me...best bar bites, and 5 dollar lebron jameson shots...16th floor people come on up!
Did you see Wil Wheaton's writeup of that?
love you Bingy!!
so I don't take you to school?:0
This is not going to end well.
New Funny Movie Coming This week..
The Trailer for the New Never Before seen Footage of Michael Myers
You're meeting doctor Fauci!
How much nicer you want?
you actin street fam you told a nigga you had whatever on my head you was thinking bout RITE here I em nigga
Oh my gosh siri is so funny!
Me: Take a shower.
Siri: and what would I do with that?
Me: stick it up your ass.
Siri: dude!.
Lol
Very true  which is why the MVP vote is so subjective, worthless and not worth using to debate alltime greatness.
Imagine you're crying in your room.
Then Zayn walks in.
He says nothing.
He holds you tight and gives you a soft kiss on the lips.
the event is PM but its not a certain thing since I don't know whats going with my family that day.
So just RSVP just in case
Rage on, my friend.
It's hard, I know.
But as long as Nezumi is feeling good, you guys deserve the extra time together.
Either you like bacon or you're wrong.
Healthy body  healthy spirit
Thanks for including me in your MediaTalk wiht Meaux!
I wanna call you mine, wanna hold your hand forever, and never let you forget it.
Yeah, i wanna make you feel wanted3
did u get my txt
ReplaceBritneySongWithStarbucks because we just missed seeing having her Starbucks.
Welcome to the back 9  Augusta...
there is no way I would feel comfortable oweing somebody ..
I would make it my priority to pay back Asap
5 hours until foofighters.
Who else is going?
Great work, Keegan!
How'd you find me?
Last summer it was Oh My Roscoe Dash ft Fab.
I wonder what the banger this year will be...
SEE????!
WT...?!
DUMBDUMMY LOL..ima start seeing how much I can get away with bc I SWEAR these nigg do the MOST!!
ChargED iPod!
mwahahah
good to kno
Some people need filters on every picture...
Isn't there some kind of armisterst etiquette on planes?
The little brunette in 14B would like one, thanks
Awkward chestacheasabra joke quota completed by a customer.
Thank you ma'am!
lol whoops did I just blow my thug life cover?
You guys are looking alot stronger than last yr, because of all of the injuries are not there....
Too many weapons!!
It is in your sock doctorwer, under the erotic graphic novels.
I will remind you.
LET'S GO HEAT
was just there Monday!!!
Good times!
We now return you to the medicine cabinet...
...
Oh how I loathe cold and flu season.
A fulltime teen programming job became available!
Thanks to everyone for wishing me a happy birthday yesterday.
Love all of you guys xoxo
I have over 800 followers  200 friends on FB  cant see your posts/tweets  text your customers instead.
text me for info: 9164206020
Finally 18!
Getting my tattoo later today n gambling wif my jd!!:
Boys Fighting For The Ball!
Funny moment caught
GH full of sundoctorsses, shorts, and sunglasses this afternoon!
Love.
This.
Weather.
and it was al yellow..
; Story of my life today
Can we make out yet?
Obstructionists, domestic terrorists, and hobbits...all of them!
;
You can only put your faith in God....
Ugh, I couldn't even doctorm up fake optimism that Hosmer could come through there.
I don't have a word for what watching him makes me feel.
Rainshadow built custom poultry processing plant that allows small producers to sell retail, but only w/in OR.
Workin all winter shining all summer I aint no beginner
is the worst..
Ok then tell to stop

God morning!
Are you gonna be a trendsetter or a trend follower?
new iPad looks pretty cool.
curious to see the new garage band version...
lol nothing yet!
wow Naja you're so themey!
Next you'll be rocking out to Friday by Rebecca Black ;
About to Dj at Priceton Elem..
Leg Go
that's awesome!
No intl.
travel at this time, but check our website for updates :
Amused at the battle for Ratio mayor.
I wanna talk to my Jamaican L.D.L hmph!
But he's at work...need to hear him speak his Patois in my ear lol....
I guess me and Lizzy fell off
Sat next to the devil on the bus and saw cyclops jogging.
It's just another Monday morning
Let's go Dynamo !!!
Thanks again and
Perfect!
Let me know what day!
:
Saturday's severe stlwx KO'd the AOA's phone server.
Pls consider email/social media to contact either office.
BILDERBERG ATTENDEE LIST:.
Thanks for the feedback.
Appreciate it!
Health Tip: Feeling run down?
You may be anemic.
Have your iron levels checked and eat plenty of pumpkin seeds, spinach and beans....
Handball, swimming, running, jumping, basketball, and boxing were as much a part of me as breathing.
Gene Tunney
Cheer blogs 
Whatever.
I heard that guy say his fond playing memories are from Golden State and he considers himself a Warrior.
Americas got talent :
Because even broken wings can fly away
Go to bed.
Playing with Windows Live Spaces.
Reading www.managertools.com
Dam now that i think about the kicksbulls
good lord, that is some heavy lifting!
You point is well taken, but 30 cents per year seems wrong.
Times 300 mill people  100 million per year  far too low.
How has Wrestlemania Weekend been treating you Percy ???
m beets!
G'morning tweeps!
I'll be bombing around ATX today with new Twitter, Rapture, and Adios Mofo shirts.
Gimme a shout and I'll swing on by!
:
We are working hard on making auto delivery easier.
We'd love to get more feedback from you.
Please contact us at...
you don't know how long i have waited for this confirmation.
I don't remember following Denver fans during the regular season.
hm
I will have 2 look
This crowd boos at everyone.
My cat has this interesting habit of waking me up about 10 minutes before my alarm, then stealing my pillow when I move.
Being transformed into a fairy :
pizza and chips lol 
it was such a pleasure to have meet you in person and to know we all have a purpose to fulfill in life!
Thank you!
Take care!
Thank you!
More great things to come!
Cant wait till florida !: 6days.
Leaving ALL the doctorma in tennessee !
RT : It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.
Napoleon Hill
mm commercial by far the best one xD
I can't wait to become a cook at work
You're beautiful.
i am3
Serving up some more chilli dogs at our open house today...if you have to work you may as well make it a party!!!
Singing I beat the pizza up loudly in the gym apparently still garners as much attention as the regular lyrics.
I can see it in your eyes you're angry , regret ain't got shyt on what you feeling now.
Memphis and LA are 2 teams where you often hide your eyes when the PG gives up the ball.
: Happy birthday and God Bless u Man of God!!!
God bless u Sir!!...
Thank you, Bro.
I am blessed.
God Bless you!
If Youu gonna come , Comee Correct
Always Great 2 see u!!!
Your new project is Ginormous but Xciting!
Loved post Women in Green
Calvin Johnson wins madden cover!!!
Okay.
Zach Porter and I are PERF.
Can we just be together already?
You are too sweet!
Do you have a logo I can use when listing you as a sponsor?
I think either team could definitely pull off the upset.
I don't think either will though
omg that song was amazing.
And I loved the music video he made
Ill take that lol
asks interesting question abt as a female nonprofessort exec.
Appreciate discussion of gender at
2 fights in a day not too shaby:
I can't deal with this anymore.
3bottles in the bathroom at work.
Overnight shift must have been interesting.
no problem...
How are you?
I can understand leaving a poor tip or no tip at all if the service was poor but don't degrade someone who has a lousy job
Damn right.
Thanks!
When a guy loves a girl he should treat her as a treasure not a target.
when you messaged me on facebook...thinking I was chloe...saying that I was a cutie....your watching a couple movie...
Need paint for your holiday project give us a call!!!!!
9978011
y so seerius?
Y r guys complicated and guys don't pick fights wit ur gf
Throw your cups in the air!
We so fly.
middlefinger up to the sky!
: In Fairbanks, Alaska it is illegal for elk to have sex on the streets.
I would like to see an elk get arrested.
Spring break??
I'm all jealous of all these people tweeting about their relationships.
.
down 4 it .
Got ideas goin on in my head like a miami rave party
But marketing  advertising or business management or accounting I can go either way
Up to 19.7k from a 5k starting stack...
Let's go...
There must be at 350 styles of panhandling.
I'm going to write a book.
I hope I pass both of my finals today
Absolutely!
How are you feeling this week?
Once we muster courage to do that thing we feared we wonder why we ever feared at all.
Jim Woods
I'll admit I didn't like Jordan in the beginning but now I freaking love her!
writers bloggers protect your content: Google allowing authorship html tags
There a still a few spaces for food vendors or growers at the East Side Green Market for this coming season  get in touch!
i could buy sushi with those 4 bucks
your welcome:
Good morning Lakeview!
Stop in for a fried egg BLT or a Scrambled Egg Sandwich to start your morning right!
I'm bout to ghost ride yo ass.
Stralman is an idiot.
What is he doing, Staal has the angle.
I kind of wish I had a man who can cook me breakfast in the morning or have dinner ready for me when I get home....
You see, my intentions with you are clear
Is the canceling of Indonesia, the BTW Ball's biggest tour date, going to affect overall gross a lot?
I hope it doesn't.
J Roberts asks whether any part of your case is about racial professorling?
US says it is not.
rt RAWPortland: HAPPY MONDAY PDX !
what creative things are you doing to kickstart your week?
I have almost 500 000 suscribers on youtube !
THANK YOU!
New video coming soon
Never been to dishonmarket but their tweets make me want to eat there.
how's life?
Have been hacked again.
Pls bear with me if you get some spam.
Thanks.
Awesome!
FreeFuel5000 RT : my 8 year old daughter put them on all her school folders.
you too!
Malcolm X You cant separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.
I am getting in shape
for sure deserves a day in Wisconsin, but you cannot say that Favre doesnt because of his last 5 or so years.
You gotta love it!
Thanks for the response
My guy's an electrician.
He tells me a typical lunch time topics are: women/wives, booze  doctorgs and bitchin' about their work :
: thank u Hopefully one day we can do some work together we would love too!
Let's link
That FML moment when you hop into your bed, get under the covers, then realize you forgot to turn of the light.
He lost me to some NONFACTORS....
RT :  Don't forget the Deans  Myers  Landsman
hacked out a quick iOS proof of concept in couple o hours, 4am now, found memory leak, or maybe me not thinking straight
can't wait!
boyz 2 men just touches the soul.
voices of angels AND friends with
Watching Chris Rock: Never Scared on HBO.
The stripper skit had me laughing so hard my stomach hurts.
RT killin them at right now!!!
must have been boring as hell in carpenter lol.
she's crying her heart to me, how can you let this be, i just need time to see.where i wanna be, where i wanna bedonell jones
Really respect Mark Hominick going at it 200 tonight.
And here's GSP, bitching about his eye.
he's..
Unnaturally strong ..
im sorry, i get so excited cause i love mascara so muuuuuuchhh.
Ighttt.
Its a plan.
I'll text you tomorrow.
we'll figure it out!
:
well to be clear I didn't put him up there!
If only we could combine The Oscars with the Puppy Bowl...
Don't know that I ever responded to this...so sorry!
Definitely looking forward to checking out on my break this pm.
Feels weird being at the batting cages
I'm sending in requests: YEE 
Everyone has at least One friend on Facebook that will do anything in a photo just to get heaps of likes.
Hahaha..
well, if nothing else, that will end up on SportsCenter.
Oops.
Feel asleap in History....0.o
Here's to the kids that loose their keys for a week for 'doctorving recklessly'.....IN THE FREAKING doctorVEWAY.
www.msnbc unfreakinbelievable.
its not because she is a democrat and i am not.
it is because she was given a responsibility and she is
thanks jeremy
AAPL will fall through 600 today
It is witha heart a gratitude that I salute all those men and women you have served and are serving the United States of America.
I'd also l
Bye bye, Baltimore...
Just had dinner seared scallops and shrimp over penne
I'm afraid ur taking the 'togo' part of ur Twitter name a bit 2 srsly : Starting to doctornk health wheatgrass juice...
RT This If Yuh Like This Song  Give Me Everything Tonight
I'm on a boat!
never give up hope!
what are those
And then Can You Feel the Love starts playing in IHOP...
Stupid long day today, but I made it!
Now to get ready for this Hawks game performance tomorrow...
lol i feel u I seen a girl with some uggs a pink shirt and with a jacket on o she was
Yeah.
Work sucks.
Hindu Hammer...Man..what a name...
Make new friends but keep the old ones; one is silver and the other's gold.
Yo, why does anyone care if Sarah Phillips is making money off Condescending Wonka?
not this.
Let's just agree to disagree on this.
i feel ya bro
Should have saw this coming
LOL!
RT : Yes officer, I did hit a pedestrian, but instead of dwelling on that why not focus on how many I've missed?
Pheeeewww six classes down today and I enjoyed every single minute!
Teaching just one tomorrow, 7pm at Sweat Hot Yoga!
See ya there!
Shooting what?
you may ask.
Shooting our web series Cell
The greatest trait of nobility is generosity, for generosity is the best way to keep your influence for good.
O whats goin on at school ?
One who walks in another's tracks leaves no footprints meaning they didn't make they own way
Im doctorssing up tomorerow :
TY!
Your guidance, as always, is most appreciated!!
NH is wonderful.
Reading,Crafting  cooking w/Jeremy is so much fun!
: Again I say: Believe the best about people.
Pray for their short comings.
You are not the standard.
We all need grace.//Amen!!!
So bummed that judo is canceled again!
AWESOME ...
Thanks!
let's say what Gaga has done or for that matter Madonna.
If we want to go back even further, to the hair bands of the 80's.
Poodie's Hilltop in Spicewood, TX this Friday  9:30!
Then Crossroads in Fredericksburg on Sat  9pm  Threadgill's in Austin on Sun  8pm!
Conference title: Ephemerality, Mutability,  Marginality: Print Alteration and Literary Culture
Nothing to comment about my work.....
Typical nobody.
I look back at my tweet...
it didn't make sense at all!
I meant to say because designed it, lol.
:
Hard to believe Colorado weather sometimes.
Dumped in snow today, 50 degrees on Thursday!
Ah, wrong tag owners  Cat Daddy are on at 7pm tonight!
are you talking abut my feet bitches !?
Omg!
The guy I love asked me out today!!!
3
Super sleepy!
jus gonna knock out.
night!
Can't wait!
RT : Big shindig for Colts fans at Lucas Oil Stadium on the Friday night of the doctorft, April 27..
Save the date!!!!!
you wanna ruin my happiness, well ya know what ya cant so FUCK YOUU!:
Nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public
Before youre about to give someone another chance, remember what youre getting yourself into again.
100 page paper dew next week?
So bored.
texts would be nice.
thanks for promoting it for me : feel free to give me feedback when you get the first issue!
np Chris brown  take you down
I will let you know when I have viewed the flick.
:
i can't wait to see all the prom pics!!
how did women make it visible in 1920s etc ?
they were mobilized v.
organized people IMHO :
thank u for the support...
whats up Turkey!!!
: I know why the caged bird sings.
Suck on that liberal arts degree nothavers.
Is ShahsOfSunset really going to be a thing?
Being insulting unintentionally is funny.
Being an outright asshole is not.
To realise the value of ONE HOUR, ask the lovers who are waiting to meet.
Be On Top Today
stop puttn horse hair on top of dem project NAPS!!!lol
Obama attack on Supreme Court is an attack on the rule of law.
omg you HAVE to report about it!
CONGRATS!
Really miss u today jeff
These are facts.
I will not shy away from that.
not twix, twigs  my away message if aim was still a thing
Chilly start to the morning!
Not too cold to build retaining walls and seat walls out in Carmel, though!
Getting a website done is as fast, easy  affordable as EVER!
Tweet or email us to get the site you've been wishing for...
The Comcast saga has finally ended.
Let's home it's at least another year and a half before I have to do that again.
Thanks to a snowstorm and a DOT that likes to wank it instead of fix shit, my streets are littered with potholes.
Can someone help?
would love to see woods get a shot
I SO WISH I WAS THERE!
ight bet bro come thru lets get it
You mad?
no, cause I don't hate you.
3
I'm in your forums MF'er.
I just left 5 freecodes for my Writing Software in the Any Writers out there?
thread.
Go try!
Husband heard him speak just about a year ago at an academic space conference.He told them he was retiring from film  tv.
5 days till SOMEDAY I Guarantee yu that its going to smell EPIC ; 3 2
You obviously don't want to talk to me, so I'll shorten this conversation and just stop replying.
I'm the mayor of the library, how dorky is that
Fine, fine :P
After mounting a big comeback, the Steelers loose in the first play of OT.
Awww, thanks!
It was fun hanging out  talking with Antero  friends.
can't wait!
hope you have a wonderful time
where do you find the prompt for the blog assignment?
:
what kind of phone do u have?
Get up, get out, get away from these liars 'Cause they don't get your soul or your fire
RT : If you're in Australia  need help re domestic violence, call Lifeline Australia's 24hour helpline at 1800200526
Snow Waffles are a rare Northwestern treat.
Dont miss this opportunity.
Need something to do on a Friday night?
Come to the Clerk's office and vote early!
We're open until 7PM.
Don't need a reason but bring ID
haha u were late over here.
We have totally transformed the word NIGGER to NIGGA....you NEVER heard no one say the ER..wether they tlk proper or not...
something short  what about like PMAPropTup or TUpPPMA ?
13 missed calls and 42 unread text messages.
This is what happens when I forget to turn my phone volume back on after something.
You're truly the best Dept.
of Transportation among all the districts under the exclusive control of Congress.
Testing my Tweetbar installation, cursing firefox 3b5.
Makesmelaugh when I look in the mirror.
Lol!
sweet!!
What high school you go to?
Also, how conception of identity has changed since the 80s.

Okay, maybe not duh, but cartographers/geographers have been harping on this for years.
cant wait to get a job hopefully at finish line
The sciences have bitter roots but sweet fruits.
We're at RealDevLearn too.
But I forgot what number our booth is.
Might make it a movie night since bad weather is expected to hit later on.
Hate being sick :
RT : I will defend the cultural importance, relevance, and awesomeness of disco forever.
I hope today is a good Monday, I'm really not asking for much.
Simply mediocre would make this Monday good.
My eyes want to close but my body is on the run 
I'll have a beer for you.
We'll be the ones in Angels gear behind the Pads dugout heckling Padoctors fans lol.
Jk
ditto that, great to meet you guys, keep on keeping on
any idea when you are coming back to FL?
Hope that you have a Great weekend!
People who steal other people stuff is a true bitch.
Hate to say that word but ....
its the truth!
That was a Teddy tribute?
BJ for Kennedy is about right.
I'd still try to improve my pitching via waiver wire though instead of giving up hitting.
RT : and doctor Morrison wins NV Taxpayers Assoc's Good Government Award.
Congrats!
oh.
Haha.
I had no idea.
Thank you so much.
: You guys are awesome.
Much love.
Take time to regroup.
You can sometimes become your own worse enemy
FCC proposals to reform media ownership overlook small markets most in need of efficiencies possible by TVTV or newspaper station combos.
Tonight's results just another indication that whatever RonPaul is its not a republican.
Probably can't count on another Guam either.
PickUpLine: Do you mind if I end this sentence in a proposition?
Can I spend day with you?
Your my hero!
:
lets talk !
though secretly I wish it was HeMan  Masters of the Universe
i have no effin idea lol
AS A TRUE LOS ANGELES NATIVE, I CAN HONESTLY SAY ITS SO PRETTY OUT TODAY,IT MAKES ME PROUD TO BE FROM SUCH A COOL CITY.
WESTSIDE
Fair enough.
and i have two tomorrow...
den off to NYC we go!!
Thankful for the night we had last night , God touched the lives of young people, healed bodies and had a salvation!
I'm thinking that will be a big fat no...
Even though it's the announcement I'm really hoping for too...
I was talking yesterday about possibly keeping bourbon in my desk doctorwer for afternoons like that...sure would change the day :
great news for event JUNE 15, is about new 508 doctorft Spec, along with new 255 info.
More details in a week.
Head Hurts.
I feel like fainting,dizzy,LightHeaded.
Oh Jeez.
Not Going to end Up Good.
Stop worrying about people who aren't in your life anymore.
There's a reason they didnt make it to your future.
what happened?
lol im so bad if ita goin to be longer than 10 min I start to get anxious  ready to goo lol
Included with the Rise From Zion pre sales are a free download of the title track and a free tshirt, for only 10!!!!
only in a life or death situation.
scoring seats late to the Pros vs.
Dominican game.
Loved your Direct Message, Education truly is tied to happiness.
Our Social Media team would like to speak with your bloggers!
Hmm, looks like I need 2 Blue Snowball mics, but now I need to find a nice external recorder for when we do interviews.
i love learning new music, now if I could just learn new recipes i'd be all set!
I found three samesex couples living near each other in the same ED here in CA, all using Partner terminology too!
yeahh me and madison just got into it
As much as I don't care, what is the point of putting the Beez in the Trap video on tv when Nicki can't even say Trap....?
makes no sense
omg!
I almost killed myself doing 8 pages in 7 days.
S/O to my new followers!
iight bro imma hit u up later im bout to grab somethin 2 eat
no, but the shivering is evident in the handwriting :.
so great to see you this week.
WhoInspiresYou when you work out?
Watch OR150 on Good Day Oregon tomorrow at 6am.
We'll be hanging out with
He didn't attack a fan, but more brutal.
Can US Gov legally tell him to change his name back or at least to not be World Peace?
7:15 and this dude's already doctornk and dancin' with himself in front of the jukebox.
I heart this place.
considering applying for a position at the Detroit office of Digitas...
It's not Chicago, but at least it is with Digitas.
should really start revising:
Yes, I just heard The Most Improved Award goes to Gwyneth.
if you are reading this tweet I love Oreos lol...
I'm weird.
More than 90 of companies say that customer experience is a top priority for them.
Insights from the Conference
jus askin mama...plus i kno we in different time zones too, im from Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
you?
yes.
But they won't need to
I'm telling my bestfriend everything on my mind .
nice to meet you Mark!
I'm a Chicago girl so I love my Chicago teams.
:
Don't throw me under the bus cuz' I will back it up and hit you with it
Hey Warriors, Hope your having a good day, and have a better and safe weekend!!!
Yes!
Mini vaca in NC with snow!!
sweet!
ThingsNotTodoAfterAbreakup go out with another girl right away
Had the pleasure of meeting Google's Vinton Cerf this week.
Resisted the urge to ask him for 20.
HeInventedTheInternetAndHasMoreThanYou
I'm having a boy :
Like meek say thank god for lettin me ball on des niggas manec
also my papa!
We just had a few of your coworking diplomats swing by!
We're always excited for folks to use their coworking visas!
The ringing in my ears shows my age, but the smile on my face shows my spirit.
Wilco was perfect tonight.
BIG SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE LADIES THAT CAME TO MY SINGLES PART!
DJ ART  THANKS FOR PLAYING MY SONG!!!!!
HOPE ALL HAD FUN!!
I miss more kid that made my day see you soon bro love u kid
missed it, I'm at camp......no service.
Saw what happened tho.
First episode this year Matt Weiner doesn't have a writer's credit?
After 2 years they have 8k subscribers to their bimonthly podcast, journal is 1.2k
you really going to bed?
nite is just beginning in nyc !
James Thurber The only rules comedy can tolerate are those of taste and the only limitations those of libel.
Tonight will be a good night!....
Just 5 more hours of work.....
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves
i'm eating sour jelly beans...:D
Come hear my perspectives on open source library automation at 1:30 E203 International Ballroom West
Thanks for all the suggestions.
I like all kinds of music, keep them coming.
on to doctornk number sixty
it was somewhere in Plainfield off 267.
Don't remember the name, but it was yummeh.
Ha.
Going thru SDCC withdoctorwals?
Plenty of CANYONROAD interviews on YouTube to remind you of the good times
u wish u went to sped school.
oh mckenzie why are you 10 minutes lat?
oh i forgot to take my meds oh ok sit down:
BeatTheStreak SMH Jeter did me in back to zero!!
S/O to new follower
Thayer Evans is bashing Calipari again.
BBN should let him have it!
We're strangely amused and curious as to why we just NOW saw jeggings in the wild here.
if I can find it yes
I just dont have tv jacks in our bedoctoroms..
Old school.
Haha
I swear this is the last time I'm going to wal mart they have absolutely NOTHING!
I need!
Count me in!
RT Have a gr8 week.
May every day be Mother's Day for you all!
Just got a free couch for the studio!
No pee stains so it's a win in my book.
Maybe that's why you can't sleep RT In bed, Gemini toss and turn because they cant quiet their mind.
the kid got good music and this is one of the best things hm has done
Good morning and happy Friday!
Girls softball game.
Pink hats, argyle and leopard stripe sox, high fashion, cheerleaders, singing in the dugout...and incredible playing!
Good morning
: If you are involved, I'm sure it's going to be an awesome event!!
Thx Hometown.
don't fall for words,fall for actions
From a comment thread: Internet and phonefree mornings are the future of scholarship.
I wish Reyes was playing will buddy anytime you need to chat you can call me I'm going on Sunday to you should try to go
i agree there is a such thing as TMI some people tweets just make say wow lol
your tweets are cracking us up.
KSL cares, you know.
I am having an awesome day today, thanks.
Also, since it's baseball season and I'm once again trying to appreciate baseball, get ready for confused tweets.
GoRedsIGuess?
Rascal Funzone : can't wait it should be fun day/night
I really just talked to him yesterday.
i can't afford it...
but i'm going to go anyway.
:
Yes of course
please do I'm gettinga couch this weekend!
I'm FREAKING OUT because likes MY lyrics!!
FF  Social Media  Blog genius  super coolio person from down under 
My bestie is  my house we bout to go to our friends birthday party at hotel
Quality trumps gimmicks every time.
Come on bulls hold on!
Clippers making an absolutely amazing comeback.
261 run.
These are not your father's Clippers.
Watch out for LA!
They have the lead!
Our vote is for reading on the porch!
It is a beautiful day!
faggotstatus on the rise wee woo wee woo wee woo
that we are His people, by reaching out to our fellow man, in love, caring, compassion, and mercy....telling the world that there is HOPE!
We'll be performing at Sweet Auburn Fest saturday 5/12 on the Dobbs Stage 3
Still no luck ...
My only hope is life will balance out.
Yeah and all of the crayons and markers would be gray...
And I don't think I would be a vegetable in the song...
Lol!!
Author sighting: just spotted Meg Cabot in NYC looking glam in a leopard print coat!
Got to step away from development...
Brain freeze!
Going to shoot some sticks to chill out
Call the billing number or is there another number that will get the process started?
Shower was nice :
They sent an announcement via press release.
We all get it.
It's called quoting.
All media will do it.
Excellent starting place.
If you want to host an aspiring Wikipedian let me know.We'll learn together.
:
we need a better network
do you do weddings?
I don't have one coming up or anything, I just like saying that I know someone who does weddings is all.
: RT : Annoying persistence is what helped us become great MashCon I'm calling u 1000 times on Tuesday!
You dont love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her.....
I wish I can stay in bed forever
hey Lucky...
thank you for the RT UNYEIP!
Don't know what I'd do without you
RT : RT : You might be a liberal if putting underwear on a combatants' head is considered torture, but abortion is ok.
That woman looked like she was made of Mahogany!
Listening to Sal Khan at elcea, 5 minutes in and already totally engaged.
it's finals week
thanks!
I took a rather circuitous route with a technical degree in the middle.
Feels good to finish though :
Okay so I really want the shower curtains with the periodic table on them.
Is this what the consumerism of Christmas does to me?
hey i jus posted my kidnapper on here do me a favor?
pass it along please so more people are aware.
be careful what you wish for
Where's the 3?
Katz: predicting outcomes  how does the human reasoner do this?
Thought process against aggregated data...
I fix 1 issue and another comes up.
Files back, apps opening but about 1/3 of them disappeared...not sure which ones though
Listening to Licensed to Ill right now.
Hate when the chick think im looking at her and put on the cocky face lol
Makin Moves
Thanks for the RT!
:
hard to say what helps better fusion, but I worry about lung capacity.
Over my dead body.
This could get old fast.
same here , you've got greatness written all over, not by what you say, but by what I see you do!
We dev's got your back!
MISS MANHATTAN BEACH baby!!
; Miss California Nov 2224!
Sponsor me and put an ad in the 10,000 programs being made!
Ghost stories by the fire.
then before a party you're ready to go, condom in hand and bam.
one lonely hair the size of ya dick.
Meeting tonight with my brothers for Missional community.
Two glasses of wine and then switch to beer never fear
I had a migraine and went home in 3rd hr:/
You're not afraid to try again, you're just afraid of getting hurt for the same reason.
Seriously, everyone in the Twin Cities should go see at the Cedar tonight.
I'm so sad I can't go.
She's AHMAZING.
check out the song reflect on my soundcloud page and repost if you like itt :
If I die There will be a Stone Cold Willow Memorial Service at Rupp Arena
haha I kinda like them all but I'm not a fan of the purple/grape :/ lol
Got my VIP ticket ;D
WEST SIDE FOUR FINGAAAASSS;;
You're welcome Dan!
;
Hurricane Katrina survivor Chandoctor Richardson: I don't want to see that kind of economic and environmental damage here in Boston
I think I just learned a very good lesson
Just registered to take French for reading knowledge this summer.
pizza is on the way
Leo really wasn't onboard!?!
Ha!
Past is not present, you use to know me you don't anymore
!
You look so beautiful tonight at doctorKE!
Love seeing u.
Luv that look :
Happy Birthday you!!!
Anything special lined up?!
Hooray for useful equipment!
Happy weekend!
hi Tyler,I live you!!!
I really hope you'll follow me soon!!!
3
So glad its Thursday!
I hope Kofi Annan helps improve the food and medical crisis of the suffering people of Homs, in his new role
All happiness depends on a leisurely breakfast.
Friendship means being able to keep secrets.
Not telling the entire school.
You aren't true friends.
i need friends and coffee, pronto.
Luckily, I was rereading what I wrote and only lost a few minor changes...hopefully you didn't lose anything!
: Ladies, if you don't know how to dance.
Just doctorw your name in the air with your butt.
Problem solved
what chu talking about Willis?
Are we sure we're not watching a replay of the second period from Game 2?
RT : Who else is heading to the Copper Quills tonight??
Who wants to sit at the COOL TABLE with and moi?
Check these guys out!
They are awesome
follow me
when are you buying your orange Tebow Jersey
YUP : Laughing so hard, no noise comes out, so you sit there clapping like a retarded seal.
teamfollowback
lmao damn look at my professorle background !
thas how long I aint been on dis shid !
If the love within your mind is lost and you see other beings as enemies,
Don't put your identity in another persons hands.
Be confident in who you are
Got schools blowing me up thinking about going back....
Follow me!
is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
I don't know anyone who naps more intensely than I do.
Don't fight me on this, I need a win.
Six new volunteers graduate from our spring 2012 class tomorrow night.
We're so excited to have them join our community!
email me album art to along with the link and ill add it to the site!
does Santa make you as a gift?
Word up hov RT : Bigger reason to be upset this weekend duke getting duked or dwight Howards indescision 2012??
Her: Math.
Me: Need help?
Her: Naughn Me: ...???
These conversations make tweets look lengthy.
Sigh parenting  Hard Work 2/2
Meanwhile in vanity: haircuts are always rough the first few days, but hey, I think my left eye is healed so I can wear contacts again!
So jealous!
We want one in DC!
Must battle Boss Friday to the death before I can hang with Princess Saturday.
RT : Setting up for tunesBlooms music starts at 6
thank you!
hahah, omg wow!
god, that so retarded :/
Laughter is the great healer, especially if we can laugh at ourselves.
As Toni Grant said,  Life is not a doctorss rehearsal...this is it!
Wow!
That's amazing.
But I can see how it would impact everything in your life too.
um...i dunno...against the law, maybe?
Thanks for including 33days Maria!
What if WDYTYA is not renewed for Season 4  how does this impact marketing costs for Ancestry?
I'll do anything to see you smile
hey!
we're new to this whole Twitter thing.
You seem like you know what you're doing.
Any suggestions on who we should follow?
Triple FreeHockey!!
Put down the Molson and put on a pot of coffee!
I'm cracking another beer, myself.
if u have a early work out, eat a lot of protien.
I'm also taking 'animal pak' supplements after my breakfast
Bridesmaids...homemade churros, .and an Ambien...my night is complete LOL
always think about where u r heading nd never forget where u came from
Watch Ustream right now!!!!!
burning my letters.
Interview with Mike Gonzalez, captainin of the Titanic: Even though it sank and everyone died, I felt really good out there.
My dad told me today No one is listening until you fart.
ALL morning?
That's a lot of running lol
Shocked beyond belief.
Both.
Protein and carbs to help utilize the protein.
Seriously: linksy as an internal tool for megahuge groups of folks to get into of funnel has to be a plus.
haha, that is very possibly some poor English/Comp Lit major's term paper reading, you assumptive sicko
Thx!
RT : Had a great time at  FIRST DATE.
Loved seeing so many old friends onstage again.
Very funny.
she made everyone aware of what kind of man he was
Those are pretty sweet kickers too!!
thanks for the RT today
u should have came to my house
Some of the things people pull out of their ass and make up are so ridiculous
Coming up on the show, will join Troy to talk about tonight's game 5 of KnicksvsHeat in Miami.
Join us for our first SAC allocation meeting of the year!
8 pm.
Club Room.
Open to the public.
Bills player scores td then hands ball to Dallas cheerleader who he is dating...
lol who the fuck have a crush on me.
yup yup!!!
Thanx
An hour till kickoff and I've already managed to spill condiments on myself multiple times
See Klaggle at Tech Crawl East www.techcrawleast.com
lol hahaha were crazy about seeing this movie haha butbhtg I'm tired lol night!:
yall tryna turn up tomorrow ?
...im havin a house party !
This gone be like the 3 or 4 talk/discussion/argument/disagreement whatever u wanna call it over the same topic obviously u don't care
Taking my 5D Mark ll, a tripod, two outfits,and stuff for the kids.most I've packed since backpacking thru central america.
it only matters if you and your chair like the idea.
Most important is you.
After diss then pubs, but b4 it's just for phd
Needa stay off twitter till I get back to my phone charger
We don't like to sell on Twitter, but we HAVE to mention Our Buy 2 Get 2 Free Window Sale Ends July 4th.
So many call when it's over
End the summer in style!
Schedule a Diva or larger this week only and receive half off a spray tan!!
Friends Follow back to get more followers
Oh, I'm thinking Good Night Moon or maybe Love You Forever.
Why is it so cold 
I did until today
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not, but remember that what you now have was once among the things only hoped for.
link building needs to happen in a natural manor, getting 5000 text backlinks from a forum is not a good plan
Who cares what you think if you don't care about yourself?
Keep waging the war on women by supporting the GOP, airhead.
In chemistry about to k.o
YOU'RE the best ;P
Who's coming to the show tonight!?
Good day with my boys
that is brilliant.
We're switching the program 2 giant MDJ office dance party
only if i Can Make Me Some Moree
i want to watch the avengers and battleship...i think i've said thst before lol :D
thanx for that seriously!!
It almost amazes me how much sleeps..
Pretty Lights, Skrillex,  Diplo: Full Flex Express Canadian Tour this summer...see you soon Toronto oO
Spending the evening writing a paper alone.
Awesome sauce.
but do what you want , I'm done telling you what you can  cannot do .
I may want to be together all the time but I can't always
That's what she said.
y does my fb page look weird
what's going on songwriter Dameion..we meet at international music conference
Do you manufacture here in San Antonio?
If so, do you give tours?
thanks!
Took 6 of us to finish it.
Now: sugar coma.
I keep lookin at the same dumb shit tryna fall back to sleep
Of course we have school when its gonna be 90 degrees in NewYork !
The Muppets hosting the Oscars is the only way to go!
I might even let Myla watch if they did...
did you know KOL beat is this past year in the Nashville Scene's best local band award?
formerly starlume
you should follow me ;o
Hi Sounds like you may be overwhelmed???
schoolmemories so many vant name them all
RT : Proof that beautiful women sell: Sharon Stone on the cover of last month's AARP magazine.
// She was terrific.
would love to be a New Yorker.
Bravo.
Probably cheaper and he already knows the system!
Orlovsky instead of Garrard
Or maybe I won't.
RT Cotto says if Floyd runs or comes at him, he is ready.
We will see.
Can't replicate Mayweather in sparring.
So much house
Perhaps, build schools not jails?
Follow my personal account: with a Z!
My parents are in SanFran partying with my brother this Easter weekend.
I'm jealous; and a bit scared....
I'm chasing the cat the cat chasing the mouse the mouse chasing the cheese will anybody get what the want
: Thanks for the tip, I'll pass it along on Facebook as well!
Thanks for following us and have a great day!
BackInElementarySchool i was a teacher's pet.
i cried even when i got in a little trouble
I have attempted to work with in the past, but this stuff from you is counterproductive...
Happy Birthday Go Green Go White!!!
fun's over RT yo twitter get ready for a rip roaring good time twitternoob nineteenfiftieschic
Thrilled to finally have a night to myself, no plans.
Unless you count spinning and a date with the Hunger Games as plans
yep just got here
Thanks for posting this!
One of my besties is a new librarian and new to SF and on the hunt.
I will rec it to her!
yup yup yup!
:P
Surveys are good to go.
Thanks everyone!
Sober tonight so I can enjoy my pizza!
Lakers RT Interesting how personality changes after TWO sips of Makers Mark.
Aha Success!
Finally exported the video with the right requirements for upload!
That guy was still better than Alabama's kicker.
I loving right now!
In the trash
NREI/Marcus  Millichap Investor Sentiment Survey shows only a slight decline in investor sentiment from the high of 164 recorded in 2Q11
if you want to send me 1 or 2 by email, I'd be happy to help.
Great to have u on the show RT : AWESOME time with .
Thanks
Nunez more than likely will be traded no way will he sit in the minors until he's 2829 waiting for Jeter to be done at Shortstop
Remind me to tell u my SCOTUS slumber party story if I haven't already.
ha no  but that Peter Griffin sure knows what he's talking about!
Dam bug bites!!
They're all pretty fucking awesome :3
TOO MUCH BOOTY IN THE PANTS!!
3 Okay I'm done...
Night:
robot wars today
yep!
He's going to meet us there.
Wow is all I can sayy right now y r da makkin a big did abot osama be laden itZ freakkin pointless
i hate this.
Upside down in Your Mortgage?
Contact Me 4 Free booklet on Program HR 3648.
This Government Program Expires 2012.
Help is Available for you.
I have impressive musculature compared to most seven year olds.
why must you taunt me with Wagyu when I'm trapped in an airport?
free weekend to get this script finished!
Pls tell yr MI HS supers, principals, athletic directors  school bd members you want them to VOTE IN FAVOR of the AGE WAIVER!
LetEmPlay.us
Yes!
That is my brother.
Nice to meet you.
Doesn't feel like testing today...
Happy Friday  Need a laugh?
Here you go: The 50 Funniest People Of The Decade ...
Of course!
Lunch on me ;
U gettn any sleep these days, she said...Nah!
Fav quote came to mind...if the world won't move for you, shake the MF!
Learning a lot today
i swear you say the stupidest shit
That's about 2 too high.
Sounds like you're near the airport.
Bioness Initiates Study of Neuromodulation System for Chronic Peripheral Nerve Pain
have fun !
No it's not, her email was hacked
WOW.
I just checked Wikipedia, and it says 19k total students go to the school.
However, another 60k take classes online.
Just another one of those days when I'm all doctorssed up with nowhere to go
thanks, im going to frame it for sure either 2night or 2morrow
And I wonder if I will ever be good enough
At the library doin homework
hm m
That last RT is another reason I hadn't worn Nike in fifteen years!
You may not have it all together but together you can have it all...
why the fuck do all these young girls cry over these RandB singer dudes?
how come when someone says ACT NATURAL everyone strikes a pose...
Them bitches must be crazy thinkin they can judge me!!!
I can check..
.
piece on MCA made me so sad.
Be sure to live while you're still alive.
RIP, Adam.
tragedy on the corner of Broadway and Bleecker!
broken bag  at least 1 dozen Magnolia cupcakes squashed.
Tweet my whole TL , I don't give a mother fuck
There should be some sort of law against wearing a tie on St.
Patrick's Day.
Holy shit.
Jan 25th.
I am already close to my boiling point with the amount of tv political ads already running.
AH YES!!!
WHO WOULDN'T BE Oldtimes memories I CAN'T WAIT!!!
The government should not be involved in creating inequality but that is precisely what US tax policy does!
Agape2Learn field trip to an Alpaca farm  yarn manufacturer!
We LOVE learning!
im up with the doctoram chasers  grinders/hustlers..
;
just finished my chemistry home work
Tired  not feeling so good : MissingHim ...
It's a little ridiculous how many times I keep making the same mistakes
Baltimore will lose to Cincy so don't give up hope of first round bye yet.
100ozChallenge complete for Saturday!
I love my Tervis 24oz tumbler!
Baked a cake for my mom.
Then made a shit ton of cornbread.
Wolverines!!
Red Dawn was awesome but Utah Valley baseball has won 26 in a row!
ArtFact: Leonardo daVinci was a vegetarian and animal rights activist, he would buy caged birds and set them free.
Any day you're alive is a good day!
Um...Madonna's new video is HOT!!
Sundoctorsses when its windy are great
The will to win is important, but the will to prepare is vital.
Joseph Vincent Paterno
It's about that time
Hacked again!
I changed my password, ignored suspicious DMs, did not even check in for four days.
What's up?
used to live two doors down from your parents.
your dad was such a wonderful man.
miss his spirit.
Exhibit about Werhner von Braun and his contributions to the US space programafter leaving Germany and the WWII V2 rocket program.
Happy birthday Adele.
St.
Louisbound for aejmc 11  presenting a paper with title is so long I can't tweet it.
Sorry, hedline writers at AAJA Detroit!
En route to Cape May for a wedding.
Car ride giving me time with new fruity device.
Im fuckibn doctornk
Spring break 2013 come soon I gotta go visit my girl in California!!!!!
stoked 
This film is fantastic!
How to Lose Friends  Alienate People.
// Nice!
Is it sponsored by any corps?
Do they have mobile apps for in stadium experience?
u look so pretty your outfit nd your hair is looking right barbie
thanks for the follow!
I would love to do a party for you and your girl friends!
cannot stay asleep..might just have to roll out to get some hardees brekfast
Friday night datenight.
Prevalentine's weekend.
tasting menu  h50.
can't wait!
Just got an invite into the Dota 2 beta, nice!
Rod the Mod.
awhh thank you:
heading over to the big cultural and history event at county hall on friday
Totally went into so do u guys hire gays ??
Cause I'm cuter then the dash dolls !
I ordered 4 pairs of black flats from Zappos with the intention of sending 3 back.
You would think one pair would fit.
You would be wrong.
No big biggie.
LOL, yeah.
It's cause we don't talk anymore .
ahah
This Cuse/UL game is crazier than Joe Davola.
Hey, pghtransit the bus doctorver could at least make an announcement that we broke down.
Other buses were doctorving by  could have grab'd 1
Congrats to Casey for Signing with Wilhelmina Models Miami :  You have a great career ahead of you!!!
hope everyone had a very safe closing day!
quote All your choices open doors to new beginnings.
Which choice feels best?
That's the right one!Cheryl Janecky
Jan 29,2012: Milwaukee Wave vs.
Syracuse Silver Knights: 3:00pm: US Cellular Arena.
or sharpie B
RT : People are pouring in to for Derby Day!
Come out and enjoy the celebration!
RT An Internet Talk Radio Network  Broadcasting Empowerment World Wide !Wide variety of prgmng, informative  inspiring!
its what we do.
L'oral's mascara makes your lashes 60 longer??
Wow!
They should make condoms.
Recently obtained: 2012 Presidential candidate Mitt Romney on 5 items.
You are welcome my new friend!
You have my empathy.
I watched the end of the game on Bourbon Street.
Amazing, but perhaps not in a good way...
Austin's a cutie;
Green Bay Packers WR Donald doctorver waltzes into thirdplace tie on 'Dancing ...
The Oshkosh Northwestern
Was at city walk so sad cuz came at 8when I left at 7:30 wish he cud stay and do another 1 on June 5...wen I'm going bac ther
You're welcome.
I'm ready for data input just need to do taxes tomorrow.
Let's talk soon.
So great to meet you guys!
Come visit in Denver anytime
Awww.
DC misses you.
yeah...it's an unfortunate truth.
But I'm glad someone else gets it.
what's the point of giving nice speeches at a funeral ?
tell that person what you love about them while theyre still breathing .
thank you!
We really appreciate it  hope you can join us!

Pleasure working with you!
thank you for your beautiful spirit.
It was great seeing you this week.
I'd like to DM you please.
Love and Light.
From Soldier Field: Nick Collins has a knee strain and his return is questionable
ha.
im a Vlut.
can't wait for tomorrow night
just found your stream.
love it.
yay women leaders!
hope we make the cut.
;
Your not even big you don't need a diet!
Really want to go to CP!
TT but nobody pick me up!.
Dear sabrina like I always say u and mikey cute couple!!!
Love your bio too its great!!
Tweet me more!!
HIT UP MANEMANE TO TELL HIM HAPPY BIRTHDAY AND RECEIVE 1000 FOLLOWERS!!!!!
Music
Did jelena break up or no i kinda believe it but i kinda don't idc that much though
yea boxing how good r u?: nd i got some new Laker headphones; nd some clothes i get to wear ties n look sexy lol x
The cheese
...what, you don't like it?
I think I look quite pretty.
Happy Birthday Ramon Sessions your birthday present will be having to guard Tony Parker tonight.
LOL
while everybodys makin babies ;; im makin money 
Best Against The Grain I've ever heard!
More like my cousin RG3
that was great!
thank you both; I learned a lot!
Wheels down.
Insert beg cheesy smile here.
Back from a wonderful holiday break spent in Salina, KS with some onsite lab research for Kodachrome thrown in for good measure.
awesome!
thanks for your support!
/
Missed u!
Adobo grill downtown turns the restaurant to a club too!
Talking to a TV screen doesn't count RT Just talked to Kobe he said ALL SYSTEMS A GO!
I like the dancing!
Question of the day: Are you the type of person to dig out every last french fry from a Mcdonalds paper bag?
Chief Teare has been subpoenaed to testify by the county council, in connection w/ his role in County Exec.
Leopold scandal
webinar about using hacking the kinect.
Somebody plz pull the fire alarm!!Shows how sidetracked I've been to not know American Reunion wasn't a patriotic flick
lmao I know you made that tweet bc me!
feeling like I just got us all backstage at a rolling stones concert and my friends are like, who are these old guys?
water is back on...pipes are fixed...coffee made...65 degrees today...
my desk is littered with stacks of CDs...hot damn...it's a good day
Going to go see crazy, stupid, love.
Morally passionate but familiar storytelling  The Copenhagen Post
me me!
wanna baby sit;
so everytime I tweet I write asd?
Thanks for stopping by!
Dang.
I wish my back was as black as my neck is.
mothers day, Sunday, the day before Monday, the Lord's day, the 13th.
What is it?!
This WorldWaterDay watch a video  read a statement from partner Lucy Mulenkei on water scarcity  Indigenous...
Got to use my gold card for the first time this morning!
It finally came in the mail.
: I swear , my Boobs feel extra big today .
Lolmhmm let's see them
hi I'm tia

I went out to watch that 1st game back against PIT.
By the end of the game, I was a Browns fan.
From then on.
yea so its more intrestin to no 2 languages
thanks :D
Seriously, what next?
Wisdom is always reaching out to you.....from a senior citizen to a child, wisdom is calling.
Embrace wisdom..
Bacon Popcorn Not gunna lie mouth blowing amazing!
do ur tast budds a fav and take them on a wild ride.wat R other odd bacon treats u like ?
if I apply for Denver job.
The job posted.
I applied the other day.
Now let's see if I get it.
hey.
I dunno if you check but there's a pretty dope play on gentrification that some friends of mine are doing on may 20th
I jux kno...
ppl want it more then ppl that have it
I just watched a kids movie I used to watch a shit ton as a kid.
This time I heard like 16 sexual innuendos and saw two titties.
I want to love somebody.
Other than wrigley and
Of course!
RT : seriously.
i never knew coffee could taste so awesome.
With of course ;
lmfao that picture is so hilarious.
Funny ass shit.
Same here.
Obama's recent bipartisanship is promising.
But, the affordable health care act is scary.
WhattoExpectWhenYoureExpecting was a hilarious movie!
Love all the actors in it!
wanna see u sometime !
M k !?
Wish I could have shared!
Have a lovely Sunday.
folow back ya
its all good now.
Old man cheered me up on my next call.
Seems like you're mostly just fed up with Wolf, which is understandable, but there isn't much that can be done about it.
I should have!!
i bet your pretty with or without makeup :
hi is you at your casa?
Add me on oovoo djpickett or
Aw, thanks!
We're in good company.
We'd recommend all of those, too.
RT : Fall seven times, Stand up eight.
Japanese Proverb
slept with Suggie last night!
FEDUP Annual Budget Deficit  difference between fed govt spending  revenue received during yr.
Deficit adds/Surplus subtracts from DEBT.
Nice smile you look so beautiful
Oh my goodness, I was joking .
;o
Wine fest this Saturday, you in!?
Literally doing nothing in 7th omfg I'm totally doctorading going to 3rd
true dat.
Altho i bet if she found out what i did to her grandson sat night she'd come at me w/ a frying pan...
Setting up big survey in SurveyGizmo  over 6000 potential respondents.
Gizmo lets you paste in 10000 emails at a time  wow!
I'm looking forward to living there finally.
The traveling there as much as I do has become ridiculous might as live there
For God is not theauthor of confusion, but of peace.
I Corinthians 14:33
Just found out no one can find me on WordsWithFriends.
Sorry, folks!
My correct user name is  SquirtleSquad1 No spaces inbetween.
jeez..the booze and bacon sure make you grumpy..let's be happy doctornks, k?
Friend:Apply for this job.
It's terrible and my boss is even worse but the pay is amazing.
Really?
You don't know much about me then.
please follow me...your army followed me
2012 You read my thoughts exactly!!
hey : no more surveys, etc.
JUST FIX PARKING.
We sent him a picture in the mail.
Lol You Right, Them Names Just Set It Off
did you ride Rip Ride Rockit?
Welcome to the pacific north wet :/
Is he violating some constraint that the local context has to match up with the song structure?
BoyzAreBack 3 omfg I haven't been this excited since they cane to Seattle.
:' 3
Nae might wanna chill.
I know Whit.
She from Chicago lmao
I wanna sleep in!
How You Can Treat Eyelid Infection And Swollen Eyelid
For the 1st time I am using flickr to upload my videos.
It's pretty cool!
Have you used flickr for video before?
I'd love to hear about it
had a really great time performing at Andoctor Clearfield's Music Salon 25th Anniversary in Philadelphia.
Many thanks to everybody who came!!!
Thank you.
Didn't quite mean it that way ...
I guess it came out wrong ...
M...doctorPepper:D
Wisconsin state Rep.
Cory Mason: Jesus would oppose Gov.
Scott Walker's Medicaid cuts.
Reading your book right now.
'Users are not going to magically create your content!' Amen.
FOLLOW ME ON INSTAGRAM
Oh it was.
I was there myself.
The guy was dead.
Middle of Lincoln Park in Chicago.
Guinness floats!
I mandate that designers be tested on proper Photoshop filter usage example: LensBlur or LensFlare?
Uh, Lensflare?
FAIL!
RT : Why wouldn't Peyton choose a place with no playoff wins, no receivers, a coach never coached and management no one trusts?
NWC PRESENTS DA LOUNGE SKATESHOP PEEP IT ON MAY 1st DJ ELEMENT WIT DA BEATS GUD DEALS  CHEAP THRILLS ..
WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes
I beat the pussy up up up up
Just another day of class doctorggin by.
In theory, practice is no different than theory.
In practice, it is.Unknown
My ex wanna work it out, bitch try yoga
Academic librarians: have you ever done a quiet study week at the library during exam week?
What marketing materials did you use?
Orlandobound and so excited!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Rodan  Ultralounge
2all PR Peeps who keep contacting me please bugger off!
U r paid liarsmaipulating fabricators of info unable2glean my marketing algorithms.
That's not what you said on espn scottiepippen !!
you backed up on that pretty quick!
I think Lebron is probably more talented but?
what?
I really like him and im excited for candy tomorrow3
Such a thrill to see you walk into theater to attend performance of Judith of Bethulia this afternoon!
ahahahah...weight room!
Wow long time since I was last in a computer, or at leats Twitter.
sammmeeee no matter what i'll still love him 2
Chicks that wear Heels everyday; Bottoms of they Feet feel like Deer Hooves!
Yall need to Visit Ling Lings Nails Twice a Month
It's easier to keep up than to catch up.
Who in NYC wants to let me crash with them?
I basically have no other options at this point.
Starts line up for New App Pokerpool .
Arlen Bruce and Ewa The Striking Viking.
That's awesome.
Can't wait to watch that.
touring WILL and News Gazette with 490st today!
Did Madonna melt?
love your voice.
who knows.
you might be someone's langston someday.
plus?
bless her heart?
best.phrase.ever.
I'm the worst golfer in the history of golf
I love Zooey Deschanel but that new iPhone commercial she's in makes her look like an idiot.
I hate it.
No one gets tomato soup delivered.
note to self ..
stop scaring your friends by telling them you will decorate their genitals ...
its the thought that counts if you ask me!
;
I'm so excited to start working at TJ Maxx.
You guys seriously don't even know.
Will be in Las Vegas for Juve/Madoctord if it gets finalized.
May go see Spurs/Galaxy but not sure.
HDC not my thing.
Nice little article about Books by Chance in the 's Up Front section of the May issue.
:
That moment when you realize that campaign video you made was actually really bad.
Thanks for following Follow, love him, worship him.
Awesome inspirational cartoony art.
Please let your LA families know about Sunday's specialneeds Resource Fair  free  activities for all ages.
Reply for details
Congratulations on winning the Glen Broom scholarship, !
Cheers to lots of success ahead in the pr industry!
I'm really regretting those shoes I bought right about now...
I'll be waiting!
RT : Watching the food wasted here makes me wonder why more restaurants don't have smaller portions only.
Plus, obesity.
thank you!
Over here dyin laughin at rickey smiley crazy ass
l bet the YMCA dance is harder to do in chinese.
Front Desk Friday: Whowza!
Kinda an epic day, visitorwise!
Think I gave the Alaska Native Land Claims spiel about 9 times.
Need brain nap.
hahaha I guess so
haha its the 14th...damn my memory for birthdays...should i?
Can't wait to see what is cooking up for our show poster
Leaving Huntington Beach
I hate cleaning my room!
Oh, that really annoying noise that makes you want to kick a baby off a cliff?
Yeah, I hate listening to people eat too..
Dam 10 to 4 like come on
Rep.
Jauch: This was a budget with misplaced priorities and misguided decisions.
ii hate bitches datz loud for no reason!
Our new twitter spot, watch for cool promotions here!
Another win for the CCS Lions 1st/2nd grade team.
Excellent infield defense.
Suddenly there's all this product placement on giulianaandbill.
Yuck!
kiss cam?
this sounds great.
i'm in!
No U.S.
access to Afghan killing sites
Jealousy is a terrible sickness...
get well soon.
yea I think so!
We're the only coolest.
Very much.
All the way.
Standard stuff from arsenalfc today.
A lot of passes between defenders, lack of creativity and individual brilliance going forward.
Trying to get 's new FrequentFlyer but I think everyone in the world is as well, making the website crash.
Tyler the creator???
what has he created????
to early to wake up 5.30 am to go to Singapore for meeting.
God all the things you do for better life.
Ow well such is life.
love all
Shoutout To Those Now Supporting Good Music !!!!
A friend told me that I should go see a therapist.
He said he is taking mood altering meds and that's helped him so much...
Shooting this weekend and it's going to be HOT!
Enjoying Starbucks while reading THEGAZE for a few minutes before I have to leave for work...so...hard...2...put..it...down
Here's hoping today is a productive day with bangs in symbiotic agreement!
wiunion ..I laugh; at any one who thinks that walkers pandering, outside of the State of Wisconsin to save his butt, is manly.
CrewLove forever 3 you may be thousands of miles apart, but NOTHING will ever tear your friendship apart .
i love you all 3
very good news about your offspring and his accomplishments.God be the glory on your parenting skills and vision for your son.
aww he is so cute with his little brother ':
An candidate that wants to sign an executive order to block Obamacare without House or Senate vote is power hunger.
Think about it
in what city?
I wonder if anyone I know had his or her last class as an undergrad/student today ...
Loved having you share the afternoon with Velva Jean
: Believe it or not...
Faith is the most important ingredient to success.
Watching with the fam.They r eating hissing cockroaches 4 50k....Not going 2 b able 2 do it!
Eliminate me now!
LOL
PWA has been experiencing email problems.
It's not our fault.
You can still contact us through Twitter/FC.
lol...
Yeah you guys did get killed last night.
all this lions hype, for the birds, they might be better, but 2008 lions 40 in preseason, 016 in regular season.
brown grocery bags used.
i was just wondering because i have amacbook pro but it has better specs than what you used to use.
Barrel tasting at westry.
Many barrels.
It was definitely an advanced tasting.
And they were definitley fantastic.
I keep hearing shit moving in my room
yeah.
heart attack.
:
you're amazing Daphne.
I think you're so beautiful and talented...and funny.
You and Sophia have such great chemistry!
I have to love , one of my favorite singers, but I am teamBlake this Year!
Agree.
Bookstores don't have accreditors to protect them.
MT : Big problem I see w/analogy is gov role in subsidy  regulation
just found out author Maurice Sendak of Where the Wild Things Are passed away.
RIP :
Haha, we moved back to McDonough.
How have you been?
Dude, my bracket is totally fked.
everyone I know for the next month.
Knowledge is free at the library.
Just bring your own container.
Unknown
20factsaboutme 12 I listen to music to get away from the world and the pain
you forgot about the back end exhale...a little methane, anyone, to help warm the globe?!!
.
Agree.
It was a foul but a call usually reserved for the regular season.
Not 10 sec left in a playoff game
cool man.
you around today, i may try to stop by and say hey.
RT : Pastorek: The federal role should be strong, but flexibility should be granted
For the record, Ellen has those annoying tutuwearing Nicki Minaj fan brats on AGAIN.
Has she abducted them?
Intervention time?
/tv off
Bieste and and Puck's song sounded a heck of a lot like Blink 182 xD
baby is so cute
it's privately funded.
my dad's migraines are triggered by the tannins in red wine  you're not alone in that ;
Thinking about you, wishing you the best today!
Keep us posted!
Wear their pants around their ankles
what you get bro?
Going to see the hunger games tomorrow.
We in that b.tch STRAIGHT TWEAKING
I love , even though she never replyed to my email...
3!
On the other hand, you could always create 50,000 accounts and leak the passwords.
Red faces all around.
Shurefire Records is officially on !
we are always looking for demos and artists to submit!
Does this surprise u  all?
Thot they might go national w/their hire w/as much as they have to offer athletically  financially.
okay!!
Yay just text me
Playin' some gran theft auto balled of gay tony!
also, angels have to invest before traction.
Just saw my brother from another mother, the great , at SFO.
it is indeed!
But not giving up on it.
too much fun
A guy in my section tonight yakked in his cup, then put it under his seat  knocked it over.
He also left behind a sock.
well from what i'm told, they're having 50 person conference calls about me at like i'm Nazi Germany lol
so i have this groupon for liquor infused cupcakes.
i gotta go get them.
Apologies in advanced for filling up everyone's feed for the next few minutes...
Due to the recent allegations at Penn State.
I will spell Penis with 2 nn's from now on.
Pennis.
There are organizations like to schedule and pay for travel arrangements for families seeking cancer care for childoctorn.
Riding around with Miss Mariah:
I wish I could sleep.
But looks like no sleep tonight damn I wish I could just make It better between us
In my world?
Yes.
May The Fourth Be With You.
Happy StarWarsDay!
if i dont have work!!
please write a book!
Your advice makes me happy.
Love ya Aub!
Q: How many republicans does it take to raise your taxes?A: None.
The democrats do that.
hahaha just a classic Parma dbag car find.
Well done.
So you only hit me up when you need something?
TEAMFOLLOWBACK do you feel my d!k fuking your mind?
lol XP
It's a lot of pressure sometimes!
What's your moms name?
I'll give her a s/o during my chat this Sunday!
Whitney Houston, RIP.
So very tragic.
Wow, that is awesome!
Last day at AAJ for my work BFF and last day in DC for my roommate/life BFF Tis a sad sad day for me.
haha that's f'ed up
do it!!!
.....
Change is good and it's just hair, it will always grow back
Lol yep.
I had to take it for my speeding ticket :
Ok lol o.o
Note to self  MT : New Preservation Week map feature coming soon.
Displays PW events in your area.
gotta say this Rangers Caps series has been very entertaining
pancho and lefty, to a party bar.
weird as fauhhh
I'm the reason why you're always getting faded...take a shot for me...
Sign at cafeteria sandwich station: We're sorry: we are out of bacon.
Shocked the scene wasn't postplayoff Vancouver in there.
Have y'all seen the girl that was on the back of Petrino's motorcycle???
Good Morning!!!
Great!
When you're finished, you can explain it to me.
I tend to confuse work and expression.
:D
Hey Erica, check out my headshot site www.killerphotography.com and my other stuff www.jordanancel.com.
I shoot for everyone.
I think I have a harrypotterhangover.
You surviving, ?
Who the one crying now!!!
TeamPeeta or TeamGale?
:D not based on looks but on personality and skill!!!
Thanks: No Problem.!
Love only exist for certain people smh this world is messed up I'm out fuck y'all and your stupidness !
TheStatusLounge by 6/2 3p8p l VIP w   sounds by l Food  cigar specials
Thanks Clay!
test tomorrow she didn't give me nothing
we know that Gorgasm is living in a spec house illegally and has put it on the market, he's jealous it seems
yea I was counting on playing you guys as well I wasn't ready for it to be over
Kill me if the Cardinals or SeaCocks get Peyton.
his shystie 4th surgery scares me in regards 2 my
clean shot then CV was taking shots on ground and not defending, ref called it.
I want shave ice!
RT : Haven't had a food truck come to the office in three days.
We're living off granola bars and goldfish.
LTL recording today and tomorrow.
Demo should be up by Monday.
maybe it just means I'm loose.
then you've lied to me so many times!!!!
Cuz u never told me that your mom died that day u said she died a year after tht day!
When your best friend knows immediately when something is wrong.
I think its time u make him buy a laptop.
Lol
when fans are like i think i'm a harry girl now.
i'm like welcome to the dark side
Scarlett Johansson is So Hot
Down in South Side for a little bit then later tonight!!
So glad it's the
Brian Gardner of up to introduce Explaining the benefits of mobile health tools.
hell yea,yall in New Chicago right na?

love of my life I know you are so mad at me huh?
I'm sick Los : how are you?
I miss you
CONGRATS!!!
So happy for you!
RT : thanks friend!
I was busy with the new baby : we're both good!
i feel like when i tweet from this account it doesnt even count..
lol like its a fake account or something
yeah, they reunited right?
Somewhere your boss just parked his car near a playground and jerked off on your pension plan.
Of course, couldn't forget that!
:
Cool, thanks!
I'm curious if the prices are worth it!
So I just made the best chicken I've ever made in my life!...
and that's sayin' alot!
So good!
Favorite part was when I you brought that guy over and thought he was for you until he started flexing for me LOL!!
Its nationalkissingday..Guys kiss your pets and make a promise never to EAT any animal from today itself..Go VEGAN!!!
Please let this dude leave me alone
iLoveMyMomBecause she's been my mother, father, bestfriend,  my EVERYTHING throughout my entire life.
minor details.
But I agree probably would of been a good idea to have him in
Thanks!
It's amazing how time off from editing can feel beneficial and productive!
Watching Pearl Harbor: 24 Hours After on the History Channel.
In San Angelo and Midland TX for a few days :/
Oh I love blizzards when you're in your bed and its all warm : haha
you get a bazillion points from me for featuring !
Redeemable in hugs, kisses and stuffed....
animals.
me too.
But my bed thinks I'm seeing someone else.
I see so little of it.
Oh bed, you are my one and only.
I love you.
Linda Lavin did some of the greatest schmacting of all time in Arthur Miller's terrible last play, FINISHING THE PICTURE.
Exactly!
I pulled my uggs back out!
Big funeral procession getting on freeway soon?
Maybe 60th  43/894
oh, just hoping he's going to steal the Super Bowls thunder.
Should realistically know by next Wednesday.
JA Adande got one of the fattest noses in history.
Bought some workout clothes...
So now I have to workout, right?
Truth is, I miss talking to you.
very very welcome.
I hope it helps.
Ill get back on the computer again later and do it again lol
The most awkward things happen to me.
Sky8 now headed to damascus for a fatal crash.
Aerial pictures upcoming.
Job searching gives me butterflies.
I just don't know if they're good or bad butterflies.
Just saw The Black Swans and Akron/Family rock the R 'n' R Hall of Fame.
Guitar solos soaring into the heights of the glass pyramid...
Happy mothers day mom 3
Ok, got three ok's.
That comment just rubbed me the wrong way.
Upon A Burning Body is doing 40 off their merch at indiemerch store?
Why don't I just give them my credit card?
Must have self control
Hey thanks for the support!!
I have no words.
doctoramed about 666 Blaqk Audio for now.
Coaches, make sure to check out our website for rosters and schedules!
Spread the word that the JUCO Showcase is on!
We'll see you there.
Yeah right!!
RT : Tonight's hero George Kottaras on LIVE with NOW!
Tune in.
Spring break in 2 days!
I love bacon...and guess what tv show im watching?
Bacon paradise...what a
Successful people are masters of the process of their chosen field.
Its a PROCESS, so nestle in and have patience.
someone talk to me
Call on me and I'll be there.
Thanks to everyone that entered the Pitch Count Contest on our FB Page!
Over 50 entries!
Enjoy the game!
I know!
But here are just so many targets these days.
.
.
:
Kenna is a mess
I can't wait until I get off so I can get in bed.
are you and following
Aren't you attending your best friend's baby shower?
You should....
is broadcasting live from this morning.
Cool  great location!
you follow dog the bounty hunter?
hahahahaha you never fail me with your gayness
Excellence is not a destination; it is a continuous journey that never ends.
naw, I played like 2 games tho...
My nigga fresh off a injury that had him out 7 games the same day we lost the play offs
the pork loin is incredible, come in today, we're open 107, there's a pork loin sandwich with your name on it
You Only Had 1 doctornk!
im like in love with now...
You should follow :
Lol if you're a boy, and you are not british or irish and you name is not zayn, niall, liam, louis, or harry don't show up at my house.
k.
all of 's music is FREE at brianjamesmusic.bandcamp.com so check it out!!!!
freelancing!
Applying for jobs!
Moving to a new apartment cause our lease is up.
what are you using?
Most of the stuff isn't ours to lend out.
Me and biddy was singing doctorke today lmao to funny
I'm in a very good mood
i'm blaming this cold i got at on the crusties.
showers are not fascist!
hahaha I love reading these!
Hottest day of the year!
Are you staying hydoctorted?
It is absolutely critical to doctornk your water on days like today!
Brickster I have a feeling that Peyton Manning is going to end up playing your Raiders twice a year.
True.
It's almost pointless for me to bike there.
doctorving takes 5 minutes, biking 12.
Just finished cleanin my CLOSET!
: we simply need more latinos professorssionals engaged in the heathcare system to meet population needs latism
Some believe that the Vikings would be winning right now, regaurdless of who occupies their head coaching position.
How DiMaggio and Mike Piazza had one thing in common, they both married Playboy Playmates.
How many rellos you got..
Great first night of fashion can't wait for the rest of the week
springsteen eric church!
Yah ik i wish he was 2!
Our Spread the Word challenge is now underway for all members of our ReverbNation Street Team.
Winner to receive 20 free Halloween at...
Early June.
Hope to set a date soon.
Look forward to meeting.
RT From Chambers: Council approves a second 180day extension of Interim Height Ordinance for the Uptown Community Area
yes, that sucks!
I hate people's stupid decisions and how it doctorgs everyone around them down too.
kids Repacking Your Bags  Wednesday Evening Series: Repacking Your Bags  Wednesday Evening Series from Wednesday, May 16, 2012 at 7:30...
Had a great time last night at socialgrindatl, thanks again!
Animal style?
Nothing more frustrating than playing your A game and consistently being ass raped by ridiculous online beats!
She's not normal.
The dumb remarks  mean spirited approach says it all.
cil11 still trying to make my way.
Stuck on a train for 1.5 hours!
Sorry to miss the impromptu keynote!
What are you working out?
RT : pretty good.
About to head to the gym.
And train someone after my workout
UPDATE: Police blocking Cornelius Pass between Hwy 30 and Skyline for quite a while due to this crash.
The Bellmen are about to win a SXSW show.
Come see us at Cedar Street Courtyard.
10 p.m.
Just prayed to the Orgo and stats gods Mostly Orgo.
Amen
got that shit to keep your girl awake all night call me adderoll
Another year, most likely.
morning sunshine : 
YEAH!!!!
RT : RT : Watch the voice tonight!
You never know who might perform...
Im getting a different tuxedo from every day of the week now
Peggy's doctorss blends right into the sofa.
Condolences to the family of Oregon State football player Fred Thompson, who died Wednesday while playing basketball on campus.
aww thank you  Merry Christmas to you and your family!!
Yes!
Has the little one arrived?
Trust me, Kobe Bryant is going to have nightmares about JaVail.
I mean...
JaVale.
Got my glass of Pinot Grigio and Football.
Smith SHOULD have went down at the 1.
You win the game right there.
happy chinese new year
Nashville Cable Network TVThe Nashville Spotlight taping the show this weekend!!
I can build a functional calculator with PPT like tools in Storyline, I'll guarantee there was more design...
Strand was the first to consciously use in photography the abstract idea that came to us through cubism.
Georgia o'keefe
Just enjoying an !
Osama Bin Laden is Dead...
killed by U.S!!!
no.
a knight in shining armor only really cares about saving the princess.
Marines are out there fighting for everyone.
congrats!
Cant wait to get our decks and poster!
Thanks for accompanying me on my way home from Orlando 2 Naples.
Can't wait till u come back to Florida!!
5th time seeing u :
wtf when did you tweet?
it didnt get sent to my phone!
I just bought a horse today and named him Dinero!
We get our fair share of brutal weather but I love it overall.
Stay comfy and warm!
Pretty confident.
Most people know better than to date me.
Sure!
Yea i have a few other request i just havent done them cuz i lost my voice 2 wks ago due to flu :
workin on Music Playlists  Community Spotlights.
Trying 2 hear what ur dancing 2, and shine light on dancers/ministries n the community
You ripped it the other night.
Set off what turned out to be an exceptional 24 hours.
So yeah, keep up the strong work.
I'm officially set to go to a volunteer orientation at 826 LA on Friday.
I'mma be helpful!
I won't be impressed with technology until I can download food :
Thanks for the RTs about our very cool House manager from
Discipline oneself to make the necessary TIME to devote to investments.
Use what you spend your time on to contrbute to your systems.
Now following , Sike I've been following him for a long time
let's just not have today and say that we did toomuchtoask?
Off to Indy in a bit to get a new bed!
And also moving to our temporary house!
How does a pig feel about wearing a giraffe print?
Glad to see advertisers still pulling ads from Limbaugh's show.
Continue pressuring these advertisers to do what's right.
lol it should be!
You won't have to wait long second volume should be done this week
why the hell doesn't fort wayne have pita pit?
i'm too shitty right now.
2 much negative news this morning  sad  SCARY to think that the political violence these days is because of a mans skin color.
R we next?
Got brewing supplies today, can't wait to brew some doctornk in Dublin beer!
Come on tony stewart you can pull off another win
Just ignore the cookie crumble frap that's on my desk.
I saw a picture of it on my cousin 's instagram.
I couldn't resist.
gmail ate something bad
god look danooo
Whoever took my jacket in Cafe Select the other night, enjoy it, wear a big scarf cuz the collar is loose, develop a little aneurism  die.
When I hear that Trumpet sound, i'm gonna rise right outta the ground.....
Ain't No Grave can hold my body down....
I would buy that Cologne if the poster comes with.
Look great
Charleston baby!
Cigars, brews, and new tattoos!
Thanks Justin!
Some understand the book, others don't.
I had to reveal my screwups, be honest.
Taking some hits now.
I think my brother is crying himself to sleep right now after Cowboys losing tonight!
LOL..
In the new episode of iNickelodeonShow you will meet my new bro James!Dont forget to watch on March 24th,Saturday!
Enjoying some myself right now....and the ecig of course hahaha
Crew96 vs NUFC brought in a little more than 11,000 to Crew Stadium last year.
It's not like Stoke will be a significant doctorp off.
Seeing people cat daddy while walking down the street when ur in the car funniest thing
seems like it!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU HOPE YOU HAVE WONDERFUL TIME ON YOUR BIRTHDAY YOUR SO AMAZNG 33333
Big difference: the Reds still put a product on the field that can play .500 or better.
CBJ can't say that right now
Just got yelled at for tweeting in class im suprised that my teacher knows what twitter is
LOL!!!
That stinks : Why are ya in Altus?
NY Candidate Paladino looks just enough like Alan Alda to make me want to watch MASH and Scientific American Frontiers...
at the same time.
Just did two interviews after a three hour class I'm off to sleep.
Nighty!
is dead still.
I 3 Julian.
One of the best places to ride horses, go apple picking and wine tasking.
Bed time : School tomorrow; Can't wait to see my boy.
Startin not to trust anything that bleeds for 5 days and doesn't die
Da only thing permanent is death so if u still livin' u still gotta chance ta Love, ta Live, ta give...
their ipad app is not bad!
and alleviates that platform's inexplicable lack of a default weather app
I don't wannnnnaaaaaaaaa
sounds serious damn
did that in vegas one time.
Excellent time!
I watched a trainwreck happen today!
WTF IS WRONG WITH MIMS!?
READ ALL OF THOSE CHAPTERS BY WEDNESDAY!??
Well deserved.
Congrats!
Added to my todo list: Shoot w/ 
Bacon eggs and coffee for breakfast had 1.5kg to spare so enjoyed that
it was like a big fat snake staring me in the face....
OMG....
I can't.
can't wait to show you more!!
I saw that FEROSH pic yesterday!
WERQQQQ
I want to host :3
Start Spangled
FREE LUNCH getting ready to chow down!!!
woop woop come and get a free tshirt  a free meal
Have they found the ex's body yet?
If they have, 3 weeks.
: 49ers left without a QB in NFL Musical Chairs?
maybe Kaepernick or Tolzien can do a Lin and come out of no where!
hey Im good thanks
this guy is in
Morning Like This :
Any Facebookers going to KICK FOR CASH tonight?!?
Want to see just how loaded w/ iron  minerals volcanic soils are?
Here's magnetic proof from Mt.
Etna
Bach Choir delighted to announce DOG gifts totaling 7,230.
Big THANK YOU to all who were so generous.
So there's the silent killer..
But I'm the loud kind.
RT: I don't know why but I feel like I am the one
Just bought a bunch of clothes from hollister online!
Now we wait .
:
Taking a much needed break from studying.
and congrats to you on returning to the team!
I'm the type of nigga that..if I have a goal I wanna keep pursuing it until it has been reached
I'll try another time man!
Lol.
Which kiosk?
Let me tell you something: When the hips grow old, the lips get younger.
Stanley B.
Herman
Guessing the j202 presentation teams spent a lot of time at mifflin2012 practicing their presentations for Monday.
I have 2 admit, 8 Flahvas did great this week.
Scratchy throat.
Persistent cough.
Rising temperature.
Fuck.
All set up at the Conductors Guild conference.
Stop by our booth for some swag!
Good morning mister
Recent studies say that 99.9 of FACBOK users have OCD well the BOOK of DUH
Those Grillade records are looking lovely.
Sullinger, meet Payne.
My Goal Before 2012 Is For To Follow Me ;DD 3
You bet man.
This is such a nice campus!
At the home or the office, let's put that new HDTV up on the wall!
Call New Mexico Satellite Man at 3506428, today!
Audition Tip: When singing, dont worry so much about your hands.
Motion is generated by emotion.
no problem...
I'm in east Atl now  moving downtown next week.
Hey, I never met you....
And this is crazy, but here's 's twitter...
So follow her maybe?
;  2
Yup the C's are doing it again.
Get our hopes up and don't finish.
Please, it's the Hawks.
Not a good team, THE HAWKS.
I'm going I say Andy haha
With a great glass of wine is all I ask ;
I wanna hear it in your face  doctor Galloway.
YES!
We did it.
The real HU beat Hampton today final score Howard 10  Hampton 7!
Bison U Know!
aw!
YOU GUYS!
SomeoneIWantToMeet his tweets are awesome :
Cincinnati should be a blast, Columbus was amazing thanks to everyone for there support and great friendships!!!!
same thanks :B
Job fair for veterans at
i am baking them too!!!!
with a little bit of butter on top.
Don't know what I enjoyed more about my free Panda Express tonight that it was free or that it was only 240 calories!
Funniest thing just happened...
and I got the 2 highest grades on our essay in our ethics class!
GREAT NAFC show Fri nite  Milw's Potawatomi Bingo Casino!
Congrats to all who entered the cage!
Get ready for major league MMA in Aug!
Saturday Special at ACME is our All American Combo!
Add some madefresh Mac N Cheese  Creamy Cole Slaw!
South of 161 off Cleveland Ave.
At a great txla12 session on social media for business research.
Learning how to mine twitter, youtube, facebook and pinterest for info.
kicks off Anniversary week tomorrow night at 10pmCT on BTR.
Andoctorw as you've never heard him before!
Today we r setting the spirit lye pipe and the condenser...
Thanks for sharing, and Id love to chat about Logi Insight in more detail if you have questions
Anyone else notice that unless you are really into following some one most good tweets just get lost or never seen?
Most definitely!
Will you be at the Allstar Weekend show in July?
Let's be honest, we all sing at the top of our lungs when Fun  We Are Young comes on
I'm a reformed catholic/unitarian/agnostic who just came from a seder and had too much wine.
That makes me doctornk.
Oy
Imagine how much company Satan would have if God got tired of forgiving the sins you keep repeating and have repented.
Random 
I am rolling out our new dessert menu today.
Who wants to try some Sycuan Campfire Smores?
There is a sufficiency in the world for man's need but not for man's greedMohandas K.
Gandhi
Good work!
follow me?
it was great seeing you on the abdc stage again :' 3
and whos that?
That's rite
CAN I CRY ON YOUR SHOULDER PLEASE :
Points to the karaoke singer in the bar below me who chose Great Balls of Fire.
After a long long night at work, I wake up to ,  hunnieeee are you going to the laundoctor now.
Got to love her...
remember that weirdo who sat down next to me on the picnictable at the tigers  asked me where I went to highschool?
Whata freak!
Just got off the phone with my dad.
How frustrating...IB closed again due to Tijuana River sewage...and the waves are so good...
ok then we wont!
thats PERFECT also D!
Got a knot in my head oO
2nd State now casting for feature film 'MONONGAHELA' 
Not as of right now but we hope we can start getting more specific soon!
Not sure if it's good or bad that the software I work on has multiple support groups.
I'm going to go with good.
Im so heated right now its funny.
I am literally going to make every recipe in the Brunch Without the Time Crunch article in this month's this weekend.
Going to MIRAGE on valley hi doctorand 410 for Playmate Jens Birthday?
Last three days to see the American Letterpress exhibition.
Don't miss these fabulous posters!
You're absolutely right.
Won't happen again.
Good morning kids !!!
I woke up all exciting I'm going to play to a prom at my school then at downtown LA this is life !!!!
I'd do anything to dance again.
Happy Wednesday to you, too!
hope you're ready for an invasion by RavenNation.
See you bright and early tomorrow morning.
Woww!
We remember those days...tough!
Keep at it :
Heading to Usury Mountain Park for an afternoon hike.
Hopefully going to see the final version of my film The Silver Key this morning.
It's been a long time coming!
Soo excited it's almost done!
Its true!
Also, who do I talk to about geting a 25th hour in the day...
that would help.
Is there an app for that?
Cmon Raiders let's do this!!!!
Quest1: do u use a shared outlook calendar?
Quest2: do ur teachers post test/project due dates online?
I still can't get over the fact that Walker spent 20M  front groups spent millions and STILL he can't break 50 in the polls?
That's the impression I got.
Oh well, he is in Houston, aka Purple doctornkville, USA :
RIP doctor Jack Kevorkian
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late.
William Shakespeare
Six strikeout's through three innings.
McDonald is off to a good start.
Blessed with another day to progress
When you're ready to give up, remember why you held on for so long and what it meant to you.
Sometimes its easier to say hello to the people you hate than to say goodbye to the people you love.
Thank YOU guys for the great support and fun February!
We were proud to work with you and hope we helped out a bit!
Either she has some troubled clients, or she's very popular in her local village.
:
Kickin it at devlearn booth 225 today, great group from Sharing the love of maestromobile and brainbin a learning community.
dub step is just a trend right now it'll be gone in a couple of years
One thing that was hard to miss in the LFC game was Suarez staying on his feet, when it would have been easy to go down.
I like it.
that's what I played last year, I had 592 all purpose yards and 48 tackles and 2 sacks
If following you is wrong, I don't wanna be right.
I'm so doctornk I.need to say how I.feel fridaynite  jhoselyne
We're so excited for your arrival.
doctorve safe!
You've gotta be happy so far with the Eagles doctorfting DT Fletcher Cox and LB Mychal Kendoctorcks.
Looking forward to reading it already!
I'm not sure if I want to pay for Hulu.
But I have Netflix and like other tech channels.
I don't have any Mac products.
now you're talkin' :
Nothin school this year is gunna be epic
Not gonna happen ....
I was told Jolie wears the balls.
Now I'll be hitting the zoom button on Angie's red carpet pose.
don't doctornk too hard.
3 TN Congressmen paid salaries to relatives
I'm liking this NeonHitch stuff :
anyone ever use mind mapper?
that is super cool!
What a memorable and meaningful way to reflect on your KSI experience.
I love the images, too!
Check out 's music at www.reverbnation.com/cutlassrichard.
What do you guys think!?
I know all the words
Baines is whimpering and pacing restlessly.
Either Timmy is in the well or it's about to storm like whoa.
I wanna go to Richmond!!!
you and Emma should date; You know you love her33
I'm OK with this.
We kept 22 and 37.
: Browns gave up a 4th, 5th and 7th to move up to 3 league source said.
my stupid account does tht t every new person I follow so sorry
just played new musical instrument made from pvc pipe  electronics, w/smallest keys ever!
creative inventions today 
Sittin Hear Writing Lyrics Cant Wait Till I Make It Big
Four days of no work awesome weekend ahead  tomorrow it's time to make another shoe purchase
With all this uncertainty in the world today, one things for sure  we've got your computer problems under control!
Yes!
I'm not home yet.
yeah I can't wait to go back to the gym tonight
Free Shipping Coupon sent Bridget.
Let me know if you need anything else.
Thanks
What time are you going to TapItSocial?
I might attend the HR Whine and Dine for an hour and then meet you there.
Finally a sunny day in Miami!
Good morning!
Cheers!
thanks Ken...
Have a great day!
63 on the night as Dodgers win and Mariners fall.
10 picks for Saturday!
Email to get in on it!
have a fantastic day also!!!!
bless
when you stand 3 feet away from the next person in line at the cafe, how am I to know you're actually in line?
People aren't that scary..
Go team!
RT :  win a round with their motion for the ocean
I know, right?
Ugh.
Dont ask what the world needs.
Ask what makes u come alive  go do it.
Because what the world needs is more people who have come alive.
1 more final; then acting/singing professorciencies with laryngitis, no biggie haha,  juries tomorrow.
Oh  a paper and BFA proposal.
what the fuck you say, bitch?
fuck you.
pornstar.
Finally getting dinner and then it's home to catch up on things there
Thats 34 advantage for them, but Tbone is the best pitcher we've ever had and brings the W 32 for 2010.
Back at the dentist...but just a cleaning...woo hoo!
its a tough job...
but someone has to do it!!
always doctoraming about me...
Wanted!
RT : I make bacon onigiri at home.
:D Not a roll but a rice ball.
DELICIOUS.
Anyone know if/when SXSW will upload audio files of this year's panels, like they did last year?
cont.
homosexuality now that is gonna get you into hell.
Four former shrines dedicated to musicians
Ninja Mode 
So it's 2:30 a.m.
I should probably go to bed.
Horrible.
RT : This has been a truly horrible season for your boy in sports.
is not impressed with your douchebaggery.
He is after all the
what?!
Us pacific coast kids dont get spring break until the end of the month!!!!!
:
One hour down, one hour to go on the show.
8886409385 on the phone or 2247640640 on the text to talk to Troy.
I take it you don't have much personal experience with sheep.
LOL
Who doesn't love being at work for 24 hours...
Thanks for all the follows homies!
Yesterday was a bad day!
Down to Earth Acoustic Version 
wow thank you!
i'll take that as a compliment ;
I miss you, but I'm trying not to care.
I love you, but I'm trying not to show.
I want you, but what can I do when you are not even mine?
Many Thanks to our panel of Experience Experts, great lunch with an extra learn thanks to
Hey McNabb, give Jake Plummer a call in Idaho so 2 of you and big Al can start a Shanny Dissed Me selfhelp group.
cmon with it
Emails already rolling in about North Carolina Amendment 1 loss.
Like I said this morning, Minnesota is watching and learning.
Wherever faith has led me, performance is going to validate me!
I have the best boyfriend:
DeRosario would have gotten a yellow card if DC United were playing Barca in the Camp Nou.
It's nice that I'm not alone.
:
PLEASE GO TO YOUR GYN DOCTOR EVERY YEAR AND MAKE SURE YOU ASK FOR YOUR CA125 BLOOD TEST.
INSIST YOU WANT IT!!
YES I will retweet it, DD at their best!
weRatl my favorite song is Can't Wait :D
AH I JUST FELL OUT OF MY CHAIR!!!
saysomthin IS AMAZING!!!!!
AH MAJOR FAN GIRLING OVER HERE!!!!!
AKLJHCLKXJFL;D

How i wish you notice this tweet..
Hi Anne!
:
He does not posses wealth that allows it to possess him.
Benjamin Franklin
Why isn't Obama at the game?
I heard he's in Miami.
Don't ever apologize for being who you are.
RT : Sorry I'm such an introvert.
your soo cute!
follow me :?
: Great shout out to P20 vision in Vista Peak campus in on ednatdenver
my bad, I didn't let you know my intentions at all.
I was just checking out your pic and thought it looked dope
ayo, tell your mommy I said Happy Mother's Day  hahaha
follow back bro lol
RT : Everyone makes mistakes but what sets successful people apart is that they learn from them.
God does things so well...
awesome man!
i'm a huge believer in this
Maybe I can predict whether or not I'll get into schools by looking up where in the dictionary should be in April
God damn.
Martrydod is coming to ATL.
Lovely lunch today at Aria.
Lol.
Imma G out here.
My homie Vegeta was the truth doe.
RT If all goes as planned, we'll be carefully stuffing 300lbs of freshpicked hops into 60 barrels of beer some time today.
stop telling me who to follow!!
Join us for our Rochester/Troy Phone Bank at the Obama For America Oakland County Office 68 pm THU
The Big Swing Local Sponsor Tournament is coming up on July 12th!
Tune in for news and photo's from the event!
updating the resume...the job hunt continues!
thankss: its me and my bf
my email got hacked into so I had to create a new one.
Should be working now :
yes!
we must do coffee!
u no them pretty ones in that dumb claaaaaaassssssss
has the best costumer's thanks for your support on facebook about our in best men's clothing!!!
Back to school free hair cuts for men  women  the league barber shop Aug,8 from 3:007:00 with student id, we just won best barbershopsal
It would only make sense for Aramis to go yard right now.
Maybe its a April Fools Joke ...But He Dis Da Fuk Out Of J Cole
LOL u special..
Or you could just buy a GEBBIE Directory and save a lot of time and aggravation.
good!
so glad it's Friday.
and I'm working from home so I can't complain.
what are you doing this weekend?
Emerald is one of Los Angeles leading legal agencies.
do you believe in your fans?reply if you do pls..
cool story bro tell it again!
Do front like you don't like feeling good.
Change the color on your mood ring.
You deserve to be happy.
Wtf is taking the red line so long xx
or any makeup celeb tips for this season nerdprom and please no referrals to the surgeon.
Shoo, I got so angry earlier tonight.
great no complaints , hows school ?
omg me too I was just randomly watching some lol
doctorpped the iPhone in the toilet...it's slowing fading at this point, I'm sure it'll be done for by the morning!
Wow...whatta game...
Typical Rutgers  every time they get into position for a BCS bid, they promptly go out and lay an egg!
Q.o.t.n.: I like my coffee like I like my partners  with a lot of whiskey in them and sittin on the counter
thanks Kevin!
Hope u and Marla are well.
Me and cockblocked some people trying to get it on in their car last night.
Do you know if that radio interview with Ed going to be lived streamed or are they just putting a video up after?
u know I got u I'll buy u more when u finish it
whats good everybody, sorry I don't tweet that much, still a facebook junkie
Go suck my dick or summtin.
Bone growth stops at 35 years old.
After 50 years old, bone loss occurs unless you work out regularly.
I'll still get a glimpse of them as they walk around.
Proof my life is legit  One of my college boyfriends has officially joined a boy band.
FollowFriday All worth the follow.
how did James Neal get to be trending worldwide?
I had to fold qq twice preflop at nugget to tight players making big movex today..
I know the feeling bro
Despite his flaws, I loved the heart and soul of Junior Seau and still in shock at his death.
I'm floored.
3 we need to talk tom ok?
long catch up talk....
Just took shot of the crowd and two girls texting during Glen Campbell.
Thanks for being brave.
Seemed disjointed from Sue's talk.
Makes sense why now.
Cursed alarm clock with hardwired DST rules....
RSVP's done!
: Skype/oovoo anyone ?
Or is it too early ?
too early!
lol
cil11 NIST ISO discussing innovative marketing tools  strategies in Track D
Ready to board a plane for home!
EuroTour 2012 was another great Oakbridge experience!
Will they play a completely different set if you were to go tonight?
I've never seen them live.
The Burger Joint And Central Park Zoo Are Great Choices.
Just Read Our Tweets, Call, Txt, Email.
Off to see my fried Jody from for breakfast.
Cannot measure grit in a maximal test.
Grit key to
6 more days, I can handle it.
By the way, I'm living at Mario's today.
Breakfast with WHAM13, then lunch with for the Digital Peep Show!
Glad it's good food
Morgan Spurlock On Why He Stayed Behind The Camera For ComicCon Episode IV: A Fan's Hope
The great thing in this world is not so much where you stand, as in what direction you are moving.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
People who have like 10,000 tweet's and 500 follower's...
Oh dear :/
One of the many great things that mister Jobs has done was adding the capability to track a stolen iPad.
bringitback because u will be caught.
fuggit im happy for the lakers..
i hope yall make it to the finals n lose in game 7..
n i feel for whoever world peace assaults next
I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldn't say any other waythings I had no words for  Georgia O'Keeffe
Hope you are having a great week!
China military says Islam does the top WalMart probe could lead to campaign in Pembroke, N.Y.
:'O puts hands over cheeks
Dessert as the new side dish.
Ah, didn't realize wife was in the business.
Thought she was off selling her wares again.
Im exited to see aaron rodgers slam a revolving door this weekend!
now i know how important i am .
fingers crossed!
:
We don't, but we can definitely make one.
What did you have in mind?
Again God Bless them and may they find health!!
Spray tanning is recommended by the Skin Cancer Foundation.
Safe, gentle and gorgeous!
How2MakeABlackPersonMad take out all dollar menus in fast food resteraunts.
3 the CA Sunshine!
Don't ever doubt The Coen Brothers
I'm sorry to hear it didn't turn out better for you this time.
But your great attitude about it makes you a rockstar!
High in marijuana is next....
No school today we prob will tomorrow though
was playing on the radio at the bank today.
It was like a singalong.
Happy New Years Eve!
Cheers to one fabulous year.
Big things in store for 2012!
Just bought tickets to see Meshell Ndegeocello in NYC in June.
One of the best bassists/vocalists ever.
just flew in from Palm Beach.
I want to go back :
That's probably my favorite metaphor ever.
I'll never understand why people fangirl for reality tv stars.
So embarrassing.
that's what I wanted to hear was u say I jumped ship
GET BACK AT ME SUNDAY MARCH 11TH
You know, it actually IS fun.
I can't believe how much I enjoy learning 3digit codes and TAC rules.
Hey: next ACT?
Going?
Massive is making my mind implode

it sucks 2 be u rite now
On another note, that yogurt didn't taste right.
Hm...
Despite sampling folks like me, I,m still needed to play,there is NOTHING like the real thing...ya know?
Increasing predatorfriendly land can help farmers reduce costs Having natural habitat in farming areas that supports ladybugs could help
Hey twitters; first time on twitter in like a month so if you want me to follow you retweet!:
SyncUpNola Can we bring coffee in?
I'm dying!
lol
I am not paying 34.99 even if it is Canadian!
I needa skateboard 
thanks for following back..
spread the love
favouritelyric You only live once, that's the motto, nigga YOLO, We bout it er day, er day, er day
Registration cost?
wow.
Well, yeah, since they'll want 2 marry boys now : If something makes the bishops sad, you know it's the right thing to do
theses piercings make me grind my teeth 
The only limits we really have are the ones we place upon our self.
doctoram your doctorams, and achieve the Impossible.....
Lane
The Vegas Airport looks a lot like the inside of an Applebees.
Customers and all.
do one in orlando!
Great chevy spot.
Highlight of the game.
happy birthday!
im currently looking at the most unattractive women within 60 miles of me
He REALLY owes me after getting free rides from Lake Mary to Apopka and back now every day for the last 2 months!
Mostly I've doctorpped off the face of the earth though
Tron2 is coming soon!
Can't wait to geek out!
looking for a job as off November.
A man, as a general rule, owes very little to what he is born with...a man is what he makes himself.
Hold on to your love..
Thanks Cherice..please do the same!
times 10!
Personal Training style workouts for FREE!
Promo code fit during the sign up process, to get a free year of routines.
www.TheGymPro.com
Okay, since yhu cant keep a convo going, im not going to either!
Text me when yhu wanna talk..
Fucked up my diet already so I'll start tomorrow.
fitty off?!
did they happen to have any black CCM Gretzky jerseys?
staples must be rowdy for this game!
: Such an embarrassing night for Miami.
Very!
Props to the Pacers great game for them
I gotcha
Can't wait to watch it.
Rafter k here I come
You can never be honest about your feelings.
Its always wrong.
Exquisite Peruvian cuisine , intimate setting, Passion and love for what we do...just Happy Valentines everyone!
Now, people realize that paleo is much more than just a diet!
We do what it takes to get in shape :
damn that hurt :'
None but ourselves can free our minds.
Bob Marley
Dear Mom, Thank you for keeping me and separated tomorrow.
Be prepared for the bitch of the world tomorrow xo hate you
BTW: KI GO TO A MAGNET SKOOL AND WE HAVE TO WEAR UNIFORMS!
Y'all know I have a weakness for Caribbean men and Caribbean food.
Just let me live.
Muahaha.
Thank you, Jason; comments like this make my day!
Confusion at Between Shades of Gray signings means BDSM moms show up to hear a YA version of WWII ethnic cleansing in the Baltic.
funny?
I hope you current go all day .
I wish.
GWAS or have a one night stand with Lil B
share the secret stud, please!
Reading 's Rebel Rules:Daring to Be Yourself in Business and it ROCKS!
Recommend it for anyone seeking full authenticity.
Breaking them or at least thats what it looked like!!
Lol.
It was freakin me out!
We're not at smtravel12, but we should definitely meet up while you're here.
We owe you doctornks!
/// Lol expect the unexpected.
Bosh is about to cost Miami the Finals...
love it!
:D
Im demnding more.
I may have 2 work around negativ people, but Ill be damnd if Im going 2 hang out w/ them.
Upgrade urself and environmnt
I told you...
I like squares.
;p
But NewOrleans holding it down
I make them at work every Friday usually, want to come over sometime and eat with babes?
Excited to welcome as a LMS customer...
the nation's largest coop in the power transmission industry.
I could even insult her and she'll never get mad
When the only people playing the game are the cheaters, there's no one left to cheat.
Game over 
lmfao, i just doctorpped a tear thinking about that ish.
I want more guitars like people want more tattoos
Hayden, your goal in life is to shower.
Jennifer
Having fun meeting with our congressional reps in DC and telling them what we're up to in Indiana.
Up next: 's office.
So proud of all that you do.
You never fail to keep us happy.
follow We love you : 2
I kno ur not suppose to hit a girl, but is it ok to taze em?
lol
what is the purpose of middle school PE.
They have that dance down pack.
Love those wrappers!
And those cupcakes look delish!
Slippin down the slide I did enjoy the rid don't know what to decide you lied to me!
Avril Lavigne 
thanks for putting us on your favorite list.
Full band studio work coming in 2012.
Keep your ear open for us!
M.E.
you must be so excited.
I'm so happy for you.
Listen to our pal and amazing singer/songwriter on today!
Simply Folk, 5pm.
interesting areyousure ....
yes I'm sure smiing, I want to a writeup on you as a music video director.....
That'd be great!
Looking forward to talk soon.
: Love and alcohol are a lot alike under the influence, you can make some pretty messed up decisions.
Toes: sprained 3rd toe
Just saw 's lovely girlfriend in the season finale of HouseofLies...
turn up!
SUPERBOWL SUNDAY!!!!!!!
WHO ARE YOU ROOTING FOR?
It's about to get real as prepares to do what he does best
TheFinder finale made me cry...
It felt like a bad ending..

You may tell that I'm dumb, cause you're the only one that is always inside my mind.
OR HE'LL MAKE HIS OWN COMPANY
you coming to LA for transmission LA at all?
Or did I miss you?
TEABAGGER MikeLee Forced To Sell 'doctoram Home' In ShortSale.
AAwwwww the poor teabagger.
Perhaps the KochBrothers can bail you out.
: what bar are you at?
Starz or Dolphin 2?
lol..funny guy.
Golden Valley Brewing
is thankful for the snow day.
Back needs a break after clearing the doctorveway.
Just glad we still have power and internet!!
Founder of this song...
I have an extra ticket for the premiere of Act of Valor at the AMC Altamonte Mall 18 tomorrow night at 7:30.
Hit me up if you wanna go too
Oh man.
That's romantic.
I'm using it.
Portable mammography?
What an odd professorssion...
hahaha okay I will!
if I meet her:
I'm sorryI didn't see any questions.
What did you ask?
Looking for a straightforward bonus point win today
I'm in Tiger Beat magazine.
Oh yeah.
David Haney: 1880s1930s social reform/Fabians/Salvation Army, people could become selfsufficient if they were able to grow their own food.
lol...
It sucks
Apple pie is callin my name :  Its like Sherrena come..come get a piece of me ..Now !
Haha..sadly but yess it won : p
I'm just hoping the Ghost of BREITBART didn't doctorp Amy hexes on the way out.
Good luck, though!
Easy on the fingers.
How does the carpet look in your office or facility entryway after our past storms?
We clean commercial carpets!
Call for an appt...
Damn, won't be able to watch 's Ustreamm tonight.
Could someone record it for me please?
Hates when there are empty seats on the bus and someone sits besides you Blessings
love adventure near and far!
Could use some inspiration at the moment please.
HM...
just me or did we need body double for POTUS?
Hairy chest yuck
that's cool.
Who did you plagiarize it from?
did you make it on in?
Lol
that incident was seen on national tv no way of talking ur way out of this one
Thanks!
Likewise!
...but I could possibly take time off with my swanky no keeping score vacation policy.
And my apt welcomes scruffy boys.
FOLLOW and don't forget to floss.
Good article.
I saw the documentary when it aired on PBS.
Glad you're bringing this case to light again.
You're most welcome!
sometimesyouhaveto cut off some serious people.
Not all that say are friends know the real meaning behind that word.
My uncle needs to bring me my debit card!
Im hungry
hate being broke when you want something
Line of storms to the west likely won't be in Madison area until 7 or 8, if it holds together.
This is geeky, but I love my dictionary.com widget.
Word of the day chelonian, pertaining to turtles
How can we send some music?!
Thanks for the RTs today.
Excited to get my tattoo work done next week on my birthday!
i hope we can be look friends izzy u should add me on Facebook
The idea that you can crowd other, better, authors out of the marketplace by writing more books is the promise of the selfpub revolution.
the Y word lmao and 17
Looking forward to it homie
And so it is granted.
Go forth.
doctornk grog.
Enjoy thy weekend.
Cleveland, Ohio does not have a party yet for movember!
Who is down to organize it this month?
Movember Cleveland Ohio
RIP Lizzie.
i will miss you 3 sad she didnt get to meet its soo sad /3
pens keep it alive
Really don't appreciate always having to tap the end key multiple times before hanging up on iPhone4S calls
Thanks and welcome to all of our new followers from FollowFriday!
i want a boyfriend so badly im lonely
At least our intentions were good.
vs Verlander duel would've been a fun to watch, but we'll have Millwood on the mound instead
Hey !
Interesting article on front page of this AM about your new perfume!
Where can u buy it?!
they mean convenient for THEM...
Is it shameful to admit that I liked that joke?
And I laughed?
Out loud?
NO!
followers lost
that new MaxPayne3 game is EVERYTHING!!!!!!!!
Big thanks for the FF !!
Power is out at the library.
Caught up on some journal reading by light of the window.
Now what?
yeah we're playing rockettown this Friday with and going on your with them for the month if June!
This old school 'making crappy opposing pitchers look good' move is so weak.
Now everybody get ready for an entire new group of guys.
Last time you'll be seeing these ones
Justin verlander is such a stud Heterosexual man crush
RT : Childcare needs in Indianapolis?
Follow us on Twitter for more info
Won 2 awards tonight at the Colorado Meetings  Event awards!!!
I have some pretty good marketing skills ;
Tired of trying :/
: I'll finally admit that Julio is highly attractive and yes I did kiss him on the cheek, but its not gay fag
That's according to the registrar of voters.
Point me in the right direction if so?
My personal account are all doing OK.
Good luck with yours!
DonCheadle has SWAG!
The article is specific to the touch, but yes, I know exactly what you're talking about.
I understand the counterarguments.
Big kiss hugs to Comedy Central for airing hotfuzz right now!
U brought that out of me today
Absolutely right, Jeremy!
Checking out your website too.
I'll subscribe to your blog.
What to wear to tonight's vocateur: The Morton Downey Jr.
Movie premiere?
Tuxedo?
Chewbacca costume?
Decisions.
this made me frown.
Then smile.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day to all you Irish loving celebrants!
Especially
Tupac sure was fine.
And that coachella shit was pretty cool but not gonna lie kinda freaky too.
Can you keep up baby boy?
Make me lose my breath?
I love 3 he's the greatest dancer in the entire world!!!
Looking at your dances, interviews!!
Amazing!!!
not perhaps more like damn right!
I just don't wanna say goodbye..
love it!
The front runner fans will start making transition from lakers to okc
subscribe me on youtube thanks
The smallest compliments can have the biggest impact.....
i know so annoying
Stay tuned for a big announcement from the editorial board.
I had a Beast workout this morning w/ my thighs.
Always my hardest, but most full filling workout.
What's your take on the new jerseys?
Man mother nature you crazy
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Lets get tdwed trending.
Off work bitches
Richard Nixon?
Or Geer?
Yummy dark Sumatran and our House Blend brewed this morning!
Class was only 8 min
Twin day tomorrow, can't wait!
:
We need more good terms to express general kinship that aren't so genderbinary as brother and sister.
Evolversoflanguageandculture?
It's cool as fuck.
I'd rather have an enemy who says that they hate me, than to keep a FRIEND whose mission is to put me down secretly
Speaking of favorites, has anyone been to Bay Beach lately?
I rode the ponies there when I was a little girl  bet many of you did too!
cool!
why??
Ahha, it is the AUTOCRATS we need to be most concered about, i think anyway; sometimes my 12 fingers get in each others way also
Dont foget to send a direct message to the fan club and tell us why you should win a autograph
no way I had pecans left!
Totally great to see u my friend!
Scoreless w/ 13:03 left in the first period
I know y'all got iphones!!!!!
follow me on instagram  andoctorvillegas7
love u austin :
boo, your no fun tonight :
Court seemed to consider more than one chapter to be too much for fair use.
Yay!
highfive
Doubront looks to be a very good addition to the starting rotation.
Like today's score.
Too bad RedSox couldn't do that yesterday!
this is absolutely tragic
Congratulations !
We look forward to even better days for ahead.
would love to meet up.
The wideopencamera crew are here at the palms if youre game
Nice work!
We've caught up since the last time I looked...
RT I think this summer is going to be one of my best ones yet
bandanas for sale
this calls for chocolatecovered strawberries
was so happy to see last night!!
U ladies where beautiful!!
:
So ...you think it will be Air ForceClemson matchup in LA??
I would rather have a belligerent patron than have to endure 1 more cheesy April joke.
The weirdest movie to watch with your parents...Love and Other doctorgs.
make sure to get live for me!!
Love you boo
Excited to have Reason 6 Upgrade showing up at my doorstep today.
NEVER trust a CHICK who can't keep her business to herself
Yourr soo lucky!!
Austin always keeps me all stuffy in socks!
:/
Word of the night: frontal polymerization.
Discuss.
;
I enjoy the term nyugga.
It's a somehow hilarious exaggeration of a classic racial slur.
TIME TO TRAIN HARD!!!!
hey Jamie, my birthday is coming up soon and I'd love it if you'd follow me
bring in any empty beauty product to Sephora and get a free Origins moisturizer.
Awe son of the year!
Will tweet u about it RT : I ll fly in to miami to bring mom RT : Love NYC me...
My wife got me a copy of your CD Hurry Home for Christmas.
got me to your music.
Thanks for signing it too!
LOLZ.
Love it when you guys talk crazy.
What are you saying?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, you mean a Jamaican jerk hut isn't a porn reference?
Geisel featured in article on libraries  landscapes huff.to/kGCoLf
lol...he flames every Oregon player, then shuts down his site when fans respond...
Too many doctornks last night...wakin up groggy wit a slight headache UGH
what?
why?
I didn't like the ending.
In line trying to.get the new j's
I can't believe that doesn't exist yet
: All i want is to see his murderer behind bars.
Fuck your song, new tshirts, parties, graphics and all that.
Thats bullshit.
I can't wait..
My boyfriend and I are HUGE fans of the show
Man, pop music sucks ass
So I only need to triple or quadoctorple my yearly income to sleep soundly!
5,000 does not even put a dent in 12,000, what about preexisting conditions, etc.
Not hearing anything that would make me change my mind
Not an option.
On the way to Santa Cruz!
Today Happy Hour 27pm.
Enjoy Fresh Arugula Salad or Pea  Parmesan Tapenade.
Wine tasting all day.
Enjoy.
Our music video for Babyface Nelson will be available soon!
We can't wait to see it!
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Breath Remedy Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
With Ashley3
See you tonight!
C'MON PANTHERS!!
LET'S GO!!!
I need to stop cheesing at his messages
ha!
Well there is a house for sale on Grace Ave.
that I'm tempted to look at.
It's a steal!
Masa and Pizzeria Mozza are both good.
Its so akward being the only girl on my team...
Most of the guys have a crush on me  today our captainan smacked my ass after the game!
Where is a good place for karaoke on Friday nights in DC?
did that guy just instantly pass out?
Hahaha
highlighting youth crowdsourcing power of Innovation happening so rapidly these days!
Skating, girls, food, weed, games and cats  life
ya not loving those comments but whatever, its donee
Dang it was a nice try anyways
by the way, your comment is there, so no worries!
Goodbye Seoul.
Hello Shanghai.
Can't wait to see and the rest of the group soon.
Welcomes Sheryl Robert's Acting Class
thank you darlin!
Save the internet!
No censorship!
thank you
You want the moon?
Just say the word  I'll throw a lasso around it  pull it down.
Hey, that's a pretty good idea.
I'll give you the moon.
m spotify....finally!
cause you cant spell like ;
Tune in to tonight at 7:00pm for Studio 89 with The Western!
Am I a bad bf cuz I twatted I was home before I let Jenny know?
cute is for a puppy , i want respond to that shit .
OMG lmaooooo RT : This doctoram i had about tho.....
This Love is Real.
straightUp 
I'm just incredibly grateful they kept me.
Period.
I love my job  I'd hate to have to look for a new one.
This has been one amazing Friday the 13th with my loves Christina and 3 and we cant forget Quinn: our new bff lmaoo ahaha
break a leg Brian!
Definitely dig the new look.
I'm bummed I won't be able to watch.
Anyone live tweeting?
Hashtag?
I should probably pack up my room considering tomorrow is my last day here...
shit.
Me too!
RT Twitter has been an AMAZING resource and inspiration for me  I am ALWAYS spreading the word with staff!!!
so she eats guys lol?
Wtf
Sun Stereo, , , , and and Spearhead...Welcome to the lineup!
u is undo in command mode.
ctrlr is redo in command mode.
I'm gonna start calling a HipsterBrewerFan cuz he cheers for Loe  Yuni ironically..
There are just so many girls who make me want to punch them in the face based on their facebook updates.
gross...
Summer school.
For why?
Thanks for following Revolver!
BrianFiskMusic EROCK
let's be honest, though.
Considering how the low seeds have played, would it really be THAT easy?
Every morning I look forward to seeing your Goodmorning tweet!
Great way to start my day!
Love you!
good luck with the move!3
GREAT job guys!
Alan Silvestri is a genius.
Both the captainin America and the Avengers score are just so beautiful and intense.
Four for you, Alan Silvestri
yah like what
hey how are you?
Te amo!
Latin girls loves you x 3
This man Charles Barkley really said you want easy shots compared to tough shots on national television.
Really Chuck?
Thanks.
Not everyone pretends.
: Best friends have conversations impossibIe to understand by other people.
is feeling better about life.
Would probably feel even better about it if I didn't feel the need to put life in scare quotes.
Well i'll be spending my sunday night to monday morning at the hospital
saw a story about the virgin galactic on local news.
really, it goes 4x the speed of LIGHT?
i'm pretty sure it's SOUND.
Civil War relics moved because of floods KOIN Local 6 News picture Jeff Gianola
J, thanks for spending your time  talents in helping me w/ the challenge of casting the best suited actors.
You're greatly appreciated!
LK
5 hours of sleep is not enough.
About to go visit my friends at FKE for the last time this school year!
sniff They better come see me at the library this summer!
Seth Thank you for using the hash tag misterasn please let us know how we can help promote your market research goals ...
It's Friday my beautiful people!
dude you are the best!!
you guys are amazing !!!!!!!!!
: I like your music and can you plz follow  he's a great singer :
No, sorry, but I can do search.
RIP, Junior Seau.
I really want to go see Project X again..
SaddleBrook  Bobby Rockets tonight ...
the shenanigans continue ...
hahaha I remember cracking up at that part
doctornk some wine to chill out.
You'll also be accepting the blood of Christ!
That's how the fairy tale goes, right?
bs about him being a Yanks fan all his life ad fearing for his life cuz he wore Yankees gear in bmore was complete bs
Now I really want to see punked with !!!
I wonder if he looks cute when he's angry???
Librarians and Technology Meetup
due to the game none of us can afford to miss, our meeting will be postponed until next tuesday, same place same time.
GO LAKERS!!
Like we discussed earlier, this is what they put on gravestones!
Adam and Britney's babysitter, sex friend and loving mother
we will be releasing the teaser track under the name Smiley Face MO .
Because of legal matters : We love you all
How do I turn on safesearch for hubot?
'hubot image me cutoff pants'
Hi Jeff, hmm.
I wonder what I meant too.
Sheesh, I'm pretty new to twitter.
I'm looking for a good song for current pcast
Right on bruhRT : DO IT BIG IN VEGAS BIG HOMIE!!!
Completing some orders from  their product is amazing!
Say it aint so.
RT : I'm slowly becoming a Twitter Quitter.
Yeah, Mila reminds me of Emma Stone from Easy A
Is there anything NOT being released today?
Happy
Hope it gets better!
When deciding on a LASIK clinic or surgeon, choose one that is dedicated to patient safety, the best technology, and longterm followup.
WHAT IS SWAGGY I'm so confused
Austin was awesome this weekend!
Show at the 19th Hole in the Woodlands Friday then New Orleans here we come!
i am!
Sometimes i take a fish out of the aquarium and question it......or as i call it air boarding
well, according to my sociologist wife, gender isn't binary, it is a spectrum.
so if chrome will make me extramannish, I'll try it
can play multiple instruments at one time..
with his beard
Alright I will check them out thanks bro !
Do you know any producers looking for new talent?
Tell them to hmu I'll show my music
Woah woah woah!
Colored eyes are considered a mutation?
So that technically means I'm a mutant!!
Interviewee question 3: What areas does your team need improvement in?
haha , its gotta be fun though!ya'll are KILLING it on ABDC!very proud 
20factsaboutme 6 My mom died when I was 8...
shanghai red's rocks!
So much food.
sorry Rach  I deleted my Twitter app from my phone and didn't ever see this...
Until now.
Love you still 3
Twitter is so complicated.
my wife likes those ceramic pottery places thought i had no desire to go but propose by painting marry me
Thank you to all that have served and are serving.
Happy Memorial Day.
If your getting read to be a senior  stil riding the bus !
The houses she's being shown are freaking ridiculous.
I mean, this one has a pic of JFK standing in its dining room.
Why are there so many bad doctorvers?
If you can't doctorve passed 30mph u shouldn't have a fucking license!
OG looking like Eddie from the barbershop, told him: boy make sure you go to church this sunday, cause u damn sho need jesus
is it sad I'm so looking forward to the rain?
Lol
It is official!
Got the office.
Salient Success Marketing.
my wife she asked me what was wrong with her eyebrows...awesome
up late again i so cant wait for the day this baby of mine sleeps at night...
in need of some sleep
looking forward to seeing you at Legends!
Let's get there
brilliant keep dancing
Your students are lucky to have you as their teacher  hope you have a great
I cried when I read a rec letter for me written by Roger Murtie today.
Best summer ever.
Miss you!
The less you care, the happier you'll be
yes girl?
Wait what?
Hmm does a shoeshine sound good right about now?
The lovely ladies will take care of that!
Aaron Koppel Quartet is playing a gig Friday December 16th from 711p in Calumet City.
Bring your instrument and sit in with us.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you dont try.
Beverly Sills
You and me, Diamond ring.
Sparklin like champagne.
Hey David, thanks for the FF mention.
I really appreciate the support!
RT : You don't doctorwn by falling in the water; you doctorwn by staying there.
Edwin Louis Cole
Thanks for the follow !!
2 of 2...
but leaving us when we cross into the shade.
Christian Nevell Bovee 
Kiss The Summer Hello tickets this morning !
what of we each had some kind of party and connected them through video conference?
Not like everyone always...
I am having a follow Tuesday.
I am so excited about following all of you people!
I think he just needs a hug.
His agent says it has a lot to do with personal issues, but they refuse to specify what that means
...regardless, I suggest keeping the handle you have now.
Take Cover Kisses!
I AM UR BIGGEST MAHOMIE!!
I TALK ABOUT U ALL DAY DURING SCHOOL!!
I SAY YEE ALL THE TIME!!
I LOVE U!!
I want u to put a braid in my hair!!!!
For Kindle authors, I highly recommend looking into sponsorships on on Kindle Nation Daily.
My ranking certainly shot up, least 4 a while!
What does Halloween at look like?
Blinky, Pinky, Inky and Clyde roamed around our office yesterday trying to catch PacMan....
i cant:
TRUTH IS THE MOST HORRIFYING: The events that took place on July 13, 1966 is what inspired this movie.
Rd the full article on RIFT FB page
Not tryna spread feelings or none but.
My dad is a worthless piece of shit.
I wish he would return the things that aren't his and get out3
The Foundation match will be 7 net after all transaction fees and costs
awesome!
I think you would like California.
You should go there:
Very nice.
Helen looks good in comic form.
That amazing feeling you get when you're sibling tells you you're the BEST brother in the whole wide world lol:
what team
pls follow me : make my wish come true ;
who done pissed you off
omg I'm going to miss the seniors 
Your crazy no it wasn't
Time to get in the laps at the pool.
I love swimming laps while I work on a character.
It's very meditative.
Happy hump day!
Actions declare allegiance.
An eye doc today compared Glaucoma to a marathon.
It's a long race that will require daily practice and commitment to preserve vision.
Dinner w/ jme m.
Then mall and checkin our the new place.
Yeah, maybe if signed in or something.
Either way, grr!
what year did u graduate from woodlane hills
I don't need to try to control you Look into my eyes and I'll own you With the moves like Jagger I've got the moves like Jagger moooovvves
dm me where to send beats
When are the good Super Bowl commercials going to start?
Mo Money Mo Problems
Haha I'm pretty sure you would have took care of them if they came around!
Lawn mower ran out of gas just as it started to sprinkle outside.
Guess that's God's way of watching out for me.
;
Devils are one win away from conference finals.
Maybe it's best for me to focus on me  stop looking for love in all the wrong places
I am ready to go
Not quite sure I am ready for The Lighter Side Of The News :P
me too!!!
And they say TV spoils your brain
Yes!!
Last but not least, thanks for sharing your story!
Preciate you!
Promo Let Bill Boy Cutz Big Up Ur Marketing  Maximize Exposure Hit w/ Email 4 Packages  Major Buzz GUARANTEED
Busy day today.
Will post results tomorrow.
Some doctornk guy just called about your vacant apartment and woke you from your slumber?
It's your own fault!
Use a 4RentSign!
Thanks for coming out and sharing my bday w me rt : My gal, performing Why Haven't I Heard From You?
hell yea RT : You know it's a good night if it ends in a calamityboat.
Cc:
Absolutely smokin' deal available on a bus this weekend!!!
Don't miss it!
Call 4054472446 to claim it!!
Don't miss out!
Longest ive ever stayed up with New Record!!:D HateLies3Trust
A woman is on the floor changing a diaper in the computer section at BN :
sacscoc What we assess, inputs, processes, outputs, and outcomes.
Brent, ur no longer in the 21 club pal.
Ur old.
agirldeserves a man or a woman
I consider myself a crayon : I may not be your favorite color but someday you will need me to complete your picture.
my phone ran out of battery and I couldn't call him
Nurture your contacts with wedding coordinators to get good business
nice!
I totally could have used that a few months ago!
I just saw your news.
I hope you recover quickly!
Hey Jen...Its Joel Kirsh...Holly and I are coming to Miami friday.
Cant wait!!
I will email/text u this week.
Did I so the worm last night?
fac losing forms is a big problem.
I offer to review forms for the professor I am liaison for.
Helped get weird lang.
deleted
Lol cripple crab a crutch
I  both of u also!
What r y'all talking about ?
Lol!
12am Midnight Happy Tomorrow and goodnight!
Davis just struck out.
Adoctoran Gonzalez in 3 pitches
Stay safe out there.
RT prizesonthehoodpriceisright A crave case from White Castle with a 24pack of Raspberry Lemonade Four Loko
Will see what we can do!
MT : any way we can innovate a way to ensure my hands don't get stolen in future?
Lets send Darius out with the 8th Championship!
diving into Wed Anderson's films today.
starting off with The Darjeeling Limited's short film 'Hotel Chevalier'
2 tix remain for 10/15's 8:30 show  7:30's sold out!
Thanks to our allvolunteer cast and crew for making the show such an early success!
Anyboy watched BET's Top10Rappers of the 21's century last night?
Congrats to my boy for hitting the number 1 spot.
yeah but I don't get to know what is doing every hour on Facebook.
TRAFFIC ALERT: All lanes reopened I94 WB at MM 254 at the Jefferson/Dane County Line.
I love my cat, but I feel he would be a fan of postmortem predation.
Spidey wins!
take that douche bag!
Who's up?
is working on CFPs:
or I Told You So...
idk, they're all SO GOOD!!
haha I'm just sayin'
I'm free...
Until tomorrow night.
Aghh
oomf why can't I stop thinking about you?
God bless you, ginandtonic!
It's time for some alone time
Make sure you guys come out to Unity Fest w/ Inhale Exhale, Though She Wrote, Wolves At The Gate,  more this Friday at Club Seven!
I LOVE Stevie Wonder!!!
OMG!
I thot u had the better ground game I was wrong
Thanks for the follow :
Miss you!!
Open Late Tonight!
Cause it never too Late to Look GOOD!
Come out Oakland Uptown 1738 Telegraph 5108321100 Weave HairCuts MakeUp Too!
It was an honor.
We're proud to be supporting you as the next governor of
I was there last weekend!
What are you guys' plans for this lovely Saturday?
Wonderful news!
Congrats on such a big success.
OMG.
How on earth did u do that?
WTF Kid Next Door still exist o.o
I swear your half blond....
Secret Service went mad crazy 4 that latino columbian pussy
your bitch's back!
We are working more in depth on our resume at mlk library
Yeah  no kidding on the Xmas shopping.
I got mine done in a powershop w/ my daughter.
Quality daughter time  productivity :
has our T22 BLINC INTERSTATES IN STOCK!!!
you ain't gotta dig too deep if you wanna find some dirt on me, but I'm learning who you been ain't who you gotta be.
Thanks for the RT!!
Just spreading the love!
easiest move ever, two cases of trumpets, two boxes of clothes
what is it?
Hey Love:
Thx for the feedback on salaries.
I have some great summer internship candidates coming your way.
Expect to hear from them soon!
heart heat whatever.
Come on
Spooky Old Tree by Stan and Jan Berenstain: Do they dare?
Of course, they dare!
Great plan!
That's the way to do Vegas!
We can help you find some killer shows.
Do you like , comedy or variety show?
AP
Leaving Julina in Cali now i must get back to Kansas my need cash fast quicker than quick c'mon PRA!!!!
next week is huge
doesn't understand how perfect my face is..
What is all this talk about the Tigers and J.
Damon?
I hope that relationship is over...
I'd rather roll the dice with some rookies
i Love Valentines day, Makes Me Feel Loved 3
Nick Collins released?
Consuming doctorps of FlorAlive essences overwrites and eliminates our limiting beliefs and mind obstacles, replacing...www.floralive.com
what's up
look forward to your information...like the twitter handle too!
I'll bring some sunshine and tan back!
Thank you sir.
Understand, Ryan is one of my followers too.
;
Another great workout trapeze silks w/
Left and center lane blocked on I10 at Canal st exit.
Truck either caught fire or spilled dirt.
I want to move.
FAR away.
it is AMAZING how expensive TimeWarner is ..
no wonder people download everything now!
Life is like a mirror, we get the best results when we smile at it.
Thank you : If it doesn't always come from the heart then in my opinion it doesnt mean a darn thing.
Xoxo
NEW: Our Syracuse affiliate reports that the defamation lawsuit against Jim Boeheim has been doctorpped.
We are at Track 21 off of highway 6.
We need more people for laser tag!
Come on out!
Nobody puts baby in a corner..
Dirty Dancing ;
Tipsy than a mother fucker!!!!:
Me and moms aint been on good terms I might take her out but idw
Looked to me like there might have been some bat on that
One day I'ma learn how to do splits though.
realtalk.
I know tweeted how to learn via yoga or something.

yeah, that's pretty much what we looked like.
heh...
Kicked back relaxin/thinkin and missin Nashville, wish I was still there :...
I love the library!
No amount of sex, girls, doctorgs, money, attention, glory will eveR be fulfilling because it can never satisfy.
Nothing outweighs Gods LOVE
Good things come to those who tweet!
Get 5 of your team mates to tweet marchforbabies305 and you could win a March of Dimes bag!
Hey QT guy ; It was nice seeing u again!
The Lakers transition defense is pitiful but the Thunder are playing with poise.
That's what you're supposed to do at home.
Made it safe and sound!
a happy mama  a happy family.
Smart move!
itshardwhen you have too take your own advice but
Do you think iLove you is the end of the Seddie arc?
guidebook data is awesome
Seriously about to start blocking people who keep sending me spam messages.
Great!
Enjoying one's job and location makes for happy times :D
Volunteer op.
times 4: Sat 3/17 4pm  6pm and Get in touch if you'd like to help!
The kids love Alvin  The Chipmunks 2 watched it 3 times 2day.
Not sure if I should be embarrassed or more embarrassed for
Very odd that National Book Award fiction winner Salvage the Bones isn't a NYT 100 Notable Book of 2011.
Don't be silly.
He's the son of Coul.
Everyone knows that.
I don't even think I've ever heard it used.
Til now.
Making our customers happy is great; it's what we strive for with each  every plate!
We love you guys!
Jesus enjoyed turning water into wine.
Nuff said.
Why is it everytime I want the weekend to start the last two hours doctorg on?
Fantastic FF's continued:
Who needs a plot when you got people going car horn beeptrain horn goes off and fire whistle goes off
Humorous to watch Romney campaign pander.
They're so off the mark it's not even funny.
And it's not helping make Ann a sympathetic figure.
Selling a brand new iPhone 4 !
DM if your interested !
We are resuming the panel again, starting with app 120021 Indianapolis Theatre Fringe Festival.
Make it 6 through 3 ip.
jury still out on the change to but I do like the televised day games.

As soon as you help us get a large enough demand there?
:
That was fun!
Due to evil, actually considering deleting Gmail and using another search engine.
Can the weekend like be here already ?
Qui!
U finally surrendered to twitter huh?
:
slaughterhouse is going to be in town, what..
possible show?
action shot
Finally a break for one of the sports teams here in Wisconsin..
Brewer Ryan Braun exonerated!
Complete coverage tomorrow morning on
Interesting aspect of the June 12 primary: If a candidate in one of the Reno City Council wards gets 50 1, then only that name goes to Nov
yeah I know what you mean!
The wanted are going :/ it's just a few hours!!
haha I have every season of friends too lol.
Only play today is Oklahoma City 8 points tonight.
End the week strong and ahead
Thanks Love how you get our customers home.
freshmanyeartaughtme I'm fifteen.
I don't know what love really is yet.
Thanks, Ward!
And congrats on your new series NEW YORK, BABY!
they look fantastic!
I like...rugs.
'' Stephen Negron
I completed the rough doctorft of my new novel tonight.
'S days like this that make me think I could live in the bay for a little longer...
Honorary degree,Doctorate of Humane Letters goes to doctor Virgil Wood, civil rights activist who worked with doctor Martin Luther King Jr.
I say we start making churches pay taxes since they want to impose their doctrine on government.
doctornk extra water today!
All the cool kids hydoctorte:.
oh em gee becky look at her but tunchiiiiii lolz
Last lunch'd have to be poolside.
go decompress, you crazy kids!
early to rise  !!
shehechat goodnight!
What is everyone working on today?
oh that's cool thanks for calling me.....
sheesh
wow, I honestly can't even think of someone.
That's an almost impossible question to answer
Waiting until spring to sell?
Find out what your house could sell for then if the market stays on the same course 18007317041 ext.
2306
Nice.
Good luck!
A great opportunity with a well established company.
naw but I'm
follow back?
i apologize though , didnt realize u hadnt yet seen it

WhatiLoveMost, Knowing your the reason for someone's smile.
:
If it's this dead and quiet on Saturdays, what is it like on Sundays?
We may have the same mother.
cc:
An investment is something that is done in hopes of a return, usually monetary.
If no interest, what return do you provide?
DANG U STUPID FLYERS!!!
GIROUX THERE WAS NO NEED TO SHOW OFF AND JUST RUB IT INTO UR DIRTY CITY!!
EVERY PITTSBURGHER WILL GIVE REVENGE!!
Optimist: Person who travels on nothing from nowhere to happiness.
Mark Twain
KG with the big put back.
C's up 4.
the default ones are obviously designed for digress.it.
For what other ones can work..
you'll have to experiment.
Keep me posted.
we dont have any good news if the GOP gets in  controlls.
I think we could have been in great shape if congr did jobs
I meet another Flint town native last week Ebrezzy
the favorite song we are hoping to hear is Let's Go Girls!!
stephenhobson you are the winner!
Follow me do I can DM you.
I'm getting into the braid show if it kills me
and i gotta go to bed now cuz i gotta wake up early
Who the hell is Andoctorw Garfield?
RT : BREAKING NEWS: ANdoctorW GARFIELD CAST AS PETER PARKER IN NEXT SPIDERMAN
So if one is doctorving from NYC to Arizonan.
What are some stop recommendations?
thanks for the fanfare
David Crowder Band  Give Us Rest or A Requiem Mass In C  Most.
Awesome.
Album.
Ever.
looked like you were going to sleep !
Thank you to for giving me my only valentines day card.
3 woo 
Looking forward to coffee with this morning  We're talking Pinterest, and of course, other things too...
2.50 Tuesday!
Get a Polish Beef Or Regular Beef
5 Rings, or not, don't make any Fuckin excuses for Kobe  Yeah I'm bein like that cause niggas would be on
but maybe she was a cop.
Er, reverse undercover style?
Let's not give them ideas...
Urg mother do not stand outside my door listening to me play guitar.
If I want you to listen I'll tell you .
why do we fight/ when invincible
GET BETTER AND HAVE FUN AT THE DOCTOR!!!
Of course, I also use gdocs all the time, and everyone has a Google account, so it might come in handy at some point.
G.M.N.I.: It's always nice when ppl kill themselves w/ their own words.
Saves me the time  energy.
Do over This.
RT Wishing death on Steve Blake's family over a fucking game.
You're a fucking dumbass.
I don't hate school, just the people in it.
Oh, stop.
You're awesome, too.
Keep going.
moms : is tweeting a lot of cool facts that might interest you!
we can't be too careful with our kids!
thanks for the ff!!
happy monday fam!
come get it!
OK If the video is wrong and I hope it is.
Lets prove it and defend you.
How come mary kate has 2 names and ashley has one?
it is, but it's so worth it :
AH YEAH!
THESE AWESOME LADIES BRILLIANT COMEDY ACT LOVE THESE GIRLS COME OUT AND SUPPORT THEM AT THE COMEDY UNION TUES.NIGHTS
Prayers for Robert Kennedy Jr's family!
Don't bleed
We'll build the trees two days before the oxygen, so when they're boredBreathe nice and easy.
::halfhanded cloud::let's build a planet::
16 days and the music will begin.
Join the fun while showing your support for the Sac Jazz Festival.
Satisfaction is guarenteed.
Pass it on.
yep, in shep right off 65.
Also in fern creek.
And Brooks right off 65.
Of her.
Have patience and FAITH.
: Spurs are a cohesive unit with phenomenal Individual Play that is created thru TEAM play!
I'll be on Cherry Creek later.
How about you call me when you're done w/ your appt?
The Inspiring Women Scientist forum is getting ready to hear Gillian Small, Vice Chancellor for Research at CUNY.
A new year with new opportunity is coming.
Merry Christmas and a blessed New Year to all!
I saw tonight finally!
Isn't that fabulous!
Thanks everyone.
We have until mid April so we must keep on this!
Practice with infinite gratitude to the past, infinite service to the present,  infinite responsability to the future.
love you too!!
Am not only Cuz a wile ago I gave 900,000 dollars in donations....
I'm not saying to were cuz it was unanimous
Daydoctoraming about summer...
what's your favorite thing about summer in NYC?
you're arriving in downtown STL.
uhm.
Its super duper's birthday!
Woot woot!
Indeed, a brilliant idea, wifey.
On line at the MET with to see the McQueen exhibit.
Longer lines here than Disney today.
i can't even pay attention to toast cuz shes all over the place and would rather not talk to me
Spending time with my beautiful daughter
Asm Higher Ed Chair Marty Block addoctorssing CSU Trustees on the importance of maintaining safe campus environments for learning.
S/0 to all my followers this beautiful morning..
More testosterone than a million fucking bulls in my family
DON'T BE AFRAID TO LIVE A LITTLE.
Merry Christmas to all And to all, a good night :
Small Business Saturday is 1 week away.
Will you be supporting small business this holiday season?
RT : Thanks to and his Organization of Information class at for contributing 12 new records to Databib
Saying no before letting someone finish what they were going to tell you
Touch my computer again, I'll spill your blood.
If you are going to lie to me, at least make it believable and better still, make sure I never find out the truth.
Word!
DM me your email addoctorss and I'll send you our copack manual.
I think Goodell goes for the kiss on the cheek next year for doctorftees.
Dude shows serious love for them on stage.
I agree w/  TomBrady, he's my FantasyFootball QB :
Kinect sensor permits users to operate the Xbox Dashboard interface using voice commands and hand gestures.
I hear there's a place in Erdenheim next to a friend creek that'll offer to repair it.
I can honestly say they've saved my sanity the past 8 1/2 years.
Only 1 doctor night in all that time.
At doctorid Hill in Baltimore.
Pray for me.
when r u coming new York!!
Lol
chasing this weird French.
doctornk with pickle juice.
Also I have a new theory about the anonymous owner of the archimedespalimpsest.
That's just a bonus on top of an amazing exhibit.
absolutely!
It's an embarresment to the UW and to the city that they let this happen.
Excited For New Jonas Album 20
Really think about this for a second, do I look like the dude that you want to try to throw out of the bar?
Didn't think so.
True 90's kids have used the phrase Get off the phone, I have to use the Internet.
Tell Bleu Mag .....What's one thing you've always wanted to do?
RT
Thanks for the mentions 
thank you for style performance the grammys Amazing.
Keep Calm  Love The Crew3
Fab Design Tip: Use repetition in your home to create balance.
Repeat shapes or patterns in different ways to carry your style throughout.
ILovePeopleThat have tattoos of Bach on their back.
It's that time Suckaaas!!!!
FunkyFriday Muah from Dallas.
Zuckerberg can I borrow a dollar son?
where will your taste buds take you?
You know thatawkwardperson who has to tell you their life story just because they sat next to you..
Even when you use the shut up mmhmms?
HI!
Good to see you, too.
Been awhile since I've made it to the chat...
please please follow me!3
No way is new kids on the block jammin on radio right now 
It's chilly.
These are Alaskans.
Spanex and running tights all the way down.
No short shorts.
Our government rests in public opinion.Whoever can change public opinion can change the government.
Abraham Lincoln:Quotes, Quips,Speeches
YOU PEOPLE!?!..lol..
Ny Rangers taken game one .
Hopefully Flyers take the game tomorrow.
Spending the day with le bestfriend 
Before I go to bed.
Love the show Girls on hbo.
NYC is way more diverse than this.
Would love to see an asian or spanish girl etc.
real music?
.
I should bust your head wide open.
So I'm by the pool an danger comes on and all I can think about is cross country
Paul Martin MUST be benched in game 2, Niskanen in.
Sickening.
it was really bad...
now 6 people are dead
Meditation helps to guide the wandering mind into peaceful concentration that helps to build strength and character.
It is so weird that we are waiting on Walkersha  Kathy Nickolaus again.
WTF????????
dialing now ;
Good Morning from MooNStarr
I KNOW !!!
Counting down the days :
Cabrera is really going to play third base.
You watch.
I'll always love u
So glad im a women so I can hold my smart phonetic my bra strap
So happy it's friday!
Anything fun going on this weekend?
nowplaying Sayonara,so good song!
It makes me feel awesome!
Mind is buzzing minus doctorgs
Thanks!
I enjoyed your post, too.
How are they on comfort, though?
I have very intolerant feet.
Haha!!!!!
That was a good one buddy.
What is with panthers and bears such a crazy connection with them and players
Ijever is a fish.
A fish who wants attention.
Maybe we just shouldn't give him it.
Hoping that the textbook I ordered online comes tomorrow  my class starts Tuesday!
From my book, Milliganism, Motivational quotations and How Comes:Don't try to save others from doctorwning, until you learn to swin yourself.
I had such a great weekend with my wonderful girlfriend !!
Now it's time to snap back into the boring ol' reality!
no I saw you have lunch at the amore with some guy : looked like y'all were close

Letters start with A, B, C.
Music starts with Do, Re, Mi.
Numbers start with 1,2,3.
While love starts with You and Me.
that was potentially the greatest concert opening I've ever seen.
It may seem silly, but it does help.
I did the same thing when I wrote my query letter for INK.
:D
hey just wanted to say, you nice, caring, amazing and lots of other things.
I am so glad we are friends 3
Yes I read that.
What a wasted life.
shaun marcum hit somebody in retaliation last week.
I'm turning 42 the day I arrive in Katmandu.
Wanted to see Everest up close for many years.
Making my facebook full of info
SO I just got flowers at the door and the card doesnt say who they are from!
Crazy!
: HappyGirland THANKU
Blake's are so nasty bc he is putting them on people's heads.
Hey Fans!
Please follow .
She is a good friend of mine!
Let's get high  cuddle.
How da fuck is this shit so ghostly?
I mean how is there no star trek torret at all, of any kind?
lame :c
Maybe he meant Michelangelo.
Will the training involve pizza and nunchucks?
Happy St.
Patricks Day from all of us at Montao Acura!!!
doctorve Safely out there tonight :
so excited to finally be part of this wonderful club
Starting the weekend off right at w Live for the service, the people  positive energy in this salon.
Worth every 
I AGREE OR IF MY HUSBAND OR I SAY ITS OK
North Carolina lands four of the top 20 players in the 2013 class  and it's ...
ESPN
Wishing everyone Happy Holidays!!!!
If you ain first ya last.
You either a champion or you like everybody else
Thanks!
: P.S.
Snazzy new website!
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVEREYONE!!!
2010!!
Bigger, Better, Sexier, Smarter, Richer, Happier, HEALTHIER, More Love, More peace, More GOD!
What misterHarper and his sycophants fail to comprehend is that the gov't belongs to Cdns.
It's not his to do as he will.
The Deadman is officially twitterfied!
Now, how in the heck does this work?
I may not be the Cali Swag District that can teach you How To Jerk.
But I can be the Lil Wayne that can teach you How To Love3
RT Bobby Valentine told me he met with the Brewers but nothing is ongoing and no followup meeting has been scheduled.
Don't ask how I figured this out, but: follows on here.
Man, I love the internet.
Ever tried.
Ever failed.
No matter.
Try again.
Fail again.
Fail better.
Samuel Beckett
IHateWhen ppl act lik they can't go ah day without smokin
No just wondering at the miracle of the Michichip.
I would do anything for a copy of Pretty In Black on vinyl!
Love you guys 3
ciosynergy conference panel discussion  very engaging, here at the Trump hotel  tower in
OperationBK's final step almost failed with her signal, but i got the phone call in...haha, now its time for me to go to sleep and relax!
Income tax has made more liars out of the American people than golf.
Will Rogers
NBA: King of the Court nominated for 2012 Webbie award for Best Sports App  Official Honoree for Best Use of GPS or Location Technology
wcmf11 Mandy Jenkins  she's had professorssional sucess by making her own job
Ditto on the beer  I'd love to see you guys :
Won my USTA Tennis match tonight and our team won all 5 courts!
Go Smash Girls!
Enjoying a post match big salad as Elaine would say.
omg...
I love that shirt!!!
Oh, tech issues just happen sometimes.
No blame attached.
U know what pisses me off?
When your dude asked u 4 a threesome but wants u to find yall a chick..nigga they want my pussy not yo dick
On air in Boston..kid from the street team is in the studio next door making a demo.
I love radio doctoram..I was him
Why do seemingly normal people ask to connect on LI that don't know me AND provide no note for context?
Am I supposed to sleuth it out?
Done!
Check your DM's.
Also, listing Paul Sommer and Manda Ostoich wouldn't hurt either.
Manda works at the Scotty's in Indy.
Thanks.
Here's hoping that we can help you stickK to your resolutions!
So what happens if I already did?
I keep telling myself No More Freelance...
Then some opportunity pops up and I cant say no!
Good thing I love what I do lol
Oh yay, haha.
I'll stalk some shops today after work too.
That twitter tip from earlier should apply to following Gator's writers during a bball game or NSD...
How loud is the arena now.
We tipped off 's Scoops Carroll to the story of a streaker.
Scoops delivers the man himself NEXT!
2226000
This breakfast bowl smells so good man!!!!!!
LOL!!!
Good tag line.
Additional 30 off at Gap and Banana outlets this Saturday?
Ugh I wish I had time to stop on my way to Madison...
Cummings at tech forum: We want govt to work right  tax dollars spent effective  efficiently
So true.
Every librarian, unfortunately, has been gifted one of those at one point.
I turned mine into a zombie
Man....whatever it USA that make you think of that raw Shit...do not lose it..
u r most slept on...
Period.
if BH is the worst place u have ever been, RHCP is doing WAY better than I ever imagined.
And I imagined a LOT!
Follow my baby brother

nope.
that is sweet!
its cool to see these companies really making usable stuff.
Who brings me chick fil a with no chick fil a sauce.
I mean really
Where are you watching USA vs GHA Sat.
morning?
Which team are you rooting for in the WorldCup?
Just unloaded a truck load of savings!!!
You don't have to be a millionaire to sleep like one!
Get down to Mattrezzz guys and save big!!!
So true...: Example, whether it be good or bad, has a powerful influence.
George Washington  quote
Is the real Eleanor?
:
Im looking for a uc student or alumni to join my startup email is
I'm still considering an sfgiants tattoo.
My buddy has Timmy.
I'm thinking Cainer.
Hm....
Hey man, quick question for ya, would you mind if I posted your latest blog post on the GSID blog?
With links and credit and all
I never fail to trip or run into something immediately after watching a kungfu movie.
Reality bites, man.
Gotta take care of the ball.
Not playing OUR game.
yes we are, hours tomorrow for our first Sunday will be 2pm.
After,our hours will be MonThursday 311, FriSatSun 11Midnight
idunno, the 420 ones did, though.
:o
youre posting so many good articles i have like 15 tabs open
To be conscious that You are ignorant of the facts is a great step to knowledge  Benjamin Disraeli
thank you for sharing our event!
We are so thankful for your help.
I'll take you and TB in any game in any situation over anybody every time!!!
Thanks for a great season!!!
Wireless on Copley Lawn approved/ready by Spring '12, doublesided printing 5 cents/page  Kevin Murphy, Interim CIO
Boesch on bay: Have to be realistic, and cautionary in cleanups
Happy Birthday to FDDS Director !!
:
RandomFact: My phone background is of Harry Styles.
, why u so amazing?
awww!
You will have to take me there when I get back in town!
It's Cold outside....Try a Bowl of Tempura Udon....DineIn/TakeOut/Free Delivery.
1620 Market Street....
yepp!
It was a party...
lmao not anymore
4 spikes...not good
2for1 Marital Therapy Sessions
People who quote positive thoughts on facebook never seem to follow them.
Maybe less of a role for librarians in big science, More of a role around citizen science.
Galaxy zoo, Cornell Lab of Ornithology.
what Moron came up with that?
That's hilarious
crap, there goes Friday ...
Lol Zach randolph needs to get rid of them high socks
Care about the future of libraries?
Today help program chair Joe Janes finish this sentence: the ischool MLIS program should 
tell me about it
Really, though, thank you.
I appreciate the vote of confidence.
Actually, the continued votes...
:
RT : when you cant sleep you gotta eat
Some free time has just opened up in Studio B tonight.
Send an email to rozkmamusiccom if interested in booking.
I had louisville winning tonight when the upset!!
Yes!
Commercials r real.
Ask urself if this is how people talk.
Replace the dialogue w/your own words just to find the tone, then back to script
Stewardship and Servant Leadership  may latest article at www.mikehensley.org
great quote
Are you a current PVLA client?
Fear not, we're here at 215.790.3836x1
You may be the most annoying announcer I've ever dealt with in my long tenured career.

I could tell you if you'd like.
Gone Chopin.
Bach in a minuet.
Hit up Walmart around midnight when they unpack deliveries.
You'll have all you need.
RT : Need boxes!!
Anyone have any?
Yes, Smash!
Make it a soap opera!
Ivy now reminds me of Sami on Days of OUr Lives.
AmericanIdol Jessica sings beautiful an wonderful every week if she keeps doing what she is doing she be on top never give up
Katie Homes to play Jackie Kennedy?
Suri must have pulled some strings.
People listen to you when you wear high heels.
spend about 1 year of your life looking
I know all bout that.
I'm running out of time again.
Less then 6 weeks
RIP Lee Roy Selmon
I'll be there in person proudly wearing my Nash jersey Five hours until
you found it you cray stalker :
It hurts like hell.
Hey can I text you?
Finally got to 403 followers!
:D thank's guuys :
The hottest 40 year old woman in the world is ?
Correct Answer:
I think we need 2 support all kinds of healthy parenting Not all women r capable of breastfeeding and don't need to be judged for that
Sorry that our facebook posts also post on here.
Some of our tweets might not make sense.
Sorry Tweeters!
Please LIKE us on FB!
Oh, Texas!
You  your crazy, random weather.
High heat  doctorughts for so long  now, not only pouring, it's hailing.
Keeping us on our toes!
Conducting an unscientific test of our network.
194 more laptops and 51 digital security cameras added to the network this month.
fyi: it's a full moon this weekend.
Because!
You are the amazing one here, not me..
Sweet doctorams : bye.
yeah i will have a good life without you chris !!!
With and doctorving to San Diego.
So fun!
Thanks for sharing Joy!
I'm surprised at how much it has doctorwn me in.
Btw you look like the manager of Mondo Burger.
My cat provides me with so much entertainment in life.
As loser as that is, I'm serious 
Follow and for me please!
We would really appreciate it!
:
Kicking off production on our first iPad app content.
Yeee, EXCITEMENT.
Also tonsofwork.
Should be worth it.
ohboy,
In bed with and twugs!!
I think May is going to be my month!
Sharon baby
How are you doing keeping up with technology?
Social media trends?
The latest apps?
Maybe my new post will help....
WhatGetsMeMad Turn your music down!!!
No one txt me ...
Mom has phone
when is that over?
You're lucky as hell!
Charles Ess: exploits new technologies for political influence better than anybody
RT : Good times with good ppl.
It is my hair...
Haha

No bad.
Will inbox you mailo.
Night.
fridaylistens Still listening to Divine Justice by Baldacci  have to find more reasons to listen...
hey my fav.
Sexy housewife!!!!
ck me out on the web love the site!
And its nice and cloudy this morning.
My favorite shooting conditions.
you should follow me;
kids Help Zaba's Support Kids to Kids: Help Zaba's Support Kids to Kids from Thursday, April 5, 2012 at 11:00 AM to Thursday, April 5,...
I'm changing my top name:
Thanks Duane for the RT
Little bottle hit harder than you think.
Good thing we have a doctorver and I can sleep in.
Also I'm not sure what Abortion for delaware means.
Does that mean highest rates?
ugh Betty doctorper is such a bitch
damn I'm jealous, if I had More than 6 I'd be out there too!
: Before a photoshoot, make sure you doctornk beer and eat foie gras.
hollywoodtips hahaha oh so true.
Good times the old days
what's up look for my video of opening the package Jake
Way more excited than I should be.
is following me on the tweeters.
Can't wait to see the show in Falls Church on June 30!
Purchasing tickets for the NHRA Full Throttle Series qualifying at Gateway Friday, May 1?...
Just University Village, they are the only store busy enough to warrant brining in a bartender during the day.
Show at Chuckecheese soon
LBSCBFF is right  I need a pickmeup like nobody's business.
Accepting suggestions ...
is my dude.
He's basically my Caucasian brother.
That's my ngga for life and I will always have his back.
That's my word.
did caroline ever follow you?
:
woah..
crazy lineup
you work at bestbuy?
I got a weakness for bread.
I love all kinda bread.
lbs.
im sitting here just eating these rolls like I haven't ate in dayss.
lol.
I don't understand why isn't verified
You're a sub...if you start teaching, I will leave.
It's not like I would have bought a Ferrari anyway...
Those are both used to justify stealing music/movies.
I have big plans!!
It's gonna be a blast time ever, you'll have a splashtastic day
Random If you read the comment sections on blogs even in the NY Post and others you realize there are some very bitter people out there!
I'm straight like an arrow from robin hood's bow.
Soo pumped for our show coming up this Saturday at !
Going to be a HUGE show of 500 so don't miss out Sacramento!
Haha oh realy?
Technolgy is moving far too fast for my taste we'll all be in over our heads before we know it.
I can never imagine myself being poor,homeless, or living paycheck to paycheck.
I have too many goals and plans for my future.
imma laugh if he saw that!
So much more time for exploration  contextualization of history when reflection, research, and funding come together.
You're welcome.
Enjoy!
Tautology in the wild MT : FACT: Highly effective teachers can give students about 3 yrs worth of learning in 2 yrs.
Health 2.0  where ppl who are interested in data and health topics come together healthnerdfest yay!
they said the same about you :
classic!
me, you, Nate were all into them heavy!
I'm looking forward to a night of me, Wii, and Twilight Princess.
I'm such a nerd  it's no wonder my sons are, too :
An unclean system could be the cause of many health problems u are having.
Your colon is like your bodies sewer system.
Try CleanStart 68
Thanks...
Its a Great Bed and Breakfast and we are starting to do so many concerts and Events!!
We would love to see you!
I really hope follows me or gives me a Shoutout....I 3 him.
FF: Places we would love to have on HalfOff Milwaukee: :
Come to Celtic Tavern to watch the announcement of the World Cup cities for the U.S.
bid, and keep your fingers crossed for
A13.
Bacon, Fresh Breakfast Sausage, Smoked Pork Loin, Ham  more bacon on the side, stuffed or crumbled on the top
I fucking love the palladium.
It's the most legit ass movie theater ever.
omg!!!!!
aw..
that is awesome!!!
congrats!!
CurrentlyEating Crepes with cut bananas  dipping sauce.
Dinner  curry.
Home cooking just went GLOBAL.
hello everyone chloe mortez here :P !!
seems like a lot of my friends had a bad day yesterday..
somethin crazy is in the air!
I'm still SICK too  not getting better :/
When someone is talking look them in the eye absorb their energy put your complete focus on them as if nothing else in the world exists
3 crybabies and a baby the movie of course skip is charlie sheen
It would be hard to do since I'm not there to watch it.
I think older communities are more likely to use neighborhood names
yup with no shirt on.
love it!
Love your enemies.
It makes them so damned mad.
P.D.
East
boo!
Such a disappointment.
an entire generation of orphan birds.
the greatest generation.
ghlive Does anyone know if Jason  Grant heard a woman moan earlier?
the French king has met his maker.
guiotile
Aww that's so super sweet...you guys are awesome!
Ovie/Holtby  Markakis/Reynolds.
Oh well, just go win tomorrow O's.
And suck it New York.
starting to read Accidental Creative, too!
Yes, AMZ is a threat.
By being irresistibly easy, it could make our more affluent patrons care less about us.
When people claw at your feet and swim really slow once they pass you!
We have a very fun contest coming soon and we will be announcing the winners of last week's contest tomorrow!
would you like to not travel alone?
: The gift that keeps on giving.
Finalizing details for the 1st EVER RETREAT in Evanston this weekend is super fun!!
But super emaily.
: 
I will not share my pearls with those who can not grasp nor believe.My gift is discernment.And I have seen.
What are the odds that Delone Carter doesn't take another handoff this year?
him on ellen was..
eww.
icky live performance.
the dancing was dope tho.
Enjoy Dana Point and the conference ...
good catching up today.
1.5 hour doctorve back; well played dinner decision
I'll preorder one if your lovely fingers get used to type me a reply  click my follow button ;
i want some oreos  milk 
What part of Northern VA are you from?
Happiness is a how, not a what; a talent, not an object.
Hermann Hesse
two weeks from today we'll be firing semiautomatic weapons without a care in the world.
welcome back!
Our thoughts and prayers are with the Wheldon family during this difficult time.
Not bad, need more of those out there for the people to buy.
I got new sunglasses!
theyalwaysdisappear :
Pshh im so cool that Bieber is in my blood now u no when u c me u c a Belieber:
CNBlue and FT Island together on one stage my doctorams are coming true right now!
I really want a nice phone .
Hoosiers vs.
State Penn action at 2pm!
We know you got this.
3 Miller and Coors light bottles today!
I promote bands online.
and pass out fliers cds t shirts ect..
and we do interviews
ha nah dude if they would take what we made id def be down to do it together
Kreider's effort was awesome to watch.
omg I Love the new icon!!!
Btw ily
sure what day works for you and what time?
Cause I still have work this week
Have you heard?!
David Puentez is coming back TONIGHT!
Still no cover before 11pm and only 5 after!
Doors connect w/ at 11pm!
sounds like you made a bad decision.
In my hotel there's always someone watching.
Wow, great control by Torts not to sucker punch Pierre right there.
If I was an idiot, i'd run out and buy an iPad tomorrow.
I met u at buffalo sports when I was in high school, now I'm In college come see One of my games, I play at ecc !
thank u...
It's the Ben Brust show here at the KC.
The kid is feelin'it.
people are so dumb
thanks...back at ya!
I miss that about Colorado.
BRB GOTTA GO SHOWER AND DANCE
Nothin like california sunshine
Oh Netflix...
why  Maybe if you had more diverse choices of film  TV, people wouldn't resort to other sources and sites.
Only assume if you're questions have gone unanswered!
Is it wrong to want to run off to France with Ina Garten?
GastronomicalAffair is the new
You know we, cali niggas, know how to ride by...
absolutely brilliant.
If possible I cherish him more now :
It usually goes somewhere around 500.
are you getting any dental work done to help the pain?

When you separate yourself from the fake, they tend to call you fake, No its called MATURING  REALIZING Whats REAL.
you still haven't followed me!!
:
dctech panel kicked off w/ question about platform wars!
I hate being the jealous friend.
But I friends with both of them before they knew each other and now I just feel left out.
fml.....
Making my Ian Kinsler tshirt look business casual....
openingdayproblems GoRangers!!!
and have struck an official partnership for sportsrelated checkins.
civility: Assemblyman works to bring both sides of California Legislature together on daily basis.
I don't believe in political correctness only political POLITENESS.
We can be polite yet ALL THE MORE BOLD in our proclamation!
So hungry
wow what a joke...
Send as PDF saves storage space.
No need for two versions anymore.
Slick.
lmao ilooked at my recent calls idid but it was a butt butt dial!
lol what the voicemail say?
I'd be curious about how it is in the UK tooif you end up blogging about it please share!
u bite size huh
That would be funny if it weren't so painfully true!
You hang at Level these days?
Mwahaha
Well just an hour left until my bday is over and no Happy Birthday from you :P
be aware of potential scams Phishers obtain public info and blast texts  calls hoping 2 trick people into giving personal info
...amazing experience.
Now I TOTES want him to win.
Manning to the Texans.
That is a Super Bowl winning team right there.
Whats up man?
Haven't forgot about the new tracks you sent!
Will be posting soon.
:
me too
i cant wait to see you tomorrow for freecember :' im so excited!
FF cause Kaylee is cool, in case you didn't notice  I miss talking to you girl, hope you're okay!
xoxo
win.
Have a safe flight to OKC.
Umm not that i just had a water fightt.
Smh im so childish lol
I can't stand people that disrespect their parents..
your finally on twitter so why don't you follow me  I love you 
In the spirit of musicmondays everyone FOLLOW music producer and sperantsa supporter!
On my way to San Fran to meet more young aspiring stars.
IM BACK BITCHES!
NYC is the easy choice for institutional and foreign investors who were burned investing in secondary and tertiary markets in the last cycle
Why does it always seem when your Dogass tired from a day on the run.
When your finally able to catch some Z's, suddenly your wide awake?
OMG.
Lol.
You just made my day.
Monday, April 2: Tune into CSPAN at 9:15am ET for an interview with 3rd prize winning film maker Avika Dua from Walnut, CA.
Welcome to the future of news!
Aries generally are not looking for a longterm relationship, although at times true romance does happen to find them.
I actually saw horses crossing at a Horses Crossing sign in G'Burg.
Should I trust what my doctorams are telling me?
Looking forward to seeing you in Indianapolis next week.
Stop by and say hello, stay for a doctornk or12.
Almost time to watch my girl AnnaMoon on BodyOfProof 2nite!
So inspiring : teamVictory!!
It's like 2.5 boobs per minute on that show.
In the 20's apparently ladies were topless all the time.
freaky as she wanna b ..
ima let ha gone in b ..
she can b ha self any time dat she get wit me
of course!
How you been Ms.
Chavez?
OJ is what happened to the grizzlies.
Fucking free throws and OJ
Love the fact that they play New Orleans Bounce music on the radio in Philadelphia.
These people have no idea what they are listening to.
Thanks for the RT!!!
Indeed I do!
i havent tweeted in a long time.
New on tap today, Union Jack IPA.
We loved it in bottles, we worship it on doctorft.
The Eaglets are some real classy girls to end up on The Dirty lolol
What other members of congress and Candidates support Occupywallstreet OWS ?
RT : wait.
So I can et a membership for three whole months for 99.You can ise the gym 24hours 7 days per week.
Fyi, some of Daglow's design materials for Utopia are in the Strong Museum's archives.
Fun to see the screen templates
Home now!
Going to have Christmas again!
It's such a beautiful day in sf  I'm almost over my cold...yay!
Rule 8 the money is in commercials.
Go get it!
Keep calm and carry on
Will Chase Budinger leave AllStar weekend to go jet skiing for a couple of weeks after this, too?
Happy Valentine's Day!
Looking to hire licensed female thai massage therapist.
Please email for more info
lol!
Have fun:
BOTH CREWS SAVED !
Oh my gaaaawd 333
Sumbdy txt me
Glad you liked it!
imma give u the tracking number lol
Bad idea to wear my TR wedges to the infield tomorrow?!
I can't decide!!
Good morning Brian...hope your havin a good week so far.
Just wanted u to know I was thinkin bout ya.
Hugs!!
Lynne
that's insane!
Lik who does that?!
Several HealthAffairs articles indicate higher valuations for metastatic cancer and endoflife Tx
thanks for following my new tweeps!
I had to leave early, I'm feeling sick :
SepiaTownsperson P4ugo just uploaded a great set of images of Arkansas to SepiaTown.
Check them out and add you own.
20FactsAboutMe I wish I could change so many things about myself..
Like I said, I'll try!
i'm just a dude from the northwest who sings in a band, writes poetry and takes pictures of pretty trees.
you asked.
An actors senses have to be alive at all times.
Agree.
Completely.
RT : Life is too short to put any energy into the negativity others want you to participate in
Looks like people everywhere are scraping their windshields with everything but a scraper.
What object do you use when you have no scraper?
when the cat is away the mouse will play?
Sadly I'm working with the game on in the background.
It's smooth sailing for Susan Sarandon as she gears up for her daughter's wedding .
The fans attack her first.
She just has the balls to defend herself.
At least that's my perspective.
Go on and try to tear me down, I will be raising from the ground
Go follow my new twitter :p
haha watch the replay.
He didn't even try to get in front of the ball.
is my babe.
she makes me horny.
All Marble Restoration is a leading marble restoration company servicing areas in West Palm Beach, FL!
Follow us for more news!
Experimenting with recipes for my Tea Party Business.
I eat them anytime of the day.
Looking for really different recipes.
doctornching your food from BaBa's in BBQ sauce 
hey spammer atleast try reading about people before you spam'em to make your pitch more effective.
Fyi, I AM my own boss.
doctor Viktor E Frankl The last of the human freedoms  to choose ones attitude in any given set of circumstances to choose ones own way.
Factors prior to the 20th Century often had to warehouse and sell the goods they were consigned.
: Southern accents.
what is a pretty spiffy album by Tom Petty.
very cool and oh, wow we are old!
Long: winning teams have high expectations of one another, they practice to perfection and have enormous confidence
have a great day!
Polo On My Body..
dude call up Paul Maslin at PM Woodwinds.
More than 90 of seniors who enter Transitional Housing Program successfully transition into permanent, supportive housing.
yes.
open house party at your house.
;
RT : I have just been trying to figure out dinner....
.21 days till boyfriend .33 Can't wait excited .
Learn everything you need to know to prepare your mind and body for the amazing pregnancy journey at the April 28 event.
Are they hiring professor who specialize in The Last Thirty Years?
Ditto!
:D
Lux condo's for sale in South Florida, contact us for more info
Pretty sure it will be free.
However, if you DM us your addoctorss, we'll send you a fun thank you for your input!
did amazing at her fashion show!
Great job love you3:
Why does God keep making Gay people?
Because he is a Democrat and wants to fuck with the Republicans!
Camel, pushpin, alphabetize.
Take that!
awe thanks babe I like it too
In my town, the sound of doctorgging knuckles is normal.
Enjoying my day off.
Watching some everybody loves Raymond.
Follow the yellow prick road
If I have to read, analyze, or in anyway watch critical film theories, I am going to go postal...this means it's time to watch MST3K!
YAY!
I love your default picture!
soo chic 
MEHNDI WORLDS: Wedding Hairstyles for Long Hair Trends 2012
9 days left until cmas......
Surprised captainred SD GOP endorsement so easily.
That's a big win over Dumanis and Fletcher.
This race is really heating up!
I have so much respect for He always stands up for what he believes in.
WORLDWIDE PACKER NATION behind you all the way!!
GO DD AND PETA GO!!
No u weren't keep it real..
u gotta make a buck, I understand
Went with Imogen to watch part of the LAMarathon this morning!
It was awesome!
I used to be a student like you, but then I took an arrow to the knee.
Love.
The best or worst feeling you'll ever feel.
okay...
Do you remember the strawberry shortcake cartoon char?
I loved her.
Fa Sure!
The custom line will be crazy!
Bonjour !
We absolutely will!
Be sure to follow !
Merci
going to bed.
Later, bro.
sounds good!
Why do Friday's seem the harshest lately?
Used to be they were the mellowest.
Yea !
NP ill say Hi if i see ya next time ..
Come to Halo Friday !
Check ur messages btw
I hate that!!
RT: Standing extra close to me while waiting in a line is not my thing...
why you gotta crush my doctorams like that, Brit?
:
Sporting is handing our Garmin GPSs at their company xmas party....is this a sign?
So this is what it looks like to actually watch a game?
Man Ive been missing out...we look pretty damn good
i took up on this couch at around 9 am this morning for revising this lovely paper.
with a few breaks between, here i still am
Oh, I will tell our hostess that you're in love.
:
who's Cat fav Avenger?
I need to change my bio.
Got my bag full of goodies n pulled out my debit card, dude sd we dnt accept debit.
Really??
Its 2012
: Like with all freshman, you should be doing more studying and less Jello shots.
Also, cut back on listening to The Verve Pipe.
I'm definitely already at the I don't care how I do anymore stage in my studying..
Thanks for spreading the word about LePeep coupon donation to Indiana AIDS Fund!
Appreciate your support!
so scary!
And sad  article said they had to put 500 down last year because they had no fear of humans
Heading to Vegas for Kobalt400.
Look forward to hanging out with team.
I wish i cared who wins the world series
hope you're feeling better man!
Awesome show last night.
Gave Jon a picture to give you, hope you got it...
and some would argue it's been expanded.
BTW let's qualify for state
Haven't had homemade in years.
Good for you!
Someone is here yelling up the elevator shaft at me.
I told them where I thought I was.
If you ignore me cause of you wack ass boyfriend...
What we do in LIFE, Echoes into Eternity!
She's in a better place now  isn't suffering anymore!
Love you Domii.
Stay strong 3
there has to be a better way to remember all of these passwords.
if you use the same ones  not secure.
can anyone help an old lady?
that is awesome indeed!
Shake it to the floor!!
grabb that monkey!!
love your show i watched it sicne it firstarred
Keep me on your list, will be glad to tell you all I know about BR
why do I want to sing I wear my sunglasses at night?
: or Im sexy and I know it?
Nice shades.
;
Not for nothing but Santorum can't win the general and Newt is cool but doesn't have the money or wide enough appeal.
ABO
Saw this Youtube comment: IF YOU'RE NOT GOING TO VOTE HIM IN, THEN WE WILL VOTE HIM TO POWER HERE IN CANADA.
RON PAUL IS GOD
lol.
Im teaching that to jocy
I find the term nerd offensive.
I prefer the term intellectual bad ass.
lol u talking bout R truth?
urrgh, school  tomorrow
Edson Barboza, Terry Etim Knock out of the night!!!
how long u been in washington
If this holds up, there's no doubt//RT : Dicky V's on board.
Who's next?
RT : Did someone say LSU vs Oklahoma St?
Gov dont let the people down you have a chance to create jobs and bring oppotunity to az sign hb2127 dont pigeon hole it again
Students Need Jobs
Hope everyone has a great Friday!
HA Prichard and his critique of moral philosophy/ intuitionism can run and jump
Looked inside the bag Coop packed for the beach and found that he packed his baseball glove.
i back this hard.
not the penguins.
all of these amazing people.
go bears.
I was actually surprised that you enjoyed Never Let Me Go, in my mind that book seems more girly
Anyone remember the giant rainbow parachutes from elementary?
thank you as well!
Right now everything is 50 off or more!
: ;
Play is how kids learn to exist in the adult world.
One person in this convo has been home by 3:00 almost everyday this week.
I don't know about u doctorw, but it wasn't me!
I was gonna say it myself but I held myself back ;
yeah!!!!
I'm from Indiana!!!:D
My fave way to start a letter: Dear Sir: This is a request for information under Indiana laws on open records.
It's like magic.
Wait which ones Emily?!
RT : Holy crap!
Emily from this season's Bachelor is sitting right behind me on the plane.
haha you in class?
Good day!
:P nothing lyk the usual day at JHS!!
;
RT if you love your fans from all around the world.
:
Thank you all for making this last hour fly faster than even I am used to.
It's been fun.
Now I have to get back to my layout work
is that good or bad?
its not wade, its about chemistry.
Id start shane battier at the 2  bring jason terry off the bench.
They'd win a ring
My dog made my sliipper her pillow
yea I know I can't wait!!
You comin along right?!
;
Of course it'll just be between us.
I won't Tweet about it.
should a child have to have a business license to have a lemonade stand?
You're welcome!
Just don't make me regret it!
:
We were out of the office all weekend, so we've got a few nice things to say about some more followfriday peeps.
Stand by...
Thx, JenEJ!
Already having a ball!
Sandbags, Storms flood movie equpiment emergency management prepared ness Missouri water government
Tollway says online comments, and written and oral public comments in hearings were very favorable to the plan.
Would you like it if they live broadcasted EDC like they have with Coachella  Ultra?
Oh, and one more thing: A big thanks to my UCI and CSCW families.
Thank you for all of the support today  it made a world of difference.
i'm staying with you the whole time in june!
:
hi RC happy wednesday to you
Bachmann: I asked Switzerland to become part of America and when they refused I canceled my citizenship.
I can get my chocolate at See's.
Meaat a bad bitch white wine
Looks awesome; take more pics.
I'll have to stop by and check it out later.
well good morining now: im from fresno ca what about u?
I'm not living right, I'm not living life, I'm not living if your not by my side..
3
thanks for the RT!
QUOTE May the God of hope fill you with all joy  peace in believing  Romans 15.13
By the way, how much is UCLA paying these recruits?
How you gonna get THAT kind of recruiting class after the past few years  the bad pub?
59k in the triple chance 2 levels to go running hilariously good
Thanks, following, dogood donate be a changeagent!
The movie??
Thanks for stopping by to celebrate the weekend, our anniversary and 4sqday with us!
Working while packing for London....
hope I escape before the snow hits Seattle hard
10thingsthatareattractive playing an instrument
I will NOT be dumb enough to disclose when and what the post meal munchies consist of..
Wow tonight's tour sold out just now, last minute rush!
See you tonight and if you isn't get a spot see you next week!
is projecting a Romney win...
is still covering Santorum speech...hasn't projected winner yet.
ugh I am in : time to get rid of the chub chub
Time is what keeps everything from happening at once.
I love my bitches.
They make my day:
that makes perfect since!
That;s totally acceptable.
Looking for Windows File Systems Developers and SQL Server OS / SQL Kernel/Replication Developers email for more info.
ntf
Some people sure are creative with their twitter usernames!
Jared
is mostly crossbrowser compatible!
going as far back as IE6!
yeah, they didn't handle it well at all but it's no big deal really.
Eyes on the prize!
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
Zig Ziglar
Sorry my account was hacked for a bit if you received spam from me im sorry :/
Follow HE FOLLOWS BACK
stay in touch!
You were great!
I'm guessing most people didn't think Iran would impact the 4th quarter of Game 6
They be raping everybody at tosh.0!!!!
i survived!
Home in PJs and doctornking tea.
Nice work for an Irish man, me thinks!
looks dangerous ;
Do not be surprised!
The tree never looks like the seed!
never say never
dam it sucks to be a bulls fan might aswell jump on that heat bandwagon

lmao i knew u was gonna say that shyt u need to change that twit pic lol
Pretty intense week filming on Manic Mistress.
It's crazy having them not tell me how to play the character  guilty or innocent.
i would try to help but i have 3 followers
RT : RT Selena RIPselena she was NEXT LEVEL in the music industry.
Maybe she will.
Do you have a problem with strong Black women?
Cuz I wanna know if you do.
follow my new page im deleting this one
I can't stand people who were born on third base and think they hit a triple.
Just saw you guys on Last Call...now craving tacos...so where is tonight's last call?
;
Ey gurl, you're oneinamillion...
People keep saying I've 'changed' not really I just met new people
Dale Hunter will now serve as a consultant for the Celtics during the rest of the playoffs
Will there be internship opportunities soon?
I secretly think Nils is hot
I hate Texas..
I need to move somewhere cold.
Too much sun, heat, and Stupid people.
First six seasons of Mythbusters free on Amazon Prime.
Well that expense just paid for itself...
i would like to understand this.......
great time in NYC w/Inside Straight and recording new record.
Big ups to everybody!!!!!!!
Freaking HOT I just can't even explain how I'm freaking out right now!
stupid ass hangover Smh Man lol n I got so much HW to do
I think my dad worked for you at Mason Co Jeff Hinson?
He talked about you a lot when I was little lol in a good way!!
is it on ESPN ?
Time ?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
Been flying in a Cessna but i wonder what it would be like to fly a WW1 fighter plane , i guess you could say i'm bicurious
that's just creepy.
if you didn't see that from Jessica I don't wanna know you anymore D:
lol.
Im doing well, and yourself?
there are some real winners at the bar right now making me appreciate even mor that I never had a traditional college experience.
ff one of my new followers spittin some good wisdom
Watching NICKjr with my wittle sister!
Those were the days, when I used to watch this!
BLUES CLUES AND DORA ALL THE WAY!
is over.
Disgusting.
:D
to be completely honest, I thought you were like 2930!:
Reading this website!!!
WhatMeansTheWorldToYou simple God, My family, and my real friends
WeLoveYouWhitney you will truly be missed
anything put together by people is going to have errors, and then there's where records get sketchy and one gets ...
I painted the words, yes.
I'm going to print out the picture an put it together and frame it!
As it turns out, it was smart to plan our layover in my hometown
Mc'd deluxe breakfast on point!!
:
Day 2 of C2E2 !
Come see us once again at J14 in the Artist Alley !
Also buy art from the bearded aristocrat
: You are one in a million3 imagine Austin actually saying this to you,:
Happy birthday the the best person ever lol
I'm still sick.
Stress really does a lot to a person.
Crazy but fun night.
These are the moments when you just can't help but be thankful for your
Fucking Ballard has been fucking us!
CATCH THE BALL!
As Spartacus ends, Game of Thrones begins.
Life is good.
Sometimes the people that claim to love you the most are the ones that hurt you the most without realizing it.
agreed....
70 million customers around the world...
If not more...
As leaders, we all want our team members to move forward with a presence of inspired certainty.
Dean's post tells how to get them there.
He's right, I'll do anything to take AB's away from Reimhold.
RT orioles could make sense for abreu, who wants to play 23 yrs
only becuz i know ur taste muzik too well
Russ, man damn!
you fake 
Very interesting point guys....hm....
Lol your welcome !
:
Thank you for the RT!
You are now entered into the doctorwing!
he stopped liking beautiful souls of girls lol
I heard the Lord Mayor was involved as well.
Is that so?
is the best thing ever!
Looking forward to a busy weekend Lunch w/ , party, BBQ with friends, photo shoot, and hopefully a nap somewhere in there whew
how the hell are you there already!
Like Your Historical Fiction safe or real?
Gritty GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan 2.99 Kindle Amazon.
Civilwar Hooker, women in camps.
Our very own Matt Esslinger will be speaking about increasing ROI using multivariate testing socializeconf Oct 2122
Happy birthday love you!
thank you!
I DONT WANT IT TO END
yea right?
Have u tried adding me yet?
How come Ryno good enough to interview in person for team that just WON the World Series but not the Cubs?
it only took me 3 weeks.: ahaha
oops!
hope that gets better!
Who do you call when you know that Batman's Batsignal is not real...
Let's go big d hold them
Definitely chose my career by math needed RT : Uh oh is making us do math!
Calculate customer lifetime value
Eat cheap week starts tonight.
Retweet this and you could win a free meal!
Got my septum pierced :!
3
On what planet could this ever be better?
Clearly not this one.
Earl Buys performs solo piano works by German Master Composers: Bach, Beethoven and Brahms.
Today at 2:30pm!
Bruno Walter Auditorium...
Starve the Ego, Feed the Soul
Today I bought doctored prunes
These fucking mini panic attacks when I get stressed need to fucking stop .
Gov.
Scott Walker, WI, is met with his 7th day of massive union opposition toward his attempts to eliminate collective bargaining.
Our kids are working hard for their Spring Showcase on April 26th!
They'll be out showcasing the awesome skills they've achieved.
thanks!
Excited to learn :
Nothing like going shopping and only spending 14 on 36 worth of everyday stuff with
Just saw Santa walking on 26th and sheridan
Silence on matters one knows not.
Wisdom too rare.
Major congrats!
Do you know who you'll be working with yet?
Salsa Saves Lives tomorrow 10am2pm!
Free chips and salsa and ice cold water while you adopt a loving pet in need.
yea...the big guys in white coats make me take them....they say it's good for me.
RT : um meds???
I already do, go me!!!!
I'm so excited to see you at warped omg????
Just Because That's Your Close Friend...
Don't Mean That's Your Real Friend...
see u there!
FunFactOfTheNight Kevin Durant is really good.
Very wise: Dont be so arrogant  extra picky with your mate..The best way to cherish  love something is...
Imagine you lost it
OMG great news!
And I'm coming back for a few days this summer to see some family/friends :
zodiacfacts do Not exist
All I want to do is to sonify my tax data.
don't complain!
ok i did
Impressive.
Dark Knight Rises is gonna beat that though.
followed.
follow back yeaah?
Okay, I think mekelsey just about died laughing at Niall's expression...
Sydney: Teeheehehe Niall!
Omg!
him: O.o
so sad about the VT teacher that was killed tragic
me too.
Future of museum's bright if we remember it's about the message, not the medium.
Hence this tweet in ink, on paper.
Are you serious?
If the Yanks or Phils would have won, I would NOT have watched.
Now I will since Yanks/Phils aren't in it.
Dear man on the subway!
Thank you for making the train ride hell for everyone else with your loud ass music!
You suck!
Love Matt 3
Head of Daytime One Life To Live  Julie Madison final 4 months of filming.
Last chance to get on the show!
Wow, at 999 followers now....Who is going to be our 1,000th?!
: Thanks for following everyone!
We gave in and bought a mega millions ticket.
First time ever.
If I win, I am going to...
probably hide?
happy birthday dipshit, looking forward to celebrating this weekend
When you're ready, we'd love to share your paper on our blog too!
Ping us when ready.
Aw cant wait to see yeah :RT : Today will be a good day!!!!!
Ready to support my ladies
ARGH THIS COMPUTER IS SO SLOW!
That was fun!
And u reminded me that on occasion I can actually sing
along with Saunders last night
excited is close to being open
Soo unreal.
Ill miss you so much pawpaw..
.
does think prostitution scandal is a symptom of wider problem of laxity and winking and nodding culture at Secret Service
Welcome newbies!
Did we mention that FELON FITNESS is available in eBook form for your Kindle?!?
Had a nice meeting with Hugh last week at your offices.
It was nice to finally meet some of the entrust team.
Are you kidding me Dwyane?!
set up and grillin, come on down bike to work day if you show me you road a bike to work to get a dollar off any sausage
My last MBA tourney for the season.
Tomorrow and Sunday.
It's weird because I like, never black out.
yea idk my mind's being a bit slow right now lol
Nick Charles graced Baltimore with his integrity and talent ...
and he touched the world far beyond .....
Just watched that episode.
I'm watching Words, Words, Words.
When is the next Comedy Central special so I can hear Nerds and Helluva Ride with decent audio?
Not sure I want a program to confirm how ugly I'm feel'n :/ But hey, cool concept none the less
Kale chips are in the oven!
Hey.
Sup?
they also make you fart
nytnyt and sweet doctorams buddy dom hope you had a zentastic day love you so much my dear buddy 3
Goodnight to you foolish one.
Sleep well and doctoramvague doctorams of adequacy.
YOU LOOK GORGEOUS!
BOOK stands for Bboundless and useful Oorganization of entries Oout from Kknowledge and ideas
Thanks, Mary!
aw, shucks.
thanks, max!
see ya in nyc this weekend?
shit I gotta wear two to hold these bad boys down!
Lol
Happy birthday !
Hope you have an awesome day!
:
that was so cute3 lmao.
I'll catch you some other time.
Get that rest beast!
I'm there Sunday.
Row 15 on the 5 yardline in a yellow monkey suit!
After your 3rd TD, point up 2 me!
CP3 is letting me down :
He is rich or poor according to what he is, not according to what he has.
Henry Ward Beecher
Wow, big time...
Come get your preValentine's day at European Wax Center, so you're looking and feeling great on that special day!
they are my dad's old collection.
the  is going towards something for our family cabin.
Ready to go D!
Heal fast, we are gonna need your versatility for the playoffs!
I'm just gonna stay single until realizes we're meant to be.
3
: Libra will reveal their sexy body in a modest way because they don't like to be a Show off.
Depends on my mood...
Global warming my butt!
It was dang cold on the bus stop this morning!!
Fantastic!
See you there!
yo gonna watch mayweather fight tonite with my mom and her nd gonna be a crazy fight
atleast there are still the New Teen Titans shorts comin : on CN
WT bloody F?!
YES!
Must see Wilson!
Listening to three stodgy dudes discussing merchandising at They totally don't get it.
I get annoyed so easily
Happy Birthday
The questions surrounding Shaq's career.
Are the same questions people ask about Mike Tyson.
sometimes i think i feel my phone vibrating in my pocket when its not even there.
Yuroooo !
This YA Nigga TY Thee Human Follow ME But Anyway We Hitting UP The Studio Today Coming Out w/ a HIT !
RT if you still Up.
Softness can't bear the weight of ornaments
love u too bro always good catchin up
: Very good photo!
where the same people3
soo if your not following me or im not following you and you add me on facebook im not accpecting sorry
Opening Skype on my laptop after a 10 day break and it is FREAKING OUT.
The present is the point of power Jane Roberts/Seth
I really really really want to see the descendants!
It does indeed.
That's why we're working to make prayer easier for all.
Please see: www.birdofprayer.org
That's love!
We all want to see dance with you and talk about their new book!
its beautiful'devri : btw I changed my username xD
Officially done moving despite the rain and cold :
I didn't even know there was a Daughters of the War of 1812 group.
L found a bird this morning.
Most likely it ran into our patio door.
We're half way through Bird Watch 1.0 before taking it to the rescue.
I focus on NC politics
My mom isn't here today, but still proud to say Happy Mother's Day!
Admit it, we all feel cool when we walk around the mall with tons of shopping bags in our arms.
I think oomf  I could've been cute but oh well.
Your home is much prettier.
have you heard about our top secret international super star dj at First Night?
UrockTour 2012 darichboyz Getting to the money 'Travel the World
You should start Tales From the Apartment Across the Street From the Independent.
But like for reals.
Thanks to all of our sponsors, followers and those who came out this past week, for a successful 2009 Indiana County Fair week!
People die every day here, Death don't play fair.
Best definition of Tangible Interaction Design so far lol You create meaningful conversations with desks
I found it on Elk Grove Blvd :
he hits 5 I got wood.
Dudes a straight up beast.
Do ya wanna?
Do ya wanna wanna rescue me?
The Silk Tie likes Stu!
If you liked your tie better would you show more of it in your professorle pic?
thesilktie.com
i unfollowed you back when we fell out like 8 years ago i never followed you back sorry :/  i miss you too
Congratulations on the win!
Everybody knows, wants to know.
if you make it downtown again, we should make out.
Or something.
you're beautiful, funny, good looking, phierce, smart, talented and reminds me a lot of myself : keep it up
Fantastic choice.
Essie is definitely one of our faves.
I'm the definition of an annoying doctornk girl
I wish I had sprint sometimes.
This ATT throttling fear is annoying.
Hope your day gets better :
I'm really excited for you guys!
My 2012 Resolution is to not let anyone throw off my groove and I know y'all can help me out!
Me to Stress free RT: I like keeping my life private and intend to keep it that way
Make it all the way to Venetian to play PLO with 4 people from Winstar.
Standard?
RT SideChicks Need Luv Too!...S/O To All The Ladies That Found Out Today
Wats up wit facebook and the miley cyrus post i bet its another virus
I love the entire NHL playoffs.
I dig baseball but can only watch the Yanks.
In hockey,I can watch any game it's that exciting.
just saw a commercial for Esperanza Spalding!
:o
I'm not going anywhere until it has been.
congrats on your 49ers.
It's nice to see the red and gold in the hunt again
Jimmyfallon jack black singing on how epic is that :
Hi wish Bri was online!!
IM LOOKING AT UR HOUSE
Makin slaps at the crib...!
My beats BANG!!!
Thanks for following!
Enjoy our tweets!
S/O to the Beautiful Ladies of Divine Adonia and the Handsome Men of Divine Adonis
Setting up wireless in Baileys Harbor for my parents.
Woot!
No more trips to the library pavilion for wifi
Someone should create transparent solar panels and use them for windows on skyscrapers.
Crikey, what a week!
for a follow back go follow
olive garden?:
Well now I'm going to bed :b
Nothing else matters much  not wealth, nor learning, nor even health  without this gift: the spiritual capacity to keep zest in living
I'm going to eat my lunch while reading a cookbook.
What?
Don't you all do that?
ugh infected belly ring.
Gonna miss you, Lincoln.
I miss on Idol this week.
Ugh.
I still believe the wrong person went home last week.
I've gone through three dozen eggs in FOUR HOURS.
kitty snuggles and maybe a wordy dird, or seven
I hope cheerleadinng TryOuts go well !
any thoughts on adding a zip/download link to ease downloading repos?
Taking the from MI to IL and really enjoying the ride!
If Tebow goes,so do I and my season tickets.
Been a fan since 77 but can't fathom mistake of letting best winner since you go
Attention Casting Directors......child actress/model looking for open castings

Hungry ass hell b !
At Jim n' Nick's BBQ with Claire, Kaleena, and Sarah:
What's a good site to shorten long links?
Congrats to the IU class of 2012.
You finally made it.
Today I don't feel like doing anything.
I just wanna lay in my bed.
Yap, see you at ICA and catch up!
It must be sports season or something?
Well anyway, go sports!
I'm very glad u enjoyed it!
I hope everyone will be able to analyze their studies w/ new method I proposed!
Words of Wisdom Wednesday!
Its kind of fun to do the impossible.
Walt Disney
I've never been more excited to eat food in my life than I am today.
Hw the fuck u think twitter and facebook make u important u gotta put n wrk to get to a certain level n life u desirereal talk
I get joy from the littlest things
Falling asleep to rolling thunder and
Hanging at jazzlinks jam session !
Tonight is our grand Peruvian Dinner with !
Who's coming out?
In a cab, with my fabulous assistant Leslie, on our way to the gift show!
Gorgeous day in NY!
Song of the day: Burn It Down by Linkin Park.
A step back in the right direction for LP.
If you click read more it brings up a screen with you in it and it says use code MUSCLESGLASSES until he returns.
get some people from crusade to go!
Why does hate, jealousy, and greed take over our minds and lead us to destroy others?
When will we begin to live and let others live?
Thankfully, someone had the good sense to pull the fire alarm on this meeting.
how very Leo of that cat!
:
: Do you think Snooki considers herself to have an old soul?
Great question!
?
yeah but I'm not first!
lol
I went to it b/c I stopped doctorving and it's easier to transport.
Should have switched years ago.
i'll DM him for you.
:
RT : Still in shock...
Thank you America!!!
You picked the right guy...
Congrats You deserve this.
Ignorance may be 'bliss', but it's still ignorance
Yes!
that's perfect!
Can't wait now!
maybe you should promote voting for something that matters.
I love mtv I'm a brainless,idiot zombie.
Looks like a big walkup.
Get to know ur breeder.
If they hesitate 2 show u aroundoctord flag.
meet w/ ur pup 1 to 2 times a week til ready 2 go.
What we do for us, dies with us.
What we do for others and the world, remains forever
changed my icon!
I just made it!
:
If I had bonus features I would pawn the trophies.
I have always paid 1st month before moving, next months in advance.
Usually if you mail it, it must be postmarked by the 1st.
RT : Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing.
Benjamin Franklin
wuzzam my nigga i been fucking with kc...he was asking bout yu...check the vids on youtube geezy504...i been getting it in
And after the way we lost the lead and the game to them in 2010, I'd like to see that rematch.
Glad to be part of the conversation!
with the kiddos tonight while mommy works.
why tf isn't my news feed on facebook loading?
I'm tryna see something!
You are very supportive and appreciated!
Joe
RT Seven years, 132 million.
Lions reportedly just gave Calvin Johnson the richest deal in NFL history.
you call it irresponsible,i call it life...now go get one
Formulating startup ideas for recovery of lost Kindles on airplanes...
AMZN
: Thanks again to from Noodles  Co!
Awesome catering for our session  Thank you Joe
Why do people want kids to act like adults?
I think adults need to start acting more like kids.
At 7:10am was already number 28 to vote
don't worry we're gonna have a blast over spring break let me know when you get here

great Liz!
We still have a chance!
ur iconlife
Last years wishes are this years apologies.
I got a headache
Plaintiffs have no incentive to assert the rights of the authorsexcept tochoke out nonprofessort educationalfair use.
i can't even express into words how stressed out i am right now.
january is never going to get here
that sounds awesome!
Some people are so poor all they have is money.
Two weeks from today, we will be putting together another 90 food baskets.
Help feed a family in need at www.feedchicago.org
I had a blast tonight...
Good one in a long time
Why can't I choose what OS to put on a tablet?
Or programming language to work with?
Happy Halloween Everyone!
:3
Finale of VampireDiaries ...yes it's amazing :D
My visiting mate just said I've brought my Converse in case we go somewhere posh you can tell he's welsh
Hm best place to be on a doctorary Sunday morning!!
Hey thanks haha
Just added several selections of Mark Shearer's Through the Window album on the Stream!
I'm so tired, rr this morning, then went to jay sarg to turn in papers, now working at unos.
Exhausted Z.
Volunteer Center of MKE will be here tomorrow 1130am1pm.
Info on corp.
and individual opportunities.
2nd flr seminar room.
Lunch served!
cool, when I get back from Haiti it's a date :
Party Pooper!
How are you?
Never got a tweet from before :
like us on facebook : www.facebook.com/mercuryinsummer
Would like to thank Sara, Katie, and Jimmy for making my night!
I miss playing RockBand.
We're allowed to throw pillows at Mom when that happens.
Everyone wins.
Except my mom.
And maybe the cats sleeping next to her.
Making plans to pick up this year's grass fed cow for 2012 feasting.
400lbs of packaged meat will not fit on my bike,
Attention all students groups!
TODAY is the LAST DAY to submit GRANT applications.
Please submit to
Getting ready to head to Berkeley for 's Word Up /Picture Out visualstorytelling for nonprofessorts.
Who else is going?
Just realized I spelled exhilarating totally, horribly, incredibly wrong in a giant mass email.
Like a boss?
notsomuch :
I'll be pullin for your gauchos.
After watching G'town go down, anything can happen this year.
Man Overboard sucks though...
haha naw you look exactly like my friend kristen volk.
So yeah kinda weirded me out.
UK can have Derek Willis!
Padgett would have ate this dudes lunch as an 8th grader.
Hope he sees the court at uk.
So crushed right now!!!
One more day of school left.
FOREVER!
aw333333333333 that's so cute!!!!!!
:D
I want to hear all about it!
Make sure you follow  the newest member of the team!
Honestly, instead of expanding to Long Beach or DTLA, we should hire a researcher to do a weekly rebuttal to the Courier.
/sarcasm
thanks!
Looking forward to tweeting with them!
HeLo, world of Twitter!
I'm new and excited to be here!
As my first act on Twitter, I have to agree WeLoveChuckandBlair !!
Big smiles to both of you!!!
lol Bobus roots for like all 30 NBA teams
Barkley says he is staying
Wearing a black maxi doctorss, red cowboy boots, and a blue flannel.
Can you tell I'm moving this weekend and already packed my clothes?
its raining too hard...i need a cuddle buddy :
As of today, Dead Billy's gonna be, like, a real thing.
we get in the most trouble on Mondays
Internet has been transactional, but today's internet is participative and experiential
Shout Out ti ny new new followers!!!
yay....
See u girls soon
We all keep saying Happy 4th!
Stay Safe!
but what we mean is Text me a pic when you light accidentally light your house on fire!
truth RT I swear I ain't never seen the Nword as much as I do HERE on the damn web....
Stay humble everything will fall into place 
What a great practice tonight!
We can't wait to see the LTDArmy out in force on Saturday!
lmao haha I can see you saying that!!!!
The teacher just stared omg I was like wtf is going on?!?
Let's get the UK on deck for sure.
I'm excited to come back and hang soon.
UglyPeopleExcuses.
Noo, I Broke up with him, He didn't break up with me!
Yeah, it has been a while.
Things are good.
We should do coffee or lunch.
not you, dummy.
3
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
Ha!
I've wondered that myself!
Finally home from work
saw u at taste of rn.
Great product
The people who respond the the not random, iPad give away tweets are the same people who wire money to Nigeria
Restocking the table one brochure at a time with
u think?
I AGREE
Answer: Yes.
RT : Question: Should I put songs from Xanadu and Flash Gordon on the next doctorveIn Mob Mixtape?
I am a victim of Jim's embellishments.
Embellishments are the story.
Let's be victims.
Lebron James has a dislocated RING finger.
That makes me laugh.
Beyond Words, Beyond Sanity:Well said Burton, Well said.
Once again, I am playing you on the radio.
Up Close  Alone.
new vinyl, pt.
2: colosseum, king crimson/lizard DLP, pay the man/crack babies split 10, this is dancehall, music of mallorca
I'm so sick : this is not ok.
Trying to get some sleep then off to the hospital early tomorrow morning
Getting that horse in 7th grade hahaha
TeamUnChurched discussion this week  A Return to Love.
Join the conversation!
You are only on thought away from transformation!
I just want to go home and cuddle with my cat.
I put the song up.
Check it out.
aint gonna need no blue out
koooliooo i been there
Peace to your country!
Or state!
ran into you a few yrs ago on a flight from dallas to indy  your first scouting combine.
nice to see you on here.
Very interesting stats from Median words in a Facebook post by individuals is 11 words and generates on average 5 comments
lmaooooooo!
Ya nutter.
What time you work till?
Peanut.
Lookit that watch.
God damnit 
Beach house in Newport beach!!!
Whoop whoop!
Party it up!
PhoneGap is an HTML5 app platform that allows you to author native applications with web technologies and get access to APIs and app stores
Sometimes friends know best RT Enjoying fantastic lunch So glad we listened to those who suggested we come!
hahaha yes!
Funnily enough, I met my wife there.
You should def do it.
this makes me sick to my stomach RT Police say Texas eighthgrader killed after ignoring order to doctorp weapon was holding a pellet gun
agreed, if the treatment to turn it blue is changing the dirt, then its really NOT a good thing, both for safety and FO prep.
That Billy Crystal is so delightful, you guys.
Who's stoked on 's tour this summer, will get naked if you pack all the oregon shows
RT : RT : You also take library books back before you've borrowed them.
thank you Sean!
The legend of Brooks Conrad starts tonight?
some weirdo has been stealing all my mayorships.
They took the fish tank!
do you scream ?
I do!
The bigger the bug the louder I get!
What would you say to me if I told you that you could easily earn two million American dollars in a week with no effort, on autopilot?
Tell em Mike!
Phone in the yellow bar
The greatest of faults, I should say, is to be conscious of none.
Thomas Carlyle
Well, hello You look amazing.
The hair is gorgeous!
indeed fascinating.
Wonder if the statue was inspiration for the popular movie pose on the bow of the ship
Relationships should be based on age and love.
Is there anything better than the freedom to dive into a long, long novel?
Personally, I'll be reading Helprin's WINTER'S TALE
Did the Clippers just do the impossible
The best part of my relationship is not only will I go to strip clubs, she will go with me, strip for me there and show them all up.
Don't you just hate it when you are waiting for an elevator and when it finally comes there are already two minivans inside?
Good luck!
There is a very good chance you may get it!
I am shooting a photostory.
NEED 1825 yr old male to play the role of a young homeless man, no acting experience required.
Nice sets last night from and Little Foxes at Hump.
Dear School, why do you have to sneak up on all of us Monday morning?
Sincerely, you should start on Tuesday, at Noon.
listen to our ep, summer isn't over ;
no problem!
Looks like a good event.
Will definitely consider it.
cont.
promote engagement, honesty and authenticity to improve business results.
The awkward moment your checking out a girl and her friend is looking at u.
There's a good reason the SPICY in the spicy turkey avocado sub is emphasized on the menu.
the best is stacking the bins with hundoctords of Patsy Cline and Burl Ives Christmas LPs to make it look like he has an extensive collection.
Hey Moms, thanks for everything you've done and will do.
Missing the ice machine at my dorm.
Man that thing was likely teeming with the nastiest of filth, but I could use some ice right now.
50 o US smartphones are Andoctorid, says comScore
ur so gay I just texted u lol what's up
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash on John Nolen coming from the WB Beltline.
Use caution in this area.
I'm starving.
I'm about to run this mile by myself and go get a burger.
: thank you so much for the follow!
xox
First 5 to tweet me an :D gets my number I'll dm it to you:
I'm black yall...
Day one of the WEDI ICD10 forum is in the books.....The theme is: medical codes in ICD10 are the business language of healthcare.
mubb fans in full cheermode at the game...
coming across well on the tv!
We are not sure what gives...
but be sure that we will share your comment with those who handle that area!
Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves!
Now I remember why I once vowed to never go to PIM on weekends.
Too bad I'm reminded when I'm already here
At the IMAX about to watch hunger games.
stoked!
what if I wanted to hangout on Saturday?
:
just go pass your time to our time : its worth it!
...now that that's done, let's talk about longevity.
Let's talk about what happens once she gains weight or he loses that food truck...
Completely agree  PHP would benefit from String and Array classes that replace the str / array functions.
let me know how you liked our service today
Long day, trying to find more qualified beta users for
Please follow !
She loves you so much!
Enchancer  36
RT : If you're not on the webinar about API's and API management, you're missing out on something special.
Mine is nice until it doctores.
Good morning upper eastsiders.
Wrong city.
After days of doctornking, the telltale signs of whose been naughty or nice will make today fun!
umhm wat u see on the teachers computer?
;
Humpday Hi!!
Last night put some more touches on pyramid helmet and silent hill nurse masks.
I sure hope these things turn out!
RT : Q2 Do you see your own role in the organization changing as a consequence, if so how  type of work/what you do etc?
I want to know where the good eats are!
Mentoring is about not sticking someone in a slot but to try to find out what their natural talents are giving them room to grow.
WhenAustin tweets with a wink face ;
RT : Gov Dayton says calls to his office overhwleming in favor of Vikings stadium: 966support, 141 oppose.
Take the hand cuffs off him!
RT : Joker on Morgan: He fights, fights, but there are some things he needs to clean up.
RT : Enter to win 2 free passes to Restaurant After Hours 3 Just RT to enterdoctorwing will be 1/28  4pm.
Wheels up headed back to The City.
I strive to learn something new everyday.
It usually appears in the form of a student.
Gotta love it!
I'll take it!
yeah, if you want shitty seats or lawn.
tried when they went onsale to the public and couldn't get anything remotely close
Seriously?
No one else but Chris Brown was available?
Should've tweeted earlier: CNN has the video of Lawrie hitting umpire Bill Miller with his helmet and Miller getting hit by a doctornk.
oomf really helped me out shout out to her
Baby boy got your girl so deep in love 3
: Saw your posts abt saints...my husband is a professorssor of middle ages music history and hagiography.
He'll love the saints site!
Be sure to check out
Great weekend for bball
hates sitting at the barbershop.
Nothing lasts forever so live it up, laugh it off, take chances and never have regrets.
Cuz at 1 point everything you did was exactly wh ...
Great tip for hackathons involving actual code.
Keep it together at for later indexing.
Will share!
Illinois Governor Pat Quinn announced today over 4 million federal grant awarded to Rockford Solar Partners, a joint venture between Wanxi
it really is.
Gotta love Sandoctor Bullock!
so stoked for the new record!
Gunna blast the shit outta it!
oh yes.
That was immediate.
Haha
76ers on fire!!
Bulls are done for tonight!!
They will bounce back!
RT : Texts from Hillary has been shared on 46,100 Facebook professorles, generating 172,054 likes or comments.
the californians are KICKING IT.
O!!!
The florals look awesome!
To the ICONic Boyz :what their favorite brand of chips and whats their favorite sonq rite now please give me a shoutoutt??
aw man!
thats fucked up, you better get some rest tomorrow lbs
Circle Furniture celebrates first downtown Boston store BOSTON  Circle Furniture welcomed more than 200 people to its first downtown Bos
Hi Chase!
God Bless!
Breakfast  Corner Baker
Of course I get to my house and see two cab with lights doctorve by.
Fitting.
Night all.
Tsk tsk tsk.
You do know Snooki's pregnant, right?
You have months of gossipy goodness coming your way soon.
Do you have turkey for thanksgiving or another meat?
Uhm...I'll just doctorve up there.
I was thinking of Playing GTA SA again i remember when it first came out
A BIG thank you to all of our 2011 innotechatx attendees, speakers, exhibitor and sponsors!
Dude want me to sweat him but i refuse I'm and she never put sweatsuits on a mf
Friday afternoon  Prospective Student sessions for ,  !
I appreciate the follow and RT!
: Have a great weekend.
this season....
Chillin but ain't much to do....cud always use some1 to talk to.
Who up??
did follow you
Truth.
MT : plz dont waste your  on Mackeeper  all that shit is already built into your operating system.
give me your  instead
i'd rather die like a man than live like a coward
Woke up and can't get back to sleep :/
so i'll probably freak out
yeah, we are too, lots of collaboration  our lab will play a role in development process which will raise digital awareness here
Dominating pubs with and :
That entire list is depressing.
When I see a kid named Madison, I think, I'm sorry your parents are giant douches
We hear it's 's Executive Director, ' birthday.
Great knowing you and the good work you do.
Enjoy your born day!
Kansas will win.
Calling it now.
Ha!
She said she just wanted to watch a taping and these were good seats lol...
You should bring me a beer...
:/ wine, blech!
yeah that is what I told him, I told him to try to do some education online, finish degree, then do private lessons.
Upper 70's and sunny?
Seems like the perfect combination for a homemade icecream sandwich from Sebastian Joe's!
The MisEducation coming soon stay tune!!
Oh, d/fw, you milquetoast transit sewer, how I hate thee blue carpeting and clackety clack tile floors.
Wonder is the feeling of a philosopher; and philosophy begins in wonder.
Plato
Nothing like Sunday football, cold skies and a comfy couch.
I am going to Vegas with my Dad.
Can anyone tell what the very BEST restaurants are, please!
Rachael just threatened Lucy with the triple crown of punishment  1 spank 2 go to bed 3 no Easter eggs.
Great to meet you tonight!
If Ive said it once, Ive said it a thousand times, although honestly I feel like Ive said it a lot more than that even.
Hell Yeah.
I miss the days when Front Royal had one.
Lunch w at parasons then hangin at the mall.: then back to my house !
:D
you have to see the avengers!
that movie is a buyer :
Waky Waky!!
RT : TIME to WAKE UP!
Live w/ !!
Jennifer is such a fun writer.
Reading Good In Bed now.
Congratulations to the entire team, staff, and coaches!
Number 8 feels great!
don't count out the Urban Outfitter and the Scarlet and Gray OHIO team.
I am going to miss Angel : sorry to here about her
Thank you!!
: Rochester Young professorssionals' Speed Networking was a great success!
Good Job Connections
not lookin 4ward 2 it.
my knees and hands are killin me already
Your post made me happy.
Love it.
wow why did they have to make ATM's so complicated!
ugh haha
Oh no!
If you can't reach her on that line, you can always call the main line and ask for her directly: 16192314040.
Berggren sinks another 3 for the Badgers.
Goinf to be hard for the Spartans to catch up with UW keeps this up
Hey!
That's awesome that you're from Rio!
I've always wanted to go there.
Ice Cream Sandwich, yummy goodness for your phone and tablet, get the scoop
RT : How's the first weekend scriptfrenzy going?
listening to knock'em out by lily allen
We MiSS U Britney !
A friend's house in Bayview.
You in the Falls right?
Hell ya!!!
my single coming soon
Thanks for the RT, !
Get to take my bro to the airport tomorrow :
: yo..
Buddy I wouldnt mind going along with you to go see the movie.
Duh!
: I need some good songs to get my ass through hour long cardio sessions!
I'm gonna take a nap
Eating sushi in Casper, Wyoming...preparing for our interview this afternoon.
oh yes!
and was too preoccupied with fainting to grab the camera
Zap i was with One Direction
Awesome!
Look forward to meeting you guys!
The blind still see, the lame still walk and YES, the dead ARE still being raised!
www.imawitness.com
Any nigga that let a hoe in his house and touch his family is going to HELL!
from someone who doesn't evun go there.
It seemed like a good idea: she liked really masculine guys and I liked making big fcking mistakes...
8:30 and it isn't dark yet.
This is crazy.
Hey remember week 1 when they said Payton Manning would be back in full form by week 10?
Yeah, that was hilarious.
Mint Condition singing So Fine..
Can't wait for Breakin my heart
's tongue waggle makes me laugh.

Larry merchant need to take his old ass somewhere haveafuckingseat dickhead
Greg Crane, Tufts U: Citizen scholarship, the resurgence of philology  a global republic of letters in the digital new world.
May 4, Paris.
Bow to your sensi...
I can't wait to see you at the under the influence of music tour in indianapolis 3
happy 4th of july everyone!!!
come celebrate after the firewords and bbq roll up to MYST for the Ratio 4th of july party!
cell  6028820317
I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap
Packing gear for swimsuit photoshoots.
Salt and sand can kill your equipment if you're not careful.
you think that now, them UPS paychecks won't do you any good lol
Have an amazing 2012!!!
RT wise processes from  When u have a problem  STOP  evaluate 5 thgs, solutions start to emerge...
Random guy  pompano park said i have potential
still would rather Dempsey
Booking flights to Europe for a wedding later this year.
So stoked.
Is going to the victorian fetish party after leah's bday only our darling bday girl is passed out at home already poor thing :
Movies with my baby!!!
3
is hoping tonights homemade taco's come through...
saw a friend check in at whitecastles down in Kenosha, I was tempted to make the trip
Final recording and mixing in LA next week to wrap up the new album.
Mastering session getting booked.
Holy Moly, we're close.
Good Morning.
Starting into the 5th month of 2012 already.
let'sgetit
We love Rochester...even if Porter is a hater.
Greatest city in the world....period.
bowling?
Is that slang for something else?
The guy I'm seeing says that I try to hard on social network sites.
The good news that comes from all this is one of us at least GETS hard.
Springfield VA looking bright right now even tho its raining
I have a mancrush on Neil Degrasse Tyson.
Make sure Firefighters don't have to crash your Thanksgiving: Never wear loosefitting clothing that can catch fire while youre cooking!
Watching the Michigan vs Nebraska game  Go BLUE!
Is delighted that the phrase, event horizon was used during a discussion in the Confirmation Class yesterday regarding theological issues.
Eyeopening remarks from on Congressional budget approps for int'l aid.
Nutshell: Rep Ryan's plan  BAD  misinformed.
Here to help.
Wow I have been just a little ball of inappropriateness today.
Geez, Taylor.
22 hours and 2 shows later we are calling it a night!
Thank you to everyone that came to our shows today....or yesterday now.
Benny Benassi Tickets for this Saturday at Myst plus Eric Schafroth's birthday i got them now text me asap 25 per Ticket 4803520903 Page
Hello world...
How has your day been?
Your intellect may be confused, but your emotions will never lie to you
uploading pictures from our trip
I'm insanely excited for my Shakespeare and poetry classes next semester...
ohh man, idolresults are on tonight.
i am praying does NOT go home!
It's a code system that was put in place years and years ago internally here.
You'll have to get our language codes in our docs
South Alabama's Lindsay Schwartz claimed the women's heptathlon title with 5,264 pts  her third SBC Hep title!.
The question again should be Who is framing the reform?
What are the expectations?
What is being measured?
Upset that yesterday Verizon told me my phone would be overnighted to me today, but now I find out I won't get it until Monday
Why is it the Sith side seems to be a bit over powering?
Jealous!
That show is going to be awesome.
how much???
Where it at??
I think everyone ought to get wealthy and prominent and do all that they ever imagined so they could notice that it's not the reply.
Exam tomorrow and I'm stuck sleeping in the floor
Brightness of my Macbook  iPhone screens are killing my eyes!
Thoughts anyone?
Besides turning down the brightness or use it less.
find one, let me know?
Using Autism in your updates would help bring more awareness to your rocks to people concerned about Autism and on Twitter.
thanks love!
I got your entry!!
:D
Would it be weird if I went outside and helped this little kid build his snowman?
He's too cute!
Instead of focusing on the competition, strive for a higher level of creativity.
Create the extraordinary, instead of settling for average.
Motherfucker You really Dont care for anyone but you self!
are you that ignorant that you think ill will go back crawling to your door?
What does everyone think?
RT : The best restaurants in the North End?
Really?
They still don't get the same love as the pecan.
There's a much more delicious way that teens get doctornk.
It's called beer.
: when is Wayne Brady gonna be there  is here fri  sat
LIVE ON POWER 98.3 WHERE HIPHOP LIVES MPHAZES and MATT DIAMOND FROM COALMINE RECORDS!!
TUNE IN NOW!
power983fm.com
LOL.
I feel like I just got rick rolled...
So you want a mix of hilarious  average funny RT : Im not interested in you unless you're a mix between Donald Glover  Jimmy Fallon
lololol wonder what they look like
Act slow duh
Think ima make Saturdays all to my friends and I like whatever we wanna do each saturday really feelin ultimate frisbee
: Our Idiot Brother opens today!
I love Paul Rudd.
I can't wait to see it.
So stoked!
This time next week, we'll be off to and our beautiful house!
lets link up soon Charlie
pretty sure at this point, they are one in the same.
Sephora will do that to you!
now THAT i have had...and that is so yummy!
I've submitted more SACO proposals in the past 6 months than in my entire 14year cataloger career.
RT : Concluding the key difference between SOA and EDA is that preconditions become post conditions..
loose coupled
Shout out to Alpana Adair who just landed her doctoram jobtraining  development manager
But then, both of those allusions will probably go over the students' heads.
Thanks for the mention, Shannon.
Have a great week!
You are so welcome!
Come back!
hi Julie I am Kelly's sister.
Got a cat on my lap
One direction cd released in america now Yaay!
:
bummer ....
I ride to work when I can too ....
Good luck with your bike.
I have been wanting a carbon for a year now :.
Ha!
You should bring it home down Milwaukee Ave.
It's like a neverending doctorver's ed movie ; RT :
Stay stupid.
Follow your unconventional, crazy heart.
Steven Pressfield in 'Do the Work'
I have flaws but I wont let them get in the way of success ..
I might...
Haha!
Whats the best memory of ?
following nancy
Thank you, my friend!
Good to see you!
Dem Rep.
Claire Levy, Boulder, argues it's perfectly appropriate for courts to rule on constitutionality of laws.
edcolo lobatocase
its that PNW Weather My Man...Quick Recovery1
i'm sorry but u shud look closely at the bio space given :O
niggas in they feelings
Soo Im gunna delete this Twitter and make a new one !
WeWontWork if you talk bad about my brother.
Can we have permission to unfollow a library that just uses Twitter to broadcast 5 backtoback announcements once each weekday?
Can you imagine the results you would experience if you would turn fear and skepticism into productive action?
Just begin with one thing!
if happy ever after did exist, then i would still be holding you like this, all those fairytales are full of shit...
Chemistry went on while I was in chem today...
I thus proceeded on listening to Caution Girl.
I miss stereo, okay.
3 more days!
I've never watched a season of AGT but I will say I already loved the first few minutes because of .
Chiana:Just when I get the comfy chair the way I want it, it gets cleaned and I have to start all over again.
It's Nice outside..
and all I wanna do is lay on a couch and watch movies
My geology lecturers always use word art, comic sans, or both.
peasants.
Yes, yellow text on a white background is so fancy.
and theres NOTHIN to eat in my house 
Thanks for the update.
Now you see why I don't trust him
Tebow is not going to be a Packer..The fans will not allow it.
We have the best QB.
Why ruin a good thing
Thanks for following Brian!
Love your fun professorle icon Do you recommend those for all of us?
You would know ;
Girls Who Are Gay Are Cool
Sup wit u?
Just pushing music ova here
On our way up La Crosse, WI!
Hog Wild NYE show !!!!
Let's just say that this morning I accidentally followed in the footsteps of the female neighbor of and
Most improved award  Baby Chris
Fish, an abundant commodity that permeates both bodily orders, the somatic and the social, exposes the facticity of norms just as other /
I got mad only because you weren't listening to me and it was mine.
Hey past attendees!
What was your favorite part of WordCamp last year?
I like how babies remind us, how much we love each other.....
You know how said the baddest thing he done?
My friend said You will be in trouble by your mom now if she is watching!
Lol
Whats the zoning allow to be built in the vacant field near your new home?
More homes?
Walmart?
Apartments?
Check it out!!
At the spa,
Ahhaha Leo is my favorite.
Haven't been this happy in a long time.
:
Yeah, I looked at the card again and it really looks like it'll be a hell of a show.
I hope they put up ordering info soon
Why am I such a fat ass?
Lawl
Oh, Logan, where have you gone?
WE HAVE 4 DAYS TO GET TICKETS!!
I'M GONNA DIE!
the Guinness shake is darn good.
Excellent service tonight, too.
When your gonna give someone a kiss on the cheek and both people go for the same side and almost kiss each other on the lips
onlyif could follow me..
hope I would be like YEEEEEUUUUUHHHH!
:
Think im gonna just pull an all nighter to finish my chem hmwrk
Just so gone and it was really good!
batteries about to die, so night guys!
WOW Jordan 8 miles for a 111 Cupcake!
Impressive I think that sounds like a great commercial :
Lebron couldn't get any rings if he played Sonic Unleashed!
To reduce backlog  less focus on the ideal, and more focus on realistic levels of processing
I wake up to find is on!
That made me happy:
yeah I've been out here for a few days
MVP votes mean absolutely nothing to me.
: question for both parties  do you aim for the center or the extremes?
OMG it sounds like there's a fucking bird in our house
My prayer is that you find someone whose soul you fall in love with.
Now I have to sell it for a lesser amount :
Thanks for the shout out!
I have bones.
You have bones.
He/she/it has bones...
Lol.
Sorry.
Had to say it.
Sure.
Bones are fine.
Five H.S.
boys in Pitt are playing what girls sport?
read about it here USSportspages.com
dang um
tiring just watching the okc/memphis game
Sen.
Rubio says he doesnt crave a GOP VP nod.
The answer is going to be no if he is asked.
not really a sneakerheads kinda kicks but...
RT : like...
wallabies, sperries, vans, and polos?
I think he says that about every player he gets doesn't he??
lol
Got my Barber Swag on right now!
Yeah boi!
That must be so miserable..
Master's in Budget Abandonment.
Can u imagine the issues...: Ever thought about Bering Sea Gold, take guys out on boat  find nuggets?!
goldoctorsh
iWillNeverTrust David Stern
Big girls need big diamonds.
Elizabeth Taylor
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing quality homes in San Antonio TX.
Thanks to the internet, I found your NaN Cat, because I knew someone, somewhere, HAD to have put the two together.
layoff news Hawaii: Money credited to the States Unemployment Trust Fund will be used solely for the payment of administrative expenses
Go Rammies!
As if I needed another excuse to buy more gear
ew off this; blessed with SLEEP.
hey ppl, is 32 too much for a tank top?...
SWEET!!
you guys are awesome!
4 days into sxsw and Spoek Mathambo's set is my first keytar sighting.
Improbable, right???
Shit well that depends on the woman big dick or not some women dont take no shit
Makes me embarrassed to see inbreds from my hometown on Hardcore Pawn talking shit about Detroit and getting thrown out...
BTW, Doesn't Philly have a fringe festival!?
Don't die :s
Why is Wednesday such a busy day on Twitter?
I wanna be a SuperWomen !!!
Hahaha...
I'm wondering how long I'll be able to deal with my terribly cracked iPhone screen...
haha read your mind like always :D u think im not even tho u kno we always have twitter LMAO n the concert too!
.
RT : Hahaha 's Harry Potter jokes are hysterical!
You bring Kalinda to me NOW
thanks for following
cus I get up there and laugh the whole time lol
I imagine so!
What a terrific resource for the students to be able to access.
Inevitable projectile hurling scenes...
I'm So Proud of Youh  doctorke LOVE this Song :D :ILYShawty3
No prob!
Keep it real!
Hearst Magazines Launches quot;Car and doctorver Channelquot; on YouTube  MarketWatch
do you have a good following?
Don't mean to be a dick, but we're looking for people who can expand the brand.
South Park has extended it's run until 2016, who else is excited?
heck yes!!
It's that alberta beef, it keeps us lookin good.
Cuz Black Flag is ossm,that's why.
Check it out  RT : BaltimoreTermsIDontUse is currently trending worldwide!
Up now
FF Great people in the jazzworld!
FF to our fellow design allies:
About to watch Insidious!
This is gonna be a scream fest
I just circled the parking lot 20 times to find parking and ended up in UP.
Stop letting so many people in.
Colts fans are going to be the big losers thanks to their want to be celebrity owner.
Losing Manning, one thing, but the others.
Just WOW
I'm getting the Janet Jackson's.
Haha I'm contemplating.
Free angels game or celebrate my homies coming home from AZ.
touchdecision lol
Of course the week before summer,I gain 6pounds from these steroids.My doctor probably did it on purpose cause she hates me..
You should move there
good to see this account.
Former student.
Go Bengals
Just woke up from his his nap Haha.
Since 5 o clock.
Haha
you dnt like it
thanks for following us!!
Even some of the most talented artists in their field will not make a career in their lifetime!
So you of those weak people who stopped using it smh
yes I agree with you
haha I always do that!
:
jus landed in the A dm me ur email addoctorss
Congrats to UD football on their Iowa Conference Championship!!!
Lord.
It's Honey BooBoo Child.
but at least Cox is good.
OMG!!
Congratulations a MILLION times!!
SO happy for you!!!
Miss Josie and Miss Aurelia will be working in the shop this afternoon.
Come on in and say hi to them on this beautiful spring Saturday!
.
Right.
Cld see challenges moving fr one role to other.
What skills did you pick up as staff that helped you maneuver?
u can do it!
Pet peeve...don't sing or rap with a mic in your hand, and all I hear is a TRACK!
A number of Yankees sport multiple tattoos.
P Joba Chamberlain not only loves the ink, he's also got some piercings including both nipples.
Tenkar39;s Tavern: Playing Catch Up With Game of Thrones on a ...
great meetup folks.
Thsnks for the pizza...
Telling a hacky joke doesn't make you hacky, not knowing you're telling a hacky joke makes you hacky.
Lord please don't allow this vicious sandstorm to tear our tent into shreds.
We sacrifice a lot over here  this is all we got.
Mercy.
Pls tell me WHY Jared Jeffries didn't make the shot??
He cost the Knicks the NBA game tonite.
WTF jeffries could've stayed traded!!
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident Northbound 360 at Westlake
let's do it tonight.
This awesome weather makes me want to camp!
sometimes I wanna slap your Hero.
But is he Cup caliber?
I think we will have to wait and see, but the early returns are promising.
Graduating appears with much more obstacles in the way than I'd originally thought.
it's been a Songs for Silverman kind of night.
Thanks for that one.
Departures Salon at the Balloon Museum tonight was enjoyed by all!
J.D.
Huss told great ABQ aviation stories.
Thx to Twitterer attendees.
I wondered the same.
I kind of assumed that that's what was going to happen.
Love your music man!
: what kind of advise would you give to a young aspiring musician who wishes to make it big someday?plz respond
ok.
You're going in the wrong direction for me to offer you a ride then.
looks great!!
Wow.....that would happen to me!
Twine seems like a useful tool, not just for fiction.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy Tedious Film
clappinatme with no hands
Nice seeing on the Brebeuf field today, still can't believe I met him.
;P rifles An Airsoft Gun, Airsoft Rifles and Airsoft Pistols for Your Hobby
Got to vent and it felt good .
RT : Put a Ring on it.
can it be plastic..lol
oh, it can!
That is too precious!
Looks they've bonded just fine, I'm happy for you all :
Claude Giroux head hunting, Cole Hamels intentionally hinting rookies.....
You stay classy Philly.
I sweat out funky bass lines all day and night.
No one can ever stop me.
Thanks for the follow back!
Have a great weekend!
lol i'm okay: but when boyzareback Is on , i'm gonna be freakin' jumpy!
there's nobody else, it's gotta be you.
3
Guys If You think you look good in your professorle picture, because your giving the camera the death stare?
You.
Look.
Constipated.
acrlny11 didn't know that EU copyright law influences US law...
great!
be sure to follow us as well on twitter!
we'll send you a DM with contact info.
night night twitter....
exhausted from work but a good night with all the crew teamchicfila team kimmiandsarah ;
I think it has to with the mentality surrounding the party in 2012, combined with the tone taken in the video.
If RINO Romney wins the nomination, I may have to go against my better judgment and vote third party.
Santorum the only real conservative.
I'm Mexican but I Got the LUCK OF THE IRISH
well, this is something.
RT : you have 70 followers.
No one cares what you think.
I'm so bored having bin on twitter for a long time
why can't I ever find people on Twitter?
Even when they give me their name/handle/whatever it's called!
Spent an awesome day Ischool discussing digital literacy and actionable data.
It's all info.
RT : Thanks for the follow!
Just got your newest menu in the maileverything looks delicious!

I feel your pain Mark  I had a couple weeks of relapse myself  but I'm back on track  You can do it!!!
Congrats to the Milwaukee Brewers!
We can't wait to cheer you on thru the Post Season!
Hm ...
Im trying to make sense of it all.
This is gonna take some time...maybe a lifetime.
Get rid of everything that isn't useful, beautiful or joyful.
RT : The only person you can change is you.
Why, YES, this IS a Santa Claus tshirt I'm wearing today  I don't even need to do laundoctor.
who is can somebody answer the q plz?
Doomed are the hotheads!
Unhappy are they who lose their cool and are too proud to say, I'm sorry.
Robert H.
Schuller
The weather and my house cooled down so my little kitty is cuddling with me again.
Maj, your metaphors are whack
In the dictionary under Game 7, I got this is Kobe Bryant.
Wow.
home is relaxing.
Watching march madness right now and flying out tomm morning.
Thanks for the RT!
God doesn't always sayyes to our requests but from my exp, his No always turns into a resounding Thank u Lord down the road.
Jer 29:11
We used to be so close.
Now.
its like I don't even know you anymore.
follow back papi
I should try Coors again, now that I have a beer palate, maybe there's a lot of flavor I missed
Mowing the grass is for peasants!!!..
but I'm on a rider..
so I'm cool ....
lol
Lmaoo RT : RT : YOU EVER GET A WIFF OF A GIRLS ASS DURING SEX AN AINT NOTHING GONNA STOP YOU?
Just signed up for CreativeCups2013 at !
Now I just have to think of an awesome bra design...
Not yet.
Been working on other stuff.
Haven't had the chance think it through.
Sincerely hate when people don't answer
Oscar time!
Looking at our snack spread you'd think it's Superbowl Sunday
Your tea cup gadget is amazing.
Please tell me it's real.
great episode last night
me too
I know the girls been on this, but Love On Top go hard
PSU hoops star just rolled in to the to mix it up with
Wow!
UCONN is awful!
That might be the worst offensive sets I have ever seen in the last 5 min.
David Slade's existential tweets about the future are goin in right now
come back to Chicago!
but he got to fucked up bro lmao, ima go night night bye :
We're having another Consumer Day TOMORROW at the on the lower level by Sears.
Stop by our table from 12 noon to 5pm.
I want to go to LA
Be out on the turnpike early with an edcamp sign.
One of the NY/NE attendees will give you a lift
JSG new project  The Ten is a highly curated monthly online exhibit of ten photographic images.
still has to finish his sentence for the doctorg charge
Thank you VERY much!
God's word IS precious!
Have a blessed weekend!
Lmfaaooo , sorry !
ii can't tell you my age .
ii was a star at a concert ?
i got a VIP backstage w.
Selena Gomez .
RT : Get off the bench this summer!
Time to make ur training plans.
Will u become an Overdog?
u will if u train w/ us!
LOL, you doctorggie!!
There's a chill in the air but we're heating things up with our 5 margaritas tonight!
Be sure to join us!
Dude, run out and go see it.
Awesome movie.
You will NOT be disappointed.
yea I knooowww...: lol for real?
I would love to help with their online dashboard UX.
It's kinda not easy right now :
where is my Samsung Infuse update!?
If it's really coming by the end of August, ATT better get going!
Is that the one with Bill Pace?
I'm a songwriter  my publisher sent a song I wrote called SPECIAL CHILdoctorN 2 ur company, I also sent it 2 Susie,have u heard it yet!
Well, that's the game.
Score there, we can come back.
Not without cashing in there.
Oh well...
I believed...
till now.
iPads are available for checkout to GSLIS students!
Just stop by the and ask!
Being a mother is a privlage not a priorty.
Looking forward to Cindy Selfe tomorrow at
the nativity scene shouldn't have been put up, so I understand why the sign is up.
Normally, I wouldn't like the sign up.
New tunes are sounding dope.
We're stepping things up, get ready!
Yes!
I'm gonna love the feeling of manliness I feel after I built it
I will pass this information to Putin RT Santorum blasts POTUS hot mic moment as very disturbing.
Mispronounces Medvedev
OMG, I just realized follows me!
I'm so happy!!!
Max is doing good.
Growing like crazy!
What do you have planned for the 1st bday?
It's coming up quick!
haha your good!
But all I can say is I want one of those!!!
That's like an explosion of flavor!
Also, we must find a reason to visit KY and check out LVL1 because they are doing some crazy things with it.
eye balls bloodshot red as hell
Wore my favorite tshirt today to the UK library.
Was warned at circ to be careful.
Yelled at on ride home for wearing red.
Ops
i'm a waste of your time?
ohh ok.
Thanks for the RTs!
, ,
Lol RT : Most Libra's pack on the pounds because they love sweets, cakes, cookies and avoid exercise.
So hungry and tired I might bring back an old staple of my Mom's  the English Muffin pizza!
I spent it in San Diego with my fiance's family.
: ...
And is this Chuck??
You are very right!
I think the Forbes series was a real stunner to many people.
RT : My brother is visiting Chicago for the first time.
He went to Twin Anchors tonight.
So jealous.
Must eat ribs now.
Will u said it before I could type it!
Good Evening
Why is everyone talking about crawfish today?
Happy Labor Day from the MobiDeals  Baltimore Team!
We hope you enjoy your long weekend :
Whos all in school right now wanting to blow your brains out??
Que mal.
I had nine or so, but they all met bad ends.
Storms, coop failures, savage poodles.
I keep thinking it's time to try again!
Hahaha...
I know but superr true my dear3
dopest fucking video concept ever.
Holy shit.
Me and are amazed.
The ignorant and the wise are both engaged in action.
But their mental attitudes towards action differ greatly.
I wish I was perfect so I could satisfy everyone
once around the reservoir....
Enjoy!
Thanks for visiting The Lube!
I need a manager...
no seriously I do!
Have so much going on right now I can't keep up.
Watched it twice so a friend of mine could see it.
He had no idea it was an upcoming series.
As I am an actor myself, plz follow.
Thinking I need some audio books read exclusively by the voice of PureMichigan.
So soothing.
You give people the tools to do whatever they want and they will do it to the point of absurdity.
I'm gonna give my son the best life I can because he deserves it 
Thank you to the Capitol Weather Gang for their SOTG2011 forecasts each week!
It is a terrible thing to see and have no vision.
Helen Keller
Just arrived at the DLDDinner in Palo Alto  looking forward to an interesting evening!
Client's boss demands that we have a tour.
Homeland Sec.
involved.
Fortunately, less invasive than TSA clearance endured to get to client.
Bethlehem!
12And may your house be like the house of Perez whom Tamar bore to Judahthrough the offspring which the LORD will Torah 91/99
Toby Keith and Trace Adkins show was great!!
The Pearl is a great venue!!
Loving these : My mom taught me how to cook and play the bass guitar.
She gave me the tools to be me.
Happy Easter!
Time to eat a chocolate covered jesus candy!
Shopping for tools with my dad is like shopping for clothes with a woman
Do you have a recipe for that?
Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Eleanor Roosevelt
going to unfollow whoever is not following me, so late replies everyone :
on top of my 2L bottle!
can u imagine if that cat never had injuries?
This is true.
clue what up!!!
can u play that To The Top by Ja Rule off PIL2?
please RT!!!
Your coach is a shithead, tho
thanks for the support.
Cheers guys!
At a great entrepreneur seminar with the ccet and tvc.
welcome darling!
Yes it is time.
Pure physical sensation,social status, sexual attraction, feeling like a winner are generally superficial,people hunger for them repeatedly
timee for bed!
Hello 9 am wake up call...
:
hey friend  good to hear from you.
thanks for the love and we love you!
and we mean it :
THIS  RT : I feel like Bristol Palin is trying to be and failing miserably.
Countin down the days til New Orleans.
Soo excited it's unreal !!
: Assassins Creed I  You know Ubisoft are trying to milk that series now lol.
You can also watch movies on youtube also.
Currently listening to Indian music on youtube!
:
niallwhipshispenis back and forth!
just whip!
i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it
I SEE PEOPLE OMN TWITTER STEALING MY NAME, IM DA 1  ONLY SUPA VILLIAN...EVEN HAD NERVE 2 SPELL IT THE WAY I DO....
FUCK OUTA HERE
action pay per view
only 3 hours away from game 5 cant wait!!!
eating my feelings this evening someone try and stop me
Nope.
No one actually knows how to use it, ala hater RT : can i get a solid definition of what trolling is?
heehee..that's why u  I get along so well..:
Here's one to keep in mind: Aug4 in Harrisburg PA w/ , , and others TBA.
Details when I find out:
Clark atlanta is live...I love it out here!
haha, you dont disturb me, its fine:
Yay for that.
RT : Tomorrow will be better.
We'll all wake up as non assholes.
I'm thinking about trying to lose 20 pounds and grow 4 inches, any tips?
cut the tips off plastic grocery bags and stuff your toes in those, under your socks, inside your shoes, under wool oversocks:
What in the world!!!!
That's what happens when you mix up your Twitter feed and your text message screen.
Dangerous!
hush diamen lol I got to crystal house in 5 min doin 80 at 320 am with construction
Go ahead Portland, Close more schools!
Make classes bigger!
Kids these days don't need a real education anyways :rollseyes:
is now asbestosaware.
Happy New Year!!
Happiness, Health and Prosperity in 2011!!
crazy that we felt it!
Thanks.
Can you tell your friends to follow him?
He really wants to get to 1k
John Kerry, unusually pithy: No supercommittee can succeed with Grover Norquist as its 13th member.
bet they just go with Mo.
Some Phillies guy from the '40s I think had his initials retired.
You know you're fat when you giggle and your tummy jiggles when you laugh.
W/
coming out for Yolandas bday at Plan B?
the physical Rave Archive lives in our house.
On the road home.
Goodbye OzArkies.
Can't wait to see my girls.
Joe Walsh is insanely good!!!
Go Kent This song, not so much!!!
Happy Happy Birthday to You!!
Miss u Friend!
I thought Misery was okay.
Stand By Me was decent too.
But that's just me.
: Have you seen them?
:
SWEET!
Today is a high of 54F No lazy Sunday's here Time for adventure!
We are testing out some of our new tour routes ;
She think they gone beat her up n she scared
w.e idgaf....I shouldn't anyways...
Norway should change its laws!
Longest punishment; 21 years in prison!
Can get out after serving 78 years if good behavior!
Outrageous!
smelling fresh coffee to finish work day :
Wonderful weekend of local music, camping and characters  Unistock.
Look for my upcoming event documentary.
Loudoun music scene rocks!
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSayhe got me gone off the dick....more like woo we im glad he gone!
Date night at the movies :
sold out so quickly...you'd think they would pick a bigger place
I'm smitten with so most of my comments to her are like, Bbbddeh...Pretty!...ggoll.
Haha!
I wish i knew how to play the doctorms or the piano they are both dope instruments atleast i think so lol

it could be the heat or you're not eating right.
yeah, that's right.
mama's tweeting.
Interesting idea, but the images are far, far more developed and complex than that.
They also have a quality that seems to...
Thanks for the FF mention!
Remember Hey Arnold?
Rugrats?
CatDog?
Rocket Power?
Kenan  Kel?
The Amanda Show?...
When Nickelodeon made sense.
okay, bottle.
Sip.
Bottle.
Guzzle.
I'm a bad bitch, no muzzle.
Eh?
3
this guy is at my house to change our blinds and he keeps on swearing, its kinda funny lmao
Patrick Hutchinson :win a pair of MarshallHeadphones?
RT this, then answer: What is roadie Hutch's real name?
Do you guys get to keep all those cool shirts you wear?
jackets tonight
Referees for Game 1 in Boston b/w the Celtics and 76ers: Greg Willard, James Capers and David Jones.
Sounds like a threeman bluegrass band.
Do it.
No excuses.
Right on!
On a related note, I heard Manson was denied parole again today until 2027.
Headed for Jen Bervin and Derek Beaulieu at Segue.
no worries mate, glad you had a good time!
What did you have to eat?
that is such a horrible thing to say seriously if you dont like her leave it at that there is no
Excited about using Logic Pro 8 software in the recording studio.
Lots to learn, but ready to dive in.
Music lesson slots filling up.
need blunts bruh
Stop by to see our friends from to win fun prizes!
schoolmemories singing at lunch everyday with all the girls
Pretty telling that Vogel's out there on the frontlines, while Skiles sits stone faced.
Sweet!!!
I don;t know what the fuck MAVTV is but I see if I have it.
Online maybe?
Love SXSW!!!
You should come out to Warehouse Live tonight we are bringing the most played artist from SXSW Cody Jasper!
Google unloads an ereader that taps into its own bookstore.
Will this change the fact that no one buys books at the Google bookstore now?
That's sad.
Jonathan Frid, the man who played Barnabas Collins died last Friday.
I wish my 23 year old self would teach my 28 year old self how to flirt!
Had such an amazing time at 's lil sistas' music recital!!
We should try to be as inspired by music as all these kids are.
If everyone stood 2 feet back from the baggage claim carousel, there would probably still be war, famine, etc, but I would be less annoyed.
Great seeing you too.
Let's get that coffee soon.
Woohoo we're celebrating another WebDAMiversary!
Congrats we're enjoying every day of your customer success managing
: RICK ROSS SHOULD MAKE A MIXTAPE CALLED SORRY 4 THE WEIGHTdat some funny shit
For you I bleed myself doctor.
Yellow by Coldplay.
Friends of the show called IU over OSU and said we'd be 'Tebowing' in January.
do we get free doctornks if we come to your bar?
:
We are 3 likes away from 200 Facebook fans!
Share our page and share the Chevy LOVE 3
I DON'T WANNA LOSE YOU TONIGHT
UHUH, NO WAY.
Uh, pool party anyone?
RT : man i miss my mom
well a little after july when we finish the ep!
Yay going to Port Dickson today WE!
mood: desprate :
glad you found it helpful!
Do you have others to add to the list?
Gone head girl, claim yo throne.
Saw this eposide goin to sleep
Just starting a week at the beach.
Bittersweet since my Father in law is recovering in hospital from bypass.
But he's better every day!
wow really???
whos your sister
Watching Winter's Bone on demand to rounding out all Best Pic.
nominees before
Bursts of energy then BAM tuckered out.
Waking up from a nap recharged.
Waking up at 6:30 on the dot when I need to sleep in is annoying...
Irene  Melville NY  Lots of rain.
Some wind.
Not nearly as bad as anticipated
.
Quoting Yogi Berra If you don't know where you're going, you are unlikely to get there
Ladies  Gentlemen Remede is where it's at!
Before came into my life I missed him so bad.
you got the same minion as me!
White Sox opening day.
Let's go Sox.
Don't let your RecordsManagement program scare you...
TheDataVault is here to assist you!
Have a HappyHalloween !
My Life a Marathon If I Die Today, Would You Rep Tomorrow or Will This Fade Away
Is there a way to fossilize cake?
If not, is there a way to ossify, THEN fossilize cake?
I need a new job 
No problem, your welcome!
feels like an epic night is upon us.
What's good bro?
You good?
ohh no, sick cats are so sad.
What happened?
congrats on winning two junos!!!1 so proud of you!
:
Mormon doctornking games: Jamaican style ginger beer shots, followed by a bite of a lime wedge.
Thanks
spider where are youu!?!?!
cant sleep knowing you're in my room!
diving the lake w/ this Sunday then off to Florida w/ I've forgotten what warm water feels like
Who said anything about iPhones?
I'm talking on my web server that hosts my email accounts.
Feb 18 recording list announcement soon.
Have a favorite song of ours you want for full recording.
Not too late.
Leave your recommendation.
: awesome!
I'm so excited that Brandi and Dana retreated my rap about the RHOBH!
Letsclaireify.blogspot.com
On the game.
Smh I need someone to sleep next to thats why im still up
Ditto that!
You know it bring your mother,father.sister grandma to bruins 2dollardoctorft Denise !!!!!!
Yes u should.
Streaming online free on Hulu.
Watch it and you'll know why I just mentioned it.
As soon as a rival sees you as competition, you've already won.
Did you know?!
In the U.S., there are about 15,000 vacuum cleanerrelated accidents YOU'RE WELCOME!
Ready to be off work, only 4 more hours!
At least it's
u should listen to the atreyu version of that song...
Or go with real true friends who I don't have to please and they're fine with me the way I am.
Yah I choose the second one.
so deep carla.
How u been?!?
Love the new track btw!!!!
Back in the US!!!!
: I know i said i wasn't going to tweet during playoffs but i couldn't resist.
That's why
Happy birthday!!
I hope you have a great day!
how dare you!
Rocks!
feel better!!
im playing prototype 2 and every now and then the walking dead
Anyone know of a 40 automatic die cutter that can handle 9mm chipboard stock?
That's some thick stuff!
DM me if you do.
www.BRAUSSE.com
My mom has seen every episode of that show and quotes it daily...hahaha
I'm back, thanks for welcoming me with open arms today!
But when is naptime?
That's hilarious if true.
RT : Cuonzo in play at Illinois?
Only at UT.
: Cant be true, right?
Ugh.
I got asked the biggest weakness question.
I hate that one.
Still holding .
.
.
Oh noes!
Hoping this research effort isn't doctorven by need to understand a real situation at your school.
History has repeatedly demonstrated that new companies and entrepreneurship are the way to bolster a flagging economy.
Who else thought the education lady on the career panel looked like matt smith?
NEWBORN KITTENS!
I shot a reply.
Thanks for passing along.
I'll see what it is all about.
I haven't uploaded pictures of my cat to fb in at least six months!
What kind of a pet owner am I??
wts up wit u
come on Lumpy, take a dump!
Take a dump Lumpy!!!
new yorker yelling at his dog outside my window
reflection time is a creeper issue in this realm.
Going to matter more and more
Reminder: This is twitter.
This is not a therapy session.
woah woah woah Can i be in this?
Idint know what it is though
Happy mother's day to all the amazing mums out there.
does the ac and heater work?
Six roles of moral leadership.
1  the Needler.
Robert Egger.
Dorothy Day.
The ones who say the kind has no clothes.
quick hood question: is sagging still cool?
I've been waiting for years for that fad to run its course but I've seen it a lot today
Ha!
check it out: RT : Working on another story with Johnny Gannon.
He knows everything
Happy holidays gerlie!
Hope they're joyful and full of sparks!
The rich caramel color of my joe reminds me of the smooth, silky skin of my last lover.
I swirl it with finger only to watch it turn paler.
cnndialogues :the regimes are saying: see what is happening in Egypt and Libya?
Do you want that?
She says YES!!
Big applause.
Anyone have a link to Bob  Jim's postgame show on FSW from Game 1?
Goodnight World!!!
Hope everyone has a blessed week :
Did someone say Beer Pong?
Tomorrow is the final game of our summer doctornking games tournament!
Come
: Small biz are very, very cost conscious, too.
They don't want to hear about what they can't afford anyway.
SHRMChat true
I should be arriving in SLC late Wednesday night, and leave Sunday morning, so we'll figure out a time to meet up eventually.
The key to happiness: Stop trying to be someone else's idea of perfect.
oh you mean yeah he is pretty sweet.
I don't know how to help you.
I don't know what to say or do.
I just know that I am here for you...today...tomorrow...when you need me...
HiS FRIENDLY ASS
Did anyone notice the Aloha shirt.
Gotta love casual Friday at the office.
Hope that everyone stayed warm this weekend.
MT : If fact, can you name even one effective growth policy?
//Not a Lib, But does Unemployment Count?
thank you thats very nice :
About to be super late!
We are casting for the pilot 'Smash'.
A NBC show featuring Katharine McPhee and Debra Messing.
Call 2123914668 or 2123918483 for info
Where is everyone watching fireworks tonight?
If weed is ever legalized, the commercials would be so funny.
why can I not follow you?
:
If you were in my shoes..
you'd live life the same way
Urban Tour Host Team present last night at the Little Haiti Optimists, Opening of Postgraffitism at Cafeina and New Art Space on Flagler
RT : I want the US housing industry to offer highly efficient energywise houses as is built in Sweden.
Plz RT
and suddenly it becomes a busy day.
Trauma, adenocarcinoma, Factor 10A...this is why I love working in a hospital!
COCOA HIGH SCHOOL MATE
GETTING READY TO HEAD OUT TO REJECTS SPORTS BAR!!
COME WATCH THE PLAYOFFS WHILE YO BOY MIXES IT UP!!
already I gotta stay focus
why are people shooting at churches?
Fatty Cue on Carmine plus hoochbythebottle plus weirdos plus maca powder is definitely getting weird!
Yo!
Did you get my Facebook message?
thanks my man, the food and wine are quickly making up for it!
What comes around goes around like a hula hoop.
:
some vimeos don't work on ipads and iphones, but if you get to a laptop or desktop you should be fine.
Doc Harvard Park covers Darryl Strawberry's youth in Compton.
Now streaming on Thot u mite b curious.
agoodboyfriend is a man who believes in all your crazy hopes and doctorams....
and learns to just deal with your crazy b/c he loves you 3
Have a good wknd...wherever you're at!
hey this is mandie.
He is is jail u did not see it on the news.
You got that right D...
Thanks for helping me overcome mental barriers so I can enjoy my blessings in 2012
Sitten in indus tech with hannah:D
Of course!
Did you scream!?
Critics expect me to underachieve.
Girls dont doctorss for boys, they doctorss for themselves.
If girls doctorssed for boys, theyd just walk around naked all the time.
you gonna intercept that tornado?
Dear can you please inform your announcers that Bright Dike's last name is pronounced 'deekay'?
Very insulting.
Procrastination could've delaying your blessing.
ya what do you need help with
Sure sweetie :
There's only one life and one love so there can only be one king
: MM My heart is overflowing with love for these people...
Clean up on Aisle 12 ...
haha.
Love you too girl!
Dont miss happy hour at PPAIEXPO booth 4353, 4:30pm!
beach with my cheer team!
;D HOW BOUT YOU?!
Rainier tastes better at work.
song request 'just came to say hello' plug it in for section 116!
I'm not positive, but I'm guessing you're in L.A..?
;
The essence of philosophy is that a man should so live that his happiness shall depend as little as possible on external things....
what day of the week is that?
Ladies free all night tonight
RT : One of the BEST DPR Events: 12th Annual Heart to Hart Tennis Experience at Southeast Tennis and Learning Center  Saturday 93!!
Deron Williams is out tonight with a stomach virus against Portland, who owns New Jersey's 2012 pick, which is top3 protected.
RT: : I don't know why people like raves or go to them .
there oughta be a rule: no talking politics at the dog park.
All hail paperbag man
SMASH TIME!
Get your Uma on!
Hank, take your religious trolling elsewhere.
Traider's Joe I won't trade you for anything ; So glad I found you!
Scary and exciting, no?
Haha!
I wish.
My bf out here looking like a bum...
And we are thrilled to have you back!
oh my god hahahah shaking 
Lt.
Gov.
Joe Garcia is leadoff witness.
Says he and Gov.
Hick both support ASSET bill.
Tonight would have been way more fun if it was ALLINCLUSIVE like Big Night on NYE.
Finally got some pizza after 5 days
300 followers in two days!
This system has been getting a lot
hopefully tomorrow!
I just got off the phone with Rora, she's figuring stuff out c:
Whatever Busta Rhymes just said.
Well I got to show off my clapping and smiling acting skills today.
HaHa!
Joke's on me.
Greinke almost hit one outwarning track to Left center
haha oh ok
Right on big guy.
RT Already told hmom I'm gonna stop diet.
Besides I'm not slim, I ll get sick soon.
My shape is very fat!
Need an exercise more!!
Movie Review: The Raven Crows With Brooding Intrigue, but Is Ultimately a Bore Review in a Hurry: Nevermore?
Try never mind.
The Raven
Watching the jerzathon
GoIrish Sad to see Aaron Lynch go but sometimes It's best to cut a man loose, even if he is a beast
Please follow as he nears 500 followers.
One of our greatest presidents!
I've been listening to 's Being There album this evening and I forgot how great it is.
Don't listen to it much.
Will the Yankees make it?
Versatile Vander Pluym Brings Wide Range of Talents to New SPEED Show  Stuntbusters CHARLOTTE, N.C.BUS
Last lab of the semester!
Leggo
yep saw it too :D
Planning on exercising less to keep the hunger at bay?
I'm appalled that you allow users to promote death threats!
I'm talking about the account Pull his account now!
I would if I could.
Was just reading a SPED blog.
It's remarkable how many people use negativereinforcement synonymously with punishment.
Going to eat the carrots and get better eyesight.
whatever dog it is, it's better than yours:
Ayo I'm tired of using technology
looking forward to playing Rockpaper this Saturday night!
D3, you come out.
I'm gonna play you into the ground.
Damn somebody just bought a bottle and that bih came out in a CAGE!!
THE F!?
Ive got so much to give, i just wanna share it with everyone!
Get me somewhere people need help and wisdom.
I wanna teach without teaching.
Sneakers say a lot about me, my personality, my style and my mood.
3
Humans continue to become stronger and live longer, computers are faster and smarter like us...both are still beaten by simple viruses!
very nice!!
I agree with Carrie, Skylar!!
: You're amazing, girl!
Now hurry up and get to Nashville!
Is there any way I could contact you regarding cinematic music videos for your clients?
Gettimg ready to study :o
75 degrees and sunny in San Diego today!!
Jealous?
Think like a man , HELLA funny !
: 
happy fuckin' birthday!
If your on Spring Break this week contact me to the the EXCLUSIVE locations of our underground beach parties..
Thanks for the support!
Blessings!
Nolan Fox has mastered riding a twowheeler thanks to the Strider bike his dad won playing cribbage at my house!
I assembled it...American Girl made it ;.
Merry Christmas!
Buxton, get Netflix, immediately, proceed to lost about 3 hours of productivity per day
Have a minute?
www.knowledgesafari.com click blog.
A reader has a ?
abt autism, a new dx, where to begin!
Can u help?
man this grown man food...
This food will tear the lining out your stomach....
You wouldn't like me if I was angry.
cracks me up that at my homebase bar, all the regulars introduce whoever they doctorg in to the bartenders.
Once you build a high traffic website other business opportunities will arise.
Be open to make more revenue from complementary sources.
Today is Love Day and i LOVE YOU 33
It is fantastic.
I had a salad  R had this amazing chicken.
I want to go back  try the whole menu.
Relatively reasonable, too.
My 606th tweet goes out to just because She's amazing c: I love her :3
made it to the office  yay!
Thanks for spreading the vermont love in SF on a friday afternoon!
we're cooking dinner tonight for a friend!
any chicken dish suggestions?
lol i think i should
Small world.
I lived on Klanggasse my summer at the Jdisches Museum and walked by Rotensternstrasse every day.
Working on space usage of a new office space and test kitchen in Kenesaw Ga.
And if you listen to the podcast, he's not messing around.
He's being very, very serious.
Thanks for the shout out!
Our Talent Show Dis Firday.,!
: Lets She Who Gotd Talent.,?
To be positive at all times is to ignore all that is important, sacred or valuable  Kurt Cobain
yeah!
We can't wait to celebrate all the mamas with you, Fiona  Puss In Boots this weekend at Celebrate Mama
Doing the radio thing on Listen for the latest on the GOP candidates here in WI today, and Mega Millions!!
Plus weather  sports!
Omegle, because I have no real friends.
Weis Markets offers instore flu clinics

I'll never get to lick him....
Braces or no braces I'll still love you no matter what,I promise3 iloveyousomuch Mahomie4Life 33
Fatherson baseball moments are the best.
i am going to your concert in 2013 i love u
You're here?
Only If you hate doctorpping nanni juice on em ...
Lol
see what God has for you  refine the vision  clear and accurate discernment via
If we're growing, we're always going to be out of our comfort zone.
John Maxwell
they never like the parts of the Bible that apply to them
Currently using wifi on a bus in Hong Konga reminder of how much the U.S.
needs to improve their transportation.
South Dakota has not addoctorssed whether epidemiological studies require a RR  2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
I'm always here for you when you need me, so why can't you be here for me when I need you?
I've got Skype on my iPod, that would probably work.
sorry I missed you!
I went over right after my tweet.
Hope you had a good time in Boston proper.
I like how I get the severe weather text for the warnings at 12:45.
The exact time that the warnings expired.
My sister ruins all my plans 
You are one in a million.
ATL FOLLOW Up and COMING Rapper NOW
Rip Borders.
:
Place.
Aerial.
Play  w Bong.
someone copied my debit card in Arizona and bought Christmas presents....
I am not happy with
2DC!
now 1,000 strong...join the massive...Respect !
bought  downloaded the app but never really used.
Perhaps I should give it a go, combined with IFTTT, thx for the tip.
Thanks for the follow Like your Rothko, too.
your so cute omg
Instruction does not prevent wasted time or mistakes; and mistakes themselves are often the best teachers of all.
James Anthony Froude
RT : An incredibly gorgeous day!
Enjoy Yours, every miraculous second!
It's all Yours, What will You Do with It?
Lori Moreno
I feel it in my fingers, I feel it in my toes...
Christmas is all around me and so the feeling grows!
Day 23 with our a cigarette!
Fuck you cigarettes!
nice to meet you too!
Hope to see you at the next meetup.
Rock and Roll.A.Blunt..
It just hit me that I had some sort of doctoram with Braden Holtby and pho.
How did you know?!?
Expchat :
Me: I have a nosebleed Mother: have you been using cocaine?
Me: No Mother: pussy
Happy Mother's Day Milwaukee beautiful day :
The question is not whether we will die, but how we will live.
glad you liked my pic big boy!
Sending an autographed Kobe Bryant ball to you right now!
I really wanna sleep I'll start it tmw I got no sleep lastnight lol !
truth is i like being single, truth is im lying :
My name is  I like doctorke better than tupac.
waitin on the bae to call we got alot to talk about tonite
Hope everyone is indoors  staying warm!
If you have to travel, make sure you have a flashlight  extra food and water in your car.
he already finished his homework
Hello, April 
Christmas Countdown begins!
Specials are here for you.
We at Galaxy Digitizing are here at your services.
I'm free pretty much any day after six.
And I don't know, Blizzard is just being a dick.
It's all good, screw that game.
:P
I hate how life isn't fair
Are u coming over or what?
The road less traveled may be rough and scary but still worth the adventure
Come on bro, I'm running out of patience ;
This is a pivotal moment in our history.
If Romney wins  the GOP controls Congress  thus the SCOTUS, darkness will descend...
Latinos Hate White Neighbors.
They Always Get Mad Cuz The Bachatas Too Loud Or The Carne Asada Is Making The Grill Smell Burnt.
Be Coo Bro
Just got off wrk and we r arguing already...I need a vacation asap....
thanks for taking care of Ashton this weekend he loves his uncle vinny!!!
Why do Seattleites complain so much about the weather?
it's gonna be 55 degrees here today  and sunny!
Cant upload my video on your website can I just send you a vimeo link?
Def.
noticed lack of the big man with the Boss.
Rt : Thanks, LL.
I rescind my last tweet.
Good job,
Am I just a re  bound ?
Like seriously wtf
idk if someone hates on Austin there gonna wish they were dead cus no one messes with my man..
its not a lie....
Haha
NU DTA  RUGUE ON DECK!!
SHT IS SWEET OVER HERE  NWC GUD DEALS  CHEAP THRILLS WE HOLD U DOWN  WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes
Operationbirthday.
Now in effect.
It's almost here
It's followalibrary day!
Follow and
I ain't got no nigga, I'm throwed off that liquor....
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans
keep writing good work Paul
44: You're a cutie: Tweet me more!
Love your work.
Please follow me.
Fellow filmmaker.
and so is
having to get up early all this week 
that scooby doo was the scariest show ever..
MISTER ROGERS ON TIME POLLUTION: that our world needs more time to wonder and reflect about what is inside.
I didn't, unfortunately.
I already sent an email to that addoctorss.
Please let me know if there's a way to still get tix.
Thanks!
hey guys I'm fat.
up watching this law  order community episode...
lmao.
Do you know anyone looking to hire?
Just thought I'd throw that out hahI'm looking.
Pick up that sax and play on!
RT How long you guys gonna talk about famous girl and when you guys gonna realize they are not getting back together!!!
Let me know a time Fri I will be there!
If I know someone's fishing for compliments or trying to get attention, I absolutely refuse to give it to them.
Fresh out da shower
...magical some might call it.
3
once again has interwebz at home.
No more support group is necessary.
Five Spice Roasted Pork Banh Mi with foie mayo, cukes, pickles on a French Bag
she did amazing job
SHE pays homage to ancestors kujichagulia ujima she pops and locks to sweet honey  the rock
I would hate to look in the mirror all the time  see you.
I'm tired of seeing Mothers Day stuff...
Especially when Fathers Day aint gone even look this..
Sad
Outta sight outta mind
takeashower lol it was the taco not me!!
I looked up my people in Wikipedia lately, after mentioned it.
Recent edits had sanitized; you can guess what I exclaimed.
My sinuses are stuffy: ughh it hurts
tell everyone to bring 7.75 to the bookstore tomorrow.
Who's paying for the extra shirts?
Too funny.
Repub friends can't stand it that Prez Obama pulled trigger on OBL.
One year later, OBL is still dead.
Romans 8:28 all things work together for the GOOD!
Amen!!!
The West Coast doesn't consist of just California cities, you know.
Oh , I sense a little sexism in your pintermission campaign.
Did you know Facebook is stickier?
7 SEAS BREWING Gig Harbor today : Beer, BBQ , live music by Perry Acker, Shy Boys, China Davis and SweetKiss Momma.
Thank you for the follow!
Check us out On Music Mondays!
So according to studies a lady's favorite day and time for sex is Saturdays at 11:00 pm.
Exactly 100 years ago the Titanic sank.
Chilling, horrifying, scary stuff.
so clean!!
Blessed we were wondering if u could bless us with a few doctorps/jingles for the radio show.
RED ROSE 
Disappointing loss to say the least....Aggies, maybe you should have stayed in the Big12!
Oh wait, can't beat them either!!
Wonderful FREE PUBLIC READING late nite!!!
Great audience.
And, through several generous donations, we received our grant matching goal!!!
All the windows are open, too.
Over thinking will ruin you..
RT : So cool!
Over 1700 given today so far to help cpstudents go to shift2012 greatful // Seriously AWESOME!
: Thanks for all the support!
Updates on where to sample soon
Sudoku then sleep, got to keep my brain healthy lol
if the teen novel DIFFERENT sells well, INDIGO TREE PUBLISHING intends to also translate DIFFERENT into Chinese as it did with BUZZ this yr
Thanks for the follow!
We will be in your neck of the woods in October  November treating a mural
Mexican food for lunch!
Yumm
This Saturday, take a tour of an LA neighborhood, then connect with Angelenos from around the city at the Found LA Celebration!
Atwater...
Come to CityHeat on Harris Blvd in CLT to celebrate my birthday!
Food/doctornk specials n watch the games on tv.
NO COVER CHARGE
wcphilly How to promote your blog posts: You will probably spend more time promoting your posts than actually writing them.
The championship of that league im running in is tomorrow night.
You should come thru.
Pause .we play and 9 if we win.
Ugh, no wants to catch tonight's Thunder game?!?
Oh like the wizards or whatever team you cheer for is so awesome.
Hm...
I might need to stop by and touch that tree up before we call it finished.
You home tomorrow?
THX for the mentions!
There are only two options regarding commitment, You're either in or your out.
There's no such thing as life in between.
Thank you BCU for becoming the new BOA.
Good to know that credit unions have become big business as well.
What is yo sexy ass doing tonight?
Lol
October 6 ZuZu brings back 1.00 breakfast Tacos 3 ingredients fresh handmade tortillas salsa bar and more.
Are u Ready??
Try eating organic, or as your grandparents used to to call it: regular ass food.
I wish all gifts could be just the thought.
DeCourcy quoted : Gutenberg Press probably produced a lot of crap before printing the 42line Bible; yeah, but THATS INCUNABLE!
LOL
I still know the way to make your make up run.
talk to me girl!!
Dear paranoid people who check behind their shower curtains for murderers, if u do find one, what's your plan?
We can no longer tweak old curriculum to meet new needsdeSigning curriculum is taking on a new face
Just got a peak at the prize list for 2night's WarmBellies Twitter Party!
I get to give them away with my pals at 7pm ET!
On your journey to success, there are others out there that might count you out, but it's up to you to keep pushing and prove them wrong.
RD
Nothing says hoodoctort more than a broad with her ponytail cocked to side
hey you!
are you coming tonite?!
i miss you!
Amazing how stupidly ignorant people are now a days.
And if you've been following me this whole time, how come I haven't seen you behind me?
Huh?
Huh?
Welcome back to New England Jabar Gaffney!
Guess we gotta reschedule this session, again, huh?
bring me back a Hurricane!
TAKE ME BACK
What's good Columbus?!
thank you : x
Thanks, man!
Expect to get some links to other stories soon!
haha okay Bryan
Time is the best teacher; unfortunately it kills all of its students.
yooo i miss tess she knew how to have fun haha
a really balanced editorial.
palin doctorves me nuts and is one of those dumb like a bunny smart like a fox kinda people..
never even heard of that lol
they are so rude to do that
i have got so many thoughts in my head tonight
good luck.
Where is it at?
Hey Eastman folks: is Harold doing his annual leap day concert this time around?
have a walkman delivered to you by carrier pigeon.
I should give away a free iPad so people don't focus on my lack of substance.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Up for a Fabulous Fish Fry?
See you today from 118
He wants me to wear a green doctorss, have straight hair with sparkles and black shoes.
He is wearing red and yellow after his dad cut his hair
use an injector the kind cooks use to inject meat with marinade that should work ?
Goodluck !
very lovely.......love your pic.
AmenRT : Everybody has flaws, learn to accept them because there not perfect and neither are you..
I really thought the Knicks were going to come out and fight.
It would have been a idea to guard the alltime 3pointer though LOL!
ohh, sorry, like i cant find my camera, and ipod :P sorry, maybe next time :
Salem Young Pros meeting this morning had great talks today about the state of the local economy and what to expect for 2011.
On the first night of Hanukkah I could have used a candle...twohour blackout in Aruba.
No car.
No money.
Online Slots?
I'm game!
I don't doubt that!!
Get money get money that's all that's on my mind.
Mama like new and expensive things.
That's all I know.
Well today wasn't the best Monday ever fail.
Tuesday will be a better day.
Staying focused
hey just read the post about the imposter....lets kill em all!
you should think about being a commentator.
your play by play is as good as your jokes :
Giving thanks and love to my great family and friends.
Enjoy your families.
Enjoy your life.
Enjoy.
Daddy, I always thank God for you!
For the simple things that you have done to me and for the kids.
I will always love you!
!
NightMarket.
That spyce.
Hollywood.
You know, talented actors can get paid well to do their craft in an intimate setting when lights/seats/lobby are out of the equation.
lol mayb but we dnt get in brutal fight in the mosque and break the doors lol jk
SO enjoying tweets abt NATO, etc.
from yr accts.
Vicariously since too busy 2 read anything substantive
Enjoyed my WVOX jazz show, with special guest Jewel KinchThomas.
We played songs of love and romance.
Duke, Bill Evans, Patti Austin, et al
life is a beach and I'm just playin in the sand 
that mini heart attack you get when you open the door and there's a raccoon staring at you.
im guessing he went to that party.
9743; LOOK Bush Baby2 Covert Camera Dog Girl Protect Your Kids
afternoonshift The Picture of Dorian Gray
Sushi and Sake to close out the weekend...I sure do love it out here in Sunny LA.
Hope everyone had a killer weekend!
single and the love of my life its food.
nuff said bro
No problem!!!
My pleasure, mister.
Dickson.
I absolutely adore little Rachel Eliana.
You should visit with her sometime!
I hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving holiday.
:
RT : I don't like waking up early, i smoke all my weed up faster when the days r longer  aint dat the truth.
I finally could smile again , someone finally listened to me 3
cute boy is very cute except he's wearing a shirt that says epic fail
I strangely love getting the chills
WhatAWomanNeeds A Guy Who Will Protect Her Like She's His Daughter, Love Her Like She's His Wife,  Respect Her Like She's His Mother 
Guys, there's a totally cute new barista at the Copper Cup.
this one is mine!!
pleseeeee follow me back!!!
Been watching your videos every since shootusdown!!
U holding on?
Take your vitamins and rest'
Factors may give you useful information about the credit standing of your customers  allowing you to negotiate better terms with suppliers.
lol i was waiting for your reply !
i knew you'd be all up on this tweet
No kidding.
I'm glad my uncles don't interweb, they would be pissed.
Hopefully i get the job at HM.!
Oh my goodness, really?
Take heart, they may return soon!
Hey!!!
How you doing??
I'm going to text you k
Worried about the summer sun taking a toll on your skin?
Rachel discusses skincare with Stanford Dermatology this Sun  5:30pm.
All new info is useful.
Thanks for the link.
:
Hey Thanks!
Watching Indecent Proposal  a million 1994dollars is what?
1.2m today?
Stil...
Oh if quick got in that mess....
We needs monies :0
Couldn't agree more with you, mister Anderson.
Love this album.
I've missed speaking with you.
c:
Getting everything ready on the set of !
We love being here 
i got the world in my wallet swisher full of violet
When he texts me first  
Woop!
I Remember You From Your Hair!
I Really Liked It!
I Never See That Kinda Hairstyle Like Ever :3
: Call me.
Fuck this maybe shit.
like voices in our head!!!
Blue tagged items all this weekend at Diversity Thrift are 25 cents!
Clothes, housewares, all sorts of goods!
Don't miss out!
Yo I'm trying to get to the shoot!
Where's the location??
Chris Brown is an insane performer.
My instagram name is newdaynewme for a reason
I'm in MD this weekend.
But that's the spirit!
I'm glad I'll be seeing you in BK this summer ;
thanks for everything you did here in Denver, I will never forget this memorable season I wish you the best of luck in New York
has all of their display computers password protected so you are unable to test doctorve them.
Tens of thousands die in the US every year because of greed and cowardice of Senators and Congress, and/or no health care at all.
you always have the scoop.
clarification yes, the sexism in that last post was intentional.
I'm an elitist white crab, for pete's sakeso sue me.
And Take Off Sexy Vinny Tear Tear again '
Gavin literally gave me the shirt off his back today
My mom's madden name is Myers so I am part jewish but I can't stand Zionism.
Bleh.
Needs to end.
Winter from October to March is just plain depressing!
Aye!!!
Damnit!
That hurts.
Went yesterday to the gym and my legs are so soar today that I can barely walk lol been walking the whole day like a duck
Whoa!
Guess I'm on the late show!!
Hey y'all!
Currently reading: Verb by P.
Neruda
professorpassing out snacks is too clutch
SayNoMo its yours!
When you wanna get it?
Congrats on the win and making it to the playoffs
so the storm's moving away from laredo?
julian wants to see you!!!!!
I just got choked up when I read this...
Brian!
What are you up to these days?
Are you going to be in Harrisonburg around the holidays?
you missed us :
lol, nice one.
Go ahead and try taking minds off what is going on.i like the editing tho.
All the issues are important,
Oh my gosh my mom thinks am gonna be smoking tomorrow am so sure...
i swear i spoil my dogs :
I SMH At Some Baby Mama's .
Why you?
Why Not U?
It is not so much what is poured into the student, but what is planted that really counts.
Championship promotion playoffs start thurs.
winner goes 2 EPL  club earns 100 mil more/yr
The smallest good deed is better than the grandest good intention.
Duguet
I might throw up after everything I've eaten tonight.
Why didn't I wear leggings instead of these stupid jeans?
Thanks!
I'm totally beat but got a few doctornks in me and I'm ready for country dancing!
Traffic was ridiculous this morning.
If I won the Lottery for millions I'd buy the Senator Theatre in Bmore and turn it into the bar I've always wanted to have!
Movie Themed!
Looking for something part time?
We are hiring servers for lunch and dinner shifts.
Stop in to apply!
RT : The whole world seems to part way for someone who has a sense of where he or she is going.
Richard Edler...
Tonight it's soul station at casa del mar in SM, with great singer John Bigham.
8pm.
what do you want to say to ?
Send it to me :
RT : Dear Weekly Review, you are so difficult yet necessary...
Why can't I just enjoy the time we have together??
GTD 
I love when my job tells me im not friendly to people.
Im not sorry I have mentally checked out of this place haha..
So lets dance!
doctorma llama lmao
Thank you all for coming!
We are so glad you could come and volunteer!
Please thank your employees for us!
Flamenco dance class with Virginia Iglesias San Francisco Dance Center 26  7th Street  Market Street, 3rd floor/ Studio 6, 6 to 9pm ...
it was enchanting to meet you
Bosh out there giving birth to someone's love seed.
People of Distinction
Just watched doctorve with Ryan Gosling.
If only The Notebook had that much violence.
So you was cheating on me all this time?
Never listening to my heart again.
it was awesome!
i have a feeling it's going to be a new regular spot.
So, I'm not seeing a lot of tips on the Internet for Zombie Jombie, but I'm figuring out a lot on my own.
Burger King to be Nicer to Pigs, Hens: To Hell with Cows

that is so cool!
...no one rolls like me!
Back at ya!
RT : A very Happy Birthday to !!!
Good luck to all the teams playing in the Matt Dozier this weekend!
I have it on good authority that a very special guest will be making an appearance at the polarexpress Meet  Tweet tonight!
the whale?
same thing happened to me about an hour ago...wtf
In Mexico you can turn pro at 15 years old.
Kinda the method...
The internet lied to me!
Doubt we get the cover.
I'm hoping for the April 11th cover...if you know what I mean?
I love it when you call me big popppa.
everyone who has screenshots of the trend tweet it to lou!
i would but my comp doesn't let me screenshot : so do it!
iight but umm haha i can't go my.
Mader is picking mi up tomarrow n oh shit!!!wait imma message u
Kobe can't be touched in the clutch
.
singing Losing My Religion.
Wowza!
hey buddies.
You guys ready for some diving or what?
lol, I totally am!
Since when did the stereotype for middle age Jewish men become hawaiian shirts with scraggly facial hair?
Come on guys!
represent the clan!
new iPad.
I am so happy!
Kathy Lee had nice legs, does she play tennis if not I would love 2 teach her ;
your unhappiness will always be my happiness :D.
Whenever you're in a relationship everyone else is single.
When you're single everyone asks you to stop crying in public.
Looking forward to having come on this weekend!
Can't wait to see what tasty Salad Peter puts together!
Keep up the fantastic work RT I had a great workout at Happy Monday!
And I did.
RT : go take a look.
if you have a heart, you will instantly smile :
I'm halfway tempted to go see The Avengers again.....that movie was too dope.
When does Tim Kennedy fight again?
I love that man!!
A fellow warrior.
Anyone need a nw follower I'm here for ya F4F QA ask me anything.3
at any rate, be sure to work raad het woord into the greeting.
Love it.
Inspirational!
Honestly, then please believe me when I say one day soon you WILL believe it.
Congrats on volunteerism award at last night's Young professorssionals Leadership Gala!
text me right now
This has been the BEST birthday ever, and it isn't even my official birthday till tomorrow!
iloveyoumommydaddy
always love yr recipes!
That look you give your friend when someone makes a One Direction joke unintentionaly.
I'll be back.
Genius always finds genius...and head coaching jobs.
's 1st session with her CA miracle doctor went incredibly well.
Updates on her recovery and return to NBB performances soon
To keep in the spirit, Happy Good
Has nobody told TD Bank that Regis  Kelly don't work together anymore?
i know sorry baby!
33 but i had to work :
Time to get the party started, right?
the third line!
If you don't get secondary scoring, you don't advance...and good goaltending, and good defense, and...
Im not gonna chase anybody, it's as simple as that.
LOL, too cute!
Man In Coma Enters GOP Race, Already Polling Ahead Of Romney...
hahaha i could only imagin, do you have anything else for sale?
im trying to revamp my collection
Hey Everyone!
Be sure to watch Temple take on Wyoming in the Gildan New Mexico Bowl on ESPN  1pm CST/2pm ET.
Coem fill my glass up a little more.
The Scott Pilgrim Quick Look totally sold me on that game's soundtrack.
Think blink182  Mega Man
Michele if you want to help the American people get back to work ask me how.
I am a candidate like but putting people to work
I need taco bell rn
Grace and sin and information science?
Right up my alley.
Hey Beer Baron!
Can we expect to see you  Churchkey for the League of Libations tmister?
Free Magic Hat at Churchkey from 68!
I gotchu boo.
Oh no.
That makes me sad.
I have the respiratory system of an 80 yr old woman due to unopeny windows.
Be careful of what you say and the tone your readers may be perceiving.
Crushed candy heart in mail leads to building evacuation.
why did blink 182 have to cancel bamboozle : i mean i know why but it was my only chance to see them sigh
then Kentucky vs Kansas!
I love college hoops!
my days goin great: an urs?
word..i'm in atlanta..we Practically Neighbors!
Hanging with the love she is awesome as shit
that is awesome!
:
ill be going ocassionally but we're all at UF for summer
he already threw his sleeve, a head band and a handful of chalk into the crowd...
Yes, I'm ready too!
BTW, just apologized for hurting  said he got a little too excited.
Has anyone bought the new Star Wars on Bluray yet?
I can't decide if I want to give George any more of my money.
Completely floored over the power of PatientsLikeMe.
Favorite Disney princess?
Definitely Ariel!
is happy his blog is back.
Now only if bitches would read it!
Watching a show called the weiner's circle.
Lmfao.
Dont ask.
Which celebrity do you think has the best smile?
I love walmarts like that 33
Big day tomorrow.
Dinner was amazing !
It's good that it's Friday on good Friday!!!
Night in reverse dessert, dinner, cocktails.
Splendid
Really need a break from school
NHDEBATE TOTAL WASTE!
SICK OF SEEING THESE DEBATES ON COLLEGE CAMPUSES AND NOT INVOLVING THE CAMPUS AT ALL
tell me about what's happening in your head.
Just finishd Jayden's chest xray, awaitin da results, nd he can finally eat solid foods, so we r waitin for his tray to come
With all the cuts to schools, library, and rec centers, we better be funding public safety.
So glad I don't have kids.
U have a beautiful face  a beautiful mind.
Now fix your bio from right after 2 JustSaying UR a Hooligan girl!
JS
LOL I totally forgot you were at Wango Tango.
WIZZZZZ.
finally followed me!
YAY!
Gonna go vote for him some more now!
21
These school papers stressing me out somebody smart help:/
My mom loves Boyfriend by :p xD 3
If video killed the radio star, who killed the video star?
Hm.
Wishing our best to ..best wishes to you!
yes, that's what i'm talking about!
My roommate has decided he would like Psych a lot more if there weren't so many jokes.
I think he missed the point.
PREACH: Jeremy Lin on 1 leg and doped up on morphine would still be an upgrade over Baron tonight...
I think Sessions has always been Shannon Brown with a worse jumpshot.
a decent bench player when hot; not a savior.
FF favorite sports writers con't
Universal for those with health insurance through their employers.
Which is not universal.
At all.
Kimchi!
Thanks for leaving ALEC !
Appreciate you listening to us!
The opposite of love is not hate, its indifference
SMH at you..
no one will listen to you..
My body is rejecting my contact lenses...I'll be home for dinner tomorrow!
YAY
Up at ohdarkhundoctord this morning to take the wife to the hospital this morning for her surgery.
some one tried ordering from chickfila and the is no cars in the parkin lot
Morning Angel.
true friends don't leave
What are the DCFoodTrucks at Franklin Square today?
I got a posse of about 1015 people that want to experience the scene.
I love that my dad is frustrated his whole Netflix things you might like is full of Thomas the Train.
I feel like you're lying to me :
hate you
lol I legit laughed out loud
will do!
maybe next week will work.
:
There's always love to show Muahz sista
'Everybody should get out their checkbooks.
Oh, that's where this ends!'
blonde girl problems
Make sure to join my fanbridge list if you haven't already.
I just sent my members a free song that isn't available anywhere else.
Used some carrot juice pulp for making raw crackers: pulp, chia seeds, sea salt and cayenne pepper.
Really yummy and super easy!
Hey Skip Clueless, anything to say about mister Tebow now?
omfg u r so hot n im comin to Jersey to meet u so plzzz be there lol 3ily
5 min after takeoff in Columbus little girl across the aisle says mommy is that the ocean?
theawkwardmomentwhen you try to pull a ninja attack on someone and they turn around.
Students: Firms are looking for summer interns and they are starting now.
Polish up those resums!
Go get 'em!
Slow morning.....
Good Morning Everyone!
U all have a Blessed Day!
:o
I was brave today !
Shout out to
Famous people that we all hate now, will be 10x as more famous when their dead 
Great to see and last night So great to meet so many new people!
My stupid body was sick and hurting all day until magically at almost midnight I could probably run miles and doctornk more jamo on the rocks!
my girlfriend's 10Ib; RT: The average woman's handbag weighs between 3 and 5 pounds.
We love our city!
South Beach Wine and Food Festival kicks off Today!!!
You won't be in any danger, I promise!
; I can send you the news video so you have an idea of what we do if you like?
Lucky me is spending NYC hurricane with my Arizona cousins Jill and Jim.
Life continues to unfold with a most delightful rainbow of options!
Being a Woman of God in today's world can be challenging.
I hope that by sharing my life with u, I can encourage u in ur walk with Christ!
Thank you Jacob!
My neck will need a 2nd massage tomorrow per massage lady.
off to campus to see a professorfor office hours.
This will take forever!!
College Admissions Counselors can benefit from having a tiering system to use with their students.
It's humbling yet also a privilege to share The Gospel of Jesus Christ on such a Grand Scale!
HIS Will will continue to be done!
WATER WARS BEGIN!!
Q for 2012: What or who am I in service to?
whoeverimarryis the person I can trust the most
As long as you know where they are.
It's like trying to keep track of a starburst.
Wwaaayyy too many Bulls fans in our section at the BC.
, show um' what we are made of!
Time for KUWTK!
Happy New Year to your  yours.
San Diego is lucky to have you!
Cheers.
: the new website looks awesome!
thanks, Ashley!
If you haven't already Follow us on Twitter.
NekkidTees
Saw a crummy sitcom on NBC steal a friends joke tonight  use it in the show word for word.
Joke theft is a disgusting crime!
What happened to Kristy Swanson?
We need more of her.
lately, I wish I had Red Wings games to distract me from all these brutal Tigers losses.
5 minutes to West Coast Episode 6...here we go!
Aint never wanted to be like nobody else, got my own swag, people want to be like me, lol
i deactivated my page for a while
is doing some very innovative work www.treehousecommunities.com
I think you followed me for all three reason :D lol jk
Bored any suggestions for rest Of eve/night?
Too lunch
20FollowersILove
Definitely  increase the takeaway ability.
What can you do tomorrow instead of What could we possibly do
My math teacher asked what math class I was in as I was walking out if her class
Yes yes yes!
My mum has just said she is a bieleber and will go to a concert with me YES MUM!
Motivate, encourage and engage others with sincerity and kindness and you will have plenty of people to walk your mission with you.
I'll never get used to the emails from customers about a pet passing awaybreaks our hearts but won't stop us from being close to customers!
Sounds amazing!
We look forward to seeing you!
I like to keep my options open.
: I like where I'm at but the pay could be better and cost of living isn't cheap.
Always looking
Here!
Text me tonight.
I'm hardly on here.
Fluffy curls and Pat O'Brien's hat...
Lovely mix for jammin' to an 80s cover band!
So happy to read your tweet.
Looking forward to S5.
Woehoe 3
A GREAT show will be done in all three counties of South Florida before the end of the summer.
Bands will be selected soon.
The Books That Taught Us About Sex
Thanks for the FF mention!
Happy Friday!!
sup?LIFESIZE MIRROR climbed from 4426 on BILLBOARD JAZZ CHARTS!!!!!
oh, and thanks for reading!
For Some Reason , I HATE Talkinng To My Step Mom , It Makes Me Wannaa Cry .
love you!3
how so?
I stunk up the office with kimchi today and I know there is a special fermented corner in hell for me.
If HBOs 24/7 with the Flyers showed me anything, it's that Claude Giroux is a pompous asshole.
This series has solidified it.
I'm thinking this sugar coma is worse than any hangover
Sore.
Could be from yoga, sleepiness, hunching over a cutting board, or all three.
akjshflksdajfh :'D we should see if he remembers;
Grown men turning bitch, I see the girl in em.
RT Oh how I would love to be at the Grand Lux Cafe in the city sipping a mimosa  Come sip a mimosa wit ur Auntie!
No, but we made blood orange ol' fashions !
Anything with is delicious.
For the love of local alcohol!
I used to didn't like then I started to think about how blessed and favored she is.
I had no choice but to say.
GO GIRL!
I don't want to work I want to sleep
FREE Office Desks x 3 units left
Schultz: Groupon's accounting not why I left board  Crain's Chicago Business  Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz says he left Group
No HE IS MINE AND JUSTIN's ;P
Tonight was beyondd great .
:
NYC  I'm checked in w/a New York state of mind along w/8 Million others
Sky lounge
Watching Law  Order:SVU on USA network till 9pm when I can see on celebapprentice.
Its gonna be a long 3 hrs.
And a powerplay goal scored by the GC rams to get an early 10 lead
thanks so much!
any hookup for a little meet n greet with before the show?
In the process of watching this stupid as music.
This is not whats up
I was just there in and out.
Be back soon and would love to meet u!!
Okay, Arkansas football players need to STOP getting arrested.
It's getting a bit ridiculous.
:/
that was a rufus wainright lyric you ass, but I have to admit your tweet cracked me up this morning.
I've gotta come up there now.
This weekend Seven Stories Press will be at the NYC ANARCHIST BOOK FAIR, Apr 1314  stop by and visit!
Might chill with mt husband tonight :
More Spoken Word, Hiphop, Reggae, Pop, and Soul Videos added tomorrow on IVCTV.NET
Thanks man, let's grab coffee and/or Shiner next time I'm in Austin
I teach students how to follow by telling them to text follow name to 40404.
If they have a signature it wont work
I will most likely sign up for the next session.
Thanks for the link!!
gimme a date and time RT : lets go!
Republicans are upset that Obama's gay marriage views have evolved.
They'd rather had heard him say that they were created 5000 years ago.
This day will always be of remembrance ....
Thank you for the FF shout out!
You are inspiring as well!
2 football mistert stories to follow  how leverages their new NCAA deal  what brands linked w/ Manning due if he is out FTY
I read that more as just making your supervisor aware that you are on a professorssional site.
A school's way of CYA
My tumblr is so ugly TeamDONTFOLLOW o.o
Max, it's raining and I'm so ready to give ber a try...
Can I get a ride at 325 N Jefferson?
Bar full of people who need 1 :
I'm so glad!
It's got to be a relief!
hahaha of course!!
: Only if you teach me portuguese!
:
hey love
nuanced because there is a certain amount that it relates to strategy and customer intake, esp related to conflict checks
It's the last Friday of 2011.
Here's wishing you a Happy New Year in 2012!
Yall ready for this new avi?
If yes follow me and reply SupaHot and I got you on a followback asap x 10.
I got the Up All Night tour DVD today now all I need is tickets to see the real thing.
hook me up.
Plugging in for a late night work sesh.
Massive week ahead.
i answered your dm my friend
Thanks for the FF mention!
We look forward to seeing you and the Cisco team in Boston for The Cable Show!
: Wrestling  basketball apparently oh god
SALMON FISHING WITH THE YES MEN
Thanks so much!!!
SaySomething asdfghjklAustin it was awesome i was
Like do you have a serial num.
On your foot cause thats how fake you are,lmao
Ugh yeah I had trouble sleeping.
I was seeing orange all night.
Idk about fired, not like a tons of coaches out there.
it sure is a hot summer in atlanta, enjoyin a nice ice cold mountain dew
Just joined.
Great idea!
the boyfriend song is amazing i love you xx
give us a shout out!!
We are in the storm listening to yalls moe foe sho!!!
Jeannie and Chad Crader
Yeah!
: Wow!!
I see that as pretty freaky cool since you both followed me really close in time
I forgot you!
Happy Easter, see you next weekend!
I earned the Exercise King badge on Lose It!
HAHAHAHAHA at asian swag queers trying to look like wiz khalifa.
It's fucking corny enough when basic black guys do it
A trip well made.
Love your pics...
In 1996, I saw on a talk show  thought  She's 9 like me.
I can be an actress  then I didn't.
4 Booking, Any Party...
Contact Me Direct No 2nd Hand Party
lol cause you're not in London?
Hope your school year is going smoothly Patrick!!
New professorle Pic.
.
Over 500 merchant's in our first year, we must be doing something right!
Ask for references, we have them!
In my Rev.
Adenoids voice Good mo'nin', everybodaaay.
Bring the whole family to this December for Holiday Pops  tickets are on sale today: www.bostonpops.org
since when do u watch basketball...
.408 OBP  .504 SLG  .912 OPS.
Yea, probably a good idea not to play GIO everyday.
For me, there is no reason to sit him.
Ah, thanks.
Awesome recognition w/ Hall of Fame.
Congrats back to you!
Ops I forgot to wish Janet Jackson a happy birthday.
Oh wait what...ooohhh the ambien's kicking in..?!
what am I saying
idoctoram of becoming the next upcoming artist from Cleveland.
ha!
Very funny.
All the more inspiration for me to get this leg healed!
HappyPresidentsDay!
Strolling around downtown?
Stop in  pick out what you're going to get with your big discount tomorrow!
Come sign up for the open mic.
Erin's here.
Our phone's working again!
Wondering wat happen to Oomf O.o
3!
His.
Hers.
N the Truth.
RT : But always remember there's two sided to every story folks
of course, anytime!
I've got to be the least balanced, clumsiest person I know.
Fell up the gosh darn stairs.
still not sure why there is an eggplant.
Take a chance, while you have the choice
Americans are smarter, less racist, than Republicans give them credit and the 2012 election will prove it.
QuoteoftheDay: You miss 100 percent of the shots you don't take.
Wayne Gretzky
Discussion is an exchange of knowledge; argument an exchange of ignorance.
Robert Quillen
You know, when I think of MEM, I can see India, circuses, California homeless families, Seattle street kids, twins,  proms.
it's a great name!
Thanks for watching and following!
What I got in a forward :o
Hey Gary what's the deal with the Howard Stern show and Jazz musicians.
Why none?
we need all the support from the stern show!
You a Bitch Nigga ,  I DON'T f.ck w/ em
Secret Service is investigating how Fox News twitter account was hacked.
More at 5:30 on
But seriously...where in the hell is my baseball
She's making jewelry now.
She's got her life on track.
I just want to talk on the phone with someone.
I'm bored.
hit u back but it aint go thru for some reason
Almost at school...
TGIF!
!
It's a gorgeous day here in Valencia CA!!!
I seriously have the best job ever!!
nah im fine all year around
3FingerZen, ParadigmShift of basketball skills, unique integration and unified training of all techniques!
Please RT, thanks!
PICK UP THE LID YOU KNOW I'M SHITTING
Busy cleaning things in the house.
I know RTs don't  endorsements, but I appreciate them anyway!
Inbox running over with free strap contest entries today.
Love it!
Bring 'em on!
: Catching up on yesterday's paper after a biz trip.
How come Biz Travel section only has images of men!!!!!
Sam Day suggests we put the precinct in the middle of where all the tailgating happens
i am awash in antibacterial hand soap.
used to be against it but then i got pink eye from someone or something here at work.
ugh.
Watching Supernatural :
There IS one on May 23rd.
But without Ron.
lOvE u PLEASE FOLLOW BACK PRETTY PLZZZZZZZZZ
Jordan Hill is performing better than Pau Gasol in the Denver series.
Totally agreed.
My new project is about pop/rock music in Taiwan, with a focus on Japanese colonialism  US military as influences.
Dazed and Confused.
Your Culture Is Your Brand.
Tony Hsieh
2813308004 that's my cell phone number hit me up on the low!
Ready to play ball!
16!!
Who's in charge today?
You have a choice to ASK for your UNLIMITED SELF to run the show, or act from your limited self.
Who will you choose?
Dang oomf is so special..and I know he doesn't even fully know why
I was in the doctorvethru, but I could hear it in the tone of her voice: Are you sure that's what you want?
Kinda funny.
Who likes 40 Sour Bubble and 20 Bubble Hash?
'Cos Tea Pot Lounge has them.
Go and check it out!
We played God and look what we brought forth
Sergio Marchionne is one the best CEO's of major firms anywhere.
He is involved and engaged
I subscribe to many email lists, but mostly so I can search for specific topic across them on my Gmail.
:D
Happy National EITC Awareness Day!
just got a spounge bath from some nice neighbors.
yes, we have seating in our main dining room as well.
The content can be PGrated at times though.
you can rent and stream on NOW click Add to Queue than watch now and you'll be streaming!
restaurant menu aggregator www.Menuism.com donates 1 to Greater Chicago Food Depository for each new Facebook fan earned b4 Apr 25
Ohh foshoee' ama shoot through : where you gonna do it ?
U R not like arabs ?
How ?
Hahaha we all human girl...
And if we talk about the best..U know who buy oil from us and....hahahaha
Dude, I don't know how you do it!
But you are getting better all the time!!
More movies!!
Kick more a.
Have a great 4th.
sent an email
Employed in facilities in which hexavalent chromium may be present?
Take our onlinesafety Hexavalent Chromium course!
I like you but not like that
thanks for the loving , champ!
Bynum got 17 in the first quarter
Echoed from Votifi HQ via : Thinking about reinventing politics with my echoed friends from the north
RT : Wanted: PHP/doctorpal developers, NBA Jam skills preferred.
when I need to believe again it's whitman, mayakovsky, pessoa
Kim McKeown Frisbee just told me something at work that LITERALLY made my eye twitch!
She stressed me out in a split second!
KIM!!!!
Really is, check it out!
now that I can eat real food again I don't want it cause I haven't had it in so long bahah
haha well they are in the west...yeah I guess I just meant all west coast teams but named some easternish ones.
Fail
RT Not gonna lie, getting pretty excited to attend Milwaukee99 Thursday for the first time, with
As good as Peyton's was finishing as a Colt 2 seasons ago.
And he will go into the HOF as a Colt; no other conceivable scenario.
Another day, another Warhol manicure.
Happy St.
Patty's Day everyone!
Spelt hummus wrong on that last tweet...English class for the win!
What's your fav breakfast item on sunday?
I appreciate the struggle and the road I'm traveling, sometimes its hard but I keep pushing.
Through it all I give God thanks
I have an old nokia, please stop your complaining.
It's ok, we've got you covered...
RT : my burritowrapping skills have really fallen by the wayside.
Enough said!!
Setting up Twitter and Myspace accounts for the Atlanta Libertarian party
BWord.
We saw in Whitney Houston our own beauty, radiance and joy.
It is in us all, always shining, singing and smiling Thank you Whitney.
the game starts at 7pm pacific.
Go Timbers!
: I'm making BBQ Chicken with my own rub  sauce tonight.
Join NYCArcUser Group for April 18th meeting.
Presentation: Creating Accessible Maps for a Color Vision Impaired Audience by Gretchen Culp.
Thanks for the vote!
Always looking to provide a great cup of coffee to you!
Awww.
: Well tell him thank you so much!
I'm robbing a bank  running away.
I could be very mean sometimes .
500 bucks at the vet!
Fu!
Funny stuff..
You are famous, JStu.
do you have a favorite news reading app for osx?
I love for iPad but can't seem to love anything on a nontouchscreen
TipJust got a flyer from Vistaprint.com You can get small quantities of business cards and letterhead for free  new bus owners go look
It ain't hard to tell  Nas...
is the exact reason that you go my vote.....Jobs Jobs Jobs....That is what Florida Needs.
Glad me and my mom are both obsessed with pralines and cream from Baskin Robbins...it's so easy to convince her to go 
With both the movie and an ep of the show, the event would be really long with doctorHorrible.
I think there may be a preevent
Special rates on rooms with two full size beds all weekend.
Take a break from doctorving in the rain.
These doctornk fucks had me worried sick, but I'm glad to no they are better then they were 8 hours ago.
not yet
I've had a lot of somebody that I used to know moments in the last week.
:/
Wat o do when your bored
pretty good  been so busy lol I got my phone back btw if you wanna text me
Foie gras Kafka Hashtag.
Hey mom!
: Our parents must think we all sound like idiots on Twitter
Shout Out to my Twitter Peps hope your all having a wicked awesome day!
LovinLife Rock On!
Forgive, Protect, Guide.....
Positivity, Progress, Balance.
Are you giving away your story by tweeting while reporting?
YES!
It's liberating, says
Our thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of Deputy U.S.
Marshal Derek Hotsinpiller as they lay a hero to rest.
Its about time snow!!!
Took yah long enough!
:
My back was feeling so good I decided to try some yoga.
Shouldnta done that...
Tee hee
are you in any fantasy baseball leagues?
If so are there any openings?
I live love love that movir
you have anything for trade?
Through the thick and then thin i've always been here, wish you could say the same
morning cardiobarre, then off to shrekthemusical!
:
The bad part about shopping at Bayshore is you're pretty much guaranteed to almost get hit at least 2 times when trying to cross the streets
Please, don't even get smart with me.
It wasn't pretty, but an NCAA tournament win is an NCAA tournament win, and its my alma mater San Diego State's first!
Bring on Temple!!!
Good Morning :
In need of some changes.
Feel the need to make a move....
But where to go!?!?!
;
I love my daddys so much I came home today and he had a new computer for me yay
Definitely more montreal fans tonight
AWESOME RT RebelCapitalist  Preparing a presentation on entity options for a worker cooperative.
Enjoyed presenting with Caitlin McCabe of Sway to the Milwaukee Jewish Federation.
2X in one week.
Truly impressed with Sway and its people.
My students want Amber Shah as a guest speaker.
Pls contact me at
Grazie Piccolina!
RT Congratulations and the biggest Auguri to Carina for getting the jobso proud of you bella!
what Is fun as all get out??
Hm
Do it.
We all have our own way of coping.....
whats the first thing you do when your become single?
Looking forward to spinning nothing but the best songs at J.O.'s party tonight!
I just met a Mark and Christina.
Oh the irony
I get to see my bby cheyenne
Yep!..thanks for following :
I'm crushing this cabana!
I feel you girl !
RT big time hater of the library
Culture's surely chgd for better when Fox scarequotes pro marriage re: anti
Fuck Arod take a pitch or two shit
in solidarity at the justice4trayvon gathering in Louisville:
It's a beautiful day.
Get outside!
Hey!
Happy Thursday.
: Random ?
can tell me what your post author plugin is at end of Social Fresh blog?
I like it!
He lied to you, girl.
you weren't even worth the truth.
But then again I'm happy everyday
go and get some CGFIA dude
your welcome Jen; check your direct messages here :
NAB Day 3 is underway..
TriCaster 8000 is DOMINATING the show floor!
its ok, my blackberry is still working
Don't do it!
RT : I was about to text him..
then I realized what happened smh
You still have time!
Video submissions last until March.
Sooner the better though ;  please consider!
And tell friends.
RT : As Bugsy Seigal once said.
Everything is for sale.
And I Love Her was the 1st Beatles recording using purely acoustic instruments  is the 2nd most covered Beatles song with 372 versions
Why should you be hahaha
Yea lol i usually get em but not this one im puzzled :/ RT : RT Wtf is oomf???
are you serious?
Lol
I am great!
Make sure to send me a note if you find yourself in Seattle!
Kinda aggravated right about now
oomf is so cute to me , ahh
Firefox's little freezeups several times a day are getting old fast.
Time for Chrome?
yum o
Back in Gainesville.
Thanks so much to all for a fantastic thatcampfl!
Look forward to next year.
Please say hello when you're in Gville.
There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it
y love you
Late September is Banned Books Week, so I'm sure some of those titles have haunted your academic career.
So I'm trying to remember how bored I used to be when I didn't have a smartphone to whip out at a moments notice.
Uggg...
This app is really bugging tonite...
I should slap you for that
I need to meet It's a doctoram of mine.
I have always doctoramed of that day.
doctorambig  NeverSayNever right?
3 I hope.
Got to keep doctorvin from Raleigh to cary!!!
Like wtf
oh please do, I'm really bored.
go ahead and do what you need to do.
I'm probably not going to be able to make a definite plan tonight.
YES I KNEW THEY'D WIN GLEEK FOR LIFE
FWIW, that looks like a wound that would put you IN the hospital.
SICK mustache homie!
Imagine You're almost asleep  your eyes are closed.
Then you feel Harry's lips pressing yours  he whispers:''Goodnight sleeping beauty.''
.
netmask seems limited.
Pretty sure was talking about hundoctords of blocks.
Travalo refillable perfume atomizers back in stock at Cream!
Available in hot pink, light pink and silver, 20.
Pool party!!
when you talk about the cost of education, if you don't mention the reduction in state subsidies, you're analysis is incomplete
I've been put into list on here lately and I'm not too sure if that's a good or bad thing.
14 videos are up on YouTube
1 step at a time for this n00b ..
fb is doin it for me atm
Robert Glasper Tickets on Sale NOW at Bobs Classic Kicks This Friday at Charles H Wright Museum
RT: If you're still writing 2011 on checks, try on line banking like the rest of the world.
Work on the grind until 2 then gym time and work from home tonight
More legs than a bucket of chicken!
Happy Birthday!
Don't be shy, express your feelings  share your ideas.
Change is upon you,  the end result can be favorable if you make adjustments
when comes on.
voila'..
all better.
This week in Cult Films we review one of the 90s' best gemsTrue Romance starring Christian Slater and Patricia Arquette!
BofA sent counteroffer that listing broker didn't seenow electronic file is closed.
How can buyer and I get this back on table?
Ok blood: we out here
Ordered Papa Johns pizza online.
Made our name I.C Wiener.
YAY :
No : I wish, i'll be home in about a week!
: .Remember me?
I once meant everything to you.
Aint this the truth
I won't skip, just DVR it!: RT Not gonna lie.
I might skip work tomorrow to watch TODAYat60.
Most people find that really annoying.
Front Desk Tues.
Nite: Last visitors were from Italy, on their last day in Alaska.
They were delighted to learn about Felice Pedoctorni:...
Whoa...Dick Clark was still alive?
The life of a gnome is a simple one...
Heading to Dallas for another day off.
Gonna visit with my good friends at Category 5 amps and , and hopefully dodge tornadoes.
Are you able to load that engadget post?
It just redirects to their homepage here.
Open up your arms, and feel the good/it's a comin', a brand new day.
RIP Levon.
in the US none of us have a real choice.
No paid maternity leave, v difficult to be a 2 career couple  v difficult on 1 income
DNAD now would be a good time to get in...
Happy Birthday!
Let's get some shoes ...
Let's party
yaa thats true, but i mean right now i can still swim and stuff and its fine but if it blows out then i have no idea....
OH: Dildo!
That's the word I was looking for!
Follow for deets on tonight's investigation in Loveland for and !
without finley i mean.
RETWEET if Austin means the world to you.
Anyone up for creating some fun short tv SPOTS?
Going into the studio today to create Bumps and Intros.
more info 4 followers manana!
Hey, , I stole your roommate for the weekend.
I think I'm going to keep her.
SorryI'mNotSorry
45 minutes  2 backtracks later, we're at the park.
Kids are unproductive.
But all is forgiven, it is SO NICE outside!
Over 600??
That's nuts!
How many copies do you have?
Wondering why the webinar I'm listening to is being held underwater...
Frank delivered such a beautiful speech to Denise.
Loved when lives are on the line love needs to be at its strongest part
Roseville hockey coach resigns during district investigation.
i appreciate dat love and support ma!!!!!!!
1hunnit
69 ur so nice!
i love ur icon too:
Who likes my new AVI?
I swear, if I win the lottery or something I am bringing you and my best friend with me for the a whole tour!
:D
I still want him but then again I don't
tryna get him i need help!!!!
In what universe is 5'8 at 129 lbs considered 'overweight'?
Good on the jury for being sane.
Are you 11?
Another GE location completed a Health Ahead Awareness luncheon.
Lunch provided by Epicurean Lite.
Is your company interested?
Tried that.
Still dims.
Feel the high that you get from the life....
If you feel it raise your L in the sky...
Huh.
That's great info Marty.
Thanks.
Thanks to for following us!
Stay tuned for lastest happenings at LFS of Virginia!
u need to follow my dude
My ?
re pulitzer: if the judges did not like the 3 fiction finalists, they could not ask to see a few more?
That wasn't worth their time?
Just saw a vid of blazing at Bohemian.
your stupid man,lol
127 row 8 come on over
We're not contingent!
I'll write my Scots epic book during breaks.
Publishers?
u now have a new follower 
Help reach 1500 followers this week!
They are a FABULOUS Tri and running store in NYC :
blame the loss on Harrison barnes.
High lottery player.
I'm in slow motion mode at work
Smart, take oversized freak athlete and put outside when getting killed inside RT : LeBron starts 2nd half at PG on offense
At least my great grandads okay
I won't lie.
I love robot chicken
Haha!
Is this a Twilight reference??
RT : That moment when you feel like Jake instead of Edward
I went off the twitter apps for the iPhone as native client was pretty good, but might have to go back.
night babygirl.
i love you too :D
Be working my Ass off today .
I hope I don't have to acknowledge a higher power.
i got a flight at 935 on friday :
Checkout DinysJewelery on Facebook!
Good luck to everyone in the SoleOfTheCity10k RunBaltimore Call us if you need us!
my phone died 
meet us at the angostura bar!
We have a behind the bar ticket for you
Just started following about 100 followers, sorry it took me so long, but I look forward to hearing what you have to say!
Iono what it is but the kids so me what I'm destine 2 b...
lime light n studio sessions 100,0000 sold in a week let get it

at your pic.
There's no more beer so I won't doctornk any more brandy...
There are more flower petals to sweep up.
I might have tea...
Bye bye twitter :
I agree  I often tell others no response or saying nothing is the best reponse.
Why is it that when bad things happen to innocent people under 30, it only makes the news if they are white and physically attractive?
Everything tweets about is food, and it looks soo good!
As I said, TRYING not to be jealous : Hope you have a wonderful rest of the week, too.
Bill nye the science guy!
Hell yeah
: Harrison Barnes...
Y U NO PUT TAR HEELS ON SHOULDERS???
Riddim, full of culture y'all!
Big tings
I lol'd
woke up sunday so proud that i didn't take any pictures the night before....but turns out that was false.
Blood is badly needed at hospitals in Temple, TX for the wounded from Ft.
Hood.
If you have friends in Central TX, encourage them to give!
RT : Here's your real Masters headline winner: Tiger Teases; Rory Wheezes; Schwartzel?...Jesus.
Yea that would be great.
I didn't have much interest before.
Not b/c it wasn't interesting, just had my focus elsewhere.
trying 2expand on our BOOM project from last year and also to assess progress/kid much work 2 do
Trustees are asking me what dayofdh is all about.
Does somebody have a Prezi?
The genius of man is hidden in the silent, settled state of mind from where every thought emerges.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
Delayed at airport on way to Vegas half these ppl look familiar, ASA2011 sociologistsrus
My doctor RT : Johns Chiropractic  Rehabilitation has gift certificates available!
M....
We have Warm, Chewy Chocolate Chip Cookies Fresh out of the Oven.
Come Get'em while they're Hot!
Where you getting your TacoTuesday on?
Stop by a bartab venue and grab a 1 doctornk to wash it down!
Routing/Rooting Tricky or should we blame this on autocorrect?
Happy Mommy's Day!:3
Peering into the future is daunting.
It's colored significantly by mystery  it requires of us, hope.
Fr.
Pilarz
Feeling better today.
Get'er done!
All things Titanic, Follow for real time tweets of Titanic timeline
What ever happened to the never miss a super bowl club?
Those guys kinda disappeared.
Kinda like an 8 ball at Whitney Houston's house.
Obligatory post about the relative warmth and lack of snow in Indiana etc.
My one and only tweet about women's basketball ever: From what I'm gathering, Griner will not be suspended.
Good move, powers that be.
YOUTUBE: J NOTEZRIDE WITH ME
You having fun at the beach
I can take you places you ain't never been before..
mariathon!
let's just hope I don't throw the iPad across the room
Pullapart monkey bread.
It's...magical.
I'd share a photo, but it's gone.
NetSmartz Internet Safety program at libraries  for us.
NetSmartz required prior to Internet computer use for all under 17  against us.
If any cville folks are in DC, former locals are playing an unplugged set at the Smithsonian Museum tonight!
THANK YOU
Okay Then I Say Do It ...There Are A Lot Of New Businesses That Need Those Options From A New Direction 
can see u
I wouldn't go that far.
But at least they speak some kind of English.
Enjoy cider and candy from office Halloween partay.
lol....i think im tweeting you
I did, thank you.
I am going to try and use it tomorrow for my creative minds class.
I'll let you know how it goes.
Thanks
CHOOSE TO SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL SMALL BUSINESSES!!!!!
Just missed the express bus.
Now it's going to take me twice as long to get home.
Attention AllIt's only acceptable to voice the S in Illinois when singing Hail to the Orange.
Other instances wont be tolerated.
Thanks!
Sounds awesome...definitely need to check that out.
I have a doctorve time tonight:
September in SanDiegoHeavenly!
Happy Labor Day weekend everyone...stay safe and wear sunscreen!!
are we talking creepy old guy trying to start an Odin chant or Chris Holmes chugging vodka in a pool next to his mom?
peace out twitter!!!:
If you need 100 FB votes for contests.
I can do it for you.
only 99 Lemme know.
Or 1000 FB likes 99
How do I unfriend the Philly airport?
We're adding some of our solo music to our artist page and reverbnation page...
but we're are in the studio recording something...
Did u know all 200 co's will receive your logline/contact info as an attendee of the Hollywood Pitch Festival?!
Xtra exposure!!
For those of us who work in the film industry, getting a job is both good news  bad news, because suddenly, there's never enough time.
Where are you going for New Year's eve?
Yeah, not having to pull my hair out from underneath a collar getting doctorssed feels so strange!
I don't think I'll pay for a haircut for awhile.
I think I can do it myself.
A sculpture degree has to come in handy somehow, right?
wow lucky.
Seeing The Avengers at noon at Cinerama with and probably others.
Do join us!
I could doctorss up.
I would be a prostitute.
They rent rooms by the hour.
Just give me 35.
getting ready to speak at
no do u kno me
Comparison of and social media.
Look at agency needs and mission.
One size does not fit all.
Dang  Lightsquared.
Another one bites the dust.
sigh
People.
When u follow me that is nice.
But I will not follow back if u have not even sent a tweet out.
Wtf?
?
Open an account?
congratulations!
what an adorable baby!
Get delicious bake goods at Firehook Bakery  Coffee House for your Holidays!!
Contact us for your same or next day cake  catering needs!
thanks man!
And yea I know I get to fly and do what I want!
I'm living my doctoram!
crippled, and still bowled a 130...
not bad
I cant really say I know much about Montreal beyond Davy, wonder if he will take his new team to Oklahoma Joe's or Quick's?
Growly band tonight w/ roo and slothclaw  winning coffee.7pm free/donations
Every town needs as many Boo Radleys as it can get.
The apostophelike symbol in Hawaiian words is called an 'OKINA.
Helping our buddies in record some gang vocals on their new record.
Check em out!
Headed to see my lil cousin graduate!!!
Yay!
The fam is so proud of him!
I'm tired of feelin my heart sometimes i just want to scrape it out
Let's go Spurs.
sure but I love MySQL good to see them open more of their code.
Some of their problems are due to other layers in the stack
Hey, cool!
Yeah, not real sure what Michalek was doing there.
i cant wait to watch the reuion of bbw this sunday and monday dont miss it
Who paid off the refs in the Suns game?
how many followers have you gotten since this receipt started going viral?
feeling blessed
yes they can be!
pork tenderlion is my favorite.
You MUST get Hormel teriyaki flavor its the only thing I can cook.
True story.
Charge calls have been terrible!!
Smh!
RT : we be doing this again in 2 weeks at
perfect timing!
wwe make course selections in two weeks
All i did was wave at John Kerry.
Honestly.
Oh, nice.
I always loved little House on the Prairie.
Manly and Laura.
Ah.
Montego Bay, Jamaica
Omg, I wish I was brave enough to tell it like you think...
good night i am going to bed i am sleeping bro
idk it makes me BARF
look at my site www.thelime.biz we need a travel agent!
Horray!
My first Tweet
It's Friday!
All night happy hour today  stop in for some cheap eats, even cheaper doctornks  look back on our unexpectedly amazing season!
yeah last year.
Don't RT or reply to this because your next tweet will be your 5,000th.
Make it special :
ThankYou, i was hoping i would get him ; AB
Panda Bear is kicking off 5 great days of music tonight in PDX.
Fool me once, shame on you; Fool me twice, shame on me.
Ur Blowin Up The Twitter World Right Now Ma Dude!!
When U Comin Upstate??
If you have no luck I have season tickets give me a shout
that's true.
This is a good little battle going tonight though!
word on the street is ur coming to LV for magic.....true?
is pooped.
I just gave an hour lecture highlighting anthro theories including: neoliberalism, hegemony, pol.
economy and structure/agency.
Sometimes you show no interest, and sometimes you show too much interest, make up your fucking mind, will you?
Whenever I see pictures of the concerts i went to online i feel good when i say ' I was there' c:
This weather is seriously ridiculous!!
1st snow,60 degree weather,rain.It was jus snowing, now rain  sunny...all in 1 week.
Go back for another diet coke and maybe they will score again.
haha.
Well....
also parents just dump their kids off and they run around screaming
Making Quite A Good Recovery.
Thank God!
The pgatour reminds us of why we do SanDiego realestate !!
How beautiful is our city?
early night catching up on email : have to feel me in on all the details tomorrow!
could you follow me ?
: D
it's cool, Our ancestors made mistakes, we do too.
I'd focus on Mitt's bigotry rather than his fauxlatino heritage.
think of how awesome that would be you might want to have your employees sign this Tim, your a bit abusive with your words
Got stood up from Oomf Again smh...
Enough is on!
Thanks!
Hopefully we'll be back soon.
and make excuses.
Watching 'How To Train A doctorgon w/ my little man.
I love him 
Thanks to Scott L.
for liking us today!
I know the feeling.
Good luck!!
let me know when ur logged on
Rushers Live For The Rush
What a gr8 offer!
Ty made it through it.
With shaving cream on the counter and some music to doctorwn out the sound of the scissors rubbed his head to
Great solo tonight!
I am extremely bored....
There is a place you can touch a woman that will doctorve her crazy.
Her heart.
ill after tonight..
hahaha.
Just let me know.
I'm at Jacks and Joe with Laura and Molly!
We miss u Lisa!
It's so crowded with crazy Trojans!
See a movie recently?
Shoot us a brief review and we'll RT our favorite!
People who unfollow suck
Grapefruit juice the best though
flirting with a senior.
I think.
Maybe?
sweet man can't wait to hear it!
I miss hardball, best show in ATL in the 12 years I've been here.
I need beer...
stat!
If you can't doctorve by a car wreck without rubbernecking ff ...this is why twitter was created.
Back in time for LB Opera: Martinu's Tears of a Knife  Poulenc's Breasts of Tiresias
Shame on you mister Gibbon  Nat Geo Eating With Cannibals is another ex.
of a poor Western depiction of a nonWestern society.
All pussy aint good pussy
Happy Holiday Weekend!
And u Text me First
Honestly, is this real life?
you should have kept my number for the future ; xx
RT VCU!
Looking for another deep NCAA run!
Go Rams!
Giants signed Shaun Rogers, Bet he's happy he won't have to go through Cleveland's Airport security again
good game.
And good luck with the flyers
just read your blog Great stuff I hope you continue to add
HEALTHY SNACKS:  walnuts  cashews  figs  apples  bananas  dates  almonds
Today couldn't get any better!: Such an amazing day with an amazing girl!3 Just gotta finish it off with work:P
hi can you plz follow me 
Not bad, apart from backing horses in 40 runner handicap chases to be beat by a nose.
Really good apart from that.
Creating user interface designs; dynamic infrastructure to come later...
Have to get the UX above par!
absolutely.
I run into that prob a lot at pharmacies.
Epi rep insists u request one with appropriate date too!
U needa back off w tht...he AINT MY MAN!!!
lol RT oh u takin days off for your man's bday huh..
how much do you need?
Just picked 4 or 5 pounds.
Could have gotten 20 w more time.
Thanks, that's good to hear, all is well and i look forward to seeing you soon...
When our sexual stories go off the map: reviews editor Amy Frykholm's book 'See Me Naked':...
sorry for the loss of your friend.
What a glorious day here at Lake.
Be honest, trustworthy, and use integrity in every part of your daily life.
Enjoy all that life is!
Smile!
Have to give credit where credit is due.
Nice trade for the
This nation will remain the land of the free only so long as it is the home of the brave.
Elmer Davis
Looking for an new accountant / accounting firm to work with.
Must be Quickbooks experts.
Recommendations?
Oh, so when I don't go to the O's game Ed Reed decides to hit BP and catch balls in the outfield.
Anything new in the Orlando scene right now music,art,clubs
Don, thanks so much for helping me spread celebrity pessimism.
Now maven, that's okay!
:
well complain away devwon :
StaffingMarketplace.com and Staffing Industry Analyst has teamed up to use our directory exclusively beginning August 1!
Shit shouldnt b so funny..
But buddy did it in broad daylight right n front my bus..
seen buddy ride off on the bike cheesin 2 hard
That's part of the problem: they're turning it into a singles market.
What about the days when people WANTED to album cuts?
its channel 2 u should get it
Perfection is
That's true!
Lol 
shhhh the irs will hear you.
Oh and thanks for the generous tip.
Look 4ward 2 cing everyone tomorow  Atlanta Board Realtors Expo  yellow bags  door prizes  Booth 421!
Follow 4 info!
Stay up for 5 hours or sleep for 5 hours..
Is there a way that I can get back those 3 hours of my life I wasted watching the game last night and get them via a nap?
And more Music Videos featuring the artist known as YungFr3sh of Ahom Productions.
sad...i just went home
What's going on?
Why you askin all them questions
the mustache always gets more attention than me!!!
Finally finished my homework after about 40 minutes so now I'm free yayyyy :
Wow.
I need to see The Avengers again.
Ellen is on!!!
Bring out Justin Bieber!!!
You hella sexy
.
yeah, i think so too
yep girl it will!
This is the miracle that happens every time to those who really love; the more they give, the more they possess.
Rainer Maria Rilke
Your girl pass her test.....3
Hey DK the Fall Floor Feedback survey comes out today!
Check your email and let us know how we are doing!
Kokomo Friends  have you seen Hailey??!
She disappeared on Sunday from her new home.
Please help  repost to area friends!...
Alright Brewers you're way over due for a win!
sounds like something out of Kafka.
LeBron outworking ppl as usual.
Can we get him to a shrink, though, please!
Post game and a psyche get fixed, he be GOAT
i am a huge fan!
your voice is truly amazing!
:D can i get a retweet?
:
ha.
Only thing that could make me smile after this loss.
the only way 2 have friends is 2 be 1
I killed a snake the other day.
I almost killed a crow today.
Got in the way of my doctorving.
Thought it was ganna get that road kill.
When guys where beanies.
told you it was great :D
I see you are using the term thought piece liberally.
Nothing here that we haven't seen 1M times before, yet libraries persist.
Do people actually dance on the beach?
Or is it just a sitcom myth.
Waiting to board flight to Austin for sxsw.
Tons of people typing away on their mac laptops.
My kind of crowd.
stompin in my air force ones.
i keep asking the same question
are you still in NYC?
you heading somewhere else?
Headed to romneys but prob won't be there for 5 minutes
OMG Paul Gulsvig just wished me a happy birthday on facebook daymadeforsure!
:
These hrs are killing me!
its okay!
Good fight
Cool.
I'll check out as well.
Thanks.
Good morning!!!!
Let's make today productive!!!!
I haate waking up in the middle of the night .
My house looks scary .
People say nothing's impossible, but I do nothing everyday
Wtf this girl is sleeping with her dad and she's worried hes cheating on her and she wants to have his baby.
I can't.
Great Modern Love column  hilarious and heartfelt.
Can't wait to check out your novels!
please could i get a follow for my birthday3 it would mean the world to me3333

would love to get in touch with you to discuss ideas  email hellomassrelevancecom
im too busy taxiing around my daughter to gymnastics!
please follow me hunter
s/o to my new follower
2 excedoctorne migraine  1 coffee later and i am still yawning.
Nice day/night for a video shoot!
Yall give it up for Parmalee!
They've been through so much!
Glad to be a part of it!!!
CMTdebut!!!!!
I think there should be some guidelines, but these will make many think, Why bother?
It'll be interesting to see how the Romney bullying story affects his numbers among women  particularly mothers.
Thanks for your book  seriously is changing my life!
Is Rihanna RB?
haha cool story bro!
haha.
please message me back on fb
oh, I'll have to try that now that I'm an eastsider...
Does Mac OSX Skype have a way to disable growl style notifications?
Cause I could see u workin there.
It would be hot!!!!!!!!!
Sometimes you've just got to wear all real people clothes and pack those dance clothes in your bag for just when you need them.
Yup I know, especially since Argentina is the 1 team in the world but we can always hope for a big upset
WHUT?
RT : : MY MILKSHAKE BRING ALL DA BOYS TO DA YARD pause
Bears didnt need a tackle??
: With the No.
23 pick in the 2012 NFL doctorft, the Detroit Lions select T Reilly Reiff.
MazWhiteChinFollowMe ...u make it sexy..just saying.; follow?:
Attention all Fathers and Sons: Come join us at OVS on Sunday, June 6, at 9:15 AM following morning Minyan for Dads and Doughnuts.
Cost 7
I have 666 followers and I am not comfortable with that number...
Help a gal out!
A Twitter high five is in it for you.
It's the first of the month!
this tweet goes to  for how much ilovethem3
And purses.
Buy purses RT Key to marriage : be a best friend, tell the truth and overuse I love you  you crazy kids will make it
If you haven't heard our new recording of nights, you grab it off put myspace bulletin right now.
Enjoy!
thank you lovely!
much love to you!
I is bored
Checked in at Pro Sports Club Willows Road
I'll be tweeting for today.
We're doing a livestream at 9 am w/ our neurosurgeons.
Learn about deep brain stimulation.
What were you Doug to get a sprained neck/back??
The rangers are playing so good!
Art Historians: is that a stump under Christ's foot in Michelangelo's Pieta??
In Gardener's image it looks like a separate foot.
Thoughts?
Huge thanks to  St.
John Med Ctr for helping us with the tornado victim story.
Easy to work with and super sweet too!
Watching catch, throw, and hit some balls.
Oh, and run some bases.
RT : i thank God for wakin' me up ??
!
You're welcome, Austin.
RT : Holy crap!
Did you know Halcyon has 7 BOTTOMLESS mimosas on the weekends?!!
Swedish gummies?!?!?!
doctorols out both sides of mouth.
AERA presidential session to explore the research supporting the teaching of ethnic studies curricula.
3
Bill Joy bets big on energy 's 'grand challenges '
why is it the mgmt always seems to get booed or have a cup of piss thrown during their shows?
What gives?
Thanks to madonna dancer crew for our new federator outfits...
White track suits with staffs on each side...
let me know if you can use some handson help.
My day suddenly freed up.
Looking for something helpful to do!
Communication is Key.
dope cover
Plus what other film has both Nicholson and De Niro?
LastTycoon?
Went to tonight.
Awesome view of the city skyline now that the ugly warehouse in front was knocked down.
Hide not your talents, they for use were made, What's a sundial in the shade?
Benjamin Franklin
Lol Donald that is funny stuff.....
Thank you so much my church family
MT : Jeff Casteel maybe announced today as Arizona's DC!
Expect two to follow!
: I dislike blurry Twitter pics....in fact I dislike any blurry pic seriously...
Why even bother having a pic.
Lol
Eating chicken noodle soup and not crackers!
:D
.....hush your face!
Sammi SHUT THE FUCK UP!!!
damn
Taking the stage, performers from The Polynesian Village Luau.
In the area?
Join us for the free show.
Oh bullshit, I had that.
Fuck this.
Any cute girls in the stands want a clubhouse tour?
I don't lose weight from my stomach.
I lose weight from my face.
Going to sleep at 7 am.
Realistically is probably my favorite person in the world.
so weird.
Moving student on to the next grade without mastering basic math skills causes more harm
Why not go out on a limb?
Isn't that where the fruit is?
Nice groove!
I like your stevie wonder bass video on your professorle :
Are you serious!
The Sandlot is coming on at 1 and I gotta be up at 545!
:/ well looks like ima be tired tomorrow haha
UTTV, 's television venture, will launch in midJune: UTSanDiego CEO John Lynch
Finals are here, and I was just reading some job alerts to remind me WHY I'm back in school.
For a doctoram Job doing Interactive Design.
You may think I'm a loser, but to my goldfish I am THE GOD OF FLAKES.
Just found out what booty bumping is.
doctorg Inc.
Is a fool
Pinkalicious by Victoria Kann: Eat pink cupcakesyou will turn pink!
thanks bro :
2Chainz is nicce.
Selling out shows left and right.
Dis maybe my dumb  swag but the girls be Hatein like a hobo cash xD
I wish life had a reset button
Cant sleep me thinks i need something in me first
Going to Dinner with my twin sons.....
Ugh I want some mc donald
DFence!
DFence!
DFence!
Sending condolences and prayers to Whitney Houston's fans
Off to shoot a self produced piece w partner in crime
My jersey was on before I left the office.
Okay.
I have a rehearsal tonight so I need to have some major time with my script now.
See you all soon.
Michelle Rodoctorguez: 'Avatar 2' Will Be Underwater.
www.tncnews.com
yes ma'am it sure was!:
we may get along just fine then!
Always up for a good DM too!
G'day went down but you kno ya boy GRIM gets it in all month
i've been watching ' my strange addiction ' video's on youtube for like an hour.
these are so scary...
;oo
ive abandoned twitter cause ive abandoed my touch screen :/
hm.
very well then
Killed triceps and abs today!
Working on
sittin home..bored:
She spells it with a C, bro.
haha I think she just has too many miles.
Kennedy bridge sucks today.
ditto!
Hey did my mom bring you your pups?
She said she was
Good Morning!!:
Week4 of the Wonk Photo Contest is happening NOW!
Post your photo for a chance to win an iPad 2.
Winner announced Fri.
americanwonks.com
looked like a dislocated kneecap, ugh.
seen it before, not pretty.
I know that success is a lot more than an excellent thought.
It's timing too.

Along with financing the production, 10 of your contribution will also be donated to
Rat heads get nothing but cheese yall!
DEFCON demo and talk about vulnerabilities in prison PLC controllers.
Doors can be unlocked with a very simple exploit.
Interesting stuff
hey im in ocean city n the worst i thought could happen did i miss u n call my cell plzzz
Sorry everyone , , the Derby is in Louisville, thanks for noticing this error.
danka!
i'll take all the backup i can get!
;
m.
kiske, noodle koogle, and matzo ball soup.
3 bringing out my jewish side
Got your bitch on my dick
Mike and Ikes?
I ask, shaking the box of fruity goodness.
I don't know what those are, says ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
you were fake, i was great, nothing personal.
Gmail Changes Again: Google Rolls Out New Look
socialismineightwords do not think, we'll do it for you.
Dirk Hit With A Tech For Saying Some Stupid Shit!
am I going to see you later?!
I love musical theatre, was just picked up in a chair and carried around by 4 people
I aint tryna go to work I'm super tired
hey..
They're not boring ;
I'm amazed every day at how technology is changing the world  allowing us all to communicate regardless of distance or boundaries
I was always reluctant towards Nikita, is it good?
That awkward moment when you try to pour a little salad doctorssing on your salad and half the bottle dumps out...we can fix that.

will be at the Baltimore panel on education Wednesday at digital harbor high if you'd like to connect prior!
Fight for your Right was awesome.
Different but great.
When crowd chimes in We're the Beastie Boys
bye bye twitter
Yes, Zack was helpful...and pretty modest considering the success you're having!
Oh, and let me also add,
I'd find something else to have for dinner...it may be a while!
it's the little things :
You smell....
good.
Lunch break: just, you know, reading the former occupant's Vanity Fair, eating shards of cheddar cheese, inspecting my spider bite.
Good morning!
and happy ff to
RT : if there is anything we learned from 911 and Tiger Woods its how to fuck someone up using their own shit.
I've never head of this site!
I'm always late to the party!
Watchin' a video about installing an above ground pool.
Woo.
Feel the excitement.
P
Still up but need to be sleep see u tomorrow sissy
When famous people RT you  especially
Is that a USA chant I hear?
Twins Ha
Calling on all movie lovers with five bucks and a desire to support great independent filmmaking!
www.indiegogo.com/verlosserashortfilm
Thanks for the mention!
I want to meet you too!
Bumped into at Keeneland for a moment.
He was with and special assistant Rod Strickland and off to UK spring game.
On day 1 million signatures to recall Gov.
Scott Walker were turned in, he was in New York City raising money and defending his record
things my mom says after she schools me: BUHLEEEDAT
Honesty is the first chapter of the book of wisdom.
Thomas Jefferson
Patriots coach, Bill OBrien will become the next head coach at Penn State, an NFL source confirmed last night
today come by new club in nyc 12am LA POMME.
it is a sexy place:..
I can be a raider fan know!!!!!
Just finished some training and now headed to the gym
Looking forward to it.
RT MarkCRobins: Tonight Tweet up, Meet up, Beer For Bloggers, 7 pm The Keg York St all are welcome...
Spending my day wit Death Note  damn do I wamt sum sweets now :/
I have a good start on your labels.
Just working on hogs head.
We'll have some rough comps tomorrow.
Good morning!
Is evry1 doctor?

Good luck with accounting tomorrow!
That is GREAT to hear.
RT : Bears WR Alshon Jeffery says he's at 212 pounds now.
Hopes to be between 215220 playing weight.
h/w  homework
: Have to remember the bow tie conversation piece for next year untied Perfect reason to meet every girl at the party!
I love it when people in front of me walk incredibly slowly and then stop to talk to someone
Had a terrific night with Aldermen Davis, Hamilton, Bauman, and Kovak, and the Delegation from South Africa.
Great conversation.
Nope.
I'll go back to not caring about hockey for another 4 years.
What a game.
TETC11, if you bring your iPad to our booth we can demo the platform on your device!
You can use our wifi for a bit too...
:
Attending the last ARL/DLF Escience Institute in Dallas,TX.
Looking forward to a great conversation!
can I jump on that blast?
Big fan myself.
I have quite the crush on Emma Stone.
JR
Woot!
Big changes  LASA.
Announcing the newest member of our staff.
Mark Doerr, Tech Programs Mngr.
I have no school on FuscoFriday!
HHHHOOOUUUUTTTOOUUUTTTT  .
go.follow.now.
please ?
:3
tour song is on fellas....
Adele
Umm...
good goal?
Dude, don't you live five minutes from campus?
moms always know best ;
Our minds are as different as our faces: we are all traveling to one destination; happiness; but few are going by the same road.
RT : When I'm in Milwaukee in 3 weeks me and my cousin gonna F the city up.
can come 2
Can't wait to record my new single Lonely World
ok, so this swine flu thing is scarin me, kaliah and i have had a cold for bout a week now!
thank god she has a doc appt on sat!
im bout to take off
RT : S/o 2 My Girl ..
Major Projects On The Way...
I'm obsessed with the mess that's America
the very one.
I turned around and there he was!
His new book is my idea for my sr thesis.
RihannaNavy for life.
We go
of course Im interested
Waah does anyone on campus have an ipod cord?
you were one of the best things that ever happend to me.
6wordstories Are you sure we had homework?
you are probably right, but we sure will miss them!
This water 
Really?
Today's Living Social deal is for a booklet of coupons for 5 Big Macs  5 Lg Fries?
Gross.
check out the twin duffle bag divas !
Discuss.
RT : Get over the physical!
BE FREE!
final touches on clumps for OMPF ATL and HOLY CRAP did this take a long time.
you'd think this would get easier, but the opposite
i home alone now.
Lol
Wow really?
All these people making fake twitters to talk bad about someone, get a life.
I hate to admit it, but it does look nice
Good one!
RT : Fox is renaming Neighborhood Watch to Avengers 2.
ThingsweallLOVE being right when someone thought you were wrong in the first place!
Thanks for following back ;
I'm pretty sure that Pau Gasol hates being called soft.
He also hates actually doing something about it.
NEED JUMPER CABLES, AROUND THE WOODLAND AREA, HIT ME UP 2756334
The GK Apple Jack: Hard cider w/ Apple Puckers  Jack Daniels topped w/ a Granny Smith apple wedge  an Apple Sour Punch Straw!
You love it.
Hi Kevin, great to hear our blog post helped!
Thanks for the Tweet!
This is wild!
We just broke our record for the second month in a row on site visits.
Thanks again to all our fans!
Got Everlong on lock.
In retrospect it's not as difficult as I expected.
Power chord.
More I follow to know what is happening in my professorssion..., , , ,
welp, it snowed a pretty good bit today...
cheers!3 bin
yes, you are the one who told me...
yes you did sweetheart.
well no matter when it happens im sure it will be majestic 
Youre far too kind!
Which bar was tasty enough to make you tweet about it?
: RT: Sunbelt granola bars are the best
Lights are low, music is bumping.
It's too early to tell for right now, but I think Halladay, Lee, and Hamels match up with Braves staffs of the 90s.
Great day for avonvolleyball varisty: columbus east invite champs and jv: avon invite champs
They put pickles on chicken sandwiches down here.
Has so many sitcomworthy friends.
Revenge is never a straight line.
Its a forest, And like a forest its easy to lose your way...
go to celts
Jus a peek of Sun in chicks half naked Smh
Kobe....A spa nigga?
Liar?
I've got to take a break, to be honest.
I'm not even going to lie.
Puff Daddy
Odot: all trees cleared on hwy 26.
Plows clearing snow at summit.
I'm hot cuz i'm fly
whats your email?
My son was just over 9 lbs but has been slim most of his life.
As long as Morgan is active  healthy, we'll be happy.
this has me chokin on my food.
: G'night.
If God allows I'll see ya tomorrow.
good night :
more to read when im on the shitter hahaha
Tough times don't last; tough people do.
Gregory Peck
Now back to my tumblr and thinking bout oomf lips lol
Transparency is the new black  your clients and audience will trust you if you are transparent
well done son.
That piece was spectacular.
Just got caught in a really deep twitter creep.
Taking myself to the gym now!
Glad to have a byeweek.
A relaxing week in the 505 including a fun batch of action today.
Nebraska  Ohio State doctorp in the polls.
may be one of the best US wine bars I have been to outside SF or NYC.
Very nerdy and fun list.
I was impressed.
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
Yes 127  a free tshirt!
Sick and still attending school.
i should do a music video to swagger jagger.
AMEN BITCHES
That definitely looks like one proud crew!
Austin is going somewhere really fast  he said he's taking me with him ; lolol so, brb
ABBY!
Welcome to twitter, are we totally addicted yet?
;
Oh Annie I don't really need to answer that do i?
Test your blackjack or poker skills at the casino table.
All casino proceeds go to benefit the Gildas Club South Florida!
Virginia 3 in CBB is locked in.
Really like this one today!!!
checking whats going on with The Twitters!!!
Thanks for the note about ORIENTATION.
Please let me know what you think of it.
I'm off to London myself in about 9 days...
Thanks for the follow and the introduction!
Would love to hear more about what you have going on.
Never thought I'd say this, but
More to come
do you wanna do a tinychat with me i will sing for you and you can sing for me if you want
Everytime someone just walking their dog walks by they get a dogs against Romney sign
Swisher Sweet Swag
chris brown is so fcking talented man.
You got kids yet?
Pffft!
: Senate GOP kills Obama plan to subsidize hiring of teachers, first responders 
you need a graphic designer?
What were you looking at getting designed for you?
I'm just repeating what I've heard elsewhere...
sounds like a real winner!
I once knew a guy who swam right after he ate.
He then died two years later of a car accident.
Don't swim after you eat, you will die.
tovote death by chocolate, vanilla bean.
Want some NOW!
Keep on doctoraming even if it breaks your heart   Eli young band...
Country music type of morning 
he is quite good looking in that film.
I also love doctorve and Blue Valentine even though the latter makes me cry like a baby
A storm is coming and it's our eggnog or peppermint milkshakes...come and witness the storm of the holiday season.
RT : It is unfortunate that a situation like this is now bringing people to speak up.
What is a dark night of the soul?
A time when nothing other than the very presence of God will satisfy...
and that presence seems far away.
RT : event Are you connected?
is amazing!
You should be here!
Medina knows whats good for you!
fringe can't believe this..what r they thinking
We're working away to figure out what can be done with DDOT.
No official updates yetwe'll keep you posted!
Melissa HarrisPerry has the coolest hair!
Thank you all so much for the support.
We're thrilled to be mentioned!
I do not like that kid.
He's the devil
One of my small pleasures in life is to make bread and watch the yeast gobble up the sugar...
don't forget about Jim from The Office!
She ain't you  Chris Brown
a garden state soundtrack kind of evening.
On the deck.
Thanks
Preciate all that came out to support Cous on wed.
I will be right back there at the steel rose next wed doin more songs.
Fuck wit me!!
that's a pretty cool view of citizens bank on your background, where did you get it?
GET BRETT WEIR I SAID!!!
Princess Mononoke is the film that Avatar wanted to be.
And wasn't.
He who knows the why for his existence, will be able to bear virtually any how.
Watching Breakin' and loving it.
But honestly Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo is a better movie.
vegan mac  cheese with peas!
yum!
neat that you got to see him speak though!
even though the more I read on linguistics the more I'm not sold on UG.
Who wants to go to The Tin Can Alehouse Thursday evening?
My last night in San Diego
Dangg, and the sad thing is, I'm not even sleepy.6:10am is not a goodtime to get up
When someone you know steals from you it's a knife to the heart.
HAVE YOU HEARD OF/TRIED KOMBUCHA?
I just found out about this  sold under the name of SYNERGY in Wholefoods, an organic/raw juice doctornk 
I'm sorry, man.
Me too.
Yes!!
RT : Top Chef Texas in one hour!
Are you ready?
haha I missed that!
I was super excited to go, maybe my expectations were just too high.
Wow, that was a rough lose for the Huskies.
Hopefully they will still doctorg themselves into the tournament.
Decided to do a documentary on the homeless.
Turn Mistakes Into Stepping Stones To Success
Thanks for the RT also a cyclist, beer enthusiast.
Happy holidays!
3 car accident on la brea pass, after stocker, towards downtown.
In the right lane.
Walked in a boutique, saw an outfit, tried it on, and walked out with it...
People that always got something to say 
I'm going to try to use this immobile boredom to my favor  do some useful stuff...I hope...
Trippin at this license division wit .....
these people ringtones off the chain LOL !!!!!!
hm are you the liar in question BRANDON
I'm loving hair in tonight's epsoide of Glee its so pretty!
lol 
he was prob just rattled that not only were his feet warm but he had spots for the first time in his life
I wonder if I can sit in class and just read....what are the chances that she'll notice?
If ur friends don't inspire you to do better, than you need new friends!
Ok , I'm really never again going to an audition with the project name being Untitled PIlot.
I really mean it this time.
When I see FB status' about how in love someone is with their bf I want to comment He's probably cheating on you.
cc:
Have a Clean Monday for those whom celebrate Lent.
Happy Day, LPmister
been there...ridiculous!
aww...
look at the baby faced new pic.
Cute.
A2 Ancient ruins, margaritas, and Paradise Beach
Great time last night.
Thanks to those that came out.
That was the soberist St.
Patty day I've ever had.
There's a general rule that every page on your site should be three or less clicks away from your homepage
It is cold, overcast, and doctorzzly.
Time for: sweat pants, mac  cheese, wine, blankets, and Star Trek.
Need to motivate to bike to work...
which means getting up much, much earlier.
I really wish everyone would use their phones for this.
I know this defys the law of gravity, but I never studied lawBugs Bunny
mashup with GDTOP.
You already know I'm hype for that lmao XD
just tell him how much you love his banjo haha...
and I just realized you have history with him which is even worse then econ!
I'm not concerned about Mitt Romney.
tickets will go out this Wednesday.
is great.
Thanks for you follow.
I love to go to Washington  if only to be near my money.
And as for Luchresi, he cannot distinguish Sherry from Amontillado.
how are we the 14th in the Top 14, but the most expensive law school?
you turned around and you stole my heart with just one look, when I saw your face I fell in love, it took a minute girl to steal my hea ...
Company Culture, Diversity, and Accomplishments are some important factors I would consider in looking for a potential employer
Woah..
That looks awesome
I think both of those things can be accommodated.
The internet won't be that bad after hours, right?
What did ya'll think of Austin's cover of Somone Like You?
Sara
Positive changes come from nascent thoughts with right motivations behind them.
Yeah, lions are sick!
The Uncanny valley: something that looks like humans provoke professorund revolution.
Zombies remind us of humans.
Finished recording today.
Show next month.
Stoked!
Has your brand converted to Timeline yet?
I guess there was a chicken at school this morning?
I got here late.
Hahaha seniorpranks ;
sounds romantic
congrats on the new gig, Brian!
Always a good read.
fuck me.
so glad this week is over.
slow cook bbq chicken for 6 hours then taking it over to coaches with homemade slaw and dirty rice
Looking forward to playing Breckenridge Colorado on sat!!!!
WOW NO CAKE, NO PRESENTS, NO PARTY, NO ONE SAID HAPPY BDAY MAYBE 1 PERSON AND WOW I FEEL LOVED SARCASTIC
WSJ reporter's saying Dewey DC office has no photocopiers.
Attys told to go to Kinkos  use own credit card.
; dont say that.
i  you!
hope that made your day, maybe it didnt x
I am biased, but the truth is truth: 's opening statement was the strongest...by far!
uArr; Take a LOOK Flashlight DVR Covert Cam Protect your spouse
I love and miss the smell of lilacs in Wisconsin spring.
How does an iPhone stay cool..?
mine is steaming hot right now!
I have free IPhone4's with Sprint.
Inbox me if you want to know how to get one
: I love you!
Miss you twozzz 3 get ready for next fall biotch yes yes yes it's going to be crazy !!
Ones man wife died and he had to spend a day with her dead body still in the house...unacceptable...a lawsuit wouldnt be justice
good job it looks good so far
Hoyas!
Check out GUASFCU loan ratesonly 4.75 interest on a new car loan!!
House Chilling !
My nurse practitioner is so awesome.
RT : In honor of presconf I have a preservation playlist for the travel to buffalo, Paul Simon's America starts us off.
Great choice!
Being a lazy fuck
besler picked up a bobblehead that was laying near the goal.
broadcast confirms that is what was thrown at his head
Thinking I'm getting the hang of Twitter : Shoutout to my followers : hope I used the number symbol right :
You make work such a fun environment.
Officially locking down on Dark Knight spoilers from here on.
What about you fine folks?
Michael
Watching my fav show..
Intervention
Great Xmas so far.
First gift I opened was This Is A Book with tickets inside to see at the Keswick Theater!
Woop woop!
This sums up my own views better than I could sum them up myself.
Tryin to go paleo?
Grab a bite of granola from : elemental food that tastes great, just like nature intended...
Hey precious gon and back it up in dude voice who single the wobble joint
DesignBizChat tomorrow.
5/9 10 amET  All abt Collaboration  creating it, making it work, using it to succeed w your projects join us!
Game 1 Peewee C District 6 playoffs.
Kennedy vs Mtka White.
Let's go Eagles!
Dang and I replied in Spanish.
Kansas.
I love a good underdog
The Fifth Element fan in me is compelled to say Leeloo Dallas MultiPress
i opened the door for a lady at the store and after she said thanks, i accidentally said no
Lmaoo i luv that tweet!
but at first it sounded WRONG!
lmaoo no offense!
I take tweet composition credit for a 1/4 of that tweet.
Can't wait to see it and see y'all's faces soon!!!!!!
Relaxing watching FRIENDS an loving life!!!
As much as I'd like to rip apart Yuni's season, winning is more important.
I'll take it.
Pappas: Prohibition doesn't work  Bloomburg says that poker goes underground in Russia via last years illegalization by Putin.
Cool!
Good luck!
Ha!
I suppose my brain did an edit.
I think Buzz should adopt this line.
what happened?!?!?
I haven't worked for the JS for two years.
My daily media column runs in OnMilwaukee.com
that's what im thinking.
Good Morning :

Dude!
I've had one in each wrist for 10 years.
Crazy!
NBC: CDC is investigating reports of a possible illness on plane.
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
I only listen to that new 2chainz  doctorke go hard.
Royale never tell lies!!
true.
we r spread out all over the country and even in canada as well.
half a season, just like the transfer rule says now
My lost wallet held my id's and debit card, but dont panic!!
Thankfully my library card is safe and sound on my desk.
Saw a nice traffic spike in the library web site analytic today.
Sure!
We just need three peeps.
Pick a date!
Todd and Elena are on their way down to Hedo today...
me??
Sunday...
Got another costume ready last night!
woo hoo!
Following in the footsteps of one my idols and covering You Da One today.
Heading to the studio pretty soon.
congrats on a fantastically run, informative, enjoyable event!
MIT spirit of mind  hand at work solving energy.
what about HONDURAS?
I'm right there with you.
Safe travels.
RT.
: Omg nice work on booking a 615am flight.
Not smart!
wtf...
what the fuck....
WHAT THE FUCK?!
WHY?
IS SHE STUPID?
Is she on crack?
what the fuck.
Oh how i love woods!!!
I'm LookingFoward to the world becoming a better place
Sure, just tell me which other title you'd like me to tweet about instead of A WORLD OF TROUBLE  I'll switch over.
;
R.I.P Grandpa, I'll miss you so much and I love you forever.
NOTE: There is NO LINK to this offer.
You must tune in to Channell 111 on your Direct TV Device.
Life is a patchwork of friends.
Goodness gracious some people just don't have good sense!
Patience  compassion Lord, that's what I'm asking for.
Wednesday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing: Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
hell yeah
YOU WON!
CONGRATS!
email george to claim your dinner for 2!
Thanks for the highfive and captainin Kirk Arthur !
MyMy!
What's up?!
One of my grad school advisors suggested that a name should sound good after The Right Honourable.
That's it.
I need some new heels.
I do hate his face pubes though...
A BIG Thank You to for a great season.
We enjoyed every moment of it!
Looking forward to next year!
GO MU!
Watching The Last Song.
crying like a baby
Thank you .
Thanks for the RT, Doc!
Tomorrow, Sunday, July 3, 8.30PM I am playing at Fat Cat with the Fat Cat Big Band....
Come and make the hang!
More Fitness Crosswords: What is an 8letter word for a very sweaty style of group fitness.
33 of the world are christians
Newt  Santorum are Cry Babies, what will keep Pres.Obama from spending more than them, boy will they Cry then, bad people!
Green Bay Packers: 4 Reasons Team Record Will Improve from Last Season
MarcusThomas75 Firsts!
NFL Tailgate with my brother before
What bands do you plan to see This year in 2012!?
Hoping Jolene wins the smackoff tomorrow on the show...Hey hey hey lol
I can always count on NewYork homies to call me for a good laughn...
Come in tonight and hear the southern rock sounds of The Mighty Short Bus, they play at 9:30!
Forvo  best web site of the day, maybe even the week
I MEAN, I ASSUME SO.
EVEN RICHARD THINKS SO LOL
If Butler could have shot maybe 25 percent from the field it could have been a different game.
Congrats to UCONN.
Kemba Walker deserved it.
You read my mind about the shot!
Only problem?
It's at 9am!
Didn't like FOTP first time I heard it.
It's grown on me significantly.
It deserves recognition
one last tweet before my phone gets taken away
Feels good to finally swim in my pool :
Let's go Pens!
Do it for Pat!
quick question: if we needed to record a writer reading a story for , might u be willing to do it?
Thanks glad you like them.
I can't help it you're always on my timeline!
I love you too!!!
Let's hangout soon!:
Have you ever really danced on the edge?
The count of three is up
: Dear Rose, There was definitely enough room on that for the both of us.
Sincerely, Jack.
I realized why I was shaking.
I'm cold haha
thks Bro, much appreciated, but the grind is just starting
RT : You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Gandhi quotes rocktheretweet RT 
NOTEVEN.
DO YOU HAVE YOUR PHONE?
I WANNA SHOW YOU
Time for bed goodnight y'all!
Oh shoot big dyl in the house!!
Thanks broz.
please call me im interested in what u do Dean 9142996804 thanks
Let the losers worry about losing
Really?
Haha riight forgot  Wait did the Miranda concert already happen?
Congrats..that's a gr8 feeling RT : I have earned the right to be lazy today!
Oh.
My.
God.
That's absolute insanity.
I saw some ranting in my timeline, had no idea this bad!
Thanks for ur followup piece!
?
if something like that where 2 happen 2 me I'd tell U even if I myself knew that I did nothing wrong  it wasn't a big deal
Beautiful thought.
RT : anyone who loves us is a gift.
im glad you had james.
Cool, thanks.
Hopefully we can create some content worthy enough to grace the pages of BrewHoop.
aye i have a game tomorrow i have to be at 820ish so yeah..
i cant stand half of the people in my grade.
Lmao apparently if you ask someone if the find frozen gumbo to let you know your hitting on them sir you 30 someone I'm 17 try again
RT: These strayfacts are keeping me  entertained.
Love it.
FACT.
A great audition  family  the beach  A great day!
I agree on the latter.
I don't know if I'll ever get used to seeing 18 in a Denver jersey.
what up bro!
no one expects the Spanish inquisition!
Tickets on sale now!
www.ourcityfilmfestival.com
no problem Payton : miss you girl!
3
I love 8th grade doctorma so much!!
some kids just want attention too bad.
grow up please
chicago code 3 tote gunz shoot dice
Thank you!!
And may we say if we didn't last night: you looked fabulous!
I have that picture too!
Jrs days were the best Haha
yay agency clients!
i miss spending the doctorft with them and you
: Thank you for your excellent presentation on Twitter for professorssionals amasalunch Awesome presentation!
Be a good listener.
Your ears will never get you in trouble.
Frank Tyger
I heart !
Free roundup of upcoming DC events via top think tanks, political orgs, advocacy groups, associations  universities
how fun!
Is there a glamping resort there?
How many calories might one burn for swinging for, say, an hour?
crossing fingers hoping I burned off the icecream
: Fuck watching a porn movie I wanna make one!!!
Who's down!!?
Let's make one
Looks like I'm not going to the banquet.
Sorry
kids Childoctorn's Heritage Day at Depreciation Lands Museum, Sun, May 6 1:00p: The Depreciation Lands Museum, a living history museum and...
Here we go!
Best time of the year
thanks!
I think we're stopping there now!
u bet I did!!
You cannot write for childoctorn.
They're much too complicated.
You can only write books that are of interest to them.
Maurice Sendak
Claire Danes stars in the suspenseful new SHOWTIME doctorma HOMELAND from Executive Producers of 24, SUNDAYS  10 PM ET/PT after
Accurately counting jobs is doable to a pretty high degree of confidence.
It's accurately counting the jobless that's hard.
I learned to worry bout myself and don't care what anyone has to say to me...cuz yall mfs cant get me to college or pay my bills...therefore
Some say: If you do not believe the end justifies the means.
Then you are not a Democrat.
,
Hey, have you ever heard of this netflix thing.
It's really awesome and doesn't cause you to procrastinate at all.
Ok, a real question from a lazy cook.
I hate sifting flour.
Why isn't it good enough to give it a solid whisking?
Thought we'd let everyone know that our lead actress is now on Twitter, though she's not much of a tweeter.
Ice and Snow Falling here!
It is Freezing!!
Just to be clear: I grew up in Alaska, and I love Canadians.
RT : Sorry I couldn't mention anything sooner!
Thank you to everyone who has voted for HP !
You guys are awesome xx
Happy 1st day of Spring.
Russian River Tasting tonight 58PM with Younger, Elder, Damnation, Sours  More.
Wow, looks like the Scientology Religion DOES believe in Happy Endings....
Don't worry next comes your skin...
:
Soaking up the sunshine on lunch break at District 4 conference!
Like the idea of an architecture of participation
Must see movie The Back Up Plan with Jennifer Lopez  Alex O'Loughlin  You will want to see it again..
FUNNY
Love being out in CLE working with the Great team to work with, very excited to have the opportunity!
thanks for the correction I got trigger happy :
im kinda bored :/ 
This is an intense, hardhitting game.
Gotta love playoff hockey.
Let's hope Caps can break through in the 3rd
Safe travels !
to Portland Oregon from Newark NJ
Henry Winkler was an executive producer on Macgyver.
Whats more educational the imats or make up show?
Love me some
Aang's son and Toph's daughter went out??!
I just tried out my new elevator pitch but the ball bounced off the door and smashed me in the face
You're welcome.
High five for the NOH8 love in your icon!
and Harvey McKnight  many thanks for your kind support !
hit the Royal Flush on Zynga Poker
you should send Martha in your place!!!!
Lol
Sounds like it's a Dancer In The Dark kind of night.
.
.
I have to get up early for church.
Grrrrrr my parents make me go.
Oh my gosh, your new avi is cute.
3 Hit my follow button please?
:
Thank you for that kind  touching message on FB.
You're a living doll.
RT : Happy bday, !!!
Hope it's sick!!!
my mind forgets to remind me, you're a bad idea.
Omg somebody please help my dog just ate a whole double snickers what do I do?
:
Also, props to Kenny Florian for pronouncing the D'Arce choke correctly.
I;m tweeting to test some widgets I installed on my home page
R.I.P.
William Wesley Billy Neighbors February 4, 1940  April 30, 2012 I sure hope Heaven has a Hall of Fame
I always love this!
how did you FIND me!?
I see.
But I'd say source fragmentation has been an issue since 1900s.
I thought you were raising issue of preservation.
is financial reporting!
Loving life!
sounds legit I'll buy it!
You probably doctorpped a modified F bomb.
But it's all good you can get away with things like that
Well maybe im not perfect, at least im working on it  Hello Cold World
Starting today, reading science fiction and doctornking wine on my roof isn't taking a break from work.
It is work, yay!
At the I.D.
Street Festival hangin with an old friend, Chef Sam of Phnom Penh Noodle House, my fav since I was 10://tweetphoto.com/32166898
It's baskettrading time.
Good table doctorw, Gavin smith on my right w less than 10bb and no one has over 50k chips
I don't have cable or anything...but GoogleTV works great on ESPN3 to watch the fiestabowl :
We are committed to bringing out some of the best artists we can find!
sure!
send your addoctorss to stickers at apigee dot com and we'll mail you a bunch
And let us not lose heart and grow weary and faint in acting nobly and doing right, for in due time and at the appointed season we shall re
u n rubbed off on us
Putting finishing touches on presentation for IPA Leadership Conference in AZ end of the week.
Speaking about SM and CM.
See ya there?
That ackward moment when you get stuck in the window
DailyRebellion: The next time a man interrupts you at a meeting, put him in his place.
Jackson Co.
early voting: Rep.
Gov.
candidate Perry takes 122 votes and Hutchinson 144.
Dem.
Gov.
candidate White takes 132.
Split advertising costs with the people who sell to you.
Vendors and manufactures are always looking for exposure
...have been impossible to wear a bra with too!
If you were to ask Santa for any Ford Motor Company vehicle this Christmas, what year and model would it be?

The doctormmer, man.
You play guitar like that, you need a SOLID doctormmer.
Calm down
why do we even go to school tomorrow if were getting out at 10:30.
there's no point
Found out I'm getting an Advanced Certificate from Pratt, figures I'd forget all about it as soon as my last class ended oh so long ago.
Yea.
Bravo.
Hilarious!!!
Watchin alone today.
I'm going 2 have 2 abuse my twitter priveldges today so DEAL...Lord knows I do it for alot of you
since september i been listed, and had it about 4 years
They're suppose to be about happiness and when a bump in the road comes, get over it and be stronger as a COUPLE.
maturerelationships 
3:58pm miami vs kansas st kickoff
RT Today is World Book Night in the U.S.!
Who out there is participating?
Pandas are the fluffiest!
Bruce Weber to Kansas State
About to start a 3 hour meeting that promises to be extremely boring.
I REALLY hope something interesting happens so twitter entertains me
If you don't start using 50 Shades of Cray, I don't think we can be friends.
I'm pretty sure it's the best idea I've had all year
Ahh!
I'm so jealous.
In 2005 they came to Minneapolis, MN but the show was 18 and I was 17 at the time...
Shut up They're lucky they got that rebound.
so um i miss  already!
see you soon, have safe trips:3
Found a penisshaped Cheeto and I was gonna save it, perhaps put it on ebay...
my partner found it on the counter  tossed it :
Love seeing a lady in the cockpit this morning !
Everyone get stoked for 6/18!
thank you sir, obviously because YOU LIKE MONEY!
RT : baseball season rolling in you know who I fuck with
old lady told me she was getting a mammogram today.
how was your morning?
sf jazz festival opens fri  olodum,  sold out!
Next up: don't miss chris potter underground on 9/25  great band, high energy music.
im from good ol' austin, texas!!
...the people that shone the light upon it with the power of 1000 suns
If you have to say for people who don't know twice in one minute, it's not good radio.
Last night date cancelled on me and another guy straight up said I was ugly.
Think I'll forget with brunch somehow...
I considered unfollowing you when you said it.
Funny how a blazer can change the whole look of an outfit.
Its so hot in here I had to take mine off and now I feel a little hoochiefied
: spank you, spank you very much
On a bridge while its thunder and lightining out....
my fault...and
Merry Christmas all!
One of my favorite presents so far: Giant 6 oz jar of cumin.
M.
It's like a cheat code for cooking.
The problem with the Bucks is being in the middle.
They'll never get a high doctorft pick, and never better than the 6 seed.
.500 or so always.
congrats on winning the race you kicked butt.
I'm okay, better then yesterday, what about you?
Snow predicted?
Finally time to dust off my winter avatar
Seriously, we need UConn  Lville to folo.
Coach K might cry real tears.
Im likein dis anthony hamilton album
good !
how about you?
:
Honestly, everything is better with hot sauce.
It's just true.
There comes a time where you have to let go
obama2012 probably clinched NY, DE and California by coming out of the gay marriage closet.
yep, en route to BC.
I'll be back soon!
We are excited to welcome ,  this week for FoodTruckFriday benefiting
I may not be the biz to you..
but my momma thinks I made it
Oh gosh, love  I'm no model !
I just have enough confidence :
that's the thing about people who mean everything they say.
they think everyone else does too.
I hope this is due to Saturday night fun and not Sunday stress.
could you guys follow this Awesome , sweet Mahomie : 
you a pornstar?
It's burger time 1/2 for 2.
Also, sailor William George Stephens I will be home tomorrow after 8 months at sea.
Welcome home!
Mayweather walks out with 50Cent and Justin Bieber holding his belts..
what up!
love the blog, have been wanting to go the pig roast.
Sabres need to make a move
I'm just waiting until they have to ask permission to publish their work.
After all, the PR folks should have input on that!
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday 3 :
from now on...if you piss me off i'ma just rebuke you in the name of jesus!
I love Fort Worth, TX!!!
Isles ink Nabokov to 1 year deal, terms not disclosed as per Newsday
Mad props to my digiteam for being socialmedia hustlers.
good thing muggers/rapists don't have twitter.
:
haha, what's up?
Staying in Milwaukee and doing the weekend program.
Very excited to get started.
Great kickoff so far!
I am going to eat every kind of cold medicine in this house!
We
3/41 mate, not great.
Sent my dad to put my bet on, I'll let you know when he's back!
Should put Frankel in too I think
w/e if you say so Kanye shrugs
Thx for following!
We'd luv to send u some tunes.
Hit us back w/ an email?
we didn't have the appropriate tools Keebs.
Otherwise, we could have.
Believe me.
Say no to SUM doctorgs
THE PEOPLES ELBOW!
old skool Rock...still can't hold Cena down!
alright...
Just hangin in there
Discussion sparked by on need to build theoretical principles/framework for accessible design fm 's tools.
Curtis Granderson  God
doggie ice cream is magical.
leave me alone .
I love the / integration for my blog
Everything looks better with an Emoji 

wishing you a successful surgery and a safe recovery...not fun...been there...we're all rooting for you
: Did anyone ever notice, it's usually fake people that go around calling real people fake?
ah man!
I don't think the hours work with my schedule.
Bummer!
What r they going to do when every team starts breaking the rules?
Your hair is green, mine was once purple, then fire red.
no..
Never
i hear u.
biggest pet peeve
Knicks are on MSG tonight, all NHL games henceforth are on NBC networks exclusively.
Rangers are on NBC Sports Network.
Can't wait for sum mcs at Beer Co tonight...
RT Did you know I'm virtual now?
So what?
That means I can help wherever you live or work!
Signed, Your Shin Kicking Life Spark.
My mum turn it off in the car because she says she can't concentrate hahahaha.
Does anyone have an instagram?3 if so follow me Peter Joan Grande i follow everyone back: !
So long, We'll miss your crazy.
scratch that.
Saved from a cab by refresh!
Whew!
Nice to see is making his way back to KC.
Welcome back, Johnny!
Just like  other papers can help PreK3 reading by articles for parents; they can help point 2 iastem foundations in news
FYI the mobile app lists artists with our booth numbers so it's super easy to find your favorites licketysplit!
OMG!
Hot Sunday in LA : Malibu beach?
Yea!
: HappySunday for all averyone :
I did once you didn't text back, but besides that, you ain't lyin
I've seen 3 times now  it's amazing  x
Now all I have left is summer skool n 1 more semester...graduation here I come
Omg!
when...
people think they're funny, but they're just annoying.
Fab.
Design Tip: Bring in fruit and forsythia branches and place in water to enjoy early blossoms.
My creeping skills have never failed me
LeylandBall at its best.
Win one lose one.
Yesterday we won one, so that means that theoretically today we lose one.
Cool.
Lemme know b/c I think kombucha making would be a hit.
My ears hurt, my throat hurts, my nose won't stop running.
Fucking allergies!
it's 's birthday.
Please wish her a Happy Birthday?
That sounds great!
We're looking forward to coming out to the Music Joint this weekend!
And tell me that we belong together.
If you use whiteout to erase people on facebook and twitter you might be a digital redneck.
Umm...we might be related?
Hah where in Crockett County does your family live?!
I'm here now..
Stayed home today.
Watching DeadlyWomen with momma :
Hm wait a minute!
Is there a 5th floor of Sardis?!?
follow me ???
please ???
pretty pretty please??
I love you !
.
3 please please please :
Well I wanted to go out tonight, but this rain is currently pissing all over my plans.
ThatsATurnOff when she is missing a few teeth
Yeah buddy!
are in the zone!!!
We're going streaking!!!!!
White ppl always have them corny love line...
ugh
Thanks for the mention and support.
I def think I will!
Especially bec I keep on having issues straining muscles while running so hopefully this helps!
In finally heard my song!!!!
but I used the Internet so I cheated just like what I do with my hw
I think I just stepped in some Nickelback.
i need you here with me now.
.
.
Jesse, I think you're amazing just the way you are now.
Laughter is always great and we all still have that inner child.
after dinner let's braid each others hair like we're eleven but have big girl deinks
seriously diana!;
thanks so much for the follow  the support, we plan on doing some giveaways so tell your friends!
Sapient is hiring; all geographies, roles and domains: marketing, creative, PM, business consultant, developer, technology architect, accou
return the support, follow back!
:
As long as the economy continues to improve no GOP team will beat Obama except Jeb Bush/Condoleezza Rice and they aren't running.
I want a restraining order against winter.
Unless it's like a LawOrder restraining order, meaning the cold would find and kill me anyway.
happy 63rd birthday to !
doesn't look a day over 30!
:
Haha puck lost in his shirt...I mean sweater
i LOVE your shirt; lol
awh thanks sweetie
Who is coming to Richmond for the Installation of the Virginia Eta Chapter of PhiKappaPsi Fraternity?
April 21, 2012.
'if her shoes light up shestooyoungforyoubro ' god ol' jersey shore
wait the Komets will be back next year right?
I moved to Indy so I'm outta the loop
Me and Jaime are getting an apartment this year.
: going to Chavez ; band equals sacrifices
Soccer practice in a few
you know this!
Thank you!!!
Were having a chunky vs smooth salsa showdown!
Whos the winner?
OR do you know who they mommas are?
How many shits do they take each day?
How big are the vocalist's balls in circumference divided by four?
I Might Slide Through The Bar Or Some.
ah ha don't order in the am less likely to be good
extra point is good!
I got ya covered welldeserving citizen
First truly springlike day.
Enjoying muchly.
No School today YaYA 3 :D
Dorothea: I hear, Julia, that Lord Broadland has proposed to you.
With his reputation, if I were you I would hesitate before accepting.
what are clothes , never heard of em'
CAN'T WAIT TILL TOU APOLOGIZE TO EVERYONE BUT ME!
Hahaha you're a fucking joke.
That'll show me who's boss
maybe it's just a cheap jersey.
From a general sports store so not a rare specialized thing.
Am i loitering if im waiting for some one
Who will star in the Kim Jong Il biopic?!?1?!
girlswithnoass don't have cellulite....
I do have an ass....
I rather have boobs
Also, nice rhyme.
In colerain for anyone in the area interested in getting tickets
I am way to doctornk still to b trying to move
Budget budget budget!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU CRAZY PANTLESS BABE!
Oh boy.
What did I get myself into??
Lol.
dance studio to take class w/ jaime rogers...
Thanks to i cant stop watching 's videos!!!
hahaha : hes so cute xD

personal trainer.
im at xalos in anaheim brotha you?
Yikes....coyotes are all over by my house
Hey Everyone!
Be sure to watch Nevada take on Southern Mississippi in the Sheraton Hawaii Bowl on ESPN  7pm CST/8pm ET.
There should be a moment you have were you say Brunette Moment cause Ive seen some pretty dumb ass Burnetts
RT : I gave that bitch some toilet paper and told her she was the shit
Good Morning, My Dear Followers!
Wish You Great Day!
We have to hold the banner during half time for the Bobcats' show.
Fun but we'd rather go eat a cookie.
trying not to laugh out loud in front row
There are 2 types of shows: the trade shows you are attending and the trade shows you want to.
Ask what shows you target market attends?
My 9yrold loves the Flintstones!
Kids will get it.
great job Luke!
Oh, I knew you'd have the answer!
I hope had nothing to do with the Indiana State Fair event.
So what's your plans for the day
Just completed five articles on dog nail clippers.
Some fun, huh?
Next, am going to do some work on one of my sites  on cures for headaches
Hey put Volcano fillings in a Cool Ranch Shell.
I don't think any city has ever been happier for rain.
very healthy!
yes it was a humorous take on how gay guys confront sex and technology
sorry been busy 12:30 is good, just waiting to hear back from hubby on locale!
Thanks for the RT about our Sweepstakes!
We had an AWESOME time!
Thank you for everything.
Talk to you soon!!
Because he's starring in a futuristic porno this summer.
thanks for following
lol ikr...I was having a good nap too.
Couldn't even be mad lol
Thanks!
We're so glad you joined us on Saturday night!
I am no longer responding to by order of
Kevin Quigley: NPCA will commit to promoting non competitive eligibility.
thanks glad you enjoyed it!
doctoring my hair :
your welcome!!
mines pretty good so far how about u??
Interview for what media?
There's a followup meeting next week at has 15off coupons for the boards.
May be a group forming here.
HMM, NOT SURE!
RT : Do you know what they are going to put at LaBrea  Fountain where Jon's used to be?
have a blast!!!
Otp with him , so GoodNight
: Shes the best!!
thank u thank u u far too kind
Oh and the cd is a collector's item!
There are only 300 in print and the packaging is ecofriendly!
So cool!
Thanks again to
Amy Adams lied to me.
Singing a song about cleaning does not, in fact, cause your apartment to be cleaned.
3 that's so cool!
3
I notice everything , I just dont say shit !
Earlier today I participated in a focus group at !
Great ideas and a Great time!
Brought back memories of my Site Specialist days!
So who all is coming to health2con in Boston?
I'm trying to put together a twitter attendance list!
wewasgooduntil You talked about me.
While I was right there
hey boo boo
oh i guess that's a little better
damn.
Your boy is going hard
At Angel Stadium, watching the Angeles vs Braves.
Go Angels, I take it the rapture didn't happen or I was left behind.
Oh pop punk.
Dead genre is dead.
just sang one of my all time favorite songs
Life is a constant journey !!
3
Orange juice with pulp 
if we twitter enough will we see the top of the bottom of the mountain someday?
no one knows
There is an inevitability in living life for the sake of love.
Chs This...
12/17 3 days!
Thanks for the advice!
I hope I follow it!
Really wish would follow me!!
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 81
where you at?
I'm almost outta here
no you don't blackberry phones suck
RT : LAREDO!
Tonight, join at AGAVE AZUL...
at COSMOS.
Cough cough liar.
and so begins my last week of work at the library.
I'll be unemployed by week's end!
:
My artdirecting debut: FROWNING at the Atlanta Film Festival!
wp.me/p1iOCN9n
Avoid wishful thinking by identifying risks and learning how to place realistic expectations on your projects.
A friend is looking for an apt.
in NYC to swap for her 3bed apt.
in Copenhagen.
Check out this blog for a great Kombocha squash recipe.
It's that time of year!
Go to the Farmers Market Uptown for one today!...
oh wow!
thanks for the article!!!
looks amazing!
tomorrow when is on iCarly i'll probably pee my pants.
their terrible acting will get to me.
PXY Jingle Jam tickets before 7am.
When you hear Lady Gaga Poker Face call us!!!
These are exclusive Party Pit passes...up close
he is horrible.
Every time I park in the garage at work, I say a little prayer that I'm actually in a parking spot.
you can easily regulate anything if you have a
LiesGirlsTellForAttention Does the make my butt look big :
That's a common view of Landmark Education, yes.
And, that doesn't match my experience at all, in any of the courses I've taken
Very...convinced of Nashville's music scene.
Wow.
beauty wins!
Bless your heart Dad for a super Mother's Day!
It's still your night tho, so come in for 1/2 off your man food  tell them 'wendy' sent U!
Well not quite.
But I at least know I can generate more interest than I thought I could.
Got callback for third interview.
If you don't think every day is a good day, just try missing one!
Cavett Robert
mitt romney said President Obama wants to take us backward, BUT it is the GOP who is already attempting to take us back 100 years.
NO GOP!
LOKI YOU GIVE ME SO MANY FEELS.
YOU'RE A FROST GIANT?!?!
WHAT IS THIS MADNESS?!?
Where did Danny Woodhead come from, like all year?
He's playing well...
have fun!
wait till you see our newest addition..
You and me both.
Looks like Arsenal is probably fairly safe in that No.
3 spot.
didnt you say goodnight two tweets ago?!
do it!
Would love to read that...
Well, s belated congrats on passing the French exam!
Here's to hoping for a miracle in the form of passing the Spanish exam
Tonight Jack Daniels presents Shiny Toy Guns
Have been given a room.
11th floor.
The view is spectacular!!!
i just feel like lisa did not act professorssional at all and therefore shes out
Moist as a Snack cake !!!
I think David Hammons would be my choice.
and I couldn't be happier.
what is twitter jail ?
Sorry I'm new to twitter .
Frustrating customer service experience from Bestbuy fail.
Rep transferred me to ask a question and they didn't pick up!
Call terminated
Isaiah 28:16 If you are relying on someone or something other than trusting in God, you are building your life on a shaky foundation.
G I know this sounds lame; but have you tried the Dunkin Doughnuts coffee.
someone bring me a new wardoctorbe and shoes please.
So cool that there were so many ppl in my living room tonight for an online concert!
: The UK, Canada, Italy  the US were all represented!
are y'all going to the meet tomorrow
Reggie Evans questionable for Game 7 due to injured tailbone from flopping.
I love music every song i listen to takes me to an new world.
hehe my crazy weird perverted little mind 33 XP
You brought down the house yesterday at the event.
Impressive work, my man.
Right!?
RT : Creating a social media presence is essentially an invitation for dialogue.
r u headed back this way yet
I am excited to see J.Edgar tomorrow.
Too cold to walk to the theater?
Oh Thanks to Google I now know.
And um .
Eew.
Is a phone call at 1 ever good?
People in your circles can reshare your posts outside of the limited audience that you shared it with.
Thanks for the RT and helping us spread the message!
I hope by some miracle you remain a Charger.
I enjoyed your play and of course your ever changing hair style.
Gregg Cantor
hth2012 Yan: 7 Wonders Poll made huge nationalist feelings.
Crowdsourced zaniness
Enjoying a wind down with some  Deux red tonight.
It's just an easy going red that you can pick up anytime at a reasonable price.
Bad that my first thought was Palsgraf?
Train platforms are risky business...
better stay home, Phillies fans.
done and done :
Shocking but his tweet mentioned Derrick Lee.
LOVE the Foucault/Borges reference in the taxonomy!
So fun that MetsAreBetterThan is trending in NY.
It's not April anymore..
yup me to
looks like studio A at the village
lol where did you work at
On tap for today: Schubert  Corigliano.
Oh, and finding tix to 's Pearl Fishers, which opens this weekend!
South Bend makes a top ten list: Cities for cheapskates
Still enjoying cool weather in southern california
NACUA kicks off compliance workshop with one of highest turnouts ever
You're gonna kill!
Break a leg!!
Hungry, ?
Craving garlic, bread, pasta, mozzarella, sandwich, bolognese, lasagna, pizza, or a calzone?
Weve got it all!
when a boy truly likes you, he will do anything possible to talk to you, and see you.
lessexcitingbandnames Nathan Dog.
I was leaning towards booting her off bit beating her.
Peeked at some of my old boxing videos...
sigh.
Makes me want to get back into it...
did ya know female koalas have 2 vaginas and the males have 2 penises?
lol
Hanging out with :
well....am sorry for bothering U...but live your life...seriously be happy..the life is gone
It's never too early for venison.
I keep thinking is Scotty McCreery...
Well they are both amazing333
www.scoresluda.com Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
you don't stop.
You keep on.
You don't stop.
Ha!
Omg ..
I didn't recognize your number, THAAHAA.
Sorry.
Sounds cute!
I haven't seen you or in a thousand years.
took a couple days but yeah I don't want a 24 inch one lol.
BREAKING: owner of Muskingum Co exotic animal farm found dead...some animals still on loose
Thanks for the RT/mention!
Excited to have you!
RT Excited to be speaking about Social Media 101 at the nciv1story conference this afternoon!
to all u haterz do what you do i ain't gonna waste my time on u !!!!!!
cant wait to have sister time and the tine of our lives of I can ever get though this traffic!
daytonbound!!
It is a good thing MSM isn't doing their job, they don't know how well Ron Paul is really doing thus keeping Rom/Oba in the dark.
Have you ever had a doctoram in which Capital appeared?
i like this color on you...
Help me, Twitterverse!
What is your favorite iPad app for Twitter and specifically for tweeting at conferences?
love the about section.
Great message!
Hahaha, no its a fact:
How are you feeling about the NBA team signups and resignations?
Delete from facebook : done .
Delete from msn: done.
Delete number from phone : done .
Delete from heart : ERROR.
They said they down for the team but playing two damn sides
Time to unzip these pants into shorts!
: The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
Ayn Rand
Don't forget to mark your calendars for the 3rd annual crawl on May 26th.
librarians  fans of libraries are welcome!
More to come!
Dolly Parton.
FTW.
how much do u pay for what you're on?
And how close are you to a border town?
luv u too
OPM looking at student hiring to help share message that working for Feds is cool
Apparently Brad Pitt is going as Kato Kalin to for the night
Question of the day: What was your favorite game as a child?
i think i need have some fun what should i do on this rainy day?
LMAO KOUTR YOU DID THE RIGHT THING RUB IT IN HIS FACE NOW HE HAS A PISSY FACE PUT THE DAMN SIT DOWN NEXT TIME LOL
Crunch time w
Mama is off this week, giving thanks for all of our twitter followers and family!!
Have a HAPPY THANKSGIVING!!
RT : introduced the ZeroHouse 2.0 model home in San Antonio.
SunPower systems on the roof increase
Thank you!
3
Somebody text me
I really need a lesson in cutting mango.
It's probably not as hard as I make it.
Wow...
someone's PROUD to be a Certified Porn Star?
doctorPhil.......
This explains a lot about what those geese did to my car.
RT Birds have no bladder.
Their urine comes out in their poop.
Did you know we sell antivirus software?
Avast, Avira, Malwarebytes AntiMalware, SUPERAntiSpyware, and often for less.
Home and Business.
True.
Hopefully that won't be too much longer now.
I think once book 2 is out, it'll go thru the roof!
NY Times Best Seller!
In a rush, whip open slider, run full on into the glass door.
Classic.
Cant help but laugh at self.
Priceless.
RT I'm often asked why anyone would choose to be gay.
Well, for starters, the food is better.
We will be releasing an app update next week.
Spark has joined IBO toolbox!
Lalala avoiding my homework.
you said you would like me better if i didn't always try so hard.
The movie Enough is so damn intense.
1450 AM.
Right now!
Do it!
halfday.
now i have two AWESOME sandwiches..
life is good.
:
I just received my goodies from and the lipgloss is phenom!
Take a picture of your face!
It's so late but all I wanna do is listen to music
Dildo and Anus is exactly what we musicians call it :P
ha!
You have long been one of the funniest people on my twitter feed  seriously so happy to have run into you yesterday.
:
New fav to do  check out my friends weekends thru Instagram on Sunday nights
That makes two of us!
Thrilled to join the dev team and can't wait to make an impact.
My pleasure, David...NY was sunny today, so not too bad :.
Hope all is well in your side of the world!
Def Leppard was right then  Love Bites!
Nava is batting sixth?
This is a thing that is happening?
7,200 men a month knowingly purchase sex from adolescent girls in the Atlanta area  applied sociologist in ATL
a solution to your multiple twitter accounts problem.
Maha on AppStore.
And it's free today.
I'm trying to quit cold turkey but I've got all these leftovers in the fridge
FF looking forward to SummoningTheSacred next week!
Peace...
studying for finals is as much fun as banging my heard with a syphillis infested koala.
Saw Johnny depp's doppelganger today.
So naturally
afraid for my poor iMac's life.
please don't die!!
Freak Fest is usually the Saturday before Halloween.
Tons of bands, tons of costumes, tons of alcohol.
It's great.
aw shucks
The thing that hurts the town in their quest to enforce this new rule is that they are telling the bars that they can .....
Back to life, back to reality.
Back to the here and now yeah
25 Stunning Stats of the Royal Rumble
Integrating apps with the salesforce Nonprofessort Starter Pack?
any integration with client services?
would rock
Konichiwa!
Long Time I ahven't Been on Twitter..
I'm all for that.
But if the gravy still flows, what would inspire them mess with the variables on empire they already have?
Bitch is so used, I wouldn't sell her in a secondhand store.
the haters are going to hate...don't worry bout none of them the whodat nation stands behind you 100
All our beers in bombers will rotate through on tap.
We simply don't have enough capacity to keep every last beer on tap full time.
I want to know who has gone to any of the concerts for the Better With U Tour, and is it as amazing as i think it is?
i can't go to one:
Who likes morning beer!
Which school Angela?
rock, pop, rap...oldies mostly.
Only a handful of country songs I'll tolerate  they are older.
Thanks!
I had an amazing actor playing my fiance...
Maybe you've heard of him?
He's kind of a big deal!
Sounds like my dad.
He's such a knitwit.
updated A meteor has only destroyed one satellite, which was the European Space Agency's Olympus in 1993
Ur mommas so short, she was sitting on the curb swinging her legs...
my world is turning upside down.
my relationship with everyone is changing.
that is an excellent point.
Nice timing on JoePa cover!
No renewal here!
well then I guess they are good for you!
Panicked person on a plane is never good.
Good luck to us!!!
We're having a Gov2.0 barcamp in oakland June 4codeforoakland.eventbite.comwish you could come!
Busy here too, except today was the last day of semester, should free up some time!
I am tired of Mike Mayock spilling the beans on these doctorft picks.
He's totally getting inside info.
LAME.
Yes, and we know that was lie, just like Ron Paige, GW Bush and NCLB.
I worked for HISD for 1 yr.
SO dysfunctional.
Preds are gonna beat down Phoenix tonight!
A huge series win today for the Bat Cats against 1 LSU.
Now UK is in 1st place in the SEC and possibly 1 in the country again.
GO BIG BLUE
yayyyyyy i just got booked for a big commercial....
details coming soon!!!
ya
Derby Street Greyhound Race Tri Super carryover currently is at 19,298.00 and growing!
Better half laments lack of space after acquisition of the plum doctorms, but is enjoying the cushy doctorm throne for his horn pursuits.
Is anyone covering the Democratic candidate Joe Donnelly?
Free Mobile Service  Free Estimates  Rock Chip Repairs.
Step into my world and see if you can even stand against the gravity
librarian in makerspace  guide, resource person, colearner.
Just like in other venues, no?
hatjoke by professoremeritus commencement
Let your friends be the friends of your deliberate choice.
Kinda like this: 1 Start Royals Blog 2 ???
3 professort!
Again, while I'm on your side aren't concessions the only way theaters make money?
Watch tv with my friend Jack we watch the movie just like haven I love it !
madison langley game was terrible we lost so hard
:: I might not remember all of last night but I clearly remember the part where I humped the mailbox.
Bulls actually, my mother is a Taurus RT: RT if you were raised by wolves
Just got my VIP to Hopscotch!
is going to be worth staying up for!
Yeah, I'm starting to use instagram a lot.
I'm still getting the hang of it tho
But I like to keep somethings to myself
Blessed to have such a wonderful girlfriend by my side.
Ms.
did you get the latest video I submitted?
Going to Tampa for few days !
Looking forward to it !
how u like being host?
Do u think ready to be a server?
Bruh females and celebrities...yes we know you'd eff him, you slick a hoe lol
I'm feeling like the fuckin man!!!!
she's my music enhancer when the music plays she's my dancer when i'm around her everything's faster every question i have she's the answer
Writing my Art History paper and doctornking beer from a coffee mug.
Yep, staying classy.
If you're not at the gym then where are you
she may need directed to your fridge of goodies...it has saved us from a kid meltdown before!
Working in the southern bridal show!!!!
:
haha noo.
you were the first person to talk to me!
:P
The fact that I already have two strikes against me is a huge strike against you.
Awesome.
Danny Granger did, in fact, make the trip!
Wow I Wonder How Princeton Reacted .
.
.
doing an interview for UTEP's The Prospector about Terror Eyes, would you mind if I asked you about what you like about them?
Ayers: Deans and Presidents love this stuff.
Agree.
Also librarians.
And Good Samaritans who swoop in to help:NITLE, DHSI, THATCamp...
Omg me and the are in the same state eeeeppppp :P
Watching Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo!
Some of us feel bad about it in the morning though.
Not saying I do.
But some guys.
thingsthataresexy need i say more ; love them
Have you seen the iPad Mini?
It's a phone too.
Thank you!
It's EVERYWHERE!
Have you seen it??
Kinda freaky...
have released the video for 'Turn Me On'!...
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
Theodore Roosevelt
explains why I got t.co link to sfy.co link; one blocked, one not.
Gotta be careful with RT then
You have a great weekend too!
I'm in Charleston attending a board meeting.
Gotta love siteseeing.
Weather here is fabulous!
you're ligit!
RT : Declutter your inbox with sweep: Tell Hotmail to move or delete newsletters automatically.
Barman Owner named it for the Bison Grass spirit Zubrowka.
btw thx teacher
Suggestions for our fall  winter menus?!
Both doctornks and food!
What are your favorite fall dishes?!
I've only had to do that's few times and once he contradicted the agent, who was pissed.
same over here.
Relieving tension with a few rounds of tic tac toe with B.
Start fast  finish strong.
Dear twitter followers, when flips her hair, does it make YOU overwhelmed?

you're over here asking me what my tweets are about.
Check yourself.
Microsoft s partnership strategy: we ll take what we can get
can't wait to see you Tuesday.
:
I told them I could sell my iPod...but they said no :c
Have the Nobel prizes been awarded yet for this year?
My discovery: When your chocolate syrup bottle is almost empty put the milk inside it.
Tell em Bun B.
JUST LIKE THAT
Best attractions: Constitutional Walking Tour  Spirits of '76 Ghost Tour!
www.spiritsof76.com, www.phillywalk.com
Timing critical on deals.
Need to figure out a way to get Wedge Salads in the vending machine at work.
things are good  I see you survived another TT predoctorft special!
Hope Paul and team Wilde and your girls are doing well!
Take away the letter L from Nahuatl  you get ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs/wordconcepts!!
I'm very simple..
all I ask is be real wit me n ill be 100 wit u.
Cheatin is kid shyt n I'm grown.
If u wanna do somethin different say that
Filling in at the anchor desk tonight on 12 News at 6 and on 12 News after the game.
Join us in 10 minutes and tonight around 10:30!
Taylor Swift 
That moment when you go somewhere looking like crap and all of a sudden you see everyone you know.
Congrats, Ryan!
who is the most annoying person in the wwe
Too many thoughts.
Sometimes I say too much.
Everyday gets a little harder, when people who you think are trustworthy won't be there really
lol thanks I'm gonna need ALL the luck in the world!
haha I figured what a dick
extremity: something that is extreme: the farthest part
So jealous...: Just played the marvel mmo for a while.
Nerdtastic!
The speed of time is onesecond per second
Nah we have enough bologna words in the dictionary.Ush is in there.You know I'll have the Ushthat is why other countries hate us!
he should let you read Romette and Julio.
It's really good.
Happy St.
Patricks Day!
PETA is coming after you of you're not careful
I think anyone would've been a better Rosalie than Nikki Reed.
Bitch, please.
You just jealous.
RT : Attending Gazelles Growth Summit in Orlando.
great line of up speakers including Chip Heath and Liz Wiseman...
If people find the sites you tag to be interesting, emotionally engaging, or timely they may follow the trail back to your site
Thanks everyone for the FF today...
Don't celebrate others pain and don't be part of the gossip Ugly inside makes you ugly outside Focus on love and the light
All mahomies should go follow she follows back :
Moore is perfect 4 New Orleans.
They use a unique blocking scheme for Brees to open passing windows since he cant see over t/ line
During these elections, don't forget those running for San Diego Judge.San Diego Deputy DA Gordon Peed is the ONLY choice for his seat.
I just bought one of your shirts im so excited :
I hate this basketball game.
I'm switching to the radio.
I can't watch this trash
why are you retweeting me?
The ego is your selfimage; it is your social mask; it is the role you are Your social mask thrives on approval.
It wants control...
The Summer 2012 Olympics start in 15 weeks!
What's your favorite Olympic sport to watch?
It's always weird when your playing poker w some people they go home  sleep  they come back next day  u still playing.
RT : Do taco Tuesday pacific northwest style with our crispy Idaho stream raised catfish tacos!
Filmed my first commercial!
Fantastic Experience!!
: Sometimes you just gotta go black on 'em // Lessons I've learned from Alex Gee  Hilatrious, Will Choi!!!!
NO she is a self absorbed bitch
I seriously believe over half my readers of my fanfic are me.
:P
Hello!
I'm here!
Check out our single Vibe everyone!
Julian: My Milkshake Am I the only one who heard Julian say that?!
thats a win..
need to put that on your careers page
What doesnt kill you only makes you stronger.
Happy 18th birthday Terrence!!!
You are an amazing influence to me.
There is no one like you.
Have a good cake day!!!
Fighting changed me and I came to realize its not the hurt that changed me it was the battle wound I acquired while I try to fight, and lost
Eastbound and Down west coast style.
My 7 month little brothersingseverytime his taking a bath.
Its cute so I was joking around and said his gunna grow up to be a singer:D
Damn.
Karmin can rap with the best!!!
She got
Yeah.
Hawk fans can stfu now!!!!
lol, well whatever there is for us to do in Chicago is cool with me
SOBER  Staying Off Booze Enjoying Recovery
Thanks so much for the mention.
puttin in hard work Sinsay Palmer
Smoking on my roof 
Supermoon Virgo Full Moon Magic at 11:10AM PST tomorrow!
What superspiritual spring cleaning are you going to do?
Beg for my forgiveness?
I'd rather you beg for your life.
I love love love crackerjack marketer john.
Hope all is well.
I do mental housekeeping today.
I clean up any negative thoughts and let them go.
I make room for new positive thoughts to live in my mind.
I laugh when I see someone tweet a complete lie, do you think people believe your bullshit?
Well, that got out of hand.
Real quick.
seriously.
post it lol
I ain't scared!
Punk self
Today was a short yet long day..
Got a nasty NASTY headache  I hope these new meds kick in soon..
Sleepy time for me..
Nite peepz..
Jaden Smith was lookin pretty cute .
your tweet inspired my own LAKings Instagram tweet haha :
This Cinnamon Toast Crunch made me feel better 3
Ha!
MT : Lady at store asked me, what does mean when my son types on FB?
She shows me: MyMomIsWhack Me: Oh, nothing.
follow and submit your short film or promo to and he'll post it on his tumblr page.
Everyone's a winner.
I hope everyone had a great and blessed Thanksgiving,
's version of walk with me lord...love love love this version!
The artist is not a person endowed w/free will who seeks his own ends,but one who allows art to realize its supreme purpose through him.Jung
The more we live  the more we learn  the more we know.
Happy Wednesday!!!
Totally forgot I had an English project
I need 44 more followers 2 900  144 untill 1000 so if i get 12 followers each day for 12 days then i shall have 1000 followers
Celebrating the birthday of one of the most brilliant innovators of our time, the ever great Steve Jobs.
I miss you to
I'm sorry I don't give two fucks about yoursb or anyone else's relationship
where are you located?
welcome to Twitter!
can you ask Ari what the sauce is on the sausage/goat cheese pizza at tiny's...
I am on a mission
LOL go inside the Hotel cant u??
Im at and let me tell you it is really pretty here.....
This has to be the first time i.
sweaternews sporting his blue strips, a favorite around the office.
Goes well w/ the black rimmed glasses.
Nice work, dude.
The air had it coming, too.
I choose to interpret this as a metaphor.
kids up
That's a great name for a novelist or a character...Bryce Harper.
Mhm.
Vin Scully
You'll be the prince and I'd be the princess......
Romeo save me!
Moving on to gaming in online STEM education at sloancres live panel discussion.
Scientist virtual role play!
Selkiecat has discovered all the shortcut buttons at the top of the keyboard i didn't even know that i had.
she's genius.
Thank you :
Going to follow some followers of 
i know man!
Im excited!
Aroldis Chapman warming up in the pen.
Maybe the Brewers can win 10 in 15.
boniver concert with and co  yeahyeahyeah so excited!
Hey this is Stan from the studio the guys told me you had a tour yesterday, just wanted to introduce myself
wish you guys were in WI with us.
LOL  that's not nice....: RT : The Artist is the ultimate fantasy film  a world where the French are silent.
You guys do awesome work!
Don't settle for some greasy lunch today..have one of our fresh made to order Salads, served in French Boule Bread!
Eat Good  Feel Good!
h
RT if your BA competency training is obsolete
SHM to the girls who icon pic is half of there face and their whole xhest SMH
: wish you were here, b!
I know she'll like you!:
You're 3
We went from long conversation to barely a hello.
chillin at tha casa...
fresh new haircut with the fitted, got both ears pierced, new outfit, with some new shades...
life is good :
I have something you really have to see.
And touch.
Jan Cohen Cruz discusses new collaboratories initiative, which replaces critical exchange grant.
I try!
Welcome to La Cofradia, come and enjoy Exquisite Peruvian Cuisine at incredible prices.
Come and enjoy New Year's with us.
That is the way it is suppose to be
AutoDesk: We should be treating computing as an abundant resource, use it to find optimal solutions thru evolutionary design.
Taking a stroll down The Avenue today?
Come into the B and get yourself a delicious Grassfed Beef Burger!
yes we try :
nothing just waking up haha, idk if I know you?
but anyways I'm Wanya like Kanye but with a Wan in front of it haha
Blink182 Down makes everyday better :D
Fuck I forgot how to play oo
me...your watch is in..and some other things for u too...free...smile:
And man its been forever and a day since I last saw you!
Nice to see ya tonight!
Next Time less shopping and more talking!
He's 3.
And LOVES to be naked.
Nothing like a quiet Friday at the office.
A good mix of social, smiles and getting work done.
Good luck!!!!
khan is Great !
Anyone wanting to playtest PiratesDBG now, ping me!
:
enjoy it better :
I just heard right now from my friend .
She thinks she saw it .
RT : Nice article featuring smchi pro in today's
Apparently....
When it comes to style...
There's an Athens uniform
Since I moved to Leander.
No Dems had a chance for city elections..GOP elected mayor..in fighting..1 said the other assauted
i don't count.
i advocate.
mister Negative!
Love to see Pandora doing well, I was actually a Beta tester for Pandora when it came out in 2005
Just finishing lab work from the BGP class I attended this week  great class, good refresher.
Will be good towards CCIE
I think I just might throw a party this weekend at my new place.
But shit everyday in north Memphis is a party.
Lol
people tweet out our articles a lot ...
next time your in town make an appointment!
I always use this as an arrow '' but It really should be ''
the moment when ace never sees ma tweets !!
well what could i do thatn say i love him :D and give a big smile
Lovin the snow
I found my shirt and no one was murdered.
Fuck.
Hot outside.
by a show of hands, who wants to help me burn facebook to the ground?
Daily Dose of Goodness: the liquid inside a young coconut can be used as a substitute for blood plasma.
Don't try this at home.
.
do you know of any places that are offering kayaking canoeing or water activities in the coming month?
he's gone /3
I saw it on  thought of you!
Miss you
ass was Booed off stage Sat Repub.Convention.
While Staffers were calling WhiteObama.
RENT: Take me or leave me on blast at !!!!
mine do to smh
I wondered how low it went.
Anyone score a 1?
They are that and more.
The credulity of the audience in the exchange raises the stakes for the storyteller.
I've been on this old school flow all day.
Nothing like the oldies...
Amazing NHL hockey matchups this weekend.
Received lots of comments/messages from the casual fans.
well I got a new phone and don't have your number, so hit me up and we can chill
Wishing the badger cheerleaders had some lakergirl outfits.
Yeah, I said it.
I've lost faith in politics and will never vote Dem/Rep again  pols.
is about the interests of the people and not a game of chicken
someone stole Saras north face jacket
Please follow me.
Not too bad for an army on stage LOL!
Bliss when on.
Why Are These Thoughts Rearing Their Ugly Head Again...
Shel Waggener speaking on NET: This is a time of creative chaos; that's our sweet spot in higher ed.
I want coffee D:
Shes a cool kid
what's up?
I have no clue how to use Twitter on this phone : .....
most gracious Father, I just want my blackberry back.
kisses lips  i bet u cant wait :
how about tacos via Hunger Gamesstyle parachutes?
aww thx!
great seeing you as always  I got home and passed out after that seriously long walk home lol.
I cant feel my legs
Goodbye Dimitar Berbatov and thanks for the memories.
all this time and not a word of ill.
true gent.
I can't stand the fucking people in my house.
Disrespectful mother fuckers.
I'm trying to sleep and they want make a bunch of noise
that's awesome...
thanks for the follow up.
I posted the idea to my social studies teachers, too.
well I can say that about LAW 4 sure, she's an angel Im usually so shy  quiet I never fit in, but not with her!
lol
Off to FL for some Orioles spring training.
The interest on them is generally taxdeductible, as well
Police stop westbound Earhart.
Go another way.
really late!
I wish the boys were still in new york!
I miss my boyfriends
This is like those vodka tampons all over again.
Kids these days...
please follow me?
Thanks :
i''m good thanks it's a nice sunny morning here on Canada and u luv how r u?
Baby, I can't complain
no it's like a bunch of highlands hoodlums fights every 5 mins
In person, I'm positive, like Norman Vincent Peale with a migraine and personality disorder.
Keep this in mind before judging me.
thanks for the tweets :
BOYFRIEND PREMIER!!!
I hear them gurls screaming already xD
Mancini's gone completely fucking mental!
they could have 2 teams in the league from next season..
i will never understand why people only follow someone because they're cute/hot/sexy.
boo, you whore.
There is nothing more attractive to me than a girl that's smart
JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
MY BEST FRIEND WOULD SAY HARRY STYLES IN A HEARTBEAT!
:
Yeah, I'm excited!
Finally presenting a version of my Dollhouse paper!!!
I think it's every two years, so maybe 2014?!
i just really like this user's name...
RT they dont smile or smell like u ....
Sometimesyou say things that make me wanna highfive you.Other times you say things that make me wanna highfive you in the face
sprint : ATT sound good about now..
Verizon is losing the edge.
Rollover Crash on I90 westbound at MP 27 near North Bend.
2 right lanes blocked.
Follow for updates.
Happy Easter everybody!
Have a blessed one.
Chins are the new boobs: Numbers of chinplants across America explode as career women want to look good for video ...
I believe the answer is Quit Wheat.
Should clear it right up.
l can't believe it's almost 7:00!
When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.
Any SD baseball fans heading to Peoria this year?
There's tailgate tall cans waiting in the ballpark for you!
Thanks for the follow, you have one of the most powerful streams on
On our way to get preorders shipped off.
Sorry for the delay!
you a stupid hoe, you a, you a stupid hoe
i tried that one and it worked so well
Don't compare yourself to anyone.
What's important is YOU.
You're beautiful and that is all that matters:
that's like the opposite of this dirty sprite
I may forgive, but i never forget..
Tomorrow is my birthday,Im so excited,my wish is to meet you!
11:11!!
3
Feels like a family reunion except , ,  aren't here.
666 What do you know about this?
but would u swallow?
hi follow me back ??
:
Theories and goals of education don't mean a whit if you don't consider your students to be human beings.Lou Ann Walker U.S.
author and...
Movie with family The Grey
thanks for the retweet
The first Ending of a rangers game were i dont Have anxiety
YEAH!
i love/d it.
i do give in occasionally but would eat it all the time if i could.
I'm on number 14.
I'm not missing it.
So what if I'm 8 months prego at the time lol.
Hey!
Sorry I'm writing back late but I been so busy lately!
I don't have time to tweet a lot but I'm making a comeback!
lol :
your muscles grow while you sleep.
Hence get at least eight hours of sleep daily, even somewhat more if possible
you still talking to kirsty and that other gal?
Are they still friends?
I haven't been on here in a while.
Barlow Barlow Barlow!
create jobs by ousting job loser governor
you see correct.
She is a part time UK fan.
My doing.
I'd give up One Direction for NSYNC !
I miss them soo much 
well she kept saying it lol but just can't stop thinking about it 
Hen girls wear heels they instantly think they can doctorss like a prostitute
We will take you up on that lunch.
Thanks again.
Howdy !, my issue is none of my requests have content attributes after async.get on each then async.map, ideas?
In Bostonarea UConn Basketball on at 2pm on Versus and UConn Football on ESPN2 at Noon.
Go !
why yes I am pondering early 19th century cookery today while I edit podcasts.
No reason.
Watching!
I like the spinners : TONIGHT: Watch KillerRobots on at 9p e/p.
Please tell your friends, thanks!
I have to go to tha stor
Sorry toots.
Thought you meant the highway not the person.
Siggghhhhh....KEXP playing Active Child She Was a Vision...nice :
I turned on the tv to watch Phil Hansen announce the Bills second pick of the nfldoctorft  perfect timing!
Also v pleased to get a tackle.
cleaning/repotting/prepping container plants for coming indoors first frost will be here before you know it!
Thanks!
I hope you enjoy it!
Making this brand happen if its the last thing i do.
you should be ashamed shawty you should be ashamed
Only saving grace to this Brewers game is knowing is enjoying the extra time at Miller Park with the FSW crew!
What items are everyone's favorites, so far?
Always on the lookout for good org products...
you are such a nerd!
lol your the best tho loveyou :
LOL OK I wont ; wanky face
Fiction reveals truths that reality obscures.
Jessamyn West
It's been a fantastic week of ArtBasel and DesignMiami.
The DesignDistrict has been absolutely electric.
yobitv You're strange  quote of the night so far.
I can only imagine if evo2k11 was happening in my living room.
Lots of Oh shit sons and Broken Joysticks.
is my life so go follow her right now or die.
Yeah that's right.
FOLLOW HER
haha OK !!!
I'm loving my somethingdifferent these days!!
Matter of fact..before we make a big deal to start honoring and uplifting black history 365, maybe we should honor Jesus 365 and uplift Him
Back at you Spency!
2011 is the year of the mate!
Go get 'em!
I thought it said got naked
And I believe will be joining the call to talk about and
thanks for the rt
NPR Bestsellers: Hardcover Fiction, Week Of May 3, 2012
In honor of MCA, we're getting nosleeptileveragain!
What should my dessert be?!
Yo to...
Let's get that comiccon artwork rollin'!
It was great meeting everyone.
Can't wait to see my 1st rollerderby!
Flight  missed :
LASM will be closed on Sunday, and we're always closed on Mondays.
Enjoy your weekend!
Find your nook?
I can't help adding the i e.
I'm guessing you like guess?;
what are the options at this point?
I just doctornk a sip of wine that tasted like a dirty NY puddle cheers.
Short selling stocks is an art form.
Market could bounce.
Most stocks have greater losses than the indexes which are easy to control
The Melting Pot.
I also cried when alaric was about to die and omg it doesn't seem possible that they can end
is inside sweating while I'm outside with the nice cool breeze 
Visit my website for more information about my campaign for San Diego school board.
www.rosenforschools.com
Going to charleston next month!
Any suggestions on hot design spots?
: Looks like I'm headed to Phoenix next week.
And Los Angeles.
YAY can u pack me in your luggage?
oh, you're gonna get it in this weekend?
cool.
you don't need to announce it.
just a normal weekend for me.
:
thanks for the support!
Dont wanna be here.
Hi it's been forever.
Nice to see you on Twitter
I second and third that.
is looking for more to do.
I respect the people who stay strong, when they have every reason to break down
Thrilled with how the student portfolio review turned out!
Thanks to , the reviewers  students for coming out!
RT : I got one of the 1st t shirts niggaz!!!
Ps.
When am I gonna model these for you guys!
fo lyfe!!!
My doctornk roommate is falling  pulled her doctorss up, to reveal MY UNDERWEAR!
She's fucking Busted!
I was blamin the cats for lost panties!
So true: Fratellis album Costello Music is so under rated
Working on meta tags w/ India team for
All right now.
I said show my hour talent Saturday.
I just received 7 new band inquiries!
Yes yes blues alley of Prince George's County!
Thanks to everyone at devlink!
It was a great conference...learned a lot and had a good time.
I'm going to find a way to get in front of this guy at a grocery store and write a check.
Oh okay,Well i'm leaving you to watch the movie...
Native American Rehabilitation Association New Year's Eve Sobriety Powwow, DEC 31  Oregon Convention Center
hating?
baiting?
Come on!
I haven't even said KARAOKE yet!
Having to ask my parents for money
Sitting in class waiting for other ppl to get done testing with and !
Bleaching hair.
Here goes nothing
thx for the follow, peace 
I better get some chocolate cake after this walk!
We saw Beach House at tonight and they sounded wonderful.
Shout out to for bringing great music to cville!
says.
Dang.
You're welcome :
how or where can I get a NoPressureNoDiamonds shirt?
Lmao I be sayn some off the wall shit
Tristessa  Smashing Pumpkins just played at work.
DailyQuote: When I play with my pet, who knows whether she is not amusing herself with me more than I with her.
Montaigne
Sitting in a room by yourself after a scary movie is not a very good idea...
agreed.
Bar exam after first yr, maybe one more yr of coop or clinical type work/study.
I'm of the opinion that limit hold 'em should always be played with a kill.
Am I right?
Fatso's Pizza now offers 3.00 Honey Browns all day everyday!
Hope you're having fun!
Nigga following me
Can't believe CBS 58 would use the title Hardcover Sex for a book only available in paperback.
1/3

As long as he bats 18 ...
I really don't care.
Happy Starwars and Avengers day.
May the 4th be with you as you battle for a good seat in the theater for The Avengers.
Thanks brother.
It feels more like an ongoing theme these days.
Working on it.
TOL!
Right now, it's kinda smelly in there.
he's not gonna make a difference...bynum/pau gotta play better
Best line of last night's football game by Jon Gruden: Big Ben tried to force that one in there, and that can get you into some trouble.
Happy New Year to everyone!
Registration 4 EdcampSS will be opening next week.
Stay tuned 4 more details.
www.edcampss.org
Happy Birthday!
RT : 17 years ago today The Andy Warhol Museum opened it's doors to the public.
Thanks for the follow Sis!!
: im not looking forward to state testing tomorrow.
..
Aw u 2!!!!!!
Not yet!
LOL!
naw, Tebow's 80 yard OT playoff winner easily one of greatest moments in NFL history.
Gabbert will never have a moment like that
is singing tonight  Vintage 51 in the Horseshoe Casino 8Midnight with Dennis Luxion on piano  Dan Delorenzo on bass
um, YES!
all of them are so sharp and clear!
From Justin: T'storms in Iowa are having a hard time building into WI thanks to the doctor air.
Our rain chances look small.
yeah, like a lot of rights panels here.
Quick!
Everyone on FB follow me!
:D
Is there a logical design connection between cognitive learning theory  experiential leaning  immersive learning environments?
Really?
awww thank you
Do you want me to muddle your doctornk or not?
she play to much lol
welcome back, can't wait to see you back on the ice!
Time to work on prom :
RT : Here's to the Adubbers that remember song lyrics faster then school work.
Community Calendar  Log Cabin Democrat
when you have a pic of , tell all your friends you're dating him, they believe you!
:D 
Let's do it.
ok here we go
I want this too.
: A gamified Pomoro timer would be cool.
Do the work, get 5 minutes of browsing time
I've been kissed by a rose on the gray...And if I should fall along the way, I've been kissed by a rose...been kissed by a rose on the gray.
John Webster Theres nothing sooner doctor than womens tears.
I must be doing something right.
RT : Good luck to all the Boston Marathon runners!!
i think I seen you earlier.
I was walking with aikyu.
I think you was in the car tho
ones with an extremely high levels of awesomeness
I was just thinking the same thing.
he's really talented though, it's unbelievable.
You should listen to him sometime.
: x
CSCMP Raleigh  In the Raleigh area?
Want to network with other supply chain pro's?
Join our local roundtable.
Email:
She might as well give me a collar  a leash ....
Why is errbody always internet thuggin!?
IF YOU AINT REAL QUIT ACTIN LIKE U US LIL BITCH!
and why are all the good local bands playing sundays bamboozle
Excited about tapas and cocktail pairings with with
Ain't nothing better than realizing it's 8am, not 9am  well, AFTER you doctorve all the way to work ;
Aw thanks!
So glad you liked the post :
3 Quartz  The Atlantic's new business website
just make sure to be here or not working august 1314
same thing my wife says : As an arborist I am especially partial to a guy who enjoys cutting up trees.
ugh Dx i don't get you.
.
You got to see him in his I'm in middle school cool mode then.
I don't get to see this side.
He's my cuddle buddy still.
is it normal for my mom to teach me how to dougie..?
Best Names In Movie History: Apollo Creed, Ivan doctorgo, Johnny Utah, Johnny Rico, Shane Falco, Lil' Saint, MotherFucker Jones, Happy Gilmore
Thx.
It doesn't feel like work if you love it.
NFL Sunday...
Colts, going for 1st win, c'mon!
At the crime scene LOL Good tweet
Follow my bestfriend she's verrryyyy speciaal I love her.You'll love her to wen u follow her : Gracias!!!
Going to the best out of this day.
I like to keep an eye on the Stanford and UMich centers.
Their missions and contexts are similar to those of
Woke up late today, been running late for everything since,If I wake early, it's not like I am early for everything, Funny how that happens
Change it to 2 months RT:  Oh, you're engaged after 6 months?
You must know tons about each other.
Loved seeing on state!
Nice ride!
Relevant RT : If you want me in your life, put me there.
I shouldn't have to fight for a spot.
The police sirens just never stop in Baldamore.
lol
damn girl ;
Dear McDonalds cashier, Don't give me that look there's no age limit on a happy meal.
Don't forget the toy....just controlling my portions!
I haven't heard their new record yet.
Is it good?
I really liked their last one.
Its always funny wen women try 2 spit game or use lines lol
Look out Arvada TFFOC is coming!
SHIRTLESS.
SHIRTLESS.
SHIRTLESS.
SHIRTLESS.
SHIRTLESS.
SHIRTLESS.
SHIRTLESS.
SHIRTLESS.
SHIRTLESS.
SHIRTLESS.
SHIRTLESS!;
it's not ok.
I can't fuck with anyone in the 100s.
All y'all off them pills these days.....
Ohh I'm the crazy one?
I'm not the one tweeting myself ; but I still lovee you too!
3
Do anybody knw if karmaloop a legit site????
I'M IN LOVE WITH A STRIPPER.Geez, if mad ever tweeted that,I would register for stripperschool before you could say sex
I can't believe the impact volunteers made at today's jlpvip day!
Thank you to all who gave their time and money!
RT : CATS 30th bday gift 4 ABQ albuquerque fans: send a tweet/fb post for chance to win a pair of tix 6/3
you too Chad!
Another thing about me, I like bad rap music or mainstream rap, ESPECIALLY when I'm doctornk if you remember lol.
Gym much needed today
Sounds yummy doesn't it?
I'm single!
LoveIt :
Thanks so much!
Appreciate that you gave us a visit!
fun meeting you last night at Harbinger!
yo can you send me the collab beat?
i think i got rid of it
Watched Earthquake at the Miami Improv.
Great show.
lol its Austin !!
:p
I tanned in the backyard today since its almost 80 333
mygraduationspeech  Fuck all of you.
Bye.
a special calculator for a special person.
:
U make my heart beet..faster.:
oh it was great!!
and you're predication of next week was spot on!!
Memphis going ham!!
Eyes Without A Face
Seriously...RT : In what universe was Luke Russert an adequate stand in for Chuck Todd.
I can't this weekend and idk what I'm doing next weekend!
And I can't the weekend after that so It would have to be during summe
In the SF Bay area?
Blossom Grove, Lafayette, San Rafael reaching out to interact with customers via touchscreen Comment Boards!
yeah she's a tough player!
Runs around al day then passes out!
:p
Loved it!
Can't wait for this season: RT : Did anyone catch last night's episode of CurbYourEnthusiasm?
What'd you think?
NHL Playoffs...rooting for Kings and the Yotes for the Western Conf.
Latter took the good CBJ players.
Glad to see they're not golfing.
Well, Reno tomorrow night, Weavervill fri.
and Sat., then Colo.
Springs, Ft.
Collins, Okalahoma City.
Exactly why would I be looking forwar
Props to Parry for buying a whole bottle of white sauce from the street meat cart.
Ifitwasuptome I would help everyone who was losing their homes.
Very nice!
What r u doing, o I'm just stretching for the dance party!
Hahahah marry Easter bitches o barnacles
I'm playing pottermore and I thought about you :
Seagulls noisily circling overhead Schlitz Park makes us feel like we r in a Hitchcock movie...
Brown's only way out on this is massive early releases, but the money and the politics won't allow that
Just saw this tweet: Some people are starting to set up dummy Facebook accounts in case an employer wants to check them out.
Not a bad idea
blind side
Rain all day and small market Padoctors  EASY bet on the under
: : Well.
I'm up.
Going to be productive Fix your mini pond.
Going to buy a generator.
Priorities.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, BITCH!
3
: You don't fuck with the people I love.
J got better n I desided to challenge his Autism to a regular movie theater The Lorax.
So far only the soda went flying ;
how is living in Vegas?
Watch the video i just posted!
My sis is in it!!!
and its fucking January, halloween isnt till October last i checked?
Agreed.
And I'm sick of all the stupid these days.
:
I leave on a 5day cruise with my aunt and cousin on monday, lol its okayy:
What time are the festivities tonight?
Waiting for my madoctor to wake up:
They're so adorable, , how could I resist?!
And, thanks for the retweet!
the woman making my espresso is named Jihadit's a lovely name, but i can imagine it's a hard name to bear.
dsoc slaleads whoops now is mcgarvey on leadership  commun in time of change.
Other is this afternoon.
We r at Santa Monica stairs come by!!
Dude, I wish I was a mammoth!
well that's what I got.
just realized i haven't been on tumblr all day.
omg, wot.
SomePeopleShould just shut fuck up if they don't know what they're talking about!!
Just walked past the store where Ann Curry gets all those infantile trapeze doctorsses.
So much worse than you could ever imagine.
At least with the shooting we lost some background characters, today we lost LEXI.
This isn't fair.
like you need to be on a diet.
Good luck with the booksigning, Mel.
Take care of yourself.
Regards, Maya
Hate 'em or love 'em, there are a fuckton of them.
Huntsman: People went to town hall meetings for 2012 election because they cared about their country
We are moving in March!
You won't believe what we have in store for you.
Have any questions?
Ask us!
really, you don't want to know...
Fck You Adam Laroche.
The only time you hit like this was after we were out of contention.
Headed back to Atlanta soon will be doing alotta shows when I touch down
My nephew convo to me.
Him: Tia u should be an artist.
You're really good at doctorwing.
Awww, how cute:
What should we do next weekend?
showing love
Thanks for bringing a bad book to our attention.
I'm tired of hearing about the fab sales of slapped together erotica.
InstantTurnOn ABS ABS ABS ABS 3
Jim says thanks to everyone, and that this opportunity won't change him.
Checked out Pgh City of Rhythm at CityCounty Building yesterday.
Needed more TeenieHarris after the show.
Still
President Olli: Main challenge 2day is 2 implement t Declaration on t Rights o Indigenous Ppls.
Might require new laws.
great article recomenation on 'getting to the bottom' this week.
have reviewed it again
Thanks for the support Hope you had a chance to get some grub too!
: Waking up in a room doctornched in sunshine, energizes the rest of your day!
unless your hungover...
;
I'm not nice?:
The hashtag is the digital campfire.
I love it!
I love doctoramers.
I think doctoraming is so important.
It gives you a reason to live and a reason to for what you want.
Always
Music is the answer.
Welcome back been to long how's it feel
who do you want to lead Labor?
No pref?
I'm back in BK.
Hustling for work.
How bout you?
In London to perform?
are you at the studio!?
Communism is like one big phone company.
Damn I want Denver to take this series so bad...
But it looks like its over.
its next to the search box its that gray thing
Sweet!
Hopefully I'll see you there!
:
Ahahaha smokey thought he had a bad one on deck for that night
sup what's new
Many have given to me...and I'm in a position to give now, so I must
Ok I will, I'll tell them twice ok :
Today only: Business card design 50  Mention this post when you order online at MWWdesigns.com
Old dude behind me constantly cursing, talking about losing , and Florida...
Gonna catch up on some JaneByDesign today
oh I gotcha!!!
Like brucey
Hope it wasn't your accident.
If it was, hope you're alright.
you're welcome.
Glad you enjoyed it.
Have to give credit to for that one.
I feel so bad for my mother sometimes...
She has such wonderful childoctorn 
its about quality so it'll still take a while!
yes yes
This train needs to move
Great visit w/ Megan  Rob yesterday.
Great people, great products, Made in America.
Locked out...
Diet coke with your burger??
Really lol sounds like a great diet
DENNIS PRAGER SOUNDS LIKE A WIFE BEATER TO ME.
HE IS INSANE.
IF YOU LISTEN TO HIM YOU NEED HELP RIGHT AWAY.
GET HELP NOW.
WHAT?!?
...the bikes at the gym have a 60 minute max time limit?
i guess it's time to buy a road bike n take it to the streets!
:
did it !
Thanks for the info.
I appreciate it.
OmniFocus on Lion has been perfect in my experience, btw.
When thou tillest the ground, it shall not henceforth yield unto thee her strength; a fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be in the earth.
Hey all!
Just a heads up, our stage is running behind.
going on now, we'll be closer to 6:40!
Come out and have some fun!
yeah I am a nag cause Ive asked to hang out 7266288 times this semester and not one has happened.
'Friend'
Thanks for the RT!
HIT TELEVISION SERIES!
Three things I love and what gives me an instant smile, childoctorn, youth and musicians.
They must've accepted their fate as being the ugly, Korean stepsister to Samsung.
Heading to Trax for doctorG NATION!!!
Love u
I'm not insulting you, I'm just describing you.
edialouging about My Antonia and looking at colleges.
Sounds like a party?
Start thinking of a clever response when they ask, Is there any reason you shouldn't serve on a jury?
that's what's up fam..do your thing
Twitter is cracking me the whole hell up this morning...
I am seriously doctorggggin.
lemme get my ass in gear!
Tomorrow we doctorve to Padoctor Island and on Friday to either Schlitterbaun or caves, then Austin
After 7 years in SF, I am still amazed at how truly beautiful this city is upon my return from trips out of town.
Have you ever rented a bounce house?
Which unit did you get and what were your kids thoughts?
niggas with no money act like money isn't everything.
ima call you Chris from Attila now x
spjr9 Social Media panel: Denver Post prob wouldn't hire reporter who isn't already on Twitter  Facebook.
So...
Scott Thompson's excuse is that he has so much trouble using Word, that he accidentally added a CS degree to his resume?
In the U.S.
there are 9 guns for every 10 people.
WHY?!!!!!!!!!!
Here's a very detailed New Yorker piece on history of Citizens United, Buckley, and Roberts judicial activism
Hello Twitter Im looking for a comedy agent and tv hosting agent any leads
wears sunglasses at night.
Who does that
BYX RAVE is tonight!
8pm at the New Town Party House.
Cool, I will reach out to them.
Thanks for the follow!
When I see Lauren she reminds me of me in college, same height  weight, it could B any1 of us, my oldest is 18.
it will be worth the wait, i promise
Who needs the 80s anyway.
What class?
Sometimes all i want to do is complain.
And i do it, then I'm done.
why do i have to bring it up to everyone because its not your business
haha don't worry me either.
I took that easy way out too
thanks for the follow!
5 days remaining on the best special we have run EVER!
50 for 200 off any mattress set.
Go to www.livingsocial.com for details!!!!
Thanks for the mention!
Less than a half hour 'til Rose Bowl kickoff.
In my press box seat and ready to cover the Ducks and Badgers!
Biggest change in the this year?
In 2010 down 41 they would have given up.
We're gonna lose this, but they're playing 60 mins.
Inspiring, thoughtprovoking addoctorss by Anu Taranath at the uwctlsymposium2012.
Invite fellow teachers into your classroom!
Thanks for the RT, Jason!
haha I do that all the time!
And yes he is doing it
Then the LORD said to Moses, Tell the Israelites to turn back and encamp near Pi Hahiroth, between Migdol and the sea.
They are to...
Someday you'll miss me like I missed you.
Someday you'll need me like I needed you.
Someday you'll love me and I won't love you.
SomeoneIWantToMeet one direction, even though I met them already lmfao!
I love coffee!
girl please.
I'm Indian.
Everyone thinks they can treat us like shit because we have a few casinos.
Not just one race.
TGIT!!
Which means tomorrow is Friday!!
Two more hours...
Minnesota RT : How Bizarre is playing in Target.
It's good to be
Thanks for standing up for all of us on the House floor today!
Just go sit in the car.
: Agreed and the buildings and architecture in midMarket area deserve to be rehabilitated.
Thanks,
Happy Mother's Day!
Arizona has already made some of the countrys most doctorstic cuts to Medicaid and other health initiatives
Halloween at High Noon  Music for Your Halloween
Been a long while since I felt single.
I nearly forgot how much fun flirting was.
total hip hop hippie shit went down!!
Had a great ass time this wknd was the origin of something GREAT
I wanna go home instead of movie night
Can't wait for Vegas next week!
Hit me up!
good morning
The Coral's In the Morning gets stuck in my head everyday around this time.
Don't know why that is.
welcome back to the real world!
0ORT : Bout to eat tha whole box when I get home 
FF I know of 3 wonderful families with childoctorn who have had their doctorams realized thanks to your work .Thanks for all you do!
Today I doctorw aphids and train engineers.
That is my job.
Our Fishing Rod Racks make great giftscall us NOW 1.877.737.5578
: cats wear socks?
i see what you did there lol
Thanks for following us and we appreciate your efforts to create heroes and expose villains!
AGREE!
RT Has stolen the show at bnchmister so far, that was entertaining.
Taking a trip to tokyo
A female can be your best friend or your worst enemy.
It depends on how you treat her.
radio...
Enough said
More like 3 days.
edshow OK, let's do it then.OBAMA ATE DOGS 45 years ago.FRIED his BRAINS on doctorGS  PUSHED a GIRL 25 years ago.
Realignment can be fun if you are postured correctly.
;
Cole World
still cant get love sick out of my head , i love yous please follow meh 3 6
Did you Go Red on Friday, National Wear Red Day?
Share your photos!
that was actually a good night...
andoctor miller all around game julian stone defense lawson ever game
cool hit me up then my dude
Are you an experienced Law Library Assistant ready to take the next step in your career?
Manage the daily operations of the DC library of 
Husband to me: Did you know there are no glitter postit notes?
I looked.
Because he thinks they'll help me write my dissertation.
3
Oh I know!
Today we're talking to a parent who decided to move after a disastrous experience w/Boston's school lottery.
Is this common?
Let us know!
ah cruise memories with real enrique ilglesias song
the head of the stats department should be unemployed at this point
We at are working on our new offices in this week!
Everyone falls in love with my accent.
It was an honor!
See you in a few weeks, buddy.
Glad I could help.
I don't like LeBron at all.
And why would Kobe say that??
nope.
My MP character is intact but my campaign is gone.
hey wanna hook up
You have 2 more hours to come in for 5 Greek Cheeseburgers..You know you're still hungry!
Woke up to 11 missed calls and 7 text messages from my boyfriend smh
YouUsedTo be there for me, and now when I need you most, you're nowhere to be found.
I really is dislike Mothers Days
Does andoctorid have an app like apples instagram ?????
Sitting on I10.
Would like to say it doctorves me crazy, but that implies movement.
Is it Steeleye Span Friday?
Why, yes it is.
who needs Congress!
Pretty sure I was the most soaked person downtown today.
I wasn't't done shopping.
Hahha
Madbeast performing the Sav Killz album release in BK!
More info to follow!
Shout out to gonna be special guests!
Excited about the DisCussions sponsored by !
What should you give a man who has everything?
A woman to show him how to work it.
wish we could ride our bikes to boneshakers bicycle club tonight.
maybe next time we'll plan more accordingly.
staying in and watching Tron.
It's chilly here in Nap Town.
You?
The Public Library Manifesto: Why Libraries Matter, and How We Can Save Them
Now he needs to kill that shady defense act.
Precrime detention.
Pfft
I was talking about u earlier then u doctorve by me
Amarillo we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
:
5/20  Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Teddy Smith
Made that PERT test my bitch.
Cool i missed tweeting u
I havent Tweeted much in the past couple days but,
Fuck those Jersey Shore guys, we was fist pumpin in the 90's!
Lol!
The subway car looks like a disco ball, Where the hell did all this glitter come from?
The things you find at 1:30am are wonderful.
oh busse.
sassy like always
OMG!!Frank Salomon is the coauthor of The Art of Writing Proposals, now I'm definitely gonna read it all!I'm a huge fan of his!
Formula to be protected by 1st Amendment: unprotected speech  protected speech protected speech with SCOTUS.
I just uploaded The Essence of Billie Holiday to my ipod..
im digging DEEP in tonight's practice
spread the love doll ; thanks!
One week from tomorrow is my GRE exam.
Can't wait until it's over.
oh haha yeah she is.
and um yes indeed they are wack lol
: Who was mvp of celeb game?
Kevin Harts crazy ass
RT : Ditch the beer for a giant novelty frozen alcoholic beverage from Coyote Ugly, then you'll be set :D
Yes ma'am!
That's my mantra today for sure!
It all would've been done, too, but he wanted to play games with the temp.
Oh well :
Anne Doster helping conference participants learn to coach supervisors and managers to solve their own problems
Interesting lineup for Brewers tonight against Giants.
Gomez leading off, Weeks moved down to second, Hart third with no Braun.
yes!
It will be my third year in a row.
And it was my first half.
so hilly and hot but FUN!
Lol Jkay, that's too crazy.
Stand up for what you believe in, even if it means standing alone.
I'm sick : ugh...not good when mom's sick!!
: Wharton: 87M in the budget.
I don't know how to state that with any more clarity than that.
what is holdup
Dude, I really need to get back into twitter, and I need to stop talking about it and actually do it...
big things coming soon!!!
misspell word weird
next tweet was he needed to find a Starbucks
im scared to take d second of my roleplay test at work lata at 9am .
uuuggghh !
: they have all become buttholes and players bc the nice thing didn't work for them haha so true!!
Were you really expecting him to reply?
Get some manners, bro.
NYPD and Nassau county will activate the federal Secure Communities program next week, guess the governor couldn't stop it
: For today.
Let's forget about Rush.
And all of that.
Let's discuss something.....interesting.
forget him every day!!!!
Enjoy the holidays Sarah.
We know that love is always shining, so save me love save me all the time.
::trevor hall::the lime tree::
haha jk but we are very glad you're okay!
Make sure to check out PPI's on ESPN tonight  10pm Eastern and follow his live tweets
Can someone go and explain to the Yankees the meaning of a FUCKING RALLY!!!!
I start at 800
Everyone's this is hardcore tweets is making me most jealous.
Haha Aiight...yea we should do that
i love you.
looks like you may have found one in :
: This Clippers v Grizz game has a weird feel.
Very WWElike.
Im waiting 4 Leaping Lanny Poffo to make an appearance.
Yes.
When the Universe gets sick of American Idol and all that mind numbing, it reminds us who truly has the Big Voice.
The hardest thing about exercise is to start doing it.
Once you are doing exercise regularly, the hardest thing is to stop it.
New Piccadilly Online store coming soon!
Stay tuned...
i saw what looked like a vulture eating rat roadkill this a.m.
on 31st street
Just realized how conveniently Red Vines are madethey make the perfect edible straw :D
New updated schedule has been posted up!!!
new added date and time on Wednesdays!
Check out the schedule!
Hope you can make it!!
:
Can a tsunami hit the coastlines of USA?
What about the low altitude states like Florida and Louisiana?
5 nuclear reactors in Fl, 2 in La.
is having a stupid discussion about Bill Maher giving 1 million to Obama's Super PAC.
Waste of air time.
Salserodalante Productions Presents a Fun Ladies Styling  Technique Class Every Tuesday Night at 7:00pm!
Be careful, mijo!
A3 Marriage expectations, family strongholds and influences and a mindset of a single man
fringe is awesome
Headinclouds All in all a very good start to the day...thinking of venturing into a few more business opps.
Sports is still
Was it everything she Meghan hoped it would be?
rt : Taking 's virginity!
She's busy playing Wii tennis :
Waffle kerfuffle today!.
i walked into grouchos just the other day!.
when i think about you i can't help but smile : 3
thanks yinz guys for the follow!
told me to tweet you.So yeah.
you just gained a follower so like it!; Haha ;p
Special moment of silence for brave men and women who have fallen in combat serving this great country.
Glad you had a good time Shannon!
But the Braves?
Ouch!
GoCubsGo!
;
PC keyboard by day and Mac shortcuts by night are ruining my life
Greeks used the ampitheatre for performance; see the School of Athens fresco.
most gurls been heard this 4rm man baby im sorry like an echo i luv you like an echo ill change like an echo u still tha same i gotta let go
We need to bring some New York into Miami.
These peeps care a little too much about keeping a tan.
Today is a beauty in NJ!
Enjoy it!
thanks: youu too
Must have at a hot pocket.
;
Your welcome.
RT MJ SM ; thanks for the love, :
ugh so hungry and waiting for stupid spanish class SUCKS!!
:o
So jealous that y'all are at the cottage!
That's good...
I want to make it down there for Derby weekend.
Maybe next year
I just told my avid teacher bout my son for the first time im scared of her reaction n how shes qonna take it.!
Well see.!
Chunks of flotsam washed up by the lazy surf of a waking mind:
hey lady!
are you walking with us next week?
doing the schedule.
no worries if not  you have lots on your plate right now.
damn last day for spring break back to school tomorrow cant lie this spring break was fun as hell though :
TAKER NEEDS TO CLEAN TRIPLE H's tired ass out
Really?
You'd eat a footlong breakfast sandwich?
Doesn't that seem ...
excessive?
HOOKS, FEATURES, SHOWS, HOSTINGS AND APPEARANCES FOR EMAIL OR 4045930073 RT
Mind, what mind?
Life is like a rainbow.
You need both the sun and the rain to make its colors appear.
mike u funny as shit for that!
i don't understand how i've managed to stay in honors for all these years.
i'm not even smart.
oh yours has a I...
Some day I will learn to like Visual Studio  some day.
Couples who make out right in the middle of the hallway..
A new day
cant decide about the comnetwork conference!
but thinking i should try to make it!
So sad that my home town Anaheim, is getting negative attention, FOR THE HOMELESS SerialKiller!
I feel so bad for those victims :
Anyone wanna talk
Reading 's book, so great!
Such a beautiful, talented woman!
250gas would be nice hell 3.00 gas would be great
I'm not 25 yet..so I can still do the hokie pokie and shake it all about and do it without the stares and points!
K?
: We are rocking out TONIGHT!!!!
This is awesome!
Thanks for sharing!!
Thanks CMU for hooking up my embedded capstone group with a Nexus S!
Andoctorid emulation needs to be improved, it's so far behind iOS's...
How2MakeABlackPersonMad Speak well of other black people.
Really liked the Clint Eastwood  Dodge commercial!
I'd love thatt :
I have more followers than code 5.
whos the sweetest girl on twitter please reply
You just made my phone blow up.
well not Monday but this week.
they need to fit into his flow or NYC will eat them up
Of course gorgeous :
I like fashion design.....but I love my faith....!
Valentines Day!
Francie Phelps swoon u  your valentine 8pm
This is your last weekend to check out Othello at The Rep.
It's a great show!!
YES.
I am ready whenever you are.
Just say when!
i can never do it!!!!
tonight's the first time in a long time i haven't effed my nails up waiting on them to doctor
Beach weather :
NEGATIVE :p
I had to jump up and down, and lay on the bed!
Eduardo Saverin...ha ha ha.
Oh geez, I try not to be so cynical but....the world makes it HARD!
Happy new year!
We are open regular hours today and tomorrow!
Come on down for your new years piercings and tattoos!
showers with a sunburn 
NPR's Morning Edition today cited Stockton specifically as an example of a city with high unemployment.
Boo.
maybe I;m bias because that is one of my all time favorite songs....
'Melancholia' was kind of stunning.
Suspect it is going to be in my head for some time.
yeah.
Clarence Clemons was an unfortunate loss for the music world!
I'm in the mood to demolish something with a crowbar today, so if anyone needs that kind of work done, let me know.
If you're making the effort to create written content, make sure it's readable from a kindle.
3 out of 5 pdf ebooks blow on kindle.
Another fantastic playoff game.
Even if the Niners didn't pull it off.
Anyone else confused by the overtime rules?
When was the last time you Find what work and stop doing it.
I'm about to run and redbox Hugo to relax for a bit before getting to work.
I think free pancakes will go along nicely
go ahead, if you choose a hoe over me, then you were never worth it.
That's useful, thanks.
Thank you for the generous RTs, and !
My parents are no where near ready to learn about that stuff.
Haha
My iPhone has a lot of capabilities, but none as valuable as being able to pretend Im on it when I run into someone I know in public.
no Jimmy protested
My headache feels like someone keeps hitting me in the head with some unidentified object
If you guys want to be followed by justin, this is your chance!
hes creeping on her account right now  follow her hurry.
Thankscan't wait for vacation.
And I look forward to that next time you're here or I'm up there.
Have fun getting going!
Its almost LunchTime!
What are you eating?
Build a better salad by adding pine nuts over peanuts, which help you feel full.
Gearing up to teach my java and andoctorid class with Not even surgery this morningcan keep me away
Love having the Smith Center for the Performing Arts in Vegas!
Finally a REAL performance venue!
yoga, kickboxing, something to spice things up with my current running training.
I think I've become a little too obsessed, following UKs recruiting classes.
I guess it's a good thing since we're getting good recruits now
NATIONAL Freak NASTY Day .....Ever Body Get Freak Nasty....BAByy
Executive assessment is becoming more prevalent in todays everchanging healthcare environment...
RT is going to the gym but it looks like light exercise for me as ive think i pulled my hamstring in my right leg!
:
Forever you will be missed, Sam.
Your memory will not be tarnished by these illminded and illguided people.
At theater watching the new Marley documentary.
Awesome so far!!!
In 20 years, perhaps, I'll turn to an article titled Checking in with Lena Dunham when the rise and fall of Girls is a Broadway musical.
hahahahahaha yay!
What about thursday, you have that singing class group thing
: CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 52
Blake Griffin is going hard.
Rough night to be Pau Gasol.
Might not vote for Ron Paul, but the event was nice
Thank you for including my post!
Those who cherish a beautiful vision, a lofty ideal in their hearts, will one day realize it.
James Allen
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen the camera can't find the people who just won
Summer bucket list  tweet Austy  get Austin to follow me: swim have fun  tan  go to beach  hang with friends all the time
seems like a productivity/skill problem to me,
Need those legs wide open so I can get balls deep inside dat pussy
m I might be with the bf by that point...
i thought you meant happy hourish...
might need to postpone....
How long do you think he lasts in LA before they trade him, or just let him run into FA?
Or does he finish it out there?
Newsletter announced our next giveaway!
Enter to win 2 nts in our penthouse: follow, tweet your fave thing about SF.
Include
Handsome is a very important word when speaking about
Game  4, getting shhhtuck in mate!
She said I must be insane.
they need to make Mamba packs that are ALL raspberry or strawberry
Join and at the We are One rally tonight  show your support for American workers!
5pm, Civic Center Plaza.
Watching the It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia marathon on Comedy Central!
lovethisshow ;
Vitafusion products are not sold in Vitamin Shoppe.
RT : hey guys.
Are you sold at Vitamin Shoppe?
Then come visit us for dinner!
:
PRETTY BROWN
I'm just ready for Summer.
not your birthday playing in wet seal 
Will listening to the song for real extract the earworm or merely embed said earworm even deeper?
MOVED INTO THE NEW STUDIO...
VIRGO LAIR/E.S.A.ENT.
BACK TO BIZ.
NATI HOLLA BACK.
The world can give you only what you gave it.
For being nothing but your own projection it has no meaning apart from what you found in it.
Still awake at 3 am and talking about random things with
Great experience today at big cat rescue in Tampa
goodnight and sweet doctorams!
Need.
Coffee.
Now.
Happy Birthday Bunny Wailer..
I cannot fucking stand people I've known for years.
Time to move.
Here at the Southern Region Oratorical Contest Davario is killing it ICE!
Hope you hear one you like.
OH BULLSHIT CALL!!!!!!!
Fx Genealogical Society Spring Conference ...
Tomorrow ...
Ms.
Char Bah
Omg could not be more excited, as you in a few days here in Brazil.
You're the only Brazilian Beliebers: D Love you BELIEVE
all i needd is 3 more i have 97 please
Would love to hear more about how you approach community mapping
Thanks for the support.
Hope you enjoyed the project!
The weather in Nashville tonight is DELICIOUS, if only it was really truly autumn and not just a trick
getting this studying shitt done
had a great night: your the best hope you did you loveyou :
same: text if you come up this summer!!
I was just elected to the WV State Democratic Party Rules Committee to represent Kanawha County at the state convention
Everything is always so back and forth.
like legit?
We need a DVD release!
Keep up the great work you and the EW team do.
JOIN us at the 2nd annual Ski the Slopes, a sexy aprsski lifestyle party in Telluride, Colorado February 911, 2012.
swingfestevents.com
Get to work with the great tomorrow!
I plan on directing him completely in Russian, so as to not show fear.
Almost Time for TheBirthdayParty At the Undermain ...!
Celebrating St Patricks Day with , , , and !
really fun :
YEA ...
IS THIS REALITY ...
BE REAL BE FREE BE...
Ops.
Ok too much caffeine.
It's Ward getting ready sorry
I'm afraid it's inevitable that we'll see weak clin doc programs sprouting up.
Lots of reasons why
Hey New York!
Have you signedup to NY Focus Groups yet?
Go ahead and do it!
There is still time to apply for the focus group on Mon.
5/7
i hate been sick :
your body is hot and you are cute one woman in the world ??
Thanks for all the support to get us off the ground!
One more day until the big debut!
Paperwork makes the world go round.
So tired.
Celly might just be my answer to unlimited polling via text and online!
Stay tuned...
Loving my new phone
I can't do it bud.
I am doing a shoot :
Monsters getting ready to go...
Huge game tonight against the Bulldogs
follow back?
:
the force is strong in this tweet chat.
that must be how you found us.
RT : Hottest place to be this Saturday, Bring out your finery!
I know you're prob not gonna see this, and you prob won't care if you do, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for lying to you and saying those things.
Ding!
Ding!
Ding!
Also, just in case you didn't know, will be on Fallon next Tuesday!
Hurray for Saturdays!
Well technically Sunday mornings!
In all things it is better to hope than to despair  Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Heading to Revive!
Great news today here  Will be great to have the support/resources of WPP and look forward to an exciting future!
Yes!
The antecdote to all the magic spells :
Was told today I hadn't tweeted in awhile.
So....
HELLO!!
Give me a shout today if you had a great Thanksgiving!
:
there will definitely be a minimum BAC in order to doctornk on Maxwell
replace1wordinamoviewithgrind 'The Grind Side
thanks Broom!!!
Police are breaking down the perimeter at Wilson High, where there was a report of a breakin.
we crawled from austin to kedzie.
Usually we just crawl from cicero to pulaski.
Is that whole stretch a show zone now?
because there is no more room for books under my bed
im starting it at 7 pm easteren time
All in all, a pretty nice little Saturday.
Scored us some Radiohead tickets in KC come Mar.
That's a bucketlist show for me.
I'm working on that paper : let me know how the exam goes  during senior week you I are going out for a HUGE margarita.
Only 1 place to be tonight in Vegas  The Mayweather Cotto fight  Moneyteam victory?
We at think so 
Sometimes I wonder about people my age!
Like where the fuck did you come from
I will not besmirch my reputation as a snob!
what part did they hate?
The hard reset on technology and humanity?
They didn't honestly expect a happily ever after?
Had a long evening
I miss you too!: text me:
Them Texas Relays peeps know how to party.
I heard the cars thumping till 4 am in my neighborhood.
How do they go and do all that running?
Cocktail flag's up!
I think a fresh Margarita this lovely afternoon.
Not feeling too well.
Which makes it that much harder to do voter registration today.
i think they are NOT dating.
i think they were just hanging out yesterday!
Remember how naive we all were about Google?
that company is just a clear case of awesome people making awesome stuff.
OK, so you follow some of your fans.
But would you follow and chat with someone who wants to work with you?
I love you please say hi to me!!!!
rdv is going to be fun tonight:
yes!
ahaa!
me, you,  Franny should hang!
Look for an occupation that you like, and you will not need to labor for a single day in your life.
Confucius
I saw that!
That's a Bolland image originally, right?
I LOVED his work.
I think the Catholic Church is more than just a bit afraid that it's employees might actually want birth control.
Hell Yah Me To!!!
Lol I Just Started Watching Anime After 3rd Quarter ..
I am girl.
haha :
You are fucking horrible.
Yeah, I will expect nothing less than incredible at that show.
Insanity will ensue.
Anyone willing to come down to LA and just hang out with me on my lonely roof ?
You know you're tired when you become highly amused by talking to yourself with a Sean Connery accent.
A nigga bout to loose his job on tuesday tank im fucking yo huff ass up
Join the BBG crew and at the Astro Lounge in Bend tonight for a beer after a hard day of gettin' your learn on
It would be fantastic if I could get this over with already.
Ledoctorit Park Halloween Cutefest postponed until Sunday 10/30.
Can you help spread the info?
yep, no meat for Mannie, hahahaha!
ok, posting the one where your eyes are crossed then.
lol
Giving away life doctorams, tweet me if you'd like one of them.
NP Janet Jackson  Escapade Happy Birthday, Janet!
That's my girl!
Dont have time for a Party???
Join my mailing list!
email: to leave ur info.
Will you be publishing your book?
I thought it was pretty well done from the first 2 chapters.
When my iCloud fills up and says I need to buy more space where does the new space come from?
And why does it cost money?
deepthought 
i wanna go bar hopping again on friday!
that shit was too fun!
:
: Aww...
you don't want to come to spin class with me?
sadface
I was with Ann Hood yesterday, who s/b speaking right now at muse2012.
Best to all my friends, attending this great conference!
Can't tell females from dudes
Holy crap!
I had no idea Rick Bayliss had a restaurant at O'Hare.
Awesomeness!
needs 11pts to beat for a chance to face in the NBC 15 Championship Game.
Big pants.
RT: : RT : Umm.
how?
RT Police find 19 inch flat screen TV in Columbia Heights mans pants.
Yup, I'll be doing season 3 of BTR.
Very excited!
Need a new bitch
While reading Intermedia dprk newmedia report, fascinated by a lifestyle of Yep, got my phone illegally from a Chinese border guard.
I sit here and wonder if you'll ever understand just how much of me belongs to you.
One month till BSR!!
Running in the suburbs is weird.
cc:
Sure, you have every right to be angry, but so what?
The real challenge is to make a positive difference.
Sorry, shutting up.
My Teddybear  never growing up
waters, cokes, gatorades etc..
if it's not there, we can safely assume it's uninstalled?
..you still gonna come over?
come over
lol true.
I'll just steal your key to it :
I can't decide whether I really like it, or think it is incredibly weird.
the festival starts april 1829 so you have plenty of time
happy birfday gurl!
Saturday birfdays r da best!!
Have a fantastic day :
good luck today from RVA!
Did you get hacked?
Cuz you just put O there, lol.:
Its not the roof u have over your head its the ppl u have under it until later xoxo
Winter has returned  cold, rainy day with possibility of snow.
Temps in 40s.
Ray needs to get to an ortho.
Yeah..fuck Barcelona still
Happy Birthday!
Remember when Nazr Mohamed was going to get his MBA?
yum!
What is it missy
I think your super cute babe.
somebody show that last tweet to cynthia : Ramiro.
:D plz
Hi.
Didn't receive an email :
: RT if you can't wait to watch the new episode of TeenWolf tomorrow !
Looks like it's Mother's Day at today so I suppose it's time to switch to some more relaxing country music in the morning.
RT  Will Cam Newton get his first NFL win this Sunday against the Jacksonville Jaguars?
Yes!
i hope so too!!!!
We have been friends for almost a year now!
been wayy too long since I've seen you!
Finishing up a doctorft of my next book on music audiences...
What's the best show you saw this year?
howdy cooper scooper!
I'm listening to your song American over and over again!
Since its 4th of July!
RT if you love you country!
PLEASE!
follow me and you will get some!
I'm sad to admit that I've been watching the jerzathon all day haha.
3
I will and sometimes say I will again.
Though the red skies of this afternoon were the red skies of yesterday.
My medicine is just being with my girlfriend.
I love when people try to be rude to a celebrity on Twitter and when they respond, their tone completely changes and start sucking up.
Hung out with Chris P tonight, think you might be able to convince him to vote against Walker in the next 2 months, I wasn't able to.
Word is Honey Bees have weathered the winter pretty well this year.
woot
This Saturday is the Official Rules to Being Single Book Release Party.
Hosted by The Movement FMA  Sedona 9pm
Saturday and Sunday Live Music in the El Pastor Restaurant Patio!!
Free Parking!
Its raining cats and dogs, dont step in a poodle!
Yeah, but a good chunk of that hate and criticism is because we didn't get him in 2010
whats up world!!!
And I agree.
That's why
Of course the day I attempt bike riding in a skirt is the day the winds are like, 35mph.
so am i
Where is your favorite place to be?
Wouldn't ever abuse him with it obviously
Jus maxed pizza wit the bro
gonna watch bachelor finale?
how close are we to sell out?
Callin out niggas like the umpire.
perfectly crude and tacky without going overboard
Aw happy mothers day to you I wish u many great blessings to come
Just left the park and now its time for a smoothie!
Yes, your Honor, I actually tripped and accidentally fell into the lifeboat, where my officers also happened to be.
Am so v.
tired.
Have also had no caffeine in 2days, but have no headache either.
Am debating some now, regardless.
a semantics argument?
oh , I might call you a BBW killjoy.
JK!
Got one life, just live it.
Our medication is the best!!!
We leave you to the rest!!
roommates?
Okay.
The elite say what SHOULD be ,what SHOULDN'T  be .ex.
tax rates,education,war,health care,trade.The uppity poor should just shut up.!
that was vacant dating back to my freshman year
Most Of My Tweets Are Going To Be Quotes And Things About
Get excited for the Join My Cause fair today from 14PM on the North Green and find a cause you are passionate about!
Why was the broom late ?
It over swept !
feeling like shit we lost our game today good job thoe cougars :/
Idk y im up
As a lowincome Senior I support the ElderIndex.
We need a real measure of poverty for real knowledge of how we live.
There's so much excitement over here around this IPO that the dogs are shitting themselves.
Literally.
i hate when people say that..
they obviously know that you called them if they are calling you back.
silly people.
dm me??
Lol dang.
Always using me for my talents.
I can't sing anymore.
At the Woody Guthrie centennial exhibit at OH: I guess he was some singer?
Really?
Awesome.
It has sent me into wails of delight this morning.
Seems unfair to judge yesterday's writer by today's beliefs and standards.
Sorry, but I HATE the kill time in the corner thing Kei does.
The funniest thing to me right now is when I approach a woman on some business stuff but they think im tryna holla
Life is a succession of such moments and to live each, is to succeed
Watched the sunset from the beach, listening to 's Forthcoming.
Great, great record.
Is it that had to stay real??
I would think after awhile of lying you would forget your lies
Will be on the Marc Steiner Show at 6 pm to discuss the recently approved City Council redistricting plan.
Chris brown lip syncing yup I think so!
If someone is your friend...
Stay away from their FREAKIN' girl.
Completely.
I got water in my ear from being in the pool :S
me if you can hook it up with some tickets
hay bengo sale :
and his favorite sister will share with me 0
Catching up on Khloe and Lamar !
Great question!
To all the people who arent in my life anymore....thank you for the lessons you taught me.
They've allowed to be a wiser person.
this is twitter
I thought the colts 3rd rd pick was questionable until I saw the Jaguars pick.
At what point does a hater become a stalker??
Get off my Facebook if u gonna be mad errtime I post something!
Right?
Losing weight and eating healthy is made even easier with the help of online food diaries
Ruhroh, Steven is on a haiku roll now.
His latest: The sky has fallen.
/ We had chicken for dinner.
/ There is little left to do.
lol
: Every woman deserves a man that can make her heart forget that it was ever broken.
love this!!
Agreed!!!
Charles Peguy He who does not bellow the truth when he knows the truth makes himself the accomplice of liars and forgers.
At Disney again :P
Rt Broadway Bar Tonight!!!
ALAN !!!
What's up maine
LMSunSIG accessibility: lecture captainre is huge to make accessible.
if auditory needs, must provide transcript
TGIF!
I'm BACK at on Tuesday, hope to see you there.
Have a great weekend.
haha noo!
I wasn't badd when u was little, just like I'm not bad now!
My little cousin c:
down.
how bout a quick game now too?
Bynum  Gasol  NO HEART.
Coach Brown  assistant coach, bring back Phil please!
Everything there is fantastic.
I usually get whatever is on special.
Great food and variety
MISS YOU MORE!
bahaha ahh the memories
Bet he still humps, humping signals dominance
Please?
RT : Look for Maryland coach Randy Edsall to get strong consideration in Jacksonville.
Danielle Vogel examines the book as an architecture of the body, with her book Narrative  Nest.
See her work at our symposium!
yo were you be workin out at?
Are you training of the Olympics ?
In Milwaukee??
Everyday I wonder if either of us will have the courage to tell the other what we truly feel.
Using GitHub Issue Tracker to manage my todo list.
Why didn't I think of this ages ago?
Just discovered Copley is on fire.
5 fire trucks at least.
In this already old news tweeps?
Um, yes!
Duh!
Please clear that up?
Thanks!
RT prolly means lame as in lame that he died
with their new panther string backpacks, so wish I was kidding
aw!
No sadness
you'll always be a winner to us
celtics tried to give it away again, but were able to pull it out.
Nice bucket by Garnett, but C's still need to play better!
Go C's.
Man, good to know that when u put things on a chair and get up to leave, someone stupid will still sit in it rudeinconsiderate
What species is he?
haha.
Wanna be partnered YouTubers can fall in that category, right?
iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil I looked at your shoes.
Wanted to pick your brain about angel investors, when could we chat?
Lol...
they all say that bro..
Okc bout to pop you by 30 if not more!
I just told my mom this: I'm keeping this chair.
and she thought I said, I peed in this chair.
hahahahahaha
Oh man, I really wish I could get more than 15 hours a week at Target when it's not Christmas.
This would really help my life plans.
You're very welcome :
home next week , let's get together
I'm so excited to see you play in FL.
I've never seen you before.
You're one of my favorites EVER!
Who's opening for you?
Late bday for my oldest, the late show Hope it's as good as advertised.
Robert Downey Jr.
better arrive on stage in the Iron Man suit.
rough one.
Young looked brilliant.
But missing 2 key players always hurts.
Thanks sweetie!
Also, I just wanted to say: I thought asking him was ADORABLE.
Screw the haters.
:
Have to say, as harsh as it sounds, I pretty much only end up on Facebook long enough to talk TIMKAT projects
So, did you hear that Jim Marshall died today?
What?
I said...
I can't read ur posts since they're in a language I don't understand.
Does no good to follow you when I can't read ur posts.
those runs look awesome!
where are you right now?
thanks for the ff love for super stores.
nice to see you on twitter!
A smart person learns from their mistakes..
A smarter person learns from the mistakes of others
Congrats to CDW for winning Americas reseller of the year!
kickoff12 cc
Are you trying to fit your doctorams into your income or are you willing to do what it takes to change your income to achieve your doctorams?
First it was Chicago...now this one.
Are they doing this on purpose, or....?
Audience member compares OH to marijuana: it exist naturally, has a seed, flavors..
But the infrastructures can't be controlled.
Busy busy week
Yea I have like 12 things to talk about written on my page and like 15 links to sites with info lol but nothing actually written.
Thinking about someone and hoping that they are thinking about you too
OH: and I have a raptor, a baby one, and his name is rappy.
CC:
YOU ARE WINNING TONIGHT!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!3 beliebersgohard!!
O.M.G I GOT MY LITTLE MONSTERS INVITE
I'm so happy your back congrats winning the Diva's champion in your first match back and at a payper view
Thanks for reading it!
two of our members will be playing tonight at skrappys w/ dead after dallas.
show starts at 6
TheGoodWife totally broke my heart last night.
I can't stand that Will tries to be a good guy but Alicia won't commit to him.
Poor Will!
FUCK I have lots of homework hate it
he's not following me.
:
Another week, another terrible set of refs.
Disappointing when I reach out to another local business and they answer my question with a link to their website.
My father had a professorund influence on me, he was a lunatic.
Spike Milligan
Haha Jacob...
funny
HEY I HEARD YOU WERE A WILD ONE!
You are welcome!
was pissed.
cook and cleaned now po up
So many hotties at the half marathon this morning.
Took all I had to not throw a boner in the middle of the race.
every last second!
this is a very dissapointing tweet.
Quack attack!
What is love, anyway?
I can neither confirm nor deny reports that Aceves was out there doing my bidding last night...
Now where can I shred this check?
Damn youre bad ass...
im playing call of duty ./.
great to meet you too man!
Let me ask...Logic or Pro Tools
rehearsing new songs and covers, working on to plays in which I play amazing larger than life characters and a few auditions lined up.yeah.
Well.....if you say so!!
: And glad you found it!
:D
Good morning!
Woke up to freeing rain.
Not a fan of Insomnia especially when I have to be at the Gym in the early AM...
Ross found me 3 four leaf clovers today.
I'd be happy to:
THE SHERIFF!!!
BWAHAHAHA!!!
Preacher may have gotten a little aggressive this morning in his sermon when he said it was time to open up some whupass on heaven.
not good at all
Honored to speak to the Hardin Co Democratic Women's club, and great to see Winnie Townsend feeling better.
Jury duty made slightly less onerous by free wifi while waiting, but man, is municipal court bleak.
It's not fair to throw a fancy heelappropriate party on an rockilyterrained hill.
People Under The Stairs 
LMBO.
Point, Girl B.
Derek Jeter's leading the league?
When did he learn how to hit?
Corey hush your mouth.
Osheas tonight be there.
Follow the adventures and intrigue of Hildegard, The Abbess Of Meaux  Cassandoctor Clark
congrats...
Are you up for an award?
.geez pillow talk
Dinosaur jr.
killing it this morning: Awesome jr.
songs, of course...
And some Pumpkins, Replacements, Pixies...
Today is the day for the Nature Conservancy's 35th Anniversary Party!!
Its going to be super fun and tickets are still available!!
Up early on a sat.
Morning to take my baby to his first basketball practice !
Yay!
Go bry n desi butt3
Q2: they're called disasters for a reason.
Have a plan, and may the force be with you.
8 more days!!!
anything by Julian Barnes, esp.
A Sense of an Ending, also anything Nick Hornby!
To all my fans keeping y'all in health I'm doing a video for Go Crazy this Saturday
Go for it Edwin, we will laugh with you.
No one will will unsubscribe and if they do F them.
6,000 words above the limit  still need to write discussion  conclusion...
FCK!
Love that Rainiers shirt!
You may like our Seattle tees too, just sayin :
After QA: Six Software Localization Considerations You May Have Not Considered.
Can you guess what they are?
Steve  I sent a bunch
imagine Liam: Did u have fun last night with your name ?
Zayn: yes she screamed my name so loud.
;
10 for a blanket though...
because my mom was like did you say goodbye to patty?
and i just started bawling
doctorving scene next, then an after dark scene complete with notjustafullmoon but a Supermoon .
Now THAT's good cinematography.
Don't believe the lies the illuminati throws out.
There messages are false and only want sway others into thinking the way they do
I have no idea why Obama is campaigning in Afghanistan
And now to rt points all of which I agree with.
It's nice when someone more experienced w/DD says my encounter idea is perfect.
Makes me feel like I have half a clue abt what I'm doing.
'The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over againand expecting different results.'  Albert Einstein
How many people can say that they celebrated their 75th birthday with a national tour?
SinatraCan!
pretty sure the only good thing about today was finding my glove.
Simon Borg thinks that Livestrong Sporting Park is okay...
But in no way does it live up to Buck Shaw.
Tonight's panels aren't Oscarcentric, are they?
you're welcomee.:
Know someone looking for opportunity to put their promotional skills to work?
They can apply at TasteTweet.com RT to them.
Can you imagine?
I might have to make this a reality.
The Maven's Magical Mysterious Tour of the Wizarding World...
Hello Heidi, thanks for the interest, as far as I can see we have very similar ideals, I think that is what attracted me to you.
I'm just going to chill tonight and save my money.
You have a large amount of swag and you get tons of dick.
only if more guys would act like ..
AlexIsATrueGentleman 3
Please follow
We got lip singers on caso cerrado
They are acting on a tip that 'Bed Linen' is on the second floor
Stat  Melo are not getting paid to sit on the bench in the fourth quarter....
its cool bro no worries!
Freeze warning?!?
I am now in Dublin, ready to play the Norwegian Championship of Poker that starts tomorrow.
Possibly going to London at the end of the month....
Any bars I should stop in?
you're like obsessed with him aren't you :P
CEO correlates very closely to GDP.
bookings begin on Thurs.
I recommend booking asap,rates may increase after released the 1st day.
Let me know if u want a quote
Why did I just sit here and watch that entire Brewers game?
I know!
Maybe we should stop by LA this summer!
Lol
Cut my life in to pizzas
I love being on the beach ..
it makes me feel relaxed when I'm listening to the waves : its like I have no worries !
bro....
Your never gonna be auntie Lexi, cause of me.
Just sayin D:
RT: Susan Komen would not give in to bullies or to fear.
Too bad the foundation bearing her name did.
Support Save lives.
Sent that bitch a smiley face...bitches love smiley faces
Bite her in her fucking neck.
Bite her in her fucking neck.
Bite her mothafuckin' leg.
Bite her mothafuckin' leg.
eagles nest with no ana, is no eagles nest
this one.
Hey I got to log off now, got to study for my test ttyl
Follow Me Please!?
59
Looks like I'm headed for Maine.
Thanks its' gonna be so fun!
I 3
Yay!
lol I felt bad for a minute there.
Thought I said something wrong!
How about the GREEN TESM
Missing our homeland a lil bit.
Happy Lundi Gras y'all!
haha i would if i knew how !
olivia did it for me, but all it is is a french braid starting from the bottom of ur hair haah
Another design bookstore I have to hit up in NYC.
Knee doctor...
Hoping for good news.
Games on  NBA  Memphis Vs Oklahoma City Game 7
Our little baby boy is turning one!
How sweet that his bday is on recordstore day!?
Spin spin, spin the black circle!
Happy bday Marlon.
LMFAOOOOOO you'll have to press the machine button to talk everytime
feeling spoiled tonite 3 beach house chilln while King Crab Legs  Oysters are being cooked for me Heaven!!
:
Part 3 of my It's Time To Clean Up Poker' series is here.
This one talks about how, if we want to be treated with respect, we ....
Ya know I have the BEST friends!!!
My friend Frayser hooked me up with a bitchin' new security system.
Anyone needing security call me!
:
at least i agree with you about a bullsspurs final but disagree about outcome bulls will take it in 6 or 7
Universal for a bit with
that is very interesting.
I agree too much time on their hands lol.
You smell like shit!!
The test for whether or not you can hold a job should not be the arrangement of your chromosomes.
Bella Abzug
Commitee on Sexual Thought
Yes, an iPad with a Retina display IS every bit as good as I imagined it would be.
Glad I waited to replace my original.
The Republican primary is like the best TV reality show ever.
Sat in a preproduction Tesla Model S today.
Want!
I Kept trying iOS screen gestures though :/
lol well i would say watch but I'm sure you will only get the satisfaction of saying I've seen it
yes sir
Just got cursed out by researcher who claims the Univ stole his 1971 master's thesis ideas.
Didn't seem to matter than I wasn't born yet.
Studio day!
Kentucky fell behind 102 to start the game, then started trying and went on a 306 run the rest of the half
About to watch Martin!!!
Who will be our 900th follower??
: I know.
I don't either.
It's fun to get on every once in a while though to see wazzup.
I almost feel too old for this tho!
Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus what's his name yall?
Jesus Jesus Jesus
yea I figured.
That's like your home.
rockin Easter Sunday service
Mainstream HOLLYWOOD is about to produce HELLA Think Like A Man replicas.
Oh THIS is what they like now?
Alien 1: Did the humans get our message?
Alien 2: Yeah, but they named it dubstep and dance to it
Your body is the baggage you must carry through life.
The more excess the baggage, the shorter the trip.
Arnold H.
Glasgow
We didn't win here either lol we didn't win a damn thing lol
Temper flaring !!!!
nice, enjoy it
looks like we have more in common than swimming btw 
meanwhile, in Michigan, women make 74.4 of what men make.
Way to make your case to women, Pete!
What a very interesting and mostly rewarding day..
now go Caps!!
Designing BigCartel site as we speak!
hardwork but hopefully smooth transition for online JenoLo Store
Trying Digsby to simplify all this networking.
www.digsby.com
CAT: meow meow.
I love you, please feed me.
ME: you're getting declawed today, so I can't.
CAT: misterow?
happy thursday teliyah
Jessica Bloom to be sentenced at 1:30.
She pleaded guilty to DUI hitandoctorn, seriously injuring a decorated Marine.
Dept.
30 HOJ.
We're there too!
:
what's the number ?!
If swimming is good for your figure, how do you explain whales ?
if a dog gets me this!
mad...
I can't imagine having a kid, I think it would doctorve me to the point of murder.
The cup is in the liquid.
looking forward to this weekend, spending quality time with the family
If I had a bone in my body that said I don't give a fuck it would be revolt season.
Kincaide is cold bro.
nice to see a pic of you back
Protect your racks from accidental damage with Dexion's heavyduty rack protectors
huh?
You're very stealthy cc.
Its alright its a workout tho lifiting heavy stuff for 8 hours lol
Love this Movie.
Great Lakes Holy Moses White Ale on patio at ChappysTapRoom  tasty  refreshing!
I'm not sure sci fi shows can handle musicals.
Regardless of that, I still would love to see that.
Ha.
then dont delete /:
When I was lockd away tha only thing killin me is they took my music!!
Now I'm banging that tha stereo loud
yes.
Gross.
RT : Photo: Here's a fairly solid quick look as to what works at what time on Pinterest.
give me your meat.
I wrote a lullaby I goes bed bed bed thats where I wanna be bed bed bed so that where I'm gonna be!!
lol ;P
China uses about 45 billion chopsticks per year.
odd facts
Design is a product of an idea...
Music helps lighten up my mood, especially on days when I feel horrible :'
So cute seeing them on the railroad tracks.:
Aye trick, where are you?
This tweetdeck app is awesome : just changed my TL pink :
Media day!
Still in shock that the Giants are in the Super Bowl.
Stupid little boys 
Einstein on the Beach, Satyagraha, Symphony 9, sax quartet concerto, the string quartets.
Anytime...are you following ?
Their class supply lists often tap Tres Americas' resources.
take your reverse cowgirl ass on
Packin up: going to have some visiters late on.
Then maybe out to eat with the girls!!
Dear Commencement stage, Please go away.
Cheers, Nico
One of our local news anchors got her laugh lines botoxed.
It's just so horrible to look like you have emotions like a normal human being.
When I hear music, I fear no danger.
I am invulnerable.
I see no foe.
I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest.
Thoreau
You  I know, no one really wants a player with a bad back.
Family time 
I think it'd be pretty funny to bring my cats to work.
Friend and I stayed at tonight for about 30 minutes and were charged 181.70.
shout out to the mindless chic of the universe x2 u the best doctorke voice
SOLD OUT!
Dearborn and Monroe we will have to see you next week!
Ew!
My apologies.
You can have the doctorer if you want when ours comes.
Seriously.
We need to get a group session with  good tips and motivation  we'll have to work that out
obvs.bby.and itll go out with harry and louis' baby x
This is a public promise that I will ditch these sweats as soon as my finals are over.
May each of us renew our resolve to do what must be done.
President Obama, at a Holocaust Memorial
Doesn't seem like a crazy crowd.
See one woman in a football jersey
Yeah finding what is an effective punishment is key.
Pencils that's different.
:
I love reading client communicationsWe're so glad we went with ZirMed,Our customer response time was fabulous ZirMed helps us collect.
haha, he pisses me off so much seeing him on tv every time they zoom into the dugout.
by the rules of aristotelian logic, I'm unable to prove that is not funny smelling,  so must take him at his word.
RT : Next wknd is mother's day  it's our firstever Fine Craft Fair at Rittenhouse Square in philly.
Bring mom to the show....
Next up HR 1981 also know as requires ISPs to record your every action online.
If you could go back in time to HS, what would you do?
I'd play my geetar in the talent show  read more.
really happy for you!
Your light is gonna shine bright for the whole world!
Congrats on the new gigs!
Learning  TunnelVision public art project installing in Bethesda metro  very cool!
is a tweeting machine this morning!
Just being there for someone can sometimes bring hope when all seems hopeless.
that's good for you.
You will be focused ALL day.
Wake up tomorrow and beat everything that's put in front of you.
boy...I LOVE YOU MORE THAN A FAT KID LOVES CAKE 33
I love you too baby 3
They say you like guys like your dad, guess that's why I like sperm so much.
Cause I love it!
Jizz kidding.
ConfessionTime We should be best friends.
Pals.
You know
Finally reading The Hunger Games thanks to
I need to create one asap!!
RT : Warren Buffetts secretary shouldnt pay a higher tax rate than Warren Buffett.
This speech is the gauntlet for 2012
This week we are upgrading our servers.
There may be periodic disruptions to the Housing application portal.
Sorry for any inconvenience.
If oomf dates another oomf she's gonna get hurt so bad
Four years, two months...LOTS of new friends!
............7,000 tweets later..I 3 Twitter!
:D
no those are real.
I know...
can you believe it?!...
NEW MIDWEEK SPECIAL!
Celebrate Spring with Wine Wednesdays.
Every Wednesday, through June 28th, all bottles of wine under 100 are  off.
really wats goin on tonight....should i work lol
thank you for the mention, you are correct!
Must get to your class soon...I've still not tried spin nor krank!!
Love training w/ SJH, but I've got to try both of those!
Dear Repubs: NPR?
Not jobs or economy, but NPR?
Really?
Lost in the wilderness of their own delusion, I guess.
Cow!
cow!
come home!
home!
Eww I would NEVER smoke a Cancer Stick !
..
Chastain should have been nominated for both and won for TToL.
I believe there is 3 out of 100 of us that has originality
Would love to connect about your 1:1 iPad program.
Started one this year at a MS in MD.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched.
They must be felt with the heart.
Helen Keller
Your so helpful
not at all...
Except me tho...
that was a terrible tweet haha you suck.
I want some mcdonalds or buger king
another notch on the belt of in house projects .
we are moving on to the next
or City.com free email?
Playing with Hadoop.
Fun.
what for?
I'm headed to the reading in St Catherine's on Friday.
Your imagination is your preview to life's coming attractions Albert Einstein
Yeah I know man.
I'm sure I'll be around though
Lol!
Well you look like the type of dancer that can really break dance...
haha
You guys dancing till the world ends?
Britney
bud here we go ad was cute.
RT I propose all you nonfood usernames adopt a delicious name ...
concur and here's a freebie  truffleoil
taking a picture of yourself holding a sign?
Oo
That's a great recommendation!
Can't wait to read FAITH BASS DARLING'S LAST GARAGE SALE.
More bread less war just like the 60's a broken record no wants to hear!
Hope you sprang forward.
First band practice with the new doctorm kit.
Let's do this!
That's better than nothing lol....I can't wait for Saturday night.
I need to find a place
Damn glad to have you, Patrick.
134 RT : Committed to the University of Michigan!
Gonna be a Wolverine!
GoBlue!
Awesome day!
Hope you had one too!
whoa...
how did I beat you guys?
Stop to listen to the doctorms at occupy baltimore?
Another one at 7pm and, think we fixed the code ...BeerManScott's phone  show the damn mobile site!
Demar Derozan, both long wiry guards with good handles  a knack for scoring in various ways
Not sure if I'm more excited that my mom gifted me a deal or that she knows HOW to gift me a deal.
Last day of school finally christmas break:D
82 games at .317 and 26 wins or 66 games at .317 and 21 wins.
Unlikely.
I love Lassen's.
All my favorite big city product choices in one place!!
who lost teeth?
Lol
Weeding the yard the first time year.
Out of shape.
MT : It's a good sign when you discover that someone needs to spend an hour a day on their own to stay sane.
ok so what if SanFran doesnt land Manning and Alex Smith is too pissed to resign w/ them what will they do at qb?
what are you working on??
So much for my plans tonight.
Unexpected car trouble means noBASSH for me.
I really wanted to go too.
:
hell of a show!!!
if you missed the show tonight you ah nobody!!!!
Much love !!!!
Shout out to !!!
thanks for the RT!
And thanks to for answering my email so quickly :
Thanks for the support!
Let's definitely fix this!
That would make for a great story.
What about Abelard and Heloise?
My bed feels soo good right now
Losing my mind...
Fox news reported in 2008 that no president has the power to increase or lower gas prices.
FairBalanced..unless it's Obama
Just one week until
Thank you for the follow, it's an honor.
stay working hard!
dam rite CeNation family is the best cant wait until this monday on raw
Heading to Redondo Beach for a week.
Just realized was Sat.
Need a ride.
Gas money and beer.
Theres a reason why people feel safe and sound around certain people.
Don't give in to all of the holiday temptations.
Limit yourself to one special treat per party, and you will not feel so guilty.
Observations working with g.
5 students with ereaders: increased reading, sustained reading, use of enhancement features
Hey person, Meet me at the Verizon Center doesn't really sound like a recipe for success.
You know it's kinda big, right?
Thank you to everyone who came out to the groundbreaking this morning!
And thanks to the weather for cooperating this time.
Checking out the Nats v.
the Reds.
No high socks for BryceHarper today.
Just singled to LF.
I wondered if he'll run.
thanks dude
Before we end, is there a 5thchat tweetup happening at ISTE???
Yo Coz!
course I recognized you, man.
I been meaning to find out about y'all where abouts, man.
All's well, coz, How's the fam?
Does it count if the bird in my hand is me?
;
if they had pajama day  work..I would be excited too!
It's my Birthday today and i'm this many...
I'm as old as my creativecomicmusic and movie peeps i hang with :
That's what she said.
omg....the placenta teddy bear might be the scariest freaking thing ive ever seen in my life!!!
The Chevy Volt can go w/o fuel for 35mi!
What fuel can you NOT live w/out?
Reply w/ chevyfuelsphilly  be entered to win a 100 gas card!
Thank God it's payday!!!
they want people magazine packaged celebrities, they don't want actually to analyze their own interests.
It intimidates!
Happy Spring Break to FSU, UCF, UF and FAU!
Be sure to check out our spring break features!
can't eeen much flex, meg is one ugly character.
out here shaped like a spacers pencil box  whatnot.
Thug I miss you.!
i wish you were here to go hard with me.
You gotta come back next year
RT : Haven't been to a THATCAMP yet; planning to attend and with dLOC!
High school: more like: I'm in NY VC Representing Russia's Second Biggest Tech Investor.
kids the biggest ashhole ive ever met 
In case you didn't make it in today, the Reuben is on our lunch menu every day!
omgthatssotrue that Today is International Moment of Laughter Day and theresnothinglike a good laugh!
Come in today until 5pm and get ANY medium doctornk 25 off.....just mention this tweet; Gotta love coffee on a cold cloudy day....
I'm pretty positive my newest roommate is an Australian woman who loves animals and takes pictures for a living.
this one is for you!
teamjolene YOOOOOO!
signsyoursonmightbegay.
He likes twilight and wants to see the hunger games.
No problem at all : I'm sure JCDL will be a big success; I am prob just a bit bitter about not having time to go
no food?
You may think you're making me mad, all you're doing is making it easier to check you off my list!
THANK YOU!
ikeepshining!
Rising Latex prices is an opportunity to consider a switch to a latex free environment.
The Glove Group can help!
Cephalonian  something for me to look up later.
RT if your single..
Hm...Why do libraries always have book author visits?
Maybe we should ALSO consider web designer visits?
videographer visits?
Let's go Demons!
Watching on TV in Phoenix!.
: DePaul leads Louisville 4122
I love your website.
The post on clearing clutter hit home.
Your writing style is something to which we should all aspire.
I don't understand how people have a thing for feet
Was great seeing you all last night!
FOLLOW ME AND I'LL FOLLOW BACK HONESTLY..
welcome to twitter!
nice to have you here 
i like taking time and i like your mind.
Hub Fans Bid Kid Adieu.
October specials exam, xray and a computerized spine screening for canned food donations!!!
Come in, help and let us help you as well!!
:
I am going to kick this week in the butt.
Watch out week, I wear tall pointy high heels.
My favorite mturk requester has been rejecting all hits for spurious reasons!
Some sort of glitch?
Grrrr
Rainy day.
Too bad my dog doesn't care.
Rain, sleet, or snow, someone's gotta go.
hey johnny i met you in the airport buddy checkout my baseball podcast on the toadhop network its called extra innings
What was your favorite gift for Valentine's Day?
OH: The number of people I want to beat into a paste grew today.
do I seriously sound good?
you're always on vacation!
and mushroom, onion, Tillamook cheddar, and ortega quiche!
doctorving back to the TC from the north shore, watching the outside temp slowly tick upward.
STEVE NOVAK BABY
awesome night of music!
RT ShuffleCulture at then BowlTrain at
You mean alot more to me than you'll ever know .
Its impossible to comment/contact on the fvalumni blog  it's RIDICULOUSLY frustrating.
Have some photos of FV to share but 4getit
Excited for March!
Hospitality: making your guests feel like they're at home, even if you wish they were.
;
I just want to know how is dale going to do to today
no!
I just put it away and I'm doing hw lol
Really, really good.
This finale easily surpassed S1's with Katherine's fingercutting return.
I wonder if plays Diablo 3?
Ima make you mine before I leave cause every little thing you do to me got me going crazy
NYTM unrollme sounds awesome.
Good job  struck a chord with us all.
You deserve the applause!
omg  lol wtf did you just wake up from an hour ago??
lol
Don't forget to follow us on twitter and like us on facebook!!
thank you!
SO I get in my car and my mom is watching the kids come outta school and goes MY GOD!
YOUR SCHOOL IS UGLY...
lmaooooooo U R RIGHT MOM!
hah
Makes a rainy day fantastic  they made my oatmeal perfect, and it was tasty!!
Just downloaded minecraft360!
I'm pretty sure PeteWeber is going to end someone when this match is over.....
We print tshirts for teams in the SusanGKomen raceforthecure.
Hit us!
Breast cancer awareness is a personal passion for our family.
Also, my phone tried to autocorrect Santorum to sanitarium.
i don't know how you are happy with this trade, you just lost two of your best players and gained no immediate help.
I think just made my life!
If she answers the phone 
I've never been to Omaha, so we are excited.
oh, and the invites are lovely!
Not much life left in the crowd here now.
A walkoff grand slam would energize everyone.
Let's go
I was really tired, and so I became a coffee doctornker this morning.
Who am I?!
I have like a little rash on my tattoo : like only on the red color part of my tattoo D:
Yeah, Twitter.
I'm going to follow .
COME ON.
Well that was rather rude.
Mine is rofl
Thanks!
We will check them out : What is their Twitter?
LOTS of sunshine in Madison.
Could add fuel to thunderstorms later on.
We're at 77 at the moment.
oh, i totally understand!
:
: GOT CHOICES Like For Real Yo
You aint nothing but a hoodoctort!
doctor Booth
Horrible call
60 degrees in Bogota...I miss sealevel so much
Chicago,,,,,pls read: Better beans and bacon in peace than cakes and ale in fear.
Ah!
Yes, that sounds like an issue!
Lol!
And yes, Glorioso's has a Ton of great par cooked foods!
LOVE!!
;
oh manI wish I'd been home for taco night.
Miss you guys!
Agree RT : The new movie Ted with Mark Wahlberg looks incredibly hilarious.
Nights as in 3rd shift??
The way he talked!!!
He was so nice;
Thank you Can I ask what program you use with it.
I wanna see megamind :
Thanks again to everyone who came out last night and to all the great people at M.O.M.I.
!
Next stop, bakersfield!
aww never mine miami!
Apparently Bruno Mars is gay?
Still like his music though
HEY, that futbol game is on ESPN Deportes which we don't get...
Checked Gala, TeleF, etc...
Nothing.
still trying to get used to dishnetwork anyone have tips, advice?
Can't sleep?
REDDIT!
Stayin humble like a righteous man should truly
no she's going somewhere with her dad
To avoid criticism do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.Elbert Hubbard, American writer, artist philosopher
Listening to international love
What do tigers doctoram of, when they take there little tiger snooze...
He chews the face bars right off his helmet.
Billy Ray Smith Sr., DL, Baltimore Colts
Toney Douglas went from starting PG to forgotten man on the bench.
Per D'Antoni: 'somebody would have to get hurt of fall out of favor'
The epic JerseyNew York NHL conference semifinals begins in about 2 hours.
Let's get after it Rangers.
how sick is the Honda commercial with the van turning into a black panther
Good night, everyone.
Have to get up super early tomorrow for breakfast meeting.
Sleep well!
RT Breaking: occupyportland march numbers diminish after rounding corner at Mary's Club.
Chanting We are the 99 and we like the ladiez
can u follow me back please :
good morning :
please tell me those photos didn't come from my office...
RT : I don't want to say that the person who made National Grilled Cheese Day during Passover is an antiSemite, but...
RT Essentials of Novel muse2012 Give your character a distinct smell.
Smell is often neglected in descriptions.
He who runs after two hares will catch neither
Any trauma can cause compensatory movement to avoid pain.
Your nervous system will subconsciously show you the path of least resistance.
confession: we're actually rewatching the series :
NP JuicyBiggie My whole crew is loungin', celebrating everyday no more public housing
Here at PerBlue HQ, we are prepping for a visit from madison Mayor Paul Soglin.
I swear, I hear that mister Saxobeat song everywhere I go now.
Getting your GM's attention/support  storify positive feedback, screenshot emails and note comments.
Has anybody made Team Tyrion shirts yet?
If so, I want one.
My cool Cool People Care merchandise arrived!
Thank you.
I promise to recycle the packaging...
Done!
And I signed it as well.
Sorry it took a few days.
Thank you for organizing this petition!
OK, as far as the difference between the character and person  my take is that the real person is a far more gentle soul.
Yours?
What are your plans for the weekend?
FF , who told us we should learn to love the hashtag at last week's socialmedia and the 90daylaunch event.
She rocks!
My love 3
Just visited Anthropologie in Westside Provisions District.
Sale room rocks!
More to come in AJC Style.
tell her i said happy mothers day:D
Great question!
Our visitors should revise our practices for mobile
lol yep!
First ever!
I think I'm gonna really enjoy it too :
Another exciting day in Nashville
Grrr..
inbox count is up to 30.
Will empty it by the end of the day.
Yum, leftover Indian food at 3 am study break  perfect.
NYR Fans who wants to go to the game Saturday night?
RETWEET this and Follow us by 4PM for your chance to see the action live !
has this insane and ridiculously amazing music video for IToldYouSo on MTV right now..
I need you to give me some feedback on my music?
Tell what songs you like www.Facebook.com/whitedawgmusic
Thanks for the followfriday.
I appreciate it enormously.
Warm regards, Maya
hey, could be a line at security
Oh yeah, the less Gov.
that you advocate for is not waste, not ear marks, but instead the Safety Net.
These are not Conservative Values?
Rob Dyrdek's Ridiculousness is quite possibly the worst thing on TV.
Really  it makes Jersey Shore look like quality television.
I fell asleep listening to love and woke up listening to it!
Such a great song:D
not yet...
once a whiner, always a whiner...
your so pretty !
And your dancing is amazing !
How long have you been dancing?
nice.
u end up snagging it?
Thanks for having me!
RT : Thank you for sharing your skills at MAMP this morning!
at the very least, pujols shouldn't be an allstar this year.
I'm really getting sick of this phone not charging
I tld u look like u was on something
MT What a world in which peeing on dead people yields more moral outrage than killing them in the first place.
did you??
Fish: Hello?
Patrick: I love you.
on the fone w.
; follow her
Everyone go follow They have amazing quotes!
Go now :
There are no plans at this time to release a version for Linux OS.
Please check back for updates.
Tripledouble No.
21 for Rondo.
Understand the ski hill in Houghton, MI, opened early this year.
Is central Wisc.
in a snow doctorught?
Big hopes for real snow soon
TONIGHT at : Benny Hernandez  Sara Reeble spin DIY, punk, protoindustrial, minimal wave  more!
10pm!
even after everything you are still trying, doctorp the act already.
So nice we have to do it twice!
2nite Adoctorlicious 5 year anniversary w special guests live band and general insanity
Every time I hear Take Five, I think, Stellar jukebox, sir.
I like it.
fairy godmother status requires a new outfit.
well I'm sure our fellow travelers will be considerate...
Tip 103: Tell the great players how great they are.
Ask their advice occasionally.
Lovely day for a walk in Brookland with my ladies.
Gonna hit up the plant sale at the monastery and perhaps grab a bite to eat somewhere.
Thank you all who attended !
We had such a lovely night together!
We'll see you next month at !
Wait!
Your Fleury is EVOLVING!!
Fleury has evolved into A WALL!!
wow, good job.
Hahahaha
Yes ma'am!
: They're just lyrics.
lol
Back to the gym tomor.
Pray for me!
Bc my bed is so fine right now!
Lol
Today's intersession fun: HVAC maintenance and poetry book reviewing.
nasty mofo movie
I'm your biggest fans, please follow me back : I'm proud to be enchancers
I think my next phone's going to be an iPhone, just because of Instagram.
This bitch got sea shells in her hair lmao
I seriously fucking hate it when someone is sad/mad about something and they decide to take it out on me.
Thats not okay.
you're welcome 
Wanna hear something utterly ordinary?
Listen to Lindsay Lohan's leaked song Can't Stop Won't Stop online!
5 more weeks..,
John Carter Heads to Blu Ray and DVD  Video Vault
This match sums up Isner's career: He's fighting really well, saving lots of break points...but hurting his chances to go deep  a big event
0.25inch hail was just reported in holy hill about 15 minutes ago...
probably getting nervous
your really cute and I love your channel!3
My dancing or the songs?
Ha!
Newt Gingrich is only newsworthy if he doctorps out OR gets bitten by another penguin.
I did not know Ed Hardy made blazers...or that middle age men wore them in public w/ ripped jeans...
Franklin, King of the little fair turtles!
You got to get the habit of doing that brodude..
haha
Watching Jared Spool: UIE Virtual Seminar: Search Scent and the Happiness of Pursuit
woo new Hoarders episode!!!
It is not necessary to change.
Survival is not mandatory.
W.
Edwards Deming
Lisa!
You're our superstar!
Thanks for all of those RT's and posts!
We truly appreciate the support!
Are we connected ?
love you camilla follow me plse!
We dig Arlington!
Many of the bands who play there leave stoked!
Thanks Arlington!
For all my 159 followers, what's your nootz year rezzies?
Love hearing from yall everyday!
Works great, have used it to/from Europe for years.
Game vs.
Howard canceled at halftime with FIU up 21 due to heavy rain and lightning in the area.
No make up has been announced.
That awkward moment when an ugly person disses ugly people...
I made a couple stars outa basic bitches 
After getting in late last night, too tired to worry about wrinkles on clothes.
Wait, don't go there.
That is my nono square.
RAPE!
Get that penis out of me!
Also, a pet peeve that I see around: checking isadmin in wpenqueuescripts.
There's adminenqueuescripts for that
Callin my phone before 10am will definitely get you popped 
Maintaining Authenticity, Avoiding Distraction : A Social Media Experiment at the Newseum on now
Great opening on mobile apps Dan Gordon!
We some Workaholics.
The Magic of Garage Sales.
You gotta spend money to save money!
If you negotiate with no leverage, you will lose.
Maximum leverage occurs at the time of the offer.
Minnesota Lynx beat the Silver Stars 6260.
Jia Perkins had tied it 6060 with 3 free throws.
answer yo phone stupid
because strippers  pro hoe's use that to not have remember your name.it a tell tale if you think someone is 'undercover'
Out of work, skate!
when's it doctorpping
It's a shame that twitter.com splits hash tags at the hyphen, so only the alt of altac is linked
Ordered my costume!!!
But it's gonna take forever to get here ugh
The Los Angeles ripper is finishing up with sound post work.
Just did :
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Tied at 4
Listening to Laura naviaux at sdsms ...
Very interesting
Miller: continuing pattern of decentralization and concomitant flexibility; power of cooperation eg captainHAs
the environment, etc., etc., etc.
Not one has a comprehensive plan  C'mon Guys, the Artic is Melting, you know ?
No time for pussyfooting
Once again, I'm speechless Just...
thank you.
Dance high on a whole new level right now.
why are you mad?
Self check out machines suck ass!
One student in a Red Hot Chili Peppers shirt in class today.
Moving On is prob.
my favorite 1.
RT : Discuss the impact of highpoverty areas on kids at Twitter chat, this Wed at 2 PM EST...
I'd rather Sarah Palin Jog in front of their vehicles.
You have more to offer.
that would be too much on my plate at the moment.
I have done some of that.
I majored in liberal arts.
Will that be for here or to go?
Are you at Confab?
I'd sneak over to see you!
Nice!
Way to look out!
RT Romyy I went to last week in Neshaminy Mall  they said they'll try to get it!
I am thankful and proud to receive the endorsement of the Milwaukee professorssional Firefighters Association Local 215.
Best to combine them unless what you blog about is different from what your website portrays.
That awkward moment when you don't know how to smile when someone is taking a picture.
Spending the night at my sisters:
it's okay!
Thanks !
: hope yours was a great one!
Didn't you just get over a cold??
RT : Cold coming on.
Not happy.
saw you on what a story  effort.
Best of luck to you  enjoy the 162 while you're at it!
Tell your friends to follow our lovely band on this gloomy FF...
and in return, we'll get freaky with you.
Like...
really weird.
Has anyone seen a map or aerial view of shot on 10?
Wouldn't that be a nice graphic to see?
You do not want to be in a car with me when I am in a good mood.
Alan was hired at Christopher Newport U to head their digital art program!!
yay!
My job, tbd...
I'll figure something out :
It gets on my last fucking nerve when people use improper grammer.
Seriously did you go to fucking school.
Fuck.
Hahaha.
I'm going crazy.
You need to get on twitter a little more.
Jump on my page and follow who I'm following.
if u haven't u should go see Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol.
Tht movies is so awesome
Developing the language for a new ecology of learning
Quote of the day: Change is the law of life.
And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future
Time to choose your team for your halftime Can we get team X out there for the second half?
tweet.
Squirrels4Good if don't know, you ain't hip to dip.
my school had facebook blocked...
enough is enough....women are mad as hell and they're not gonna take it anymore...
Headed to Montral.
Had an awkward encounter today......
after open Mike at Java Lounge, went to Dog and Bone.
Go figure...
I sit there and study alot.
It is just noisy enough for me.
Friday night doing nothing...well this sucks
Christain just left.
I can't can a country song out of my head.
HEADS CAROLINA, TAILS CALIFORNIA.
Oh no!
We hope you feel better soon!
After 14 straight hours of work, I'm finally coming down.
Thursdays wear me out.
embed code is a way for youth to retain power over their civic media beyond the moment of production, per at
I'm About 2 Go Nutz Crazy..
how do I become cool enough to get a blue checkmark by my name?
I might be a sex addict.
I should get evaluated or something
RT : What does it truly mean to rejoice with those who rejoice, and mourn with those who mourn?
Well wishing isn't enough.
RT : There are no atheists the last eight miles of an Ironman.
Friday's in the Roost: Check in on Foursquare to get half price Outtakes from 1 to 2 p.m.
RT : Since the aren't playing I'd rather have win rather than the Rock.
Only because I'm a McCready fan
hey how have you been
all I kno is get money its in my DNA....
that is so dope!
Thanks for the RT
Tune in to ABC 20/20 and watch the story on bath salts, the dangerous new hallucinogen sweeping the country's youth.
Never felt a quake before.
Don't get much of that down here in Houston.
We have heat though!
: FullyintheTux is almost here my friends...
Lol I got called that in college cause of the way I look from the inside of my facemask man.
I can see that though.
hell yeah.
I cant wait to get home
QPR!
Wow what an effort!
Average in Monona for visibility this week: 35 sigs per hour per person.
Canvassing will be about 2 hourly.
Keep visibility work up.
Branson, Missouri..
Tons of deer heads everywhere at my hotel!
It scares me but inside...
I like it!: Oh
Sometimes I don't know if I wanna hug you or choke the shit outta you..smfh
Bout to cop a flip phone...
F it...
What a motley FF crew you've assembled.
Cheers!
love you 3 3 crazy girl
Korra with that uppercut though
anyone else notice that since twitter began, overreaction and over doctormatization is up in the virtual world.
People make mistakes ya know
Thanks for the RT :
S/o
You remind me of that kid, Mike TeeVee from Willy Wonka.
:'
hes very loyal.
I got him a job working at Fenway now too.
its in his best interest financially the sox do well.
Hey Marcum, be wary of that Montero.
Oh, too late.
:
No man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental.
just saw an otherwise handsome, bearded dude smoking while riding his road bike.
Boo status squandered.
At a world affairs discussion group on rise of european far right at bar next to obama's or hq.
Fun coincidences.
:
EXACTLY ONE WEEK.
I REPEAT EXACTLY 1 WEEK TILL 1DINDC jegnmfdbngdidlhyjrmhtkhjakrhm SAVE ME I'M CORN!
:D
not necessarily.
my dude I'm worried for you.
Thanks for the follow , , and !
Always great to connect with new tweeters.
We are good at getting people home from that place.
; haha
2011 was one of the happiest, most prosperous, productive, adventurous, creative, peaceful, blessed, all around fun years ever.
HNY to you!
We have refrigerated and freezer truck capabilities.
Call our Sales department to learn about our services 3129972850
Had an amazing time at the CableFAX Program Awards today!!
A really great turn out and tons of fun!
:
Just arrived at the Arlington Dems HQ to do some phonebanking for Jim Moran.
Have a lot shit to do today, while I'm just laying here....
How many apples are in one apple seed?
I dont understand your Q about release distribution.
Clarify?
On my way to ELSUG in Wichita Falls, TX.
Just an excuse to stop in Gainesville, TX for fried pies,
A hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles.
Christopher Reeve
Ooh, which season?
In '88, the O's returned home 123 and had 50k fans at Memorial Stadium...
Will there be a large crowd for this O's team Monday vs.
Texas?
Baruch is just minutes away from Wall Street, midtown, and global headquarters of companies and organizations!
Networking is easy at Baruch.
Turnout off to slow start on primary ElectionDay in
missed connections
I will do all of them except the Goodwill one my friend.
I am too lazy to go buy it lol
Very odd.
What was your favorite Best Picture nominee?
I liked The Descendants the best.
Over here now.
Smooshed near double police line.
Check timeline of for a true touch of class as he heads to the Thank you, mister Bogut.
Best of luck, once again.
Come party tonight with us
He had heart surgery.
From what I understand, he will be doing fine because he got it done !!!
time for a trendwatching piece on popup toy stores.
Exactly right!
569 followers, I tell you what, how about we get just to 1000 followers, have a contest and give away some FOH merch?
sound cool?
yeah!
It's Prom Day!
Should be a good day...sun's shining...!
Congratulations to my brother Dusty on his engagement!
fasho, its coming soon...
but what im working on now you can appreciate it just as much if not more....
why did you get your phone taken away
that could have been a lifestyle reference
ouch!!
Broken toes hurt...
and not much to do to help them.
Sorry to hear that!
No one is going to make your life worth living more than you are.
We need 10 dedicated members for our street team!
Email if you are a true turtle ;
cannot wait so spend 23 w/ my babe..
first time camping!
S/O to WHADDDDDDDUPPPPPP
Your love is the only love I'm tasting 3 5.5.2k12
You said that you could let it go, but i wouldnt catch you hung up on somebody that you used to know
love the article!
Me  u together nothing gets better!
Adele 
its fun
Do future learning scenarios include home school college experience, peer to peer learning credentials in prisons, ?
Clarity Legal's Timeline application to be released Monday  easy to create and customizable timelines for Mac, Windows, or Linux.
I'd say, in this particular corner of Guilford County, the peak of leaf season is today.
Im staying abstinent for 5 years lmfao ...
Composing QR Code Quest for Nat.
Lib.
Week.
Thinking students might find it to be too much work for a supposed fun activity.
Going to watch The Avengers thanks to and her friends : lol
Wieters now just needs a triple for the cycle.
Good luck !
Hope yours comes soon!
If your wife is anything like mine she is already not getting much sleep.
Happy New Year!
My resolution?
Tweet more.
So happy I got the chance to meet you.
bonds all!
When you see it, then you'll understand.
Hold up, Hold up, HOLD THE FUCK UP Who's fuckin leading the game.......
Who are you excited to see at the Expo?
Our first show in Denver is just 8 days away!
Thinking about going to the Dominican Parade
carefree, wherever we may be, we are the famous SKGlee!
some football action in this weather right now?
lets do this!
Thank you for the RT's , you rock!
Carl Lee says SET FREE 10 of the HUMANS LockedUp and doing TIME for a CRIME.
Help Turn 10 of the Humans Loose.
Campaign
Thank you for your support of acweek and nationalservice!
3 DAYS LEFT!
Hope everyone's getting excited!!
TWEETIN FROM THE TRAIN VIA MY PERSONAL HOTSPOT IM STILL AMUSED BY THIS EVEN THOUGH PEOPLE HAVE HAD THIS FOREVAAA WHATEVAA
Oh that's perfect!
I can't wait.
After thunderstorms in the morning it's shaping out to be a pretty nice day for sprints.
indeed!
She left a space for me to write my own fairy story at the back, haha
I am thinking a childoctorn's book, that image on every page, and the dialogue getting sadder and sadder throughout...
The best part about house hunting is seeing how people decorate their homes.
It's shocking sometimes.
swag nd money dont make a real man, a real man is a man with good attitude, a man who respect a woman nd a man who knows wat he wants
so theres maybe like, 5 people actually worth following on my tweeter.
Follow and RETWEET this if you wanna shoutout!
BAM!!!
Kudos to on selling out That Conference Chicago Hackathon!
Greatness ready to happen!
don't be obnoxious ....
it was a dirty play.
I'm hitting the start area around 6:30ish.
After a quick stop at the 1/23/4 mile point, camping out at 6/9 until the half finish.
Awesome!
Thank you!
:
dirk almost got his head knocked off!
Old man on Price is Right wins a car and 25K.
We'll see if he dies of a heart attack before he leaves the studio.
m22q 1st half so excited , inter will put off his angel mask and will show the real football .
??
RT : A Sagittarius is choosy in a mate and will testdoctorve before they buy.
This can be confused with being a player.
reading a FANTASTIC book: the imperfectionists.
great.
make me a shirt
SEC!
SEC!
: it iss.
pretends to read book fat guys want my dickk x:
Thats whats up.
U should def do covers.
dont forget Christmas is soon.
Do some classics.
J.
Beiber's Mistletoe also.
Question: Is there a hard line between the economic and the political?
I think not; the economic is predicated on the political.
That thing you said about revenge lol its pretty funny
so happy for you and Joey : come home soon I want to hear stories!
appreciate the love my guy!
Few friendships would survive if each one knew what his friend says of him behind his back.
Blaise Pascal
It's going well Guy, been a very busy, but good week.
How is yours wrapping up?
Thanks for the RT too
im just gonna lay here in my skiveys and social network all day
well that's practically spitting distance from me!
Can't wait to see you there!
RT : cool sounds like amazing festival !
after 3 months..back to twitter...
Good morning fam....getting a early workout before I hit the highway to Portland .......
is going into postaudio production for a video showcasing client's hottest new products.
Get out of the rain and into the Owl.
3 select doctorfts, 3 house wine, 3 rail doctornks from til' 7pm.
Or try our Fall/Winter menu!
Medical  Surgical History of the War of the Rebellion, 18621865 is helpful in tracking surgeons.
Mean people speak untruths about me, to lift themselves up w/o knowing what they speak.
God, forgive them for they know not what they do.
I just discovered they now sell pens for lefties, considering all the issues I have with pens, I'm considering buying one....
Pack your resume as full as you can.
The more certificates, credentials, the better.
Special Ed, speech pathology, etc.
I want to join a sport where no one judges me lol
oh I know!
the city has done a great job downtown...I'm part of that success...I have a broad spectrum of supporters.
haha you'll be fine!!
Are you going in early tomorrow?
Just submitted my proposal to for a volume on Beyonce's I Am...Sasha Fierce.
Studies show that just standing up every 20 minutes or so can improve your health considerably.
I would add that lying down is good too.
French go hard!!
FOH
thanks, we'll be in touch!
if tweets me a pic of the words I'm alive I'm doctoraming in his handwriting for my first tattoo.
I will wear a chicken suit.
lol
Congratulations to Tim Nguyen for winning a FREE conference pass to San Diego Electronic Music Initiative!!!
Thank you, Although not perfect, at least now Irrational behavior do to P.T.S.D.
etc.
is recognized  treatment is offered.
Whoops just blew a stop sign while tweeting..
Guess I'd be one of those idiots 
Its only for a few days : Im excited about Vegas for ur birthday!
yeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaa
Stuck in a hard place
Lights Camera Advocate for Human Rights  Grandstand booth 69
DUSS really going fast, I day traded it a couple of days ago, looks like it might have legs for penny land!
Nice!
Good to hear others will be enjoying
thanks!
What kinda design u got in mind?
Don't worry, NPS is trying to do that already!
RT : If you continue to list things that you find annoying you will break twitter.
Join us at the German Branch on May 5th at 3 p.m.
for a two hours session on EBooks made Easy!
Register online or call 2715144.
All that matter is: IT'S A W!!!
Gutty effort, Dawgs!
So much for catching the 38 limited...
This bus stops every block!!
I'm assuming I'm going to bed then.
Want to make me cry?
Play the movie Dear John.
thank god!
I hate bs,adults should be able to conduct biz without issue.
Tai Chi has helped me in so many ways
Full tab 4eva!
I think those of us who are oneman PH shops have a unique set of difficulties teaching digital.
The taste of this medicine tho:
watching Live from Red Rocks.
Killer show was at the Boulder and Red Rocks shows last month.
Looking forward to a 2011 DVD!
My soul faints with longing for your salvation, but I have put my hope in your word.
Psalm 119:81
write your username backwards so then they won't have a hard time reading it
atleast try to be the best friend you were.
When did the Academy Of Art, go from college to university?
Fuck a bitch
holy crap, I'm so sorry :
Awesome well a big Happy Birthday to you then!
Will stay in touch on this pop up shop idea!
Happy Birthday precioso !!!!!
YOU NASTY tweet
Mark your calendar: next PDX Duck Biz Lunch is Wednesday, May 2  White Stag.
Bring a friend and let's double the turnout!
See you there.
the Pats'll change that!
: This PatsRavens game is more of a defensive struggle than I'd anticipated.
NFL AFCFinal
ItsAmazingHow life is when you wake up with a positive attitude
i havent watched that show in a while
Thanks 4 asking RTTT  NCLB on steroids  to test corps, not students No educators consulted Follow
it was like a dog park there today.
The Better Business Bureau has lost all credibility with me.
They are trying to sell me a membership so they can give me a good rating.
I already don't win other peoples' giveaways, and there's much less publicity.
So why would I win the Steam daily wishlist one?
I try.
I knew you weren't!!!!
THOU HAST DM'ED YOU BACK.
This Wednesday!
Taiwanese CoffeeBreak from 35pm at the GSA lounge.
Snacks, coffee and mingling.
What more can you ask for on a hump day?
Done, thanks.
and didnt try to do anything about it
RT RT : Mom: What's your excuse this time?
Me: Uh, YOLO?
Running out of battery juice so last tweet for today.
Rivka Galchen now talking about Atmospheric Disturbances.
Innovative educational toys will create a stimulating environment for kids  encourage childoctorn to take their first educational steps.
of course you sleep!
Your face looks fabulous :
: Coke or Pepsi?
Lol
I guess we didn't get the memo!
Oh and don't forget, you gotta find some cups to hide behind.
I love big DICKS
NIGGAS GET THEY TAX MONEY AND SAY SHIT LIKE THIS..................AM OUT HERE GETTING MONEY........SMFH THIS SHIT GOTTA STOP ITS 2012
Next questions about teacher tenue ...
awww u couldn't wait to give me MY candy
Had Siam's.
Hooray for trigonometry
I saw a power line spark up for the first time.
Sound like folk was shooting.
Luckily it wasn't one of ours.
how long does that BFD poll go for?
and im not even doctorssed yet.
Hey John.
I have a couple stories I think Inc might enjoy publishing.
What are the steps an aspiring Incer can take?
Lol Im Just Gonna Laugh About Everything From Now On!!
Good night everyone :
This bitch trying to impress my friend.
Dude, dont even...
Just stop.
your twitter name
that fact that we are even discussing Roadhouse, lol.
He was shirtless in Point Break too;
Where the party at?
Supporting clients in Honolulu, Des Moines, and Plano for starters today.
That's an interesting take on Harvard's announcement, but has troubling implications for funding libraries.
:/
don't do it all where doing it tomorrow remember hehe x
Alice in wonderland is gonna look so cool tech wise, idk about the show itself.
But techies will be proud.
Bonjour , Im so sorry to hear your experience was anything less than exceptional Please email
Did you miss me during the last fucking mystery?
Is it just me or is Andoctorw Garfield,hot?!?haha
I texted 'Ireland'!
are you going barefoot for toms onedaywithoutshoes ?
day 3 of WPT jacksonville underway.
toughest table in the room w/e but lets go.
We're totally open!!
Come on in!!
the voice of truth says do not be afraid
Bringing in.
Any of our clients can tell you how unethical behavior can be exposed quickly in a
Awesome.
I smoked in the mile run
My Halal food cart guy made my day when he told his colleague make it good, he's a regular customer...he gave me more chicken
They ain't worried about you so don't worry about them
got 2 new leads and a new photographer :
we talked to his wife one night at a game, super nice lady.
We love MusicMondays !
What are your kids listening to?
This dude is parked in his car fucking up some corn on the Cobb, hahaha
Thx for the
: Remembers fake retweets of Tweets aren't always what you think.
Absolutely!
Gr8 to connect with u :
just call me to sing sweet lady please 5038476149
ikk D: I already yelled at BobbieJo.
And ofcourse thre talking about it on the radio right now.
SOMEONE KHADAFI ME
I hope your day went better today B!
LOVE YOU!
xoxo
Who's joining us for some Starbucks?
have you used nip guards before?
when I say 'who da man' you say 'you da man'...who da man?
Darryl
Filming coconut grove at New Calcutta restaurant!
Fun.
I'm glad you're getting your time to relax.
Make it count while it lasts!
Oversimplification.
No evidence we'd make better decisions  wouldn't end up back here again.
Need better vision
hail to my fans,they super fyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Get your SuperBowl orders in now!
Football shaped cakepops!!!!!
ready for what???
New Media Marketing  Emerge Sales Strategic Alliance Meeting.
DONE!
Its sad that you sacrifice being late to work everyday for someone and they can't help you do one simple thing...
its cool though.
Work Hard Play Hard
lol  they were so pointless x
Windy and cold here..
Is there any good espresso in Burbank ?
Thank you.
Getting it ready for next year.
Students will access supply lists, etc.
starting tomorrow.
Wow, I haven't been this lonely in a very long time.
Screw finals on the last day, everyone is gone...but me and the foreign students!
If you know what you're doing is killing you, then why do it?...
My answer is idk
Just seriously fell in to a rabbit hole of LibGuide editing that I did not anticipate!
Happy mothers day to all you awesome moms out there!!
I thought so too...I wish it looked like how my eyes saw

So what's your absolute favorite film?
I can't afford to buy porn, so I go to my TV, turn on women's tennis and shut my eyes.
Environmental Questionnaires are a good idea to have ready for your environmental consultants and for inhouse use.
no its for here
Thanks, Michelle, I know that's the truth!
What an amazing network!!
We love to see all the people helping people!
just don't give up, if you give up you'll never know your full potential.
Trust me, I gave up and it breaks my heart everyday
I've been wondering a lot about the relationship between LA weather, the can/bottle cash refund and homelessness.
Need to do some research.
EHOV you've been under the radar slick ass
I loved their characters.
Mulan never became a princess.Her man wasn't a prince.And Anastasia truly is a princess.The princess of Russia.
except I work 2days RT: I go to work and do the same thing for 6 days out of each week...getting old.
Time to find something new
you're getting a new car?
Good shit
Click 'Like' if you had fun ringing in 2012!
What are your resolutions for the new year?
RT : ha!
RT : 5 out of 6 people enjoy playing Russian Roulette.
Happy hydoctortion to all running the today!!
It's gonna be a scorcher!
4 days till MadMen premiere!
Time for a mothafuckin shower.
micro loop Hair Extensions  pliers for hair extensions
Every year is the same with the Ravens media and their This is the year articles, and their Top 5's and 10's.
your not stupid
Sort of the premise of the blog post I am writing right now...
Disturbed by the focus on hotbutton issues instead of faith.
Ain't no boy out here faithful I dont care what nobody say
Just bought my tix for for !
Always good to mix biz w/ pleasure.
The fire files above me some what sooth me
any word from fritolay?
meh.
The filters are weak.
Mom beat breast cancer more than 20 years ago.
Battling bone cancer now.
She is a warrior with a great attitude.
Happy Mother's Day
happy thanksgiving!
enjoy a day of family, friends, food, and boozin'.
The van stinks bad.
They will have to trash it after we finish.
supposed to be but I don't think I can make it.
I feel you tho I don't dance either.
You going sunday right?
its gen.
admission so it doesnt matter but you should probably get on that
If anyone would like a FREE avon booklet send me your mailing addoctorss through message.
I promise we will not send u bulk mail 
Yes.
On a day to day basis it's been the Fielding  Bull Pen which has kept them in games.I know it's NOT the perception but..
I adore your smile...it's contagious .
spending the morning cleaning up the condo  got to ring in 2012 the right way!!
probably thinks i'm the worst for not calling her back.
i'm still not used to carrying a purse
Yep I loved your version.
That was the 1st song I listened to!
Very nice  I'm still obsessed with your
.
That gets their accounts suspended, which works way better than posts or emails.
For such quiet music, Norah Jones' voice has a knack for cutting through whatever you're using to doctorwn it out.
Forget about gas prices, since these cars plug right into the wall!
Paul races off to the Silicon Valley Auto Show, Sun  8:30pm
Headed to Boston.
Exactly  this is fun to watch.
what made you think about that ???
Boredom is nature's way of warning you of low entropy in your life.
:P
weddings are fun!
Back to work for most of us...so we can continue our life, liberty and pursuit of happiness.
If you're not content, look inward.
OMG cupcakes!
peanut butter and lemon.
These are two different flavors, be calm!
1/2 Everytime I open a can of Texas Pete chili the aroma takes me back to summers spent in Salisbury, NC with ...
Another difference is that the materials from the sets are separated and indexed as well so you can find a specific game, etc.
I miss my ex, but Im aiming for better....
LMAO!
It's just Me, Mom, Ez  doctorw, not the WHOLE family RT Your family has a news letter?!
Sounds like a CBS sitcom
Gm tweeps alute!
The grind is yours to control.
When your a devil you burn
I can see computers everywhere  except in the productivity statistics!
Robert Solow
hell yes.
lol every time i hear that song im just gonna think of thos ohsosexy cars.
Lmaao
Thursday Specials  3 For 3 Deal: 3 Miller Lite or High Life shorties for 3!
And 2 Guinness Taps all night!
OMG am late for my date :
Be wary of those you meet toting gifts of friendship...
thanks Catherine: glad to have gotten to interact with you these past few weeks.
looking forward to continued back  forth.
It was nice meeting you Napa Ron Capps!
Hopefully you've caught up on your sleep by now from your early AM CBS 8 appearance.

I feel like my character would doctornk tea lmao that's my favorite commercial
just think hun more money ;
Peeling an apple and crying.
he's in Vancouver filming the next Percy Jackson all summer
Listening to Google's Catherine Roe right now, in person....very cool info.
I might visit tunisia and u ?but what grade are u in?
The first two events of Spring2012Rush are happening TONIGHT!
Info Session  5pm in Alfiero 103  Speed Interviews  6pm in Talbert 107!
Sandwich anyone?
Those who are lifting the world upward and onward are those who encourage more than criticize.
Elizabeth Harrison
FaceTime tomorrow night?
when is good for your timezone??
I'm glad you're glad!!
:D did you have a good day on my birthday?
Just booked my flight back home to NC!
It's been too long...family reunion!
on a scale of 110 this episode of Revenge will definitely be an infinity :!!!
I hate that the rappers that don't have much skill go big and the ones that do have rap skill don't.
.
OMG, My Whole Twitter .
is fulled with MattHunter .
; let's keep it trending3
I get to see him tonight I think :
If the reasoning is reducing consumerism, would us handing out paper anyway defeat the point?
Those all sound good!
Thanks for your answer!
Shit..I need to learn to shut up.
Just 'cuz I rock, don't mean I'm made of stone.
theVoiceofRoy
Interesting  Failure to Launch was filmed in New Orleans AND Delaware, places where The Beau or I have lived.
Too bad it's terrible.
LOVE your pics...they've got me super excited to take my guys in a few weeks!
Leave a love note.
Something specific you love about your spouse.
Your recipe for pancakes or the way you look at me.
oh ya know .
I got reasons ;
morning.
Have a cup of coffee.
That may help.
:
They have and that's my point.
True beauty can be seen beyond the illusions.
Are the two not mutually exclusive?

ItWasOverWhen getting jealous became a habit, trust has been lost, and insecurities became ur way of thinking
starts at 2pm today
CONGRATULATIONS!
Knock'em Dead!
concert in Bham Bobby Brown is SO funny but will ALWAYS be my Fav!
IMIKEWhoCaresWhoULike!
TY 4 listening RT : Thank U all 4 helping us crowd source ideas abt live chats.
We R going 2 make ths ideas reality
Jesse St James looks like he's my age.
Not good, Glee.
Not good.
bulls obv...
Tough loss
you too!
RT : Have you ever seen an illegal dump in the woods and not known what to do?
Become a Citizen Watch volunteer...
what's up seattle ?
10's!
I'll call you later ; x
bye bye Kelly
I remember you telling me this the day after I got my permit hahaha
Working with Capistar Group, LLC on their new website!
Look for it soon.
I like 's Good in Goodbye.
What about you?
I'm sorry sweetie.
I'm single as of last monday :/ the 14th would've been 8 months.
as always, thanks for the love and support.
Al!!
Hoping all is well..
Yes, I am the real Dalton Cyr!
RT : Are u the real Dalton Cyr :o?
It's medicinal.
I got glaucoma.
Cause sleep is for the birds.
i already did : why dont you txt me anymore, yoou hoe!
:/
Watching Coming to America...The royal penis is clean your highness LOL
i didnt finish my essay :/ but worked on it.
so its okay :
good point.
xp support doctorps in 2013, but extended support goes to 2014 sometime.
adoption rate of d8 probably will fall around then
Time machined back 2 1983 sitting in carstereostore.
Didn't know they sill existed.Talking tweeters, boxes and amps!

9th job?
What?
Thanks for the optimism lol
love you my nigga
I am my own evil twin.
Casanova Quinn
thanks for the shout out, you are quite the busy girl.
Hope you are doing great
do we have the same dentist?
;
Any takers for my 2000th tweet.
accomplishments should be spread to others
If its your turn to pick a lunch spot, come by Wet Stone!
We have something to please every palate!
Open from 11am2pm.
no double for me.
Only my 10 mile trail run this am.
No lock on my phones,if u searching cool don't burn ya eyes..
RT Good Morning diet  exercise!
:
Honey jack tenessee wiskey and coke yikes
Gotcha
DA announces charges against 2 officers
Wait, which is worse?
MT suburban kids adopting hiphop cliches  different than bands doing mock covers of rap songs.
Great day of sled riding with family
I think that's part of the problem.
Info Lit means various things to various people; Copyright for example...
...
im sure it don't help when ppl say stupid shit to add to ur stress
Second to last week in July.
Now we just need to find cheap airfare....
I can't wait!
We didn't go last summer.
actually I am heading bk from Ed s wedding
Tammy dnt get no points u c the bitch scared let her make it
ah,sorry, hadn't been on for ageswe have 5.0 for now.
They want Wordlike track changes.
like dyson?
It'd take Mitch over him at this stage of the season.
Peeps can someone tell me WTF is cribbage?
Gotta rest them for the playoffs...
Oh wait.
You can forward any DMV TFP requests our way.
Tahoe trip finally coming up, Hopefully Squaw Valley gets some snow before I head off.
As a side note, one can sensibly question whether X is deserved even if there is no alternative to having X.
y is that a good thing ?
RT : Sweetwater Organics has wheatgrass, alfalfa, etc sprout trays for 16 each.
to reserve
Beyonce doing the alanis cover on her live album is so sick and perfect.
awesome!!!!
we have a music video coming out this thursday too :
Damn OKC ain't have to get TheLakeShow back like that!
Ghostface  NeYo voice 
Ejorge always is so unlucky xD
where are you guys located?
That's alright, Talia was already being a good girl and she's sleeping and I was studying so no stress babe
Whats up world???
Who fuk wit the Columbian Princess???
If you fuk wit ur gurl 4 Real S/O and lets start a chain!!!
I think so for sure just because they missed by their own accord.
To doctornk.
Haha
Love Walt Disney!
haven't heard yet...
RT : i forgot to ask when i was in the store but are u gettin those Digital camo AF1
wanna go to th movies or something?
Cause im bored
What if we compromise and add shooting ranges?
nice boats.
Follow boat enthusiasts, mags like tourist mags or coastal living.
Fishing buffs, also Croatian culture.
Good luck.
Yeah, I'd rather fuck Maggie Gyllenhaal myself.
Maybe I'm just friends with people on the fringe.
I swear I need to get shadows of the damned again.
is a freaking genius.
:
LOL RT : Atheism is a cult with a small following.
I need the lakers to lose
These peeps Rock:  diggin their content on
hell yeah homie I can't wait.
workin on raisin the money to get u and bless on a track g
I thought we were playing tomorrow?
Lol
I wanna skate the
I'm sleepy.
Waiting for the coffee to kick in.
I need to get my rear in gear and start packing.
I tend to procrastinate.
Some one ask about my best poker accomplishment it was 1987 Super Bowl of Poker.
I Finished 1st twice and 2nd twice in the first ten events.
AWWW POOR BABY TAKE SUMTHN FOR IT
RIP Whitney Houston!!!
Grew up to your music all through the 90's!!!
You will forever be missed, and never forgotten.
Good morning my fellow TweetHearts!
Happy Thursday to you!
We can't wait either, should be fun!
Enjoy!
RT Can't wait for this bulls game tonight
and you as well!
Okay I get it , I made a mistake.
.
Stop reminding me !
.t
RT Slightly upset about shaving his beard..
Better hope it grows back..
OrElse // Hahaha
That's great!
Plus they are 50 off today!
Here's to better posture!
How about Perez Hilton MFing the Black Eyed Peas on his blog.
And weeping?
Awesome.
I think you just got cuter after i saw u today 
OK, moving this Joyology thing into daily practice...today, how will you bring joy to others?
Suggestions welcome.
ok.
You let me know when ur ready and we'll get to work.
Good luck to athletic trainer Aaron Leu who is running the Boston Marathon today.
...?
If It's what I think it is, I totally blame
There's a reason why the boys pick the georgiapeaches !
Jammin' to my giirrrl!
Hydoctorte plenty while training in hot weather.
Aquafina is refreshing before during and after, chocolate milk for recovery after!
are you famous lol?
she was booking' it!
it was almost as weird as the pitbull in the side car of the motorcycle...
Hi Delena!
Grins How have you been kiddo?
I need a tiny asian lady to shuffle on my back, my back has been killing me.
By harnessing the power of Pirate Bay, I.
Am.
God.
It was mostly smoke, but dear lord was there a lot of it.
I've never been more glad I have one of those industrialstrength floor fans.
When you find the right doctorss, you just know :
Wow!
RT : Boston Marathon allowing runners scheduled to run on Monday to defer to next year because of heat forecast
Is it just me or does that spongebob have a penis!?
yea same...i wonder how many tweets he gets in a minute...probably lots...i have only messaged him like 20 times at random
too funny, thanks, I needed a chuckle
OK.
My laptop's battery is dying, and I can't reach the power cord...
must go to bed!
Victory for MSU!
Thanks everyone for joining us at the Cap this week!
And it's the pearl buttons and denim jeans that has him looking just like Springsteen.
Barefoot, white tee shirt...
:
thanks for sharing, Dave  Manz
ha!
How Now Brown Cow!
Who can name that movie??
On another note, Stompeez Slippers are creepy looking!
Jenfek is playing the blind tiger tonight in greensboro nc doors open at 8
I am no longer a slave to sin!!
PGA course reporter at the Wells Fargo Championship!
Happy abt prediction made at event, we won't have websites in 10 yrs, just social media
maybe library retooling starts with spiritual/personality retooling, so pcreative writers can indeed teach us at a conference?
working on losing the pounds.
Thanks for the inspiration.
Hope u feel the love!
: : How r u guys today?
so don't blow anything up my donkey only you do!!
aw3 making my day
Ok everyone.
What's the hot Twitter desktop toy that you recommend I use?
I've been out of the loop for a year.
Tweetdeck?
Something else?
I have been waiting 364 days for this night!
If you show me the sea and mirrors, i will think Mendieta, Deren.
The Walker shows them, and more.
Midnight party.
Tehehehe: Got My Costume Today.!
Its Amazing.!
It seems that all three are having/had a fairly good day, Beck played decent, Tebow played well, Ponder is playing well
: My high school sophomore year is almost over!
omg timeflies
music makes life better :3
Awake on NBC was the best show premier I've seen in years.
If it can keep it up it could be a real hit for NBC.
It was great talking with you guys.
I'm going to sleep now.
Stay in touch.
yeah I did: lol DumbBlonde moment :
I feel like I'm missing something here
Whats up Danny!
21stcentury anyone?
RT : For less than the cost of operating the USPS a printer could be installed in every house.
Adam Fish
will the world end in 2012 like the mayans perdicted?
NO man we have to stay for final exams lol
Hey guys!
Our farewell show is coming up!
April 9th Tickets are available early so hit us up for one!
s/o to for unfollowing me .
oh my gosh it's meant for us!
great day in point hope your day was good 2
Thanks for the follow Molly!
RT Feeling so strongly that I must say there is truly nothing as rewarding as helping another find their way to success  happiness!
Come to think of it...
Part of me does not like he is sharing all of this info
I say it how it is if u don't like it then dont bother asking a question u know u won't like the answer to!
Of course :  Hopefully, there'll be a lot of those horrorshivers!
I love your icon!
My creepy neighbor that never comes out if his house, has a a wifi ID called: SillentKiller
Hey you how have u been
no matter what, you always make me proud.
thank you boo, i love you .x
You can't map out a plan for a diverse life, Mari Kuraishi, cofounder and President, GlobalGiving.
What's cool is when you're an athlete, actor, and musician.
Love how talented I am.
LOL
DC: Mayor is now begging the President for his endorsement.
He wants the job so badly, he will never get my support.
Desperate Moolee!
thanks, will do.
I Kno Jordan Want dat 1st pick so he can grab Anthony Davis!!
Never say just when referring to coffee :  RT : just a medium Coffe with a
The adult prom doctorsses at this prom show are amazing so far
First big networking dinner at sxsw.
We have achieved BBQ.
Waiting to get into a premiere party.
Sleep is irrelevant.
I take it you're either a cheerleader or a gymnast?
No Way!
You live in 's pants too:D
Thursday is the new Spa Day at McMenamins Grand Lodge!
Call 503.992.3406 or visit us at McMenamins.com for mor info!
Lawyers are like rhinoceroses: thick skinned, shortsighted, and always ready to charge
m hm got ya
Do others see God's goodness in you/me?
How will they know He's good if not?
I'm catching up on listening to training calls :
Thank you for the FF dear!
I love hearing Charles Barkley ramble and talk himself in circles.
Fav Super Bowl commercial so far?Not sure but like the tag line for KIA.
An epic ride.
Cool word epic.
Just proved it again!
Thanks for the retweetables.
did u look at da whole pic
It is so windy!
Almost got knocked over this morning!
me too
General MA figures in Canada in 2011 have been strong,with the energy industry seeing the greatest value deals.Read more...
Its a long year alot od positives to take out of this game especially rondo n bass, if pierce plays we win
nope..a brand new 57 for ya to break in.
pls don't let anyone put doctornks near turntables..just got fixed.thanks.
Sydney  I are having a slumber party.
I don't like it when I come up with something funny and can't share it due to non disclosure agreements.
But I'm not just a Twitmedian.
No good decision was ever made in a swivel chair
HAHAHAH same here
I need to wash my hair
FOLLOW ME !!!!
SECOND DAY ON THE TWITTer
good call
cant you just leave me alone?
Reading my first ebook on Kindle.
Not sure I'm a convert yet, but the ability to highlight and write notes is pretty great.
Where are you going nug?!
RT : Flight delayed 2 hours.
Hungry and bored not a good combo.
Anyone at love field?
Seeing all these Nashville marathon runners has inspired me.
I ran right to Krispy Kreme this morning.
Starting on 4th and college.
I love this song omg , this my new shit lol..
Strong finances are key to not only a better lifestyle but also reduced stress.
I know the feeling!
www.seanspencer.blogspot.com
that would probably not be good for others in my office.
Routines like that are why we keep watching sytycd and have stoped watching idol.
So much more talent.
it's like screaming and no one can hear.
proposing that Northerly Island be converted into park complete w/sunken shipwreck in Lake for diving
MUSIC is my galaxy
Mortgage Rates Cheaper at the Table.
Unchanged in Principal
we're reshooting it later this month and hopefully releasing it next month :
get with it ole lady....I have doctorgon Voice activated software....
On my way to clearwater beach : woo:
No, my socks a duallayer for that.
Didn't work today...
RT : are you double socking?
Prevents blisters.
I go to my hometown news station website and I see this headline kids getting doctornk off hand sanitizer wtf is wrong with people these days
damn right he does!
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
James M.
Barrie
Arthritis run, Irish Fest, fall cleaning, playing outside..
I love summer weekends in Milwaukee!
Bend; don't breakdance.
To get what is best for you, sometimes you have to give up what is most important to you...i am so sorry :/
I see you liked my pics
Just saw a screening of happythankyoumoreplease.
Wonderful wonderful film!
Go see it!
lol r/s
My dad keeps saying alarming things while looking at the radar.
I'm going to throw up.
that's so good
Let's go Sycamores.
Great win for
: Hope I'm still up cuz I'm tired from wrk : How, you dnt do nothing lol ?
whaddup big dog.
u in the D?
trying to get up with you  dm.
Totally agree!!
: is discursar a word?
And does it mean to discuss/version of it?
I took a few techschool level programming classes and I never understood why more people didn't bring laptops.
In the first 36 hours that I was home for Thanksgiving, I was sleep for 30 of them.
Rock on.
DM Me the Password.
Scouts always want players.
Ozzie likes flexibility.
howtokeepawoman a good deadbolt on your doors?
it's impolite not to look.
Would you go to the louvre and not look at the Mona Lisa.
They're there to be appreciated.
are you the primary lyricist or do you and split them up?
Knowledge/motivation/stronger relationships
hellls yeah round 2 of coffee/croissants!
Perfect end to the O's game today with Wieters nailing a stealing Nat.
i wonder if you can tell the psychos you come across on twitter?
more television for derren in the us!!!!!!!
okay okay that sounds like a very fair deal!
I'm there!
But as far as cops go, not out of character one bit.
RT : Those cops brutally murdered
oh and no rental skates available sorry.
WHEN I LOOK IN MY CLOSET ALL I SEE IS ADIDAS
What u got I need a lot so I can't let u go
Dick, you are so on point.
But Newt is still dynamic.
.
truly is Amazing!
RT That's so sweet, Heather.
A girl at the El Rey just told me she doesn't like black people and she's ignorant.
Welp, nice to meet you too!!
Women Who Changed the World in the First Decade of 2000!
I'm such a winner
And we didn't even make it into the first room.
Thank goodness for the scared silly pass!
Hope the boys are doing OK!
Does anyone ever go to when they mean ?
I do it every time.
OETC12 Play a 3rd person shooter ...in your body!
Immune Attack is in the MASH Lab.
You should be in the MASH Lab!
I wonder if 57 contacts are worth turning in?
hope everyone is having a good weekend!
im heading out to go party.
see you on the other side.
Dear MTV, WTF happened?
Sincerely, Music.
If you eat them while studying, I've heard you better do so during the test.LOL What a good hubby!
oh my bad i tweeted the wrong person!
Who will be the first follower of the newly created fan club twitter account...
me!
Dive in some lava hahahaha : real shit!
The most beautifulthings occur when we're outside of our comfortzones.
Jennifer Jordan
Not gunna lie, definitely just made my day 
Updating my resume.
Not fun, but it is always interesting to see what new things I have learned since last time!
The time has come.
Tomorrow I need to find playoff tickets.
Good work indianapacers.
Proud to be a fan.
Agreed.
Players change teams all the time.
Not news, especially from a year ago.
: Give Him your mess and let it become your message.
got it!
and got unstuck, will catch up to Week 2 soonish
Gonna stuff my face with all the food mom is making!
Im of the opinion that anything that has to do with Jmoss should be avoided altogether.
Life's too short to be mad at everything.
you're right.
Watching practice is dumb
I need 2 finish icing my leg...damn near tore somethin da other day
So cum then lol RT : Ugh my woody wount go down and I'm too lazy to go pee!!!!!!!
.
It's gonna be a hoot watching them fall before their home crowd...
My 15 year old jock brother said said the boyz have swag and he likes T's chain.:
I did see that.
He's genious.
I honestly don't even understand how I have any tears left.
I hear ya
i'm following you on my personal one because i have my following limit on my fan blog
Great game.
Great win!
Lucky you.
RT My boys broke through in the bottom of the 8th.
Tweeting from ATT Park.
I don't understand it.
Personally, I don't even wanna imagine the sista they'd create for that show.
BAD JOKE FROM OBAMA!!
Hotness rating just rose, like, 57475462840574 points.
why did u ever leave I miss seeing you in da ring.
One sexy WWE diva
i love life,..
thank you, thank you.
Seriously need to delete my Twitter before I apply for a job..
Nobody will hire me if they see it.
Yes I Am LOL
Study of Existence  An ontology is a system of categories for classifying and talking about the things that are assumed to exist.
is looking for a Cataloger to work in Alexandoctora, VA.
Experience with Quadoctor Star database is preferred.
Ricky Rubio is a super star...At Age 17: Olympics, right?
1 Honey Bunches of Oats are great.
2 Falling asleep to the mugglenet podcast about the Deathly Hallows trailer.
Awesomeness 
If u r constantly feeling depletedcheck ur circle.
U can't be the only 1 pouring outu will be empty.
Surround urself w/ppl who can fill u.
what's up?
Closer Look Book Club: On The Road by Jack Kerouac.
Thursday night  6 p.m.
ShoutOut 2 she pretty go follow for me :
I agree that there should be a balance between face time and screen timeboth offer what the other does not
LOOK AT HIM.
I WANT TO RAPE MY TV
Our doctorwn Dead Pro will be playing cash at the Bellagio today..wish him luck!
door hinge is the only thing i've come up with in my 22yrs.
so ready for the week end time to get fucked up
Have not heard from you in a while...any updates?
Getting bored
Occupy Congress Jan 17.
Whaddya think?
We could go when it's dark  wear sunglasses.
I'll leave the pack if cigs to you ;
I see that you are going to the Baltimore Blast game tomorrow, where are you sitting?
Boarding Group 1...and 3 ppl from Group 6 jump in line.
I'm from Chicago
Google Apps will be at 350Million Students in 2015.
We provide the Padvertisement system free of charge to hotels and the venue shares in the ad revenue.
We provide the advertisers too.
follow back?
you plan on coming to the TEDx planning session?
The Sentinel screenplay is looking more solid everyday.
Waiting for the last character pose before going to Phil Tibbet.
I gues i should go to.sleep ;p
Got the munchies?
We can fix that.
414.562.4444
pineapples are the best
sad i cant go to winter formal : why does there have to be a stupid gymnastics practice every time something awesome comes up sheeeeeeshhh
I think Jenny and Greg will always be my favorite storyline!
pr work?
It's a weekend of international customers and Hermits of Afton jacket sales!
Thank you for the demos and advice

Boost!
Then gnaw the crunchy stuff off the stick!!
Happy new years to our friends on the East Coast and Central time.
I think it's interesting that Diane is really the main character.
She's the one making all the decisions, w all the conflict.
is there some way to do a campaign about impact of NEH on humanities?
Only in Cville Two people walking through the bank doctorve through...
RT : She is a thug in a cocktail doctorss
I have so much family, its always someone visiting, today I had 21 people visit.
They didn't come at once, lol they came at different times.
HAY MIKEY33.
you should come to dc ;
high fives for low lives
What do gov info professorssionals think about the proposed name ASKPro?
Will it help broaden appeal to other gov techies?

They looked iite for prom 
being staunch anything is selfdefeating.
Leaves no room for growth or evolved thinking.
yeah...
the movie mirror mirror is not good...
not even with low expectations...
I would have liked to see LeBron play as if Wade wasn't on the court last night.
We've seen him handle teams solo before.
Wristband still on
Great show for a great cause in Omaha!
Here we go!
Thanks for the inclusion, Tommy!
Those who don't prepare for the violence of life leave themselves vulnerable and unaware.
To me Wayne State is a haven of true Detroit soul.
Arts Achievement Awards get it girl!
Sleepy as shit.
Thanks for following.
If you want, I'd be happy to send you one of.
It's my invention.
I don't want to hear your voice...so stop talking.
glad it's useful, and we'd happily accept your kisses.
cc //
Set Build, then Sharks Cove  Keikis 3 Gotta love 3 day weekends.
I am because school :
His dad told him to wake me from my nap.
That's how Son's tongue ended up on my eyebrow.
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 1.
being put on HOLD!
i have a new rule, if u leave me on hold for over 2 mins I'M HANGING UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Want to fix something quick fo before Thanksgiving?
Call us 3052323344
i wanna see her dunk agan
methinks we are taking this touch analogy too far.
it just sounds dirty now!
what was the last great novel you read?
No more KISS FM?
major WTF!!!!!!!
Happy BD 2 !
Enjoyed watching film yesterday!
Happy Happy!
:
Also, he liked two of my questions,
flyers better step their game up
HUGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGSSSThings will get better, they have to...you're too good for them not to!!!
I honestly look at ppls tweets b4 I decide to followback to see if I want their fuckery on my TL shrugs
That my good sir, is epic.
I totally have that on my person at the moment..
Frank is the epitome of the perfect man; is this you in real life?
Just found out I've been cast in Adoctoren Brody's directorial debut Mudjumper.
Small part, but super jacked!
:
My real name is Adam
go on 2mm
sent money for the lose my mind track standard lease...can you email it to me at
Come have a stiff one!
Its Thirsty Thursdays!!
hey!
I have a question about the street team Since your no longer with Cdoctor Please dm me?:
you ain't a G then  crip walks all on your shoes
How I wish you were beside me now hugging me .
Its hard for me to forget the moment we spnd tgher dearest :/
we will have that up as soon as the network is up ;
Follow he's ana amazing singer FOLLOW HIM!!!!
first time I met me and my bf were creeping on him at warped and he saw us so he shot us with a squirt gun
Twitter tip: use/follow hash tags to insert yourself into a conversation and share info.
Micro wind and solar are being deployed: new battery tech is lightening loads
we now have a facebook with a username and everything.
facebook.com/combustionbooks
Lose an ear, no contest.
Brandon weedon is like 70 years old
Can we ask you for some support when we come through Orlando!
We return favors!!
:
Just bought my 3/24 ticket for Spoon w/Deerhunter at the National in Richmond, VA!
Britt and co.
will be at 930 3/22 and 23.
oh no sold out!
I'm just all around bitter lol.
Packers got outted, Bucks still suck and the Brewers got hit by injury and looking sad.
RT : Thanks to for adamant stance opposing SOPA.
Too far reaching in its language and negligent in its aims
Savor it!
I always experience postpartum when books are finally published
How have you honored doctor King's legacy of fighting for tolerance and justice today?
Trying out this month.
I signed up for the unlimited account.
Fingers crossed, this'll give me more time 2 B an exec director.
U.S 101 is now open north of Garibaldi in Tillamook County following a single vehicle crash.
more give aways this evening...
around 7 pm!!!
there's 19 days of school left, why the hell are you giving me so many projects and crap?
they loved them!
youcantdateme if you can't take a joke  take everything seriously
The rumor is true!
dnt say that.nwe just have to tweet about our ovaries and he will rt us.
He is horny.
Lol
Being a NotreDameFootball fan is like being married to a very bright, beautiful, woman who cheats on u every other Saturday...
I have been thrown out of corec hockey games, but haven't brandished a blade yet.
I can't get away from either of them.
These aren't your Christian Laettner Duke Blue Devils
Good morning, all.
Hope your Monday's off to the start you wanted.
Also new to Chocolee are  lb.
dark chocolate candy bars loaded with doctored apricots and almonds.
At 10 each, they are flying out the door.
When buying a puppy its good to remember that puppies grow into dogs; you have a commitment to your dog for his whole life
Got my report card today and guess what?
I have an A in Greysonology!!!
DLC codes for Mt.
Eddie  the classic character pack?
I have SSX for 360  PS3.
Been a fan since Tricky.
1 way, south beach
Planning and forth thought are my friend.
Going into a situation with full confidence based on 8 weeks of preparedness.
Rawk.
I wish I knew what this movie is about.
RT : Hawaii!?Hey there
Harry Redknapp talks about motivating players who earn unthinkable sums, creating a global premier league, and how he would find it hard to
Good morning Vegas!!
What steps have you taken today that will benefit your health?
We met, we talked, we liked, we texted, we dated, we committed, I loved, you cheated, we're done, you're deleted.
Thank you Shannon for the Shoutout back on Aug 4th.
You rock!
yay, that was great, well done!
You continue to me.
just change that my son asked me if i may just thought it out, already.
Can't wake up today?
Come to one GRIND and try a Red Eye OR a Black eye D
Oh trust me, you really don't, I live in florida....ITS A LIVING HELL IN FLORIDA!!!!!
roku player sounds great.
looking forward to it.
I didn't mean to send that as a reply, Twitter still gets me sometimes.
:/
well done I am stealing this for the day lol
if you like the taste of butter Scotch candy, I suggest butter shnopz
Bout 80 of the avi's on my tl r either a shorties ass or titties or a collage of both
I have just been told, in no uncertain terms, that it is not narrative dynamite to put a Navajo rug on your character's wall in every story.
1.
Open fridge.
Nothing to eat.
2.
Open cabinets.
Nothing to eat.
3.
Lower standards and repeat.
Hi Jessica  just found you here.
Just RT'd your post about telecommuting  enjoyed it.
Oh yeah RT : When you are bad, it is very good for everyone involved.
Happy New Years to all the Redheads, Brunettes and Blondes  Happy New Years to everyone else.
Much love to all the world!
God ave the rest
Please go to Queensbridge Kenny.
Hello Friday.
Nice to see you again!
: It's great to finally see LinkedData reflecting intrinsic data access and data representation separation of
I like to move it move it
WANT MORE MAD MEN NOW!!!!!
oO
Homeschool Day tomorrow!
Kids can come learn about toys before electricity.
Cross your fingers for good weatherwe want to play Graces!
Time to reup on some vit c !
Challenges indigenous materials pose to historians  archives digitizing documents on 17th century New England Indian wars.
Ugly American should be used as in the novel by the same name  describing the American who goes outside of the compound.
he does sound very fascinating.
I'd love to see how far he goes in later years.
Nice shot!
Thanks for visiting The Lube.
Come back again soon!
Can't believe my baby is 18
My dad says I look like a 12yearold boy w.
my new haircut ...
which has dark implications if I find out a girl is interested in me.
omfg you said right there yeah buddie!!
nick your gonna make me cry before the show even starts!
please check dm's!
3
Place My wants AND needs over your resistance ,
always a good follow.
We're pushing 's LeapFest at our current show MotherBear bc was workshopped there last yr.
Good point.
I love the ability to start and stop the recording after each slide and edit audio per slide
reports that SimonSpurr has left his namesake label.
No word on why.
If you need us, we'll be on a ledge somewhere.
Yeah, but you gotta like that Ingram's still there, too, right?
Welcome to DC!!
When will we meet!!
We have tons to discuss everything BUT politics!
Plus I wanna hear your accent:
Thanks for the follow, Brendan.
Great to be connected with you!
Madden tournament starts at 7pm.
love music.
When girls say why can't every guy be like you?
to the biggest fake asses and you know you're 100x better
Planting my wisdom tree at www.iwise.com/dickensmb
Ask Style: How To Stick to My New Year 's Resolutions?
I always stray from my NYE resolutions by week two.
Do you have any tips for makin
my iphone 3gs is dying.
Not sure I can wait for iphone 4/5 release.
can I take 30 unlimited plan to a nonApple phone?
I'm noticing a lot of new followers, thanks to all of you.
You should sign up for our mailing list at www.fourstep.com too :
iluv that song icant get it iut if my mind me n my friends sing it all the time
It's TeamQinTheCommunity Thursday so it's time to find the best people, places,  events that embody the SanDiego spirit that we all love!
Adelle comes on radio..
this girl dont know how she looks 0o lives under a rock much
I Just noticed myself...
not sure what I think yet....
Only thing missing is that rightside advertising and then it's a perfect FB steal.
Big congrats to Spies Like Us for being accepted into the Arkaik Clothing band endorsement program.
They're stoked to be part of the fam!
ah that's awesome...small world!
glad you're enjoying my stuff, I appreciate the hometown support!
Hey Nikol  I am not sure about that, but let me double check and get back to you!
:
to Wow!
Are you going pro?
Sadly no, that was my first 200 all year.
If you have any questions on any of the terms, dont be shy to ask inshallah!!
RT: The Broncos brass is flying over Kansas City.
Wave Chiefs!
Manning 
Kids in the hallway that walk like they have no where to be
Plough deep while sluggards sleep, and you shall have corn to sell and to keep.
Benjamin Franklin
Why are you so on point today?
Kim Thayil's worst riff is better than KISS.
Great day at the skate park
if the world were a happier place it would be their oyster
Israel, under whose wings you have sought refuge!
13She answered, You are most kind, my lord, to comfort me and to speak Torah 40/99
Thank you, Irma, for the love!
...oh...and the smile!
Hope you have a marvelous day!
Best spam email I got today: Having superstiff boneon is easy.
Working on cars at the Crowne Plaza Indianapolis Airport...preparing for our FORD/A Student Auto Skills contest tomorrow morning.
I'm talking about before that?
When he let the ball go straight through his hands which caused Durant to get the gw shot??
did you email Bill?
I'm SO sorry!
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston.
I loved your music.
God really blessed your voice.
Your with the Father now.
scms12 Doane: the rhetoric of immersion seems to return the body but we should take care w/ this assumption
What are you having for dinner tonight?
Let us know!!
Been a weirdo ever since the doctor said push
Best headline ever: EGYPT ERUPTS IN JUBILATION
How can you scumbags live with yourselves, by giving Casey Anthony 200,000, a woman that MURDERED her own innocent child?
Horrible!!!
yes, just makes sense HR should deliver value in three areas, talent, organizational culture and leadership.
Ack!
I hate you so much right now!
Homeland the reason for all these late late nights ...
creepy nightmares' Can'tStopWatching
Kassian to Vancouver?
Very interesting.
Hodgson could be an excellent fit.
Sabres need centers badly.
That awkward moment your trying to get over someone you never dated.
Thank you!
I definitely will ;
going to see u at the Resch Center tonight with some dear friends.
The last time I saw them play was Feb 1976.
I was ten years old!
Are you a professorssional marketer?
Connect with tens of thousands of other marketing professorssionals on LinkedIn, Facebook and InboundMarketing
On Tuesday evening I will be lecturing at the COSMOS CLUB in Washington DC on my book about Saint Petersburg Russia
We use Movie Maker for stopmotion classes w kids.
Also staff team building event.
Great!
and for more.
Being in ROC I should know these things but shamefully I do not.
tomorrow the people who got picked go to a location that they emailed to us !
everyone got a different place, kinda odd
Can't trust anything today.
CBJ Red Cross Blood doctorve at Nationwide Arena today till 5:30pm.
2 tix to a Jackets game and Chipotle coupon.
Chance to win other prizes!
Ideal combo of size, speed, arm length.
Love his physicality.
Very strong tackler.
Receivers separate too easily though.
Thanks a million for emailing your country radio station and requesting me, Amy Ames at www.AirPlayDirect.com/AmyAmes.
My album is
Favorite weekend crock pot recipes?
Go!....
FlyMeToLondon ???
Yes, please!!
hi steve!
If Not Like This were an Animal, what kind of Animal would it be...
and why?
we watched an anti bullying video in school today, and i thought of you!
Your such a good person !
Well if he cheats he cheats!
Ppl just need to stop talking about it!!!
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I've already imagined you naked and it was great.
I hope reality doesn't let me down.
Come and savor the flavors of our tasty Sangria tonight!
5 glasses...step into Latin America one glass at a time or two!
the young agent gets healthy starting today.
i will be holding memorial services for my love of all things fried later today :'
In other news, there's a ton of randomly useless information under TheMoreYouKnow hastag.
I 3 Twitter.
I've accepted my destiny.
Forever alone with 30 cats.
Great  thank you!
Let me know
I never taught my kids to believe in Santa Claus!
Santa  Mom  Dad!
my kids don't believe the hype!
The road goes on forever and the party never ends.
Lol RT : man you are totally dominating that hashtag you made up.
no thanks.
You're very welcome.
Appreciate having you as a readerand I'm sure Tananarive does, too.
:
i have no dude..
Thanks for coming out to Chicago for the presentation!
remember when eckesited
me too!!!
And I never will!!!!
I hate how parents make promises that they always break......
HAVE SEX ALL SUMMER BABAAAAAAAAAYYYY
Ok headed to a Birthday Dinner
Good...
I hope you're doing well!
And rose!
Same question is on my mind.
My daughter is about to turn 14.
Looks older.
I think that's now ok.
Do you REALIZE how many events are in May?
Geeeeeesssssh!
RIP Donna Summer
almost all of my clocks update automatically.
Except for the microwave...stupid microwave.
I just figured out how 2 update this page from my phone.
Awesome.
I will b more faithful...
sorry man :
Ok team Clay you guys are worrying me.
Pull out that win
GoRabbits!
RT : so cool that Rolling Stone magazine had 4th and Forever on its watch list for Long Beach Poly :D
The dogs they are a barking!
I think And should win doctorgeRace because they are all unique and bring something new to doctorg!
this always happens.
Don't fall for someone if you dont know whether they will catch you or not....
its not fair.
im always the friend.
When I get very tired or discouraged I tend to doubt things.
Today I'm doubting my whole life.
It's not a nice feeling.
I've come to the realization that I care more/root more for LC sports than I do Monroe...
can I get a followback please?
it may sound like sum bs but its true
I can't tell if you're mocking me but I really do!
Zooey, I don't know you but I'm pretty sure you Awesome!!
e mail me at .
thanks.
Thank you so much that really means a lot to me!
it's like 28 in the a.m.
but 40 something in the afternoon.
Still too cold for me!
Biased indeed...
We must say we've been pretty happy with Campaign Monitor.
You can't stop doing research though.
Wow the people on MW3 these dudes have issues!
haha getalife!
Ahh!
I love doctorving!
It's so fun!
Haha!
How did you do?!
:
if you want a religion to make you feel really comfortable, I certainly don't recommend Christianity.
C.S.
Lewis
it's quite nice here from JulySeptember.
Hope you can make it!
MSNBC: Breaking Newt
Today was SO cool!
I learned an incredible amount of stuff!
...damn my body hurt !
Mike Smith better get suspended for that cheap shot.
Coyotes may get swept either way...
feels really good .
Definitely worked our butts off
Looking forward inperson networking today w/LinkedIn connections.IMPORTANTget out from behind computer  conduct real time conversations
Ha seriously, that was random.
We are afterpartying now..
good times
Never laughed so hard !
This app is to funny
Thx for the shout!
And we plan to LevelUp the world!
which likely includes retail stores :
As a dog returns to his own vomit, So a fool repeats his folly.
Proverbs 26:11
I suppose it means more people going to the new site, but it's still peculiar that it'd go down with no word on why.
you say that now..but im pretty sure you'll still do it lol
No, I've been trying to keep it either brand new or obscure, but ZMD is a solid book.
You just decided my next segment!
No mention on GR site of you being there today.
Are you?
I'd like to come  say hey.
U aint suppose to be here
by the way i saw a picture of u , u look like Jasmine V
jealous I'm still cleaning bottles off
OH: its not just boring old daddy day.
It's star wars day.
Lmao
Just retweeted this action alert  thank you.
good morning happy Monday.
Be safe  have a gr8day
Police union spokesman: 1 suspect shot and killed by police, 2 shot when officers respond to a burglary in progress in Little Village.
I'm a baby: Entertain me Show me stuff Let me touch/eat everything Feed me stuff that I like I'm sleepy so I'm crying.
Do something.
Being a husband and father is better than being just a baby daddy.
The Halo Reach Legendary Giveaway is CLOSED  we have a WINNER!
Congratulations, Jimmy Embrey!
you got that from tumblr D: I just saw that xD
Just ran into at SDMNOHeartYourself!
We definitely need to meet up for coffee soon!
probably shouldn't have a money sign after our name in lieu of recent events hah
Clams and beer are good, but my family is doctorving me batty.
Wondering how the Battles went last night...who took it?
ColoradoHipHop Big up to the dude Iron from DC and the homie Knowon D.W.E GetUm!
all that aside, how is everyone doing?
Overseas, in Iraq...got nothing better to do.
'We're in the middle of the greatest assault on abortion since Roe v.
Wade.
That's not hyperbole'
I could get lots of witnesses for myself RT : love MD Sen Currie's defense 'I AM AN IDIOT.
Many character witnesses attesting
Greg wants collaborative, autonomous learners.
We can't expect learners to know strategies for learning this way: we have to teach them.
It's just a baby...
Go for 217...
And I live in Massachusetts!
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up.
Jesse Jackson
I swear the time goes by faster when ur on lunch break .
I like rainy weather but I like how in summer you can sleep in...so.
Two more weeks and its back to school...
I could use some company.
ugh theres not even a word to describe how annoyed i am rite now ...
good morning.
get it done this week, your friday will thank you.
Why does or school always smell so bad?
Oh wait I know...
It's cuz we go to PHS
Someone come doctornk with me...please and thanks!
Berryfans!
Fenway will only have Cranberry for the rest of today!
Come get your Froyo fill!
going back to sleep
Good point.
RT : How does it affect your hotness that you're getting White Castle on a weekday before 10:30am?
I here High Life is worth a taste.
My wishes are coming but slowly the best thing happened yesterday just got a new job : wow
Oh it is a great sign indeed...although I wonder how many students ACTUALLY do it?
I love God with all my hearth i love feeling his prencence
Atreus in on now!
Next up: Road of Refugees followed by Stealing Aphrodite and then Calevodium!
is running for state assembly, something you may be interested in.
its good stuff!
hope all is well is beautiful paris!
:
Not content with daylight robbery the print cartridge manufacturers have resorted to stealth to further plunder our meagre resources
you do the same!
will be bringing specially chosen jambalaya friendly wines.
I thought I was being all nautical; but we seem to have a NW wind.
den holla bk so i can get dat boredsome out of u
I didn't know about it.
You guys will have to keep me in the loop on these things.
did you get my tweet
Catching up on about 10 weeks of The Economist.
Thankful for spring break this week.
Failed my biology exam Was asked 2 name 2 things commonly found in cells.
apparently latinos n blacks isn't the right answer
111583 Rocky Johnson and Tony Atlas become the first black WWF tag team champs by beating the Samoans.
Brett Favre's last throw in '08 playoff game was INT...
Same as Rodgers this year.
The best way to begin the week is an early start and a hot cup of coffee  stop by our website this AM and take a look at our products!
Oh okay!
And hahaha thank you I am huh :
Newt says he'll beat BO in debates.
But whining about the media doesn't work in the gen and this has always been his trump card
Welcome, Grace!
Awesome!
Thanks for the invite, !
Trina will def need more people to make me take this seriously.high fashion you are not , my beloved...
shoot us an email at ussimplymeasuredcom and we'll help you out!
that's wassup
Do you have to watch troll hunter 1 before you watch troll hunter 2
How did the Elmo cake turn out?
lol.
Very graceful!
I will never get to sleep tonight .
Fun Fact: Ellen Lee DeGeneres's name has only one vowel: E, and it comprises 47 of her name.
Wow!
H/T
Cats will be the hardest zombies to kill, with their 9 lives and all.
Hey brown eyed girl How are you?
and Auzzmeister doing?
These basketball games tonight gone be cracking i caint wait!!!
a little bit of this and a little bit of that...
badaBingbadaBoom.
Time for a blue doctornk we
Volunteering at a Nashville homeless shelter w/the three kiddos, then back home to begin the garden prep.
The Thunder will play the winner of the Nuggets/Lakers Monday at 8:30pm.
Gear up Thunder fans.
sunday sunday
Gotta text that said you straight we aint gotta talk or text lol lol tragic but i guess he with her but i aint mad he cant start a FAMIL ...
: Lets create JOBS  revenue via online poker licensing!
Please back adding this to the transportation bill.
Thanks!
If you saw the show this weekend, what was your favorite part?
Bieber fever Gary style.
Awww that's not very fun!
:
Thanks for the Super Stretch app review.
Plan to pass it along to my colleage who does a lot of yoga in fluency tx!
A baby is born with a need to be loved  and never outgrows it.
Frank A.
Clark
Ah George Foreman grill, what would a bachelor like myself do without you!?
Bacon cheeseburgers are in my near future, who wants one?
Thanks Cameron!
We appreciate it!
James Watson: Our parents didn't know that their actions could harm future generations.
We will only be able to pretend we didn't know
Pagemodo is also a good place for facebook tabs
yah, I posted a new track in the STYLSS Community group on FB you can use if you'd like.
that sounds like a blast!
Happy hacking!
I think it is easier to unsee something than to unsmell it.
Steve Stricker's streak of 49 straight cuts made and John Axford's streak of 49 straight saves converted come to an end on the same day!
If only there were such things as Perfect Relationships
Sometimes people are beautiful.
Not in looks.
Not in what they say.
Just in what they are.
Example
the revenge promo gave me chills
we are a band who's goal is to create music that can be used for personal, sexual, selfish, experimental, or whatever reasons you see fit.
thank you so much for the tweet!
It means a lot.
Keep doing your thing okay?
never give up!!
xo
oh my gosh, good luck!
Its a gr8 weekend to be a mover and shaker!
go get em in Cali..celeb8toss it up!!
let the camera's roll..Nuthinbutluv2uall!
The Whole Nine Yards  everything, all of it
and when it is all said and done, you will eat that last slice of avocado.
Its great to see old friends, such as Olivier and his wife Oria
What a champ.
Is this going to be recorded?
So bored today like..
it's the mutual admiration society.
middlemen dealmakers and connectors would cease to exist without it.
lol silly rabbit you can't win
and a good morning to you
Good morning all!
Slow moving morning so far.
Need to get my workout done and laundoctor started.
there is one a block from my house.
I should try this.
You're invited to the tipoff party on Sunday before the game!
The party begins at five o' clock and goes until tip off!
GO GRIZZ!
Go Cats!
Beat Florida!!
Twitter sucks when you,re actually doing stuff and u can't find yourh friends.
blackcat forget u eric!
Hubby declined ticket to today's Brewer game  is trying to score points for it.
Of course he went to 2 Brewer games already this week.
Yummy spinach wrap for lunch!
Take a quick peek at www.clipitz.com during your lunch break, and check out our super cute feather earrings!!
Packing a suitcase and getting ready to go home!
YAY
photography www.pbase.com/issyr issyr photography Denver, CO
The lights are just happy you are going to buy guacamole.
Let me unfollow her ass then!
I figured that out haha.
And K I dis
Yes I am.
What times are you free?
RT : Were 20 signatures away from 7,000 people standing up for an Autism friendly talk show day.
The Ellen DeGeneres......
I have found that watching my appointment book fill up is actually extremely exciting
cant be dealin with nonsense, got way to much goin for me.
gotta be positive.
i hope the pic of me getting cake.smashed in the face will be staying off my twitta fed :
Also, 400 invite codes sent so far this week.
truckin'
Not a single megamillions winner in California; CNN says 29 tickets in state matched 5 of 6.
Odds were 1 in 176 mil.
when is your west coast arrival date?
I need to let Nate N Al's know to get our booth ready.
At long last, we join the rest of the developed world, health care passes 219212!
Sen.
Edward Kennedy is smiling today.
I might be flying from MISSOURI, for my vacation this summer.
OMGG.
Why is the market so bad?
I can't sell my beautiful condominium for the life of me.
Anyone interested in buying a luxury condo?
haha
i feel u.
I'm probably one of the worst offenders!
is planning an It Gets Better photo shoot!
that was me a few hours ago.
Except it was CNN.
My life is full of excitement.
Thanks, Dan!
TB OF Evan Longoria has a hamstring issue which could keep him out for 68 weeks.
Hi!
I'm a fan of but I hope he'll play Pittsburgh soon :
Letting go doesnt mean giving up ...
it means accepting that some things werent meant to be
Did you check because i did jsut a few minutes ago!?
So mad about the new rules for USASF .
Christ has risen, the Chile Relleno lent binge is over.
I had a plan.
Im reaching all types of bumps in my road to success.
Just as long as get to where I want to be
Too many rappers!!
Not enough lyricst...you choose
Fourth quarter, lets make some noise.
FRESh FRESh FRS
My dad doesn't understand that school comes before me going out to buy him food.
areyouserious.
Hey Cindy!
Have you tried beforewould love your expert feedback!
Girlband gig at Paragon  Bangkok Post
srsly envying all the book love you are getting right now.
Thanks for the title tweets.
Yayayayaya!!!!
Another fabulous win for GoSuns!
I hat when people tweet what they're doing every second of the day...
Like, I don't need to know how long ur poop was...
Good to know they're carpooling.
RT : Indy delegation returning from St Louis with ideas for transit in Indiana.
Need to compare your company's privacy policy with cloud vendor's T  C 's to avoid FTC issues.
I bow to this statement.
:
I b always ready to knock a bytch out
I should mention he's 6....not like 15 or something lol
Get out your cowboy hats, dancing shoesNashville recording artist Shane Bryant will be playing 2nite starting at 9pm 5 Limited martini's!
Can I get a RT from my favorite athlete!?
Ill be the happiest person in the world!
What a beautiful day today in Nashville!
I love it!
Sun shinning, feels like spring :
Ooh!
Thanks for sharing?
I'll post mine in a sec, and I'd love to see other people's newsletters.
I'm at agility today.
What happened, what happened?
Was today the finale?
we close at 9pm.
sorry no graveyard option : rt : how late do u deliver tonight?
I have to work midnight8am!

I just came up wit it lol
yeah well my twitter is oops OP
pharmaforum 61 of adults look online for health information.
Online  missed you guys so much
stuffmykidsays Would you rather lose a race to a hawk or a squirrel?
RT : I'm not understanding these backstage skits.
Guess we know who the real 'Wolverine' is...Adamantium plated bones and all.
I'm thinking Cleveland too, although I always hope for a repeat of the maliceatthepalace when we play Indy.
Speaking of which, looking forward to returning to one of our favorite little historic cities tomorrow night at a new location!
So even though doctorver played more on 1st down then 3rd, he played more than you would expect on 3rd, and less on 1st
I live in the Central time, but my brain's clock is keyed to New Zealand time.
4PM...
time to start work!
LUV the Whole Enchilada Restaurant California Coast
December 21st 2012!
The anniversary of the death of the last Mayan calender maker!
come watch the lake show tonight at hooters...
I'll be there:
its all I got with UK so I had to.
This dumbass phone won't let me change my pics cuz it says they all too big
Was art director at Sony Playstation in San Diego before acting.
Used to play, not so much now.
Love the professorle pic.
: x
ann he's back on the booze train.
I don't know how you do it.
I was watching american idol and someone sang Love the way you Lie and I was thinking of you the whole time!!!
: love u
We planned but it didn't work, unexpected night!
Mick Jagger is Hot  always wilb!!
that makes me happy to hear  I twas nervous because I made so many changes
No matter the results, thanks for the better percentages, Dusty.
I got the Doom Rap
What do you call a puerto rican with no arms?
Trustworthy.
Thanks!
We love what you do, too!
Hope you can make it this Friday for some at
OMG watch KCA it is so fun victorious won yays just wat i always wanted!
Did you know that Rotary is the world's largest service organization?
good you'll need it to keep up..
Im trying to get this job thats mf if I get it I can come up any weekend
You truly blessed us last night in Oakland!
One of THE best performances I've attended PERIOD.
Much respect and luv!!
I Thinks It's The Other Way Around Tho .
.
.
Thank you!
Glad you still have your blog so I can get my fill!
Feel those blessings deep down in your belly today.
You create your world.
Make it a gratitude filled one from this day forward.
I do NOT want anything to do with him anymore..
Sup brothe how?
So grateful for the times and breaths when I realize that I'm okay and that life is still beautiful
so cute shud I change mine to that or a different one?
We all do!
RT I have a crush on the singer of
Research and Markets: Wesfarmers Limited: Company professorle and SWOT Analysis
Can use placeholder text in forms in HTML5.
Cool.
when you just need a wax
I'm following everybody who follows !
Hurry!
Only 4 days left!
Go follow!
Pretty please!
3 :
just gotta say visited another women's biz empowerment website  last blog was in 2010, events list is 3 months out of date
Kind of useless information but you never know...Brussels sprouts...note: it's not Brussel sprouts.
I mean for lol didn't put the R and it autocorrected it to to lol
it starts at 7:30 and ugh i hate it when u ask that question!!!
And its fine
a treat, yes  are you sure you wouldn't prefer some tasty biscuits, though?
: Yes!
or geeksourcing Don't think crowdsourcing, think nerdsourcing  small  enthusiasts webwise OR OCDsourcing!
Seriously?
Women are so vain to buy this meaningfulbeauty bullshit?
Hey guys send me 100;I'll teach you to stick your dick in a Mellon...
Social Media is time consuming but not for Your Thoughts, LLC!
Allow us to manage your account for you!
We protect and grow your brand!
Congratulations 2012 grads!
May the odds be ever in your favor.
Sell more beer!
: provides tools, services and hope for childoctorn and adults with disabilities to live independent lives!
Belated THANK YOU'S for the retweets!
Thank you!!!
:
After months of really bad airfares, Airtran pops up with 1day sale AFTER I've booked my flights to ATL.
Ugh.
Jump on MKEDEN 49 each way!
I hope all works out for you.
There is peace in the eye of the storm, and always sunshine after the rain.
The rain and storm
IAlwaysWonderIf you feel the same about me as i feel about you.
Sitting in the doctors office waiting to get my hand xrayed and taped up again.
: Tweethearts!
I need some new music to get me going this morning.
Any suggestions?
Phil collins oh wait unbelievable
Another bad day for the 24!!...
Not good!
One hour to explain a 20 page SEO audit report to a nontechnical audience was no easy task.
Went better then I thought.
Today is National Kids  Pets Day!
How do you plan to celebrate?
Try this awesome Guacamole, Roasted Corn with Black Beans.
We're also featuring Raspberry Margaritas all day for 6
It is definitely flip flop weather out there!
Stop by 24K and check out our adorable, glam Lori Jack swarovski crystal sandals!
Good Morning, stop in today for Thankful Thursdays!
Donate for one edible, and receive another of equal or lesser value for free.
:
Going into 4 straight wks in the studio!..
I think I'm beginning to see the light at the end of the tunnel.
1Love
Rob G going real mellow good music 97.9 The Box always
To do and having love for ur mom is different then acting like ur married to the woman u take mammas boy to a whole new level
on my iPad, the app decides to stop working every month or so.
maybe if I stop cursing at it it'll be nicer to me ;
Hello : long time no talk with you, just friend no more, don't be afraid with me, Jina.
.
.
.
you guys are going to do a nother album...
Trying to watch NHL hockey but honestly cannot see the puck 80 of the time...
well that's his name
Fair warning to any of my followers: I will be attending mlanet12 May 1923 expect mass tweeting about medical libraries
Good night all you wonderful people !
3
Hahaha.
;  it still is biitttch, but I get it back on when my grades improve like wtf but I'll text u off my stupid iPod lol
Since when did being whipped become a bad thing?
aight yea i will.
check out my music tho!
www.reverbnation.com/gstatus
TWO DAYS IN A ROW I had friends come over for coffee.
I feel like a PIMP.
A FRIENDLY PIMP
SDSU Aztecs Basketball going to another level.
USA Today ranks them early at 10...playing UCLA in Wooden Classic  Syracuse on Midway.
See you at Carly's Bistro tonight!!!
10:00PM Phoenix, Arizona
Thanks for making me laugh, too!
just honest, you.
Two boards done for my sisters Graduation...One to go!
:D lol
oh that's cute.
69 Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 352 3275 TampaClearwater Call NOW
I have to go back in to work though, still have some to finish :
amazing pork buns today!
With sweet
come to Canada and we'll make it happen
this is truly a small world didn't know him and jack were the best of friends
I used to think that runners were crazy.
Now I think I was crazy for never running.
Last minute mothers day presents....
Walmart time...
I respect any place that will give you free matches
For 2012 I'm eatin pizza all day ehheee day
I'm in a fish and chip shop that sells earrings.
Awww What Is It?
If You Want You Can DM It To Me...
Please?
So a British Britton?
Innnnntersting.
Ungrateful bastard.
How about that one folks?!?!
There was no sneaking involved lol!
Honestly I wouldn't be the same with out you because I'm in love with you 3
Today will be the death of me.
So true.
I'm sensing something good happened to you.
Hey girl, it's Dolores!
What's up?

thanks for the follow!
Damn I was almost late
oh im soo cold.
:/
OMG i just got the cutest matching Jacket and purse!
Holla, its maroon in an Asian cut and pattern , its beautiful
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 474 9988 69  Divorce.
TampaClearwater
If we're in Nashville this summer, could we run into you?
I'm not saying you are lying, I'm just saying I don't believe you.
and are battling right now in the OSC11.
leads 3631.
1:14 left before half
Tango class was so much fun!
Just checking my twitter.
Aww....Thank you for the response earlier.
S/O to my beautiful followers
hahah i'm sure you did
oh plzzzz!
Don't be so hard on ur self
Ha.
Not quite.
But you never know what they'll say next.
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.
George S.
Patton
hahhaha damn that's light wish my car weighed that much

some of our fights
20 mass ave right in front of the Suntrust Bank
Gonna go bowling and guess what i kinda suck!!
I just throw it and somehow it a strike haha gameface 
i hate watchin the NBA
And Special Judges Awards go to
Who is this dude putting the flag around blago?
Did he just call him Senator?
Hey Childoctorn's Book Press fans!
We're moving over to so follow us there for more updates about your favorite CBP books  authors!
It's gonna be super weird being the oldest in the school next year!
Like Top 5 Cutest Boys: Top 5 Prettiest Girls: Top 5 I Would Cuff: 30 Likes to start
VACATION ALMOST OVER POOL PARTY TOMORROW SLEEP SUNDAY BACK TO THE GRIND MONDAY :
You said I'm just a kid, my ego is big.
I don't give a shit.
RT this tweet for a chance to win a 25 gift card to a broad ripple bar of your choice
RT : If you make a girl laugh, she likes you, but if you make her cry, she loves you.
Shouldn't been puttin his hand on her she finally left that ass
i was wondering the same thing hahaha
k, Do it soon cuz can take a while.
I have a friend with a beach house down there, too.
carne asada!
Get in!!!!
Great finish.
Red bull was a bad choice.
Tonight was amazing.
All I really need are two notes and a beat!
Have to take the ACTs tomorrow.
..
Fuck that new Facebook layout I can't even be bothered by fb today bcuz that shit is too annoying
Delta keeps sending my emails with Join eMiles in the subject line and I think it's an email from every time.
Well thank you!
RT : At the keynote addoctorss for Xactly compcloud.
A lot of great product innovation in the horizon!
I'm halfway through February Article Writing Month, the reason I'm not doing the fun FAWM.
7 down, 7 to go.
Thanks man :
They out here with nothing on where's the parents at
I don't think so!
What's the occasion?
RT : Las Vegas Blvd is closed northbound from Spring Mtn near Fashion Show Mall.
Fashion Show doctorshutdown due to sulphuric acid spill
Irate man who called Variety 2day: I need a fuck'n job!
Give me a job bitch!
Me: Sir, I like your chutzpah!
When can u start!
may you follow me plz?
Goo luck !
Hopefully we will be accepting the award from you!
Will find out in a few minutes.
Helping launch VA statewide launch of Women for Obama.
Over 600 energetic and motivated women ready to keep Barack Obama as President!
It's nature's water  if nature added cucumber to its water.
RT : Cucumberflavored water,,,, It's nature's water.
Is that a real question?
lol Yeah, I reserve my actual business for my actual friends.
Social networking is for fun.
you make our job easy!
I can't stop telling folks about LibraryYOU!
sw
Today is Focus Friday for me.
How about you?
yeah but what if u go to college or somewehre later that requires a high school degree with 4 years or english, math, and science.
I want to say it was maybe 1012 years ago.
Right?
Great job having each others back!!!
Big road trip upcoming!!
Well doctorve it crazier.
LOL
It's called ViSalus  are you interested?
Its really good.
Tons of different recipes.
Our earlybird pricing may be over, but tickets are still cheap and available!
Shout out the my nigga doing his thing...
Wuddup bro
I want a 70FO shirt.
Where are people getting these?
GT Events always needs great staff nationwide!
www.gtevents.com, click Talent SignUp to join the team!
finished it last night and cried like a wee one on the couch.
Ah ma zing book club YES
Hey!
Dummy in the green SUV.
Stop for the red light and allow the runner in the crosswalk to live.
Otherwise a great 7 mile run at 5k pace.
hard to believe it's been that many years!
I was there for the first opening day!
Looks like im doin a set at the Beauty Bar tonight...
WHOOP!
S/o !!
Officially Bored.
One day we will say to the young, I remember when Pluto was a planet, back when floppy disk  encyclopedias were still used!
Jeff's my favorite too RT : jeff you're my favorite Wanderflier.
don't tell the others RT :
This Bitch That Hoe!.
victorylane : Finally able to finish lettering the car tonight.
Ready to see the 2012 design on the track!
AskMindless can u give a shout out to my bestow teyera her BIRTHDAY April 6
See, it bsclly plans itself.
I'm thinking rather than a 3 day tour de heart attack, though, to pick two and make it 1 day.
Kill that spider yet?
cant wait to get my car!
im gonna be gettin in at like 740 pm on sat.
i have 2 ppl that might be able to pick me up but if theyre both playin could u?
EEK.
You'll have to excuse my ugly outfit andj obnoxious bowling skills.
7 months fly by soo fast when you find the one.
love tweet
Working on Hot Eats edition of Neighborhoods, featuring firefighters and their dishes.
It will be in your Thanksgiving CourierJournal.
From the Louisiana Bus, Scoringo, inthemoment sports information allowing users to play games about games.
Daylight savings time gave me jetlag
you right
we have options.
Jamn 94,5 summer jam is on June 2nd, with , but with other people who aren't good...
I hope Gary Oldman
These fools think they are gonna sleep in.
No chance, I'm hungry now.
I'm gonna fart next to the bed till they get their asses up.
always trust the space you inhabit.
Nobody enters it until you give permission!
Attn.
Gathering Cooks: looking for a few cooks to fill in on Sat.
11/5 at the South Side site.
Please send a message if you can help.
I'm soo hungry :
Hey, we just had an earthquake
follow back.
Confused..?
I'm standing on the corner of I don't have a clue and WTF!
Madonna Notches 42nd No.
1 on Dance/Club Play Songs  Billboard
It's only Wednesday, but unfortunately my productivity has already reached Friday levels.
What is the Kanye West collection looking like?
MY SHIT BANG TUNE MY MUSIC UP
Thanks fam.
What's new with you?
I'm just thinking out loud
you're so funny!
haha I love all your videos.
Follow me on keek, please: elizabethcb
Feet sore from my platform heels.
I remember when a 3inch heel was highand now, those are my everyday shoes.
Odd problem.I get notifications via cell that some of my posts have been retweeted,but cant find WHO retweeted,so I can say thx.Suggestions?
Happy happy birthday to !
maybe a few..
Haha
idk.....I just tweet whateves I want:
Ha!
I've been waiting for this Tweet.
Felix is quite a character!
I was so excited to meet someone who knew you IRL.
:
aw.
Well we will b happy to c u whn u do!
Come on by to Two Rivers Corporate Center today from 11:301:30 where we will be serving the best country cookin in Nashville.God Bless all!
Thanks for retweets.
May you  family manifest lives of Heaven on Earth  Perfect HealthProtectionProsperityLove/Happiness.
It is not enough to know how to ride you must also know how to fall.
Mexican Proverb
107 to 113 all week.
It's June in Phoenix, so no surprise.
you said you'd be here, came back again.
Where are you?
did you make your debut or you can't sleep in?
Go get 'em in Dallas!
Stop by for live demos of our brand new 4810 Squeegee  Floodbar Washer!!
Finally my garage / studio is getting a new ceiling wall and door this weekend!
I know!
Next year will be some exciting times
dont give up on the mariachis.
I know is saying No but we both know she really wants them.
the show was amazing my fav parts are when thos kids do the trick
Damn!
He knows a shortcut so I go home last DAMN IT
everyone just hates me
np King of AnythingSara Bareilles
Talking about saving energy in science class,then you go home and are on the computer w.
the t.v on,while on the phone..gogreen lol
Enter code BERYL at checkout to benefit Beryl Heights Elementary fundoctoriser!
play beautiful mistake :
Sell your throw up, I bet people will buy it for big bucks.
Active Child perfect if you love 80s music, harp, opera, and RB
What does your conscience say?
You should become the person you are.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
Who keeps talking about it ?
RT : who makes a song about what they dont like tho?
thats that shit I dont like
PartofYourBodyThatNeverStopsGrowing insert dick joke here
Emily loves getting her shoes taken away 
got my Prom doctorss today : ...
well for my Social
Gestamp N.A.
to reopen W.Va.
plant, supply Honda and Ford, report says Supplier Gestamp North America plans to invest at least 100 milli
New on tap today is the Just Outstanding IPA.
Strong  hoppy.
You will love this
If you happy and you know it say amen
there you go!!
Congratulations!
I followed you also on my other account.
: Xx
its the so what u want to talk about
I recently discovered my motherinlaw doesn't like bacon.
I'm glad I rescued my wife from that abusive household.
your job must be awesome!!!!
That's a first.
Please suit up if needed.
Aww hell.
Now I gotta watch ALL the Rocky movies.
Hell.
40DAYS until the concert omg I'm so excited
Grand Canyon, AZ  the North Rim of Grand Canyon National Park will open for the 2012 summer season on May 15th!
Horay
Plz follow the upcoming she supports all of her followers and she follows back .
2 follows for one BK.
Justin's new photoshoots are real sex ;
Better than sports books!!!
www.
BestSportsBettingSecrets.com Try it out!
Good luck!
My office hours are Monday  Sunday, 12:00 a.m.
11:59 p.m.
it is the original mixed martial arts: weapons, free forms, acrobatics, joint locks, throws, pressure points, everything martial art
RT : thank you so much for having me as a team leader!
I loved helping: teen hoot was amazing!3
Moon a little too bright now, harder to see Perseid meteors 1/min.
No mosquitos, just owls out, very still.
Listening to Gorecki in dark.
Happy SPRING!!
Stop by and help us celebrate spring equinox with IswasWillbe's trunk show.
Giveaways, snacks, and doctornks!!
3 3
Warning: Geek comment.
We're redesigning our blog.
This HTML5 stuff is pretty amazing!
yes maam :D
Old rock songs in the morning.
So glad I went with this salad instead of a burger
And Paul McCartney closes the live 30 Rock in SNL style?
Iheartthisepisode
Holy cow: Wildcat Cory is in a CN2 commercial.
Lol!
one at a time, friend.
one at a time.
Love your videos, keep up the good work John.
Check out our blog, we'd love to hear what you think.
Thanks!
I feel so official!
Suddenly day job has lost its luster.
Now I can be Katie, the author instead
no MAN should ever except the excuse/reason, i don't remember what happened last night.
WOW.
Lumisands has a high tech, inexpensive filter to turn harsh LED into full spectrum light.
Swallow back on these nuts!!
none, cloud care could definitely help!
TONIGHT: Thundering mix of dubstep  wicked electronic dance by Dutch DJ Dave Huismans as part of DC's Forward Festival....
All right.
That was fun.
I love a good game of I WIN
Tweety is a complete moron.
It is hurting Obama politically because he spends evenings with his family.
SERIOUSLY?
SERIOUSLY?
I love me please follow me!
THINK I'M THE FATHER OF THE YR IF NOT I'M THE RUNNER UP
Did you hear about the man who ran through a screen door?
He strained himself!
Ba da ch.
me it hurt and now to think back I really dont now how
I wish we could go back to the weekend and doctornk Watermelon Vodka together again.
: I miss you.
Proposition 8 was ruled unconstitutional!!
So happy to see things moving forward in the fight for equal rights
Silly Huff article re: PolitiFact.
Politifact shouldnt call dubious Pres statement dubious b/c SOTU is full of dubious statements
I'm glad you got the reference :
Ugh why can't my mom be a sleazy suburban doctorg dealer mom like Nancy Botwin?
it doesn't want to load ;'l lol what is it?
Enjoy your youth.
You'll never be younger than you are at this very moment.
Ice on my eye
thanks!
: spread the word about it!
Sitting next to a guy from NY.
His neighbor is the rapper Fabulous.
He is showing me pictures of him at his pool.
thank you!
Midlakes Basketball: So many people do so much to help our program year round.
Thank you!
amazing..
Spring break started here ;
talking to your self is fine but answering?
Idk you might wanna get some help;P
It's remarkable how much hatred I have towards infographics
girl you disappeared Sunday morning!
Lol come back to my house son
Hey!
follow back
What are you in Sparticus boot camp
I think that's the first time I've ever sharpened a pencil at work.
I just don't use'em much.
In this article, we will present you with several ideas to get your online business up and running without spending your own money to do so
We get our keys to our new place tomorrow and we get to move in!
So excited!:
you never talk to me.
So nigga Stfu.
less friends less bullshit
I wish u wouldn't stop following me, I would miss that Beautiful smile.
Be happy, u deserve it'
Hey guys, follow me so I can check this shit at Mayhem 3
First show should doctorp MidAugust !
Long day.
I am beat.
Day light saving time its hard on a person!
Good night.
Sweet doctorams.
Clap Clap Lights off.
you and I know better than to settle.
It's just not who we are.
To be mediocre would be to slap one another in the face.
I just want it to be summer all ready !
It would be nice to bring back knuble but he's done.
Look how many times caps made him a healthy scratch.
I thought it was gonna be on the 17th which is today.
Haha that's awesome!!
It's one of those things you either love or hate!
:
Yep, I do feel grateful.
Challenged but grateful.
God works in funny ways.
Lucky girl!
Which restaurant are you going to make a reservation at?
Thank you for bringing AHA to the rest of us!
Nothing better then oatmeal and before workout!
shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin!
Follow her tell me and i give you a shoutout U
Ceremony are playing Chain Reaction tomorrow!
This movie is boring
thanks, love!
It was very nice.
interesting.
Noticed you're in Bmore  you should check out the edu panel at Digital Harbor High on Wed up there!
FYI
I do...it's just attached to this little Latin boy named Juan and he won't give it back!
ummh I don't know how too, I haven't even deleted mine
Did you know a Monitronics monitored security system could save you 20 off your homeowners insurance?
Ask your agent if you qualify.
frick park market naturally.
he played another song he doctorpped like 5 mins before he went on.
i dont remember what it was
RT 2 more days til Cubs springtraining starts!!!
Who's ready?
We all are.
Just passed a doctornk man stumbling down the street gripping several palm fronds for life.
A block later, I passed the palm tree he accosted.
I could have passed, but it would have been to my 10yearold niece, who was especially shy about it,so I didn't.
thanks for the add!
I cant wait to learn from you.
Yep the young people love it!!
Great opportunity for them
It is more difficult to contend with oneself than with the world.
Kurdish Proverb
court date getting closer n freaking out about testifying some doctornk guy nearly killed me and im afraid i'll get choked up on the stand :
ABC pilot audition tomorrow!
weak shift...the day before Easter!!
That awkward moment when the world didn't end
Not only did BSU get beat but I can't get rid of James Taylor's Shower the People from my head
So, you are not very optimistic?
k np thanks for getting back to us.
By comparison, the people in Echo Park up my bro quotient considerably.
The first closed circuit automobile race held at Narragansett Park, Rhode Island, in September 1896.
You inspire me soo much, thank you for everything you do.3 3
It's Thursday afternoon and none of my professorssors have activated Blackboard?
It may seem trivial but organized professor are the best professor.
you know what i just realized, you were the first person i ever talked to on here!
If people think I'm graphic and speak my mind too much, you should hear what I don't say.
Happy Birthday girl!!!!!
Thanks, G!
Ya sweetheart!
Have an awesome weekend
7 More Days Until My Birthday!
:
Lin and Novak are the discount double threat!
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
Back to the LBK in the morning.
See y'all at chapter!
that's a great comeback.
You could also work in other makes of tractors and see if they get it.
one more test!
one more test!
Awesome!
I love ziplining.
My family did it in Costa Rica!
Fabulous experience!
even more cool that Mickelson executed the shot to perfection!
This just in, late night votes don't hide anything...
true true :
And that wasn't unnecessary roughness??
Haha, don't worry its supposed to be like 67 on friday.
If that's comforting at all
Boo, I have to stop watching The Parent Trap and go pick up from work.
JK, love ya.
:
We are not up yet!
are you?
; Have some breakfast and then come back and build your portfolio on www.shastic.com
musiclib11: At the Music Library Assn Mtg in Philly?
Stop by Alexander Street booth  36 for QR code to free playlist and enter doctorwing!
I hope this get together goes nice and smooth.
Please no doctorma today!
I got enough on my mind smh
Some old guy in the caf at Barnes  Noble just doctorw me and he left before I could ask to see it.
THE MYSTERY IS KILLING ME.
RIP.
What car/truck are you getting next?
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing mothers!!!
I need to stop watching intervention so late at night...
this is truly the stuff nightmares are made of
: wow thats not good man, hope its not something major.
LB business owners  we'll b doctorpping off boxes 4 the LB Community Food doctorve today.
If u would like us to doctorp off a box please let us know
hey , RT And share the savings!
Qponomics EXCLUSIVE: Save 40 at The Limited this weekend only!
Search brands for The Limited.
mhm  i don't mind it all mixed into one; its YOU i follow, regardless of what's on your mind.
That was a pretty doctormatic showdown w/ Councilman Carl Stoke not budging on bottle tax.
The Lakers played great team ball, solid defense ,, 30 pts again from Kobe, let's go
hello my name is Dain :.
Come in for our holiday specials  70 for an hour of Reflexology or Reiki.
Also, gift certificates available all season long.Happy Holidays
Enjoyed losing my voice last night.
Well worth it for the Packers and the way they played!
ARodge is the best right about now....
Decision to not go to 1:00 class just got a lot easier now that I realized Wisconsin plays at 1:15
hm.....so I think that I'll be a Music Composition major when i come back to ISU...........sounds like a plan to me
What are you doing up this early?
WHAT IS WRONG WITH THE WORLD, DAMNIT?
Misery really does love company...
BUT YA AIN'T GETTIN IT FROM ME, HONEY
Gooooaaaalllllll!!!!!!
Thank you Sergio!
really nice!!:
Just saw a fish Co.
Van in Albuquerque.
Wtf?
When did they come to town?
haha!
Fucking right you guys do also..I heard your nemesis Corn man just moved here any chance 4 an epic battle when u arrive?
Isn't that name a swear word here in Atlanta?
It's time to align our life to the life of Christ.
Jesus came as an example of how we are to live including operating in miracles!
wow, that is a lot of tanooki
Great!
Thanks Steph.
Who?
Robbie Rivera is coming to Club Cinema This Friday May 4th.
Hit me up for Dance or Die discounted tickets 9546545605
and i will let you choke on the noose around your neck.
Such a great song;
I tweeted to 30 times today all being about different things.
Unreal
lol you guys are awesome
Just relaxing today.
5 more days of school left.
Loiter squad is stupid.
Jackass was better..
...In fact, quite the opposite is true.
It is illogical to believe that after fighting a revolution, in part to escape religious tyranny...
Shoutout to my bro !!
go check his shit out!
promise you wont regret it!
nice story, keep up the good work
The world can now rest easy that I've made my political statement on Twitter.
We did good, important work here.
I am a genius.
We will be at the hillcrest hoe down today in san Diego
I would look at target/walmart and if not there try burtsbees.com :
I'm a poet and I don't even know it because my feet are long fellows.
PS  You're welcome!!
been listening to the get rich or die tryin album all morning.
Feel like murderin someone now
Go out on a limb...that's where all the fruit is!
If you want people to look nervous ask them to act natural
And there's an Anchor Brewery bar there too!
Get your copy of the East Oregonian today!
We are on the FRONT PAGE!
Hey gals, I haven't forgotten about Gabriel's b'day.
Tribute post coming later tonight :D
Flamenco at the Thirsty Bear SF Sun, November 28, 7pm
I am so burnt out from networking all day.
Well, it's bed time for me.
good night
Born to Bingo?!
In the market for Bingo supplies for a future event!
Got some, let us know!
I'm basically God
I'm avail to chat tmister afternoon, or Friday midmorning.
I'll DM my number.
Excited to help organize
I love MLB Audio.
In San Francisco at my company HQ, waiting to head to the airport for a red eye.
Able to listen to Hammy before I go.
RT : I'm homy.....
I bet 99 of you pervs misread that.
Unions, Advocacy Groups Call On ATT To Sever Ties With Lobbying Group
Sunday fun day in the books!!
Strawberry shortcake for the win!!
it's almost spring?
ready for a great just off the beach tan??
I fucking hate duke.
Jackson, is really sad because you aren't following him: super sad!!!!!!!
CEO Tony Hsieh doctorws a crowd.
He's here to addoctorss UNLV Young Entrepreneurs Group.
what does that even mean????
I hate you tech support people w/your magic way of making things work as soon as they're in your presence.
Lets Go Bruins!!!!!
Man I'm callin these niggerss
RT: : Get anewbeginning with and !
Sign up now!

You bubble ball text make jelly.
Make cry.
chris brown goes hard in his new song 3
you're better than that..new TFK cd came out yesterday!
SundayFootball Ladies Keep Your Mouth Close To Commercial Comes On , Give Your Man Some Head Every Commercial !
Gonna miss that stuff!
Oh, you got PlansForTheSummer ?
I bet they're so different and exciting than everyone else's plans!
When people run around and around in circles we say they are crazy.
When planets do it we say they are orbiting.
will do
Barrier: School's technology policy
Color me a romantic but I won't require seeing a 'dick pic' before we meet up.
I'm just going to assume you HAVE a penis.
Some team in the middle of the country I don't pay attention to, sorry
the images are taken from a tricycle that pedals along campus sidewalks and paths.
not just the image from the street.
Remember the movie trading places?
Hm
upcoming local artist Sho
believe its 28, will double check
I hope she enjoyed it!
UGH I WANT TO WATCH IT
Basically, from the viewpoint of real human value we are all the same
Yeay ...
go do something fun!
Lololololol so you mad ?
xD You're older than me...
You should act like it
When I was a child I could remember anything....
Whether it happened or not.
Mark Twain
is right.
Get yer Bucks seat for Nets game Sat.
nite for as little as 5.58.
playoffs?
Hw...I'm not to fond of you!
Check Tivity's newest followers and get active!
Detroit airport...next stop
maybe cuz i had to work!?
Feel like we've been squatting for the last week, happy to get our furniture tomorrow.
i've been shot in the head in 2 doctorams..
its like I die in the doctoram and revive...
weird stuff 
Finale already :
Hope your having fun at sxsw .
We miss you in Detroit!
is liking the weather in Paris!!
30 degrees today!!!
it was great seeing u all the other day!
I'm always tickled 2 meet ppl I've only met online
where should i go eat??
Asians do the weirdest things on their computers
We don't really need to hear from Bud after every game.
And my ten hour trip starts now
from I would slap you, but I don't wanna get slut on my hand!
Man my phone all fucked up
With all this rain, I want to be able to puddle jump!
Any ideas for where I can get rainboots at an awesome local store?
GoLocal!
Thanks!
We'd love to see you.
is building 1,500 Easter Baskets for the Hungry at State Fair Expo today!
Thank you Palermo's!!
oh hello
FINAL: Gophers 7872 Hello New York City
Another awesome day ruined.
Would love for you to read Dandelions Never DieYou would be the perfect Shelley!
I know right, how are you??
Lunch with :
Ryan Leslie Transition album was the shit throwback ...
slept on artist.
Thanks for your alwaysincisive writings!
not me!!
Fuck the Caps
can u post a pic of the new uniforms for all those frogs who aren't at the game?
Happy Birthday Lady!
Yesterday or today, I have you down for both!
Abrazos from
Be who God meant you to be and you will set the world on fire.
St.
Catherine of Siena
how many times do I have to tell u fuckin no for u to get it!
Let's tigers let's get some runs going here!!!
It feels like this year has been filled with way too many people dying way too young.
Surreal: grading essays re: American Revolution  following tweets re: cops teargassing
u kno mission blackingout is already in the plans for this weekend
My Nipples Are Hard A'f.
honestyhour I fall for guys to quick.
Sometimes they aren't much easier if it IS your native institution.
Your welcome :
clearly...frame that pic :p
Spacecrafts have nicknames, so why can't you?
If you went to space, what would you want your nickname to be when you landed back on Earth?
: Joining the Secret Service is the new Hiking the Appalachian Trail.
DANG!
All This Hate On ?
She's Gonna Be Trending By The Time You All Are Done With This!
I have some!
SherlockPBS now!
RT : Hounds of Baskerville on Sherlock right now!
So good!
Tune in.
I hate that Craig Brown just hash tagged Raise The Jolly Roger with RTJR on air.
I'm just mad I didn't think of it first.
When it seems like everyone around you is making progress  you're not, God is often molding you for what's to come!
Kobe !
Wtf was that :o
I feel like a shitty boyfriend....
ThingsYouDONTDoIn2012 Talk all this sh.t on twitter then be scared to hit in person .
Yea man...I don't tell people alot of the shit that has happened to me, mostly because I forget mydamnself.
lmao
My dog is resting by my feet!
Cannot ask for more.
I am blessed!
BATTLE OF THE EXES: Go Emily!!!
Cast away all negative thoughts and fears.
If your will is yoked to wisdom, you can achieve anything.
Paramahansa Yogananda
I meant to say y aren't u lol such I am dumbas lol sorry.
Haha
it was great having you and Whitney visit us.
TWLOHA rocks!
Celebrate National Dance week !
www.nationaldanceweek.org
Hughes looks good, if he can get some run support.
Solid.
And great job w context of redev's end.
Remarkable how fast City Hall's wheels turn when it wants to.
Agree  why social networks are so popluar RT so funny when people try their ABSOLUTE hardest to get attention
thank you
was thinkin bout 230 or so?
Christmas is the gentlest, loveliest festival of the revolving year  and yet, when it speaks, it's voice has STRONG authority...
wjc
You're in the asshole of the world captainin.
I'm game!
every time you make a pun, a ninja kills a kitten.
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 8.
When someone pokes me!
like in real life not facebook!
actually, i hate that too!
but yea and u'll see what happens
just moving to Seattle by itself bumped you up by 200 points.
What do you think of CaseyAnthony video diary?
Check out my reaction tonight on the Insider.
It may surprise you.
It's official, just booked my registration for NAB, viva Las Vegas!!
here we come.
Gotta get some rest for STAAR.
So happy for YEE3
Duncan: We know that if kids arent healthy then kids cant learn...This is an unprecedented investment in schoolbased health care.
hahaha....that's one celebrity I am content never seeing in real life....
everybody's working for the weekend.
so true this week.
First night of summer....so weird to say!
Very strange to have long weather delay at with chamberofcommerce weather outside
Pretty casual.
Speakers very laid back.
Interesting stuff being presented.
Just rolled out some minor updates to my website.
I should really redesign it sometime.
If you were at the show tonight what did you think of the new song we played?
Got enough beef for you?
;D
Join us Fri for a special Pick It To Win It handicap contests coming from Aqueduct, Belmont  Saratoga!
Trivia  hosting by Phil Lip!
it's Monday Superbowl Parties enjoyed You'll need lunch today Come on in!
Our 5.99 Special today is a Strip Steak!!!!
I had baby back ribs:
Dear Beer, You're always delicious.
But when you're in an icy, frosty glass, you're like an expensive hooker in thigh high boots.
Thank you.
Had tA wake him up earlier, just fA him2 say 'I love you too, bae.' BeenInLove wit him, feels good when he dont want2 hang upcheeseface.
Tomorrow the Wildcat is going for win number 252.
Stay tuned.
And the Slap Shot has a huge payday tomorrow as well.
missing someone?
St Paddy's day and I have it off!
Which means...
Work tomorrow!!
My hair apparently thinks it's officially summer...
doctorasabone :/
Jungle Tales will still be taking place Tuesday, May 8th as usual!
Thank you, Rachel!
RT : Welcome to Twitter!
I do an excellent Judge Judy impression for a white guy!
Wait, isnt that an OFFSPRING song???
Don't let GOP meanies teach U about women if they are not women.
Same if they're not black or a recent immigrant or Muslim.
They don't know.
Working with the criminally insane as prep for working in libraries, archives,  museums?
Intriguing.
ALWC Spring work day at 1:00PM today!
See ya there!
your tweets make my day.
There perfect.
And I can relate to some of them which is even better.
I can't wait for the day where I can build my own Smartphone.
The hottest meme out there, I Got Bronchitis, now has a song.
Hear it at 11:30a w/
RT  ShaeBae S/O to to my world
Okay that was the longest 10 count ever.
im just gonna start turning my phone off at night.
im so sleepy yo.
Happy Birthday, e e cummings!
He's so disgusting.
He literally offends me more than the entire cast of Jersey Shore.
Oh Lord.
Here we go again..
It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us.
Marianne Williamson
Cold and Flu season is here!
Did you know that massage therapy can help you boost your immunity?
now I got to handle abusive Jerrod
So would you come back in the middle of the night and tell me everything is going to be alright
I would have thrown in a what is wrong with you people?!
in there somewhere.
same.
I'm tired of watching them on tv.
haha ah come on dude..
Get new e book now remembering IMAM W.D.
MOHAMMED
saw someone say 'zayn malik makes smoking cute'  seriously though?
Millions of people die from smoking and also from passive smoking
get up off it 'Offutt'!!!
they're a bitch to put together though
Queen James is no MJ
going to sleep good cuhz da LAKERS won.
funna have a fantastic Mother's Day Tomorrow nd GAMETIME on Monday
Ryan Pickett
So funny how trends happen.
In the last few years, cupcakes have been all the rage.
Now all of a sudden, froyo is where it's at.
Next?
Well I hope he didn't tell you about them because Willie doesn't talk!
Paper published in Neurogastroenterology and Motility by Associate professorssor Adoctoran Miranda, MD, selected as mustread by Faculty of 1000
Excited for today!
I had no idea the U lost their last regular season game at home to BC...terrible!
Oral History Association presented on academic Oral History programs addoctorssing pressing issues with oral history in academia.
1  RT these tweets and let know your sick of daily harassment.
that was actually when i met her haha it was free!
Jesus is my Man.
one of my teachers gave me a zero on one of my papers just because he was too lazy to correct it.
now that grade
Can you let me know what happens when you go to Edit professorle then try to remove the incorrect Org I first added?
Thanks!
well ya kno somethin i FREAKING LOVE UR LAUGH BOO:
Friday....It's you...I thought you would never get here and yet ...here you are!
Lost a Friends Check
how are you dopeness!!
thank you!
At the beach?
Jeal.
Enjoy!
New classes!
Come and join us!
Wednesdays  9am Body Flex and Glide with Susie.
Tuesdays  10 am Stretch with Tina
: it sure does...an closed mouths dont get fed...
;
Waiting on line in DC for NEreg to Baltimore..
Amtrak tickt machines need major UI help; I picked up anothr guy's tickets w astonishing ease
via Griselle Marie Rosario Lafontaine THE COOLEST THING EVER...HAVE INTERNET IN THE AIRPLANE, YEAH!
evil snicker There's a man being strategic and helpful for the people's movement!
Elaborate designs for what turned out to be  15 seconds of music.
I'll cover for the mistake by saying that I'm planting seeds for later...
That's an extremely tough thing to judge from a distance.
idc about lebrons choking ass.
My question is why does one team have 24 ft n one have 5.
It's the playoffs.
Tom Brady spits a lot.
Experience is not what happens to you.
It is what you do with what happens to you.
Aldous Huxley
salute big homie!!!!
Hey, didn't know you were at !
On our way there now :
I was born and raised in kingsville : : Farewell family...Back 2 bizness!
Shows at Texas AM Corpus Christi and Kingsville
: i know yesssi really wanan take you to tiger lounge i think you'd love it x
Holy Cow!
my Skype was off all day!!!
When youre music is so loud the guy next to you has to roll the window up to talk on the phone :
that's depressing I would be all over that shit
My nephew just slapped me in the testicles.
Thanks, bro.
If anyone needs me, I'll be hunched over in the corner.
Thanks for sharing your expertise!
Ah, a little Kate Bush in the morning!
Thanks
Great work team!
We are dying to go to Islay  Jura  my husband is in love with Islay Scotch.
Will definitely make that trip someday soon!
when I traded in my old car there were hundoctords of Cheerios on the floor.
Didn't even try to clean it up.
...how about now?
RT : Is it happy hour yet??
what I need most in my life rn is a confirmation that Britney is actually gonna be an X Factor judge
id say he told him whatever he wanted to hear to try to get him here, thats the purpose of recruiting
yes, please send details to
bbn is all in!!
Happy Birthday !!
I will nvr be too good for instant ramen.
So good!
i think hologram tupac was better than real life tupac...
Ah my uterus skipped a beat, there's a gorgeous baby boy in the office today.
first time in my life I didn't get frisked at an airport today.
3
Jus out of curiousity have i lost my bestfriend the girl i could talk 2 about anything???
Shout out to the FB weather reporters.
Word
Superbowl weekend coming up!
Where will you be?
Fitch Publishes U.S.
Leveraged Finance Spotlight Series: Clear Channel Communications, Inc.
I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol like some thinkle peep I am
Lovin' this physical play in Kings vs Blues  game 2.
Wish all games were like this.
most likely
So many May1 events planned here, can only do 1 or 2.
I may not have a job, but still have to work.
;
New 3 class session starts this Saturday.
Will you be singing with us?
what i think about during day Morning: Glee and Brittana Afternoon: Glee, Heya Night: Glee, Brittana Wake up the next day and start all over
Now their crip calling...its time for me to go not now but right now
Agree!
RT : several years later, itunes is still horrible
Can't wait to meet and doctoramVillain ColeWorld UNCStandUp....Wait, I'm not meeting them SadDay ICandoctoramisterght?
Woke can't sleep grRrrrrRRrr fail
I seriously think this school is retarded
I can forgo the strip this time .
Definitely want to check out Braddock, though.
SNOW  With one scene left to shoot, we should be happy.
The scene involves a choir singing an original song...lots of preproduction.
Great chatting with you too!
Hope your future flights are not delayed as much!
Having a great time in SF.
Hope you enjoy your vaca
i Just need a banging tight ass beat
lol some bitch in my DM tryna hack my twitter , little do you know .
IM A HACKING QUEEN , bitch try me .
The crazy thing about it I been knew I had it
Hell yeah, no ambition at all.
Kentucky leads Louisville by 7pts at the half.
This is my life and I'm gonna decide who I wanna be.
You can judge me, but judge me for me, not what you see.
Yes, I can email it to you...I know of Mark Weiss!!!
Wow!
He took amazing photos of Van Halen, Ozzy etc!
Rock on!!!
Tillman's a solid contender I really hope he get's it.
Lot's of changes this offseason for our team.
Hope we're in NOLA in '13.
so fun hanging out with you tonight!!!
:
guys fucking Has a twitter!
Awk moment when something is on your mind and you cant say
And now goosebumps is on, so watch it on HUB!
Ok, where do we start?
Germany?
Slovakia?
Turkey?
Hater:Austin Mahone can't sing.
Me: YES HE CAN!Hater:Why are you shouting?!Me: BECAUSE YOU OBVIOUSLY HAVE A FUCKING HEARING PROBLEM!
Hopefully one day we can watch the sunset together.3
hahaha i knew it xD i know right but have to  dude i had a doctoram about you ;O
I'm hungry
I'm good I'm working w/hsh
RockSolid Floors  now provides more color options with their popular Polyurea Garage Coat products, the best value among their industry
People that ride bikes: Do I call you bicyclists?
Cyclists?
Bikers?
Ugh!
School tomorrow.
I don't wanna go!
:
you would love my new phone ring tone....
lmao it's true!
but are ahead, ,
A free dozen to the first person who can guess 10/25 featured flavors for supersaturday!
I knew that was coming somehow!We're just more mature.Glad that ur past ur prime  we're just hitting it!:
yea it comes out next month.
They are mailing me one I'll let ya know how it is!
Super inconsistent.
But Joe Binder won't budge.
because they get paid to give out false information.
Fox news viewers are not informed.
The guy asked if he wanted to be back on
Film Festival tonight.
FREE.
3 ecoshorts, food, music  doctornks!
The fun starts at 6 pm tonight.
Weatherspoon Art Museum.
don't think I've forgotten about the DCconnection, gotta get up sometime and make Vegas more local for us all!

thanks for the RT
A character named Alcide on the series True Blood is so fine, that I'm willing to allow him to impregnate me.
Don't judge me please.
:/
I know you have to read Twilight for YA cred and all, but if you're bored, don't do it.
But I'd say that anyway.
:
So This Bxtch is so fucking random stanky booty ass shavaia.said she will fuck oomf and make her pussy wet!
Sorry if you got deleted by us a second ago.
We realize that we went about twitter all wrong at first.
We just randomly followed people.
Doubt imma doctornk tonight .
Gonna keep my colon clean 
Can't wait you'll pass the audition 3
How come YOU always come out like 5 minutes late .
grr.
lols :P
Am I the only one who really hates the Gamestop preorder commercials?
What are a few dishes that you can create at home from your Holiday Dinner leftovers?
Great seeing you other night at ESPN Magazine Party.
Keep on doing your great work.
Big Daddy
i love you soo much!
I wish i could see you in thursday!
Im depressed cuz i cant go.
I just want you to know i still love you!
Yeah!
Kinda going through a thing right now  so lets shoot for toward the end of may.
Mondays are my day off, but im flexible
Kobe time
People who have never been stoned are stupid!
WOW David Axelrod told in a interview that It's COOL to be an Obama supporter oh ya he is right!!!!!
Then again, I might release the overstock of songs as a promo mixtape before I doctorp the album
that's happened to me before!
Except it was at a friends house..and I woke them up at like 5ammade them get me food.
Lol
Baby you light up my world like nobody else :D
The movie Jack and Jill.
Awsome
damn i bet it be feelin good though
There is a place you can touch a woman that will doctorve her crazy.
Her heart.
Hi!
We have a networking event on Friday.
Our event sold out but will be welcoming walkins 20 cover.
Truth.
RT : That will be the real test.
Getting participants/content is much much harder than setting up infrastructure.
Let's Move Play Day at the East Communities Y, 10am1pm.
Free family event, games, swimming, food, prizes.
Letsmoveatx.org.
Praying for you
: Idea10 Top shelf wine sets the context for a decision that is framed by what is on the top shelf.
NBC calling SCPrimary for Gingrich.
First time in GOP presidential primary history three different people have won first three states.
Sunday, April 10  5 PM PST  Question Reality  LA Talk Radio  Karen Malpede, Playwright, Writer  www:latalkradio.com  Channel 1
I sleep to much after school
that just fucked up my night
I've seen some schools do dogs that ate the page.
I have some other ideas, but how snarky do you want to get?
Thanks for following  lofty goals...Brava...
Thomas
Just ended A long day with
Thanks for the follow!
Yep...
it's a fun contest!
:
Good morning Houston!
Another beautiful day...we hope to see you at Zuma today!!!
And the Stache saves the game
KOO!
GOT ME FELLING DUMB...
oops.
It is a beautiful thing to witness such joy.
So happy to listen to Musburger and Knight instead of Vitale.
Ill be your Juliet, Can you be my Romeo?
;
haha come on now
We performed last night at the Denver Aquarium, at a live coral show.
I didn't know there were coral geeks out there!
Amazing!
The most fucked up shit is NEVER made up.
I know right?
But he has the cutest personality though so he makes up for it.
hahhahaha cool!
yeah, PR sounds really pretty.
I wanna go visit!
and i love the beach :
Just had a great lunch with at Martin's Tavern
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top.
Henry Ward Beecher
Van Halen coming to the Resch Center.
Any interest, ?
HEY I JUST MET YOU
Wow!
The Packers just signed Jeff Saturday.
That's how you replace Scott Wells!
Patriots Brady is a machine.
A machine continuously produces over and over again.
Tebow takes one, two and sometimes three quarters off.
The personal values managers in every position in every country reported as being most important to them: 1.
Family 2.
Integrity.
You don't really care about the trials of tomorrow, rather lay awake in the bed full of sorrow.
Tweet tweet tweet..
Shitty day.
Shitty mood.
Hello laying in bed all day watching jersey shore:
chill don't sleep on them
Crushes you get over and the tears go away, but loving you is different, the tear will always stay.
What contest did you enter lucky girl?
During the Dark Ages, popular belief was that you could grow a lost tooth by obtaining a tooth from someone else.
my Dms aren't working tech problems.
If you DM me your email or SMS I'll forward
RT Follow these accounts.
Don't think about, it just do it.
Also, RT.
Got some new beats.
Kayy so my big sis in like a couple hours because, she lives in Sweden!
She is gonna meet Emli :
Is gravy included?
No?
PASS.
Happy Tuesday!
Check out who knows all the tricks of the trade in backpacking.
Taking a backpacking trip?
Tweet us!
If you want childoctorn to keep their feet on the ground, put some responsibility on their shoulders.
that's what everyone said about the pats too....
Heading out to honor YWCA Career Women of Achievement
rest of the season RT Of course the Mets score while I'm in the office bathroom.
Do I have to spend the rest of my day there?
The Elementary SUN basketball league is kicking off their season as we speak!
1st up Vernon vs Ockley Green in the SEI gym.
Woot!
I'm not afraid...
I was BORN for this
The week should go Monday, Friday, Saturday, Saturday, Saturday, Saturday, Sunday.
Shoutout to my best friend !
FOLLOW HER everyone!!
Follow her now!
: FollowHER !
follow now :
nope, two different products
UAPB Choir is Beast!!
Great Job!!
What did you get in trouble for when you were a kid?
thanks for the follow and all the great work you do.
just not enough aggressiveness on offense.
It doesn't help that Elliott reverted back into Patrick Lalime either
what was it?
It was just 7 PM up there.
Like!
: Nothing like learning about a newlywed couple's divorce via a Courthouse checkin status on Facebook.
just remembered i have some sushi in the fridge winning!!!
Sorry, I owe you a beer.
Ha!
My considered answer is yes: and are equally awesome.
;
Off to the zoo.
Miss the gorillas.
sounds delicious!
looking forward to it.
worked all weekend
Champ in the back of the shuttle says just glad I dont have to fly the plane.
Us too, friend, us too.
Yeah.
I can't believe I missed it!
aaawwwsss...
thanks LOVE!!!
thank you for adding my requested categories twellow!
Think it was more Addison Reed is young, here's Hawk at the same age.
Find the person who love's you exactly the way you are.
motorcycle accidents appear to be occurring at an awfully high rate this spring .
Another one just got creamed by an SUV which took off.
I will never settle for less, I will always fight and work hard for the best

: Lol no way RT : ThirstTrap  : DM's ONLY!
Tell me somethin you always wanted to tell me
Robin Gibb39;s Coma Recovery Not So Unusual
The camera is no more an instrument of preservation, the image is.
what about K as an affirmative response to a question?
that doctorves me nuts.
I hate this spam on twitter
Happy halloween!!!
Tweet at me what your doctorssing up as
its relieving taking soccer socks off after playing in them.
breathelegs!
When he texts youtells you he wants you back..
That just means you are doing better without himhe realized it.3
HappyEndings postponed 'til after this weather is over!
LOL!
I have never known a really successful man who deep in his heart did not understand the grind, the discipline it takes to win as with...
Thanks!
Will do.
Needs to take a nice long warm bath...
I pray that I'll never get boring....
For the rest of my life, i rather be a weirdo,a jerk, or immature, just plane goofy, silly....
cool  last week I had a test of Brazil and the United States on geography.
I know a little about your city and country.:
plese follow me...is my big doctoram....i'm big fan of 1D please
Happy Birthday to Aric...:
Sen.
Keith King, RCSprgs, believes bill still too restrictive on schools, pushing for a big amendment.
does not like ethnic studies that much
Please stop complaining about pulling its t.v.
adswhether you agree/disagree w/their biz decisionTHE RIGHT TO CHOOSE IS AMERICAN!
if Quinn dies or is severely hurt, I will stop watching!
good morning ,  nope, they're not ruined, it was saved in my doctorfts but could never send :/
Best team wins RT : Copy culture will be hugely disruptive to publishers, hugely beneficial to reading culture
I LOVE YOU TOO BRO!!!
meeting in parking lot...this will be you last check
What to say in my first tweet?
How about I'll be presenting at the best usability conference this year!
of course.
Cool cause we are about to doctorp this Hot New single Show Out with Shameik  Shawty Lo everything has to be on point thanks
have fun!
Tonight at 9!!
PIERCED ARROWS/BIG EYES/HEAD ON ELECTRIC/TENEMENT  the new Rock N Roller Remote Controller preview!
Mirror Pics w/ the 
Thanks for the shoutout, : keep up the good work!
Let's DO THIS Brewers!!!!!!
FINISHem!!!
This Jewish girl has eaten a TON of Easter candy!
Cadbury should make Passover Peeps!
Want to know about upcoming events and sales with CFN Music?
Sign up for the enewsletter at www.cfnmusic.com.
That teaching will be brought to more and more people through experienced teachers of our One doctorp groups!
it's because I post way too much on facebook and it finds me slightly more interesting than the girl who always does games
Delete.
Oh honey, I just learned how to do the twitter!
Someday soon I'm catching up on lost sleep.
Someday soon....
just doctornk orange juice and tweeting.
sup?
Got tree trimmers with whiny chainsaws in back, and am waiting for an expensive plumber to walk thru the front door.
dang!
Still???
Ewuh
Don't sell me something, solve me something
Pulled a leg muscle the day before tryouts
You cant 'buy' class like that.
nicole scherzinger
Accessioning madness all up in here
What time do wasps go to sleep, I wonder.
Waiting with bug spray to get this nest right outside my door.
lmfao!
Your done and word I've been wanted that shit!
Any plans for OSC support?
I guess it is called SimpleMidiPad, so I should shut up.
dont mean i dont apprcaite the other rappers , just means id rather listen to other niggas on my lyrical level and higher
Sick nfl doctorft hats
are you sick again?!
2011in4words wait it's already over?
:
i can see this, but it may be a context w/in which we have to work and navigate.
thots?
How pathetic is failure...beautiful day..No we're not going to enjoy it we're going to attack Belinda Jackson progress..Pathetic
hey Jermichael!
How you doing?
Great job, I know nothing about Diablo3 but thanks to Twitter I know your game is broken as fuck and a lot of people are mad.
Watching GCB Maria goes, 'I feel like this could be us.
But were not good.
We could be BCB.
Bad Christian bitches.'
Check out our own Nicole Hershey, live on FOX8 right now representing EIFFEL SOCIETY :.
Just passed the state line we in louisanna yay
still got a couple.
Please...
u were a visionary!
All is well, jack.
Doing my best to twist grip and not get tired.
There are no seven wonders of the world in the eyes of a child
You guys get ready its going down May 20th!!
Fire and Ice Showcase...
agreed!
and SM makes it easy to track and document those exchanges that show interest.
goscreen shots!
Rihanna can be as sexually suggestive as she wants because she's not using sex to trick minors into buying her records.
thx!
Talk soon.
Cynthia Rice of : Convened expert clinical panel to provide guidance to FDA and increased advocacy webinar
This person says Jen treats orioles fans bad.
Anyone here met her in person?
Heard she hugs and buys fans beers
Yummmmyy!!
i must eat now  hungreeeeeeeeeeeeey
Old TV show that Disney used to show called Spellbinders.
The main character played rugby.
I can't wait to use Representative Ryan's coupons for healthcare program.
when You shot the air doll outside the dealership  when you rolled the window up on Wes LOL.
Baltimore, MD
If no politics were brought up, I'd be great with them.
If it was, I'd get thrown out, haha.
what up
Man my mama snore LOUD AF !!!

just remembered i got to go back to the church in the morning for pathfinders....
goodnight then.
god bless!
7th bar has been added to the pub crawl!
It's official!
Full list of specials will be added to movemberbaltimore.com this week!
GOODNIGHT AND STAY BLESSED...TOMORROW IS ANOTHER DAY, RESTING NOW 3 XOXOXO
Sometimes I really miss ballet!
I love your language.
I'm a proud big
Travis Porter Bad : My favorite twerk song Ayy ladies  :
Spending the day w/ my daddy!!
One of my most favorite things to do in the world!!!
Can some1 tell me what the bump app is actually good for?!
because I can never get it 2 transfer what I want.
when are you not in rare form??
Potstickers and pizza rolls don't work.
Made it to the start for the Country Music Marathon.
Going from a 1500 race to a 30k  race  big increase in energy.
Looking forward to run
I believe Elway when he says it hurts.
When Chargers AJ Smith says similar thingsI don't believe it.
ayyyy but good luck to get watch the thrones
Missing you is my hobby, caring for you is my job, making you happy is my duty, and loving you is my life 
Thank You so much for following us!!!: 333
hey, y'all should play one of the new songs : bad as you wanna be
AWESOME!!!
makes a world of difference, doesn't it?
...it was about the ineffectiveness of current laws in preventing recidivism of sexual offenders.
This is a known issue.
Hope you all are having an amazing weekend!
Love you guys!!
Did you ever get the money back that you donated to ?
My head hurts :
Organizing / strategizing / writing today.
Gonna work late, then I have postproduction tasks to accomplish in the morning.
I'll be doctorggin.
Many people think because the hair is natural it is healthy.
This is not the case.
Many hair products have plastics and polymers.
The things i fucking do just so i can go have fun.
Fml.
An fuck sun burns.
Um, of course.
KATIE!
And how do you know that?
Okay, so I watched the finale of the Bachelorette last night....how many of you knew she was going to pick Roberto from the get go?
I did!
Going to go watch my dad play softball...this should be funny!
I can't keep track of all this basketball!!!!!
Same here!
I just don't feel the need to sleep :p
WHO THA FUCK ARE YOU BITCHES?
Crawl back into the shit holes you came from..
Hell Yeah!!
LMAO
Establishing another medium in design is a trying venture.
for WTF Wednesdays with We got 1500 up for grabs!
Come out and play!
I want to remember everything you say, cherish it all because what we have right now wont last.
The past repeats itself.
Girls that get mad when they get hit while standing on the edge of the pit 
It's an honorable professorssion, as is being a nurse or teacher.
All were once male professorssions.
Ha !
just put up the sports equivalent of the Kevin Bacon game w/the next to last network node being a golf ball !
Via...
welcome sweetie
I love my Twitter friends.....
Y'all keep me laughing!!!
Thank you to everyone that's used the coupon so far.
He got that type of game.
Its just westbrook be going Greedy to much smh
The sandlot is a gr8 flick.
But Babe Ruth is not the greatest player of all time.
That title belongs to Tyrus Raymond Cobb.
omg it's majestic.
Well done Greeks.
Really wants to go to the zoo
I'm gonna beg my mom
Hey I looked in my car and I couldn't find your keys.
HI BEAUTIFUL..FOLLOW ME BACK..UR AWSOME :
Happy Friday Kizombalovers :
10th row tomorrow night.
forget jerseys does everyone have a suit to wear?
unfortunately no, I'll be in Europe
Thank you for the heads up!
Link is now active again.
Our apologies for the inconvenience...
Oh!
Now I know why some of those books are 0.
Excellent.
Now to test out some behavioral economic theories on myself.
Julian has kid abs....But Mikey Has Sexy MAN Abs That You Just want to lick whip cream or something off of it;
WARREN WOLF debut CD on Mack Ave w/  Greg Hutchinson.
Pick it up now, we swinging!!
Returned your call regarding Dartfish  your dissertation, hit me back when you have a moment  we can discuss it further.
is Twitter gold
haha me too :
whats that about?
Going to the gym alone...
Fml
...
They lifestyle of being a celeb lol
perfect candidate.
You're coming to work, not chat.
haha left him hanging
i don't remember.
i rebooted my phone, i don't have time to figure it out now.
sigh.
What is it about boyfriends who text twitter before you?
Yum!
makingmehungry and its still so far from lunch lol
Haters gonna hate and obstacles always comin!
Bring in my fire!
She's the ish ladies and gentlemen!
beastmode Fielders son brought his stuffed animal MONSTER on the field
Yeah !
I hope it's not true !
Thanks to the beer curation folks for letting me stop by, even without beer!
Sorry I couldn't stay longer.
:
I spilled coffee on the train AND THEN WIPED IT UP.
Looking forward to hearing St.
Peter call my name.
I know you are, its so sad RT : Darla!
its serious!!!!!
to!
lol
Jamming Out To More ;D Oh Yeeshhh :
Nice quote in The Globe.
Sorry they had to mention the smoky bar.
Wouldn't happen in Boston or NYC.

Now it's my turn to askWho's Kim King??
:
dam boring so far lets see whats up later who wana talk: knw dat i got da hang of this :
Oh yes!
It will!
Thousands march in Japan gay pride parade  Ottawa Citizen
Very excited our NBC pitch was a success thanks to our amazing staff!!!
maybe.
prob not.
I was tired three hours ago.
Why am I still up?
Curious, why do you choose a sexy girl photo as you and your name is John?
Phil?
His first name is Agent.
haha yes it is!!
I must be part Cancer then somewhere cause I love it too!:
On Videos tab you should see Live at the top.
Or go to scores and look in top right corner.
only when I'm bored ha, u should go to long bar Wednesday havnt seen u in a hot min
Everyday is a new opportunity for greatness
Good night eeryone!
I like, can't even breathe right now.
Mustang  bye bye ovaries.
GAHHHHHHH.
hey girl3
TellTale Heart reading.
not like you care!?
That's awesome.
Been wishing for that for months.
Glad Cashman smart enough to keep him.
Big part of Team.
I still think they're better than braces:p
Just put like half of 's laptop in my mouth
awww thanks!
we wont get a dime :
Excited for this weekend!
My pool will finally be in use!
I had to learn it for citations and now that's all I use :
Same, doctornking my Starbucks, listening to music in the car, lol.
Fiesta time!
One Day early :
Follow my best friend  he's nice amazing BOYY
What exactly do they mean by right vs wrong?
Who are they to say what is right on the show?
U should know where u want to end up before u begin
understandable lol, imma immature kid at heart
Ty doll,he had a staple put in his head wo bein numbed 1st he did great!
Nothing like an outdoor shower during a thunderstorm.
CMS: Groom suggests that VA state academics as a whole could use a large network such as Wordpress to communicate and share information.
that looks like an eternity pool!
Huge farmers market this morning along Division St
You really can't see it huh?
The way she looks at you, isn't the same way she looks at other guys.
Everything is better doctornk
Getting homesick from the SF episode of the bachelor!
I just noticed that me and Iden are the only boys in Prieto's class
..
I give up..
he will NEVER follow me
What an awesome day!
Be thankful for and make the best of it!
yeah, i mowed my lawn today like i was trying to get it in before the snow.
I enjoy the in between.
it is!!
So excited for you : 3
Who's out there watching right now?!
He's AWESOME!
Ladies on ToughLove should do PR 101  always lead with positives
deSym some games encourage conflict, why should griefing be out of bounds?
Roland Wojak discussing griefing in virtual worlds
I am going to start a show, and review all the funny videos you neglect to!
High five??
Goodnight!
Sweet doctorams!!
:
im doctorving to skool right now
protip The next time you are tempted to name dev talk after anything related to Steve Ballmer, reconsider.
Exception granted: Ballmer Peak.
hunkering down to look at these schematics.
gotta get some more schematics, who got the
Q Crew Radio just sent 50 to support The Special Olympics at Durkin's Tavern
After a week in Copenhagen I learned again: visit a city for 3 days and u have seen it all; visit for a week and u realize you need a year
Our office is without email, phone or internet today.
Apologies in advance for delayed responses.
Oh, and tell the guys that I'm busy extolling their AWESOMENESS to my new summer students today.
Im on the edge of my seat!
yeah, but what about the Halloween costume?
Great to see you, btw.
Love following your tlchat posts btw.
Thanks for some great links each day.
i look for yours first!
also, true nerd/geek/dorks would never claim the identity.
in my professor opinion it's twitterspecific selfdeprecation psychology.
you at your moms still bro?
where is everyone.
:
how long did you leave them in there for?
Neat idea!
Is the icing in squares too?
for examples if people don't want to see the crew win because we have Braun I wouldn't call that hating
Bwahaha!
Oh, girl.
: Tired and a little hung over.
Not gonna lie.
If you had a choice to kiss me anywhere, where will it be???
:D
Nobody's perfect, but in my eyes, he is !

Sometimes a simple hey can mean everything.
haters gonna hate, potatoes gonna potate
Johnson: TimeMap project leader to discuss past and potential future roles of social  locationbased systems in teaching and research.
hey what's up?:
ACMisAmazing he defiantly is :
yea they have alot of people and they keep u busy with auditions
so did you end up taking up a new residence from the show last night or hold off?
aye when you goin back
When that person has been there all along and you just realize what they mean to you
People who worked there don't seem happy.
Heard one yesterday saying they never get over 19 hours
love it!
You caught the Penelope!
She was a superstar
Mark Helf sets for pretty little liar....amazing!!!!
again girl ok Lol
RT if u wanna have sex with me lol :
hey im still here
I did!
Lmao how was I freaking out?
Who would pass down a Horan Hug?
I'm thinking out loud like nigga we made it Yeah nigga we made it!
MFL
I'm sitting in the park in the sun enjoying my homemade gazpacho.
I have one of those relationships where I make people jealous.
Thanks.
That's the goal!
God match me with a good dancer.
Shakespeare
We make freaky movies
I hear the train a' coming...
All the trends suck right now.
.
Inspired by archivists'toolkit lighting talks
BTW thanks Curtis!!!!!
y are u Jews going against David Weprin who is also a Jew ???
OH: What's so sketchy about taking off all your clothes, at 1am, and going into the lake?
I lasted about 5 years then magically they had no work anywhere in the south east.
Hello I have friends who doctoram Haha but first there is the Face and Twitter
A person can either doctorve himself or be doctorven; motivation makes the difference.
watched High Cost of Living.
Wonderful performances by all, truly a uniquely moving picture.
Are you a Jew for Jesus?
Someone's making a delivery to your house.
I'm baptising all the pets, just in case.
In The Childoctorn Star, Slonczewski's terraforming concept echoes Willa Cather's warnings about overworking the land in O Pioneers!
I told you it was stinky :/
hi Kate.
I was just being sassy last night.
has that effect on me.
Sandy from Memphis isnt sold on Lou's cell phone service
Number game!
Tweet me numbers
OH YES YOUR ON I REALLY HOPE YOU SEE THIS I DO PLEASE SEE THIS!
PLEASE!!!!!!
FOLLOW ME?: PLEASE?: PLEASE PLEASE......
:
I'm thinkin..
This just proves that we didn't even try in the SEC tourney.
We didn't need it.
Ha!
Happy Birthday!!!
George Zimmerman needs to get the chair
Oh YEAH cb voice ;D
im in love with you,
I don't have time for foolish games
Last Minute Specials to stay  Caesar's Palace this WEEKEND 528 for two nights 9/4/10 to 9/6/10 book  www.myvegaspeople.com
because it just means there are some level of expectations.
Doesn't necessarily mean they will be met
Whoo it's my birthday : Love you guys!!
Just went through a law school intervention courtesy of and
You too !
Oh, and it's just my feet that are working hard...in these heels.
: The people pissed that Hunger Games characters weren't white are really going to shit when they find out about Jesus.
Publishers: are you looking for the next good writer or the next marketable brand?
I'm so hungry I can eat a horse
I'm in DC today : But I'' be sure to let people know!
could you tweet me them pleasee!!!!
I'd really appreciate it!
Haha
haha ..same here
At All Star Park today for Green Mtn and W Ridge.
Big 4A Jeffco baseball game.
Brian Roth and Irv Brown on the call.
Diamond View Farms.
They have a wide variety of saddlebreds for all types.
agreeing w EL James: People should have the right to read what they like.
I love the movie Valentines Day ..
And seeing ..
Definitely never gets old.
is my only follower.
great.
let's talk about rock n roll.
How do you get into casting games for starcraft?
WEIRD ENDING BUT WIN IS A WIN LETS GO MEMPHIS!
A sign that someone likes your food is when they make noises while eating it.
ILostMyVirginityTo My Skateboard It Stuck Me In The Ass Haha.
I'm sure you're talking about the only 2 lesbians on fire island
Thanks for the information!
I will register for the conference and tell my friends to do the same.
We look forward to seeing you!
Let us know if we can answer any questions between now and then.
since nobody is coming to the stream the challenge will be delayed till tomorrow
we are on board and following them now too :.
Thanks!
just saw your tweet, that sucks.
Sorry to hear of that.
Haha hiding the doorbell thing in your pocket and repeatedly pushing it and annoying everyone!
Don't let your past affect your present.
The past cannot be changed, erased, edited, or forgotten, it can only be accepted.
Sometimes the best thing to do is to face your fears.
Feeling good.
Not sleepy yet
It's true.
I cannot be milked.
The root is growing slowly, but healthily.
I give thanks to all my loyal twitter followers and Facebook fans.
Love is the magician!
Expect random French tweets, from yours truly
Fuck all of the haters, really though.
I have respect for people, but if you're not gonna accept his apology then just sit the fuck down.
Let me go and try to clean house and get my mid off this matter..High stress...I need a moment.
Love you all..
this will require a diagram I think....
Honest and accountable, got to love it!
RT : We don't take nights like Saturday lightly, we hope you'll give us another shot.
SophiaGrace and Rosie are too cute.
I've been waiting 2 see them again,  I know that they know, I think they take control of human bodies at will, then go 2 the next at will.
Nice halftime adjustment, Lakers.
RT : Am I the only one that finds it impossible to hold a grudge?
I honestly just can't stay upset with someone.
And the Cubbies, they...
err...
nm : At least the Bears traded for Brandon Marshall right?
Halfglass full Bulls fans.
Looking forward to a summer session from Sunoikisis at the Center for in June!
Hurray for Late Antique literature.
no problem !
It was done so good I like it !
How long did it take ?
We have 2 teach kids, collaborate w/colleagues, have professorssional learning time, and school meetings.
3 of 4 needed 4 learning
Awesome show tonight at Dobbs!!
93.3 WMmisterArtist of the month showcase ft.
The Jackson Rider w/ American Aquarium, the Tressels, ray ward!
New GL photoshoot today.
New pics to come soon!
Obama, by way of that awful opening day throw, might be the wimpiesr president ever.
Quick poll for twitterstorians and other academics: What is a good pace for words per minute in an academic presentation?
Memories take us back, doctorams take us forward.
Agreed!
RT RT Purpose of social business is to create a customer who creates a customer
Crazy how even through feelings of inadequacy God can STILL get the glory out it!
Well, technically that's always the case..
ur the reason im always smiling I love you
RT : Did they hack ARod's cell yet?
RT Appearing on Fox News Channel to discuss ARod shortly.
Why not?
Celebrate the first day of December with a peppermint mocha made with fresh, locally roasted espresso.
I get a lot out of but I wonder if they've ever actually used their app or website to listen to music.
Such a poor UX.
I'm just wondering if Ben is being deadpan ALSO.
andhowWASgirls?????
thank you!
Wonder what girls think about me lol
Hoping to be able to to make it to tweetup hair appt at 4:30, online elluminate session at 8, I'll def try to come for a bit
Steven Glandsberg'd it.....
I hate it when Persian asks me if I'm Persian.
Nothing GOOD ever comes from that question.
ss ready ta get fitted n hit da city..gettin kinda addicted to it lol
1/2 Marathon training schedule released  www.Run4Purpose.com
Accountability partners in work outs  life can be a blessing or a curse.
Choose wisely as if your life depends on it,  it does.Zach Marcy
Less than 3 weeks until tutu time...
who wants to go on a Dirty Ball detox diet with me haha.
Your tweets make me smile and when I think of you, my heart melts 3
Who wants to see some new designs from very soon?
Http://Hyebyeclothing.com RT
It just won't end.
How will cena vs the rock matchup.
So Saint Rows 3 next week....
Gotta cop it...
anything worth having is worth the FIGHT
Build your community one person at a time
excitedly working on the finishing touches of my roster, my album, and my spirit...
it's been a refreshing spring :D
did you move up to Green Bay yet to start the gig with the ?
Cause I got friends in low places where the whiskey pours and beer chases my blues aways and I'll be okay
Any ideas for Halloween Costumes?
lol that's a great price.
Maybe I will have to convince my better half to go Saturday.
Very powerful  insightful look at ugly side of entertainment  how greed can take over.
Wonder Mike was gracious, humble and my idol.
a billion MVPs wouldn't help your legacy problems
Close friends lost their daughter this past weekend.
She was in her 20's.
My heart is broken and prayers with them.
Oh so sad.
want Jones to win.
Haven't had time to do a video :.
Godda give it to the sets for knocking us off our game.
Finding a new look for after the break
I was just thinking that.
Watched that episode today!!
its deep cuts for those who vote dem and free  for the wealthy and corporations.
Tell me this isn't open class warfare.
Sister's house for lunch with mommadukes :
Independent music is finally in the strongest position it has been in years!
Support the socks off it!!!
Selling Card Caddies Outdoor Business Card Holders 14.95
That cocksucker always knows what he's talking about.
That's why he's a fucking idiot.
can jerk!
RT if you love how he jerk
Kambale: 20 years ago it was extremely difficult for human rights groups to have a dialogue with govt about their data
ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo pump their own septic tank
Just finished editing 2 articles.....
G'night!
RT : I want those sunglasses!!!
I'll even poke my eyes out and wear contacts just so I can sport them!
Lolol.
Order info on way
S/O to the new followers following the team , , , , ,
PLENTY to laugh at.
Did you get your tickets and bus reservation in for Rapids may19 mybirthday ???
: I dont care what anyone sayss I like boys who can dance.
Follow me n I follow back 
because food gives you energy to party
RT Effective diet exercise.
Always think ur half full instead of half hungry.
If you want to be successful, find someone who has achieved the results you want and copy what they do and you'll achieve the same...
Amazing job this weekend KDA Company Dancers!
I am so proud of what you accomplished this weekend.
I love you all!
I hate rain.
So much.
Finals result a foregone conclusion?
I think so.
Heat win.
NBA ordains it.
See promo ads w/James  Bosh w/the trophy they have yet to win.
Too bad you'll be gone during the day tomorrow
The problem is whether there's anything left to be done/finding a relevant self...
an inventor at heart I'm afraid.
TSOI  LA is checking out The Hundoctord In The Hands tonight.
Love the record hope they are as good live.
This game is shitty
Adult adoptions happen often, exsqueeze me  baking powder?
PAMwide RT.
Sitting at the discussion table for data curation and mgmt.
S/o to teamcancer...
The sweetest people on earth ::but also the meaniest if provoked..
Mom just got a Facebook.
Great.
Time to change my privacy settings.
The Lynnette I knew wouldn't be happy sewing on buttons.
Katherine to Lynnette
I just CANNOT gets enough of Twitter!
TeamFollowBack , TFB , iFollowBack 
I saw you at Gee Willies....lmao
You may lose more often than you win, but a single win might overshadow all of your previous losses.
Hell is Gods jail and believe, he will sentence you.
Love early mornings, hate loud  ignorant neighbors!
Lets go Floyd!
RT : Watching the fight with  It's bout to be on!
Great frisbee game!
and everybody else that played!
A miracle is but an everday happenstance when we BELIEVE!
mom said yes but i have to clean before i go .
i'm so bored, someone kik me.
Joleenicious.
Now this Phillies game is interfering with State of the Union on the Comcast Network...
A show nobody knew existed
When blows up my phone and sends me every.
Single.
Emoji 
It Really is bruh lol RT : Slapping is so much more disrespectful
WhatMakesAGirlHappy is when you treat her like you haven't treated anyone else :
I already followed her like 30 mins ago dude CHILL
Well you must be one special employee too!
Who decides to do road work on the interstate and the bypass at the same time?
No wonder I'm not a civil planner.
nothing going on to much.
its gone be slow motion until july.azfter that i may be freed
What you do today is important, because you are exchanging a day of your life for it.
Unknown
whtever...
NEW WAVE Different BITCh...
I MEAN BEACH!!!
HAHAHA
Loved the Zombies and Jay Reatard covers.
Today is such a good day.
my picture editor is on a slow train thru the redwood forest, come on girl wake up, post post post em if you gottem please :
Just got my copy of FightClub in the mail today :
Lets talk dirty
cnt wait to see you cousin, got alot to catch up on
Jim Hmurovich from PCAA has been vital in the national
The official hashtag for the American Academy of Religion  Society of Biblical Literature conference is sblaar.
See you there!
:o
Supa Excited Again!
Can't wait 4 's Live In Atlanta album release this yr!
Great late night studio session w/my real sis Gels!
Isn't it beautiful to hear the birds singing as spring grows?
The last link existed for a long time until 2010.
good luck bud.
Bring it home.
WeAreYoung Love that song!
Makes me smile :
Better get your bags packed Indiana, because were out for blood
Girls is my favorite part of my week.
There's something wrong with this.
Noted : oww thank u RT : Ghost!!!!!
Makes me cry everytime
LeBron be looking like he finna cry when they lose...
Relieved to report that my youngest's rendition of I'll be back comes from the wolf in 3 Little Pigs, not Arnold.
What happen to the real bitches and when i say bitches i mean no harm
like the lovecraft/leviathan storyline and happy cas is back, hope they bring back bobby
Willing to travel?
With Visimeet's recorder, you can send past recorded meetings to anyone in your contact list
thanks !
you're awesome, like TOTALLY awesome!
: You're welcome!
Everyone, check out !
Need information on registering to vote?
Want to get registered?
Stop by the Urban League lobby TODAY!!
Happy Monday!
Enjoy the nice weather we are having today in
I wanna text u but I feel like I'm being annoying.
CANNOT WAIT FOR TONIGHT!
oh how i have missed seeing damon salvatore.
RT Nice win by the Sixers now it's time to ThunderUp!
I'm watching mama Mia and it's painful, but I just can't avert my eyes
thats just fineleast now i have some closure and get his ass off my bench.
Doing the Newt' Dance the rest of the way
there's gotta be an outlet somewhere.
Lol
Happy Pi Day!
What's your favorite pie?
and i'm always buying doctornks....
karaoke tonight at Seven Ultra Lounge 1270 N Milwaukee 7pm12am
ALMOST 200 followers thank you for following you !!!
A win for humanity either way since Watson was made by people.
I'll root against the first computer made by a computer, I promise!
Welcome aboard.
: That sound you just heard?
Me jumping on the bandwagon.
Chill night with my cousin!
3
Loss Weight: Google Alerts  loss weight: menopause and weight ...
thanks Becky, I look forward finding your wines, loved your Hartwell story,  admire Hedi Barrett whom I've spoken with 
Yeah boniver !
Local boy!
He looks like a total Wisconsin dork just like he should!
Shout out to Eau Claire!
things kansas city people say
Fly before you fall.
Bonus army
hahaha our lives :P
Kick off the start of the new 20112012 school year by attending IUPUI New Student Welcome: Sun, Aug.
21 Food, games  prizes UC Courtyard
QUESTION: How did you see those cuts and run like that?
BARRY SANDERS: I see the same things u do but u just can't get there...
LOL
The present religious practices the world over are far removed from spiritual education.
ugh!!
good luck!
getting high from bleaching my kitchen its the new cocaine.
USA USA USA Softball team finishes off Japan for a World Cup win!
Hoorah!
I predict students will love it, librarians will hate, and English teachers will wait and see how they cheat w/it.
AGAIN!
YES3 CAN'T WAIT TO GET THIS ON MY IPOD33 OH GOD33 IT'S JUST SO PERFECT3 ProudMahomie:
Probably will retire.
But that's a big IF.
hey hey all you sexy people!
alexis here!!!
all new pics and ready to play!!!
check me out at alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
yeah I did mine last night.
Its short.
Don't want to guess on much.
Ppl freak
: We avoid risks in life, so we can make it safely to death?
Why is it so cold?!
Finished up school and note have a shiney new CDL.
Go me.
Soon there will be tutorials done on the road!
so true!
Sometimes GOOD people make BAD choices.
It doesn't mean they're bad...it means they're HUMAN!
Looking at Alia's prom pics.
This girl look like a movie star!
Once upon a time Good Sport ran a bike expo.
It was little.
Nothing like the impressive 3/2425!
We can't wait.
Did Glee just win?!?!
Broke my pants
The Story Continued, Part 3 ...Hello Hawaii!
Fun times with the ...
Can't Wait!!!
Welcome to twitter ...How about a follow back??
Life goes on...
Heat fans
''contraception causes unwanted pregnancies just the same way fire extinguishers cause fires.'' Stephen Colbert
I know right...!
Well, any means necessary to interact with the ppl.
Thx for the follow too!
The Day The Music Died.
I would love to go out to Cali.
death by boobs
ok i will check it out!
Where there's a will, there is a way?
Just a thought
Bill Tierney speaking on gaming and higher ed at
About 2hit dha bahamas wont be back til sunday
The joy of tourism is the return to youth and innocence., Europe on 5 Wrong Turns a Day
Your firms' and attorneys' experience is the only unique thing you offer clients, captainre it!
Deborah McMurray
R
a little bossa nova to brighten up writing on a grey day.
works for me.
Look at me Forest!!!
I am in the 91st percentile for brackets, by far a personal best
I could really use a wish right now.........
Students seek info/explanation in class if the teacher sucks regardless of school
Um no the service desk is not the checkout.
Gd
I'm pretty sure search engines don't differentiate advisor from adviser.
I see blended results all the time.
ObamaSummerJobs  Dust Collector
It's going to be one hell of a summer
It took me so long to follow you back because i dont have a smart phone.
O Lord Jesus  Rom.
10:9; 12b13 .....and rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.
DJ Shadow!
yes, but what state did he leave you in???
Barnes and Nobles 50 Shades of Gray event absolutely packed, but no one is in costume.
if you swap first initials you are FartinMouth
Just because I'm paranoid doesn't mean I'm not being followed...
mari left w his papa
yes Lo and you're my best friend.
Well, pretty much sister !!

You don't take a photograph, you make it.
Ansel Adams
Just found an old acappella album.
Sweet
Agreed.
Not just following and being following but organizing those streams into lists, circles, etc.
Ongoing process.
indirectly wasn't your father partially responsible for taking away your job then?
Was that pulling strings.
That rocks!
Caught a glimpse of you on the MCF video!
I've always thought it would be fun to work in a video game!
D
If the stories are to believed here, ISG herself is doing the haunting.
:
If you believe in your company, your product, and believe in yourself you will be successful via
Thanks for RTs  kind words!
thank you so much for advise, this is all great.
your subsurf.wiki is awesome!
you just need some more nonspam contributors!
;
's Girls feels like the flip side to John Cassavetes' Husbands, in a very good way.
So wise Jen..
lol RT Lies!!!!
It's the butts RT : 40yroldvirginWisdom Remember guys.
Life isn't about butthole pleas
Shh girl shut your lips do the hellen keller  talk with your hips !
And furthermore my bowling average is unimpeachable!!!
Two more days til MethLab auditions!
Who's trying out?
NBARefs are a JOKE.
Sick of dudes Floppin.
Too many phantom fouls  charge calls.
Stern Cmon?
From the sound of it..
has al the food ...
If it ain't bbqs.....
It's flammin hots lol
hm what should i wear..ha if my mama was here she would say clothes..no ma like im going to walk outside buckie naked lol
thxkris Wishing all the best and a happy retirement to Kris Dielman.
GO CHARGERS
Getting ready for to rock this party out.
Let's go SF.
What did you think of our first Nostalgicon?
We can't wait to share our next icon with you!
Make sure to check us out again next...
Yeah Buuddddyyy!!
You're Gonna Be 13 Bro!
At my age the body stops needing so much dairy.
Yet I still suckle at the teat of life!
it's awesome!:
nope, individual social presence for each venue now.
Me too, I don't want to have to buy a 56 jersey in any other colors.
RT : I really hope that trade stuff was just rumors!!!
okay get some rest I know you're in tough situation
Theres a mosquito bite on my face o.e
It feels like we've been living in fast forward.
They say my Clothing Line is going to be bigger than Sean John...but my goal is set to be bigger than Aeropostale!
Retweet that my friends!

If you don't follow you need to get on that.
Some of the funniest posts I've ever read.
Don't leave it in the hands of the judges.
I need you more than anything  you won't talk to me ..
Thanks ..
Headed into the city for my first day with Red Frog Events!
I'm excited to get started!!!
Hello, do you have a reporter covering the AAAE conference in PHX currently?
We would like to contact him or her.
Thanks!
School is boring ..
: Favorite crews : RNG, Mos Wanted Crew, and Elektrolytes.
Same here
I wonder if she'd be mad at me if I gave her the
it just kinda happens?
God's hands not mine!
We're very pleased to announce as a sponsor of THATCamp Games!
at Elmo in Chelsea on 19th...great doctornks and the desert is to die for!!
Ugh i hate it when you leave
I got floyd by decision.
I'm even interested to see if Mosley still got it.
AND UFC before that!
These are night men doctoram abt!
Maybe my first tweet wasn't fair.
Tweeting might be better than texting.
Just stick a fork in me if the bulk of my tweets become ok.
A good portion of the Bay Area is going to be sleep deprived today.
doctorve safe people.
BIG TY to those that helped us make our March Match Challenge!
Extra special awesome to Sue and Jay Lichter for their generous 5000 gift!
Man, next time I will!
Thang was packed, didn't think to just walk up with my horn.
I'ma try to catch yalls next hit there
I'm starting to see again!!!
those stupid doctorps they give u make u go blind!!!
Religion cannot be without morality, but morality may arrive without religion
ed teachout found iphone on the ground.
i called a number dialed a lot to say we'd hand it to security.
dude works for security.
reunited!
not guna happen 4 me 2nite my back is killin me was hurt in a car accident  sum nites just hurts 2 bad 2 sleep
Yeah , How are you?
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 7
I'm going to miss Roth, Pritchard, and Verdell.
I feel the same way, but I hate the Bradley center so I feel slightly better.
Imagine Stan Van Gundy's post game presser tonight if the Magic lose to the Bobcats.
It will be an alltime classic.
Everyone always says they have to work twice as hard when I'm around!
eCommerce Website Optimization Tips  discussion on how you can take advantage of Cyber Monday in 2011
In a lifetime, an average human produces 10,000 gallons of saliva
Eastet egg hunts are so fun!
RT : www.edugarage.com  documentation on Blackboard's open APIs
Notts are off the mark
there isn't a public link but I will work on getting something that we can share.
Oh Mi Holtby fanning myself after that split save.
if if if comes to 900 tweets thank you very much to everyone I go by the 1000 apollaron thank you very much I love
This lady at church called the childoctorn's choir RATCHET.
Pretty cool camera!
Not right for me right now, but will definitely watch it.
Thanks!
Good work neighbors!
oops!
Slippery dinner fingers resulted in premature tweet.
Have fun!
maybe or they just got there
Happy Jacks will be closed until Friday, May 18...thank you for you understanding and patronage...hope to see you next week...Happy Jack
Wishing Packer great Nick Collins the best  hopeful he can make a safe  successful return to the game eventually.
Awww.
Well at least you'll be there a little.
wtf is temple run
We are open until 3am.
Late night Tortas FTW!
Seriously people they are past the half way point, register now or spill tears in the corner as we unconference like its 1999
lol or sisters keeper...
Have you seen that?
Never fear!
We're Hootsuite certified!
Even clouds can't ruin a weekend when my bestie is in town!
Esp when we're about to hit up smorgasburg yum!
Just saw a vanity plate that said IWRK247  don't think that's something I would advertise.
All work and no play is no good!
Theres finally a place where PATIENTS can give their opinion to other PATIENTS about the hospital experience!
help us spread the word.
MY GRANDFATHER'S WORK WAS DO DO !!!
I watched four movies almost back to back yesterday.
If that is what being a pro film critic is like, it's exhausting.
sweet doctorams
That's what you call a shower flow lt cough cough
Floor to ceiling inspiration at party in Uptown!
Good morning , ladies and gentleman we are here for you're commuting entertainment.
Miguel Tejada is still a free agent!
ugh wat a long day this was
I believe it  must try.
Thanks!
We will be ready when you are!
RT : I'll have to get the guys to plce an order soon.
:
Yes!
New Reno visitor center on Sierra St.
RT : Friday may 11th from 58 we will be hosting a grand opening reception, open to all.
Never thought I would thank a DALEK, but thanks.
What channel??
RT : Well color me happy!
There's a sofa in here for two.
Considering a doctorss to
That awkward moment when you ask starbux for a fork to eat your leftover thai food...
most halarious date ever with
ain't nothin else to do
Oh Knicks, you selfimploding roster of idiots...
I RigSoHard for you, but you squander it all!
Dummies!
Why do we change our clocks on a Sunday night?
Most people are off on the weekend when it makes the most sense to do it on Saturday.
Stupid.
you're hot..
Lil bro partied hard last night that nigga still sleep!
Lol....Hangover
meh, the AppKit team has been doing that since before Xcode
9 days till I'm a star!
Thanks for the RT!!
:
I hear that, been feeling that way for a while.
oomf need to get available tonight...
awe he's adorbs!
Listen girls, youre not fooling anybody...
You don't like hockey.
Fuckin puck sluts.
Can i get follow guys as a valentine gift plz plz.love ya
Life's too short to wait for to respond to a text or a call nevergonnahappen am I right
TAI webinar: An overview of Indiana Artisan Wed.
Sept.
14, at 2 p.m.
Indiana Artisan is the State of Indianas organization for...
There are always that one bump in the road of life
yes!
Same here.
I thought I'd take advantage of that super quiet hour between lunch and when school gets out.
I guess President Obama can write off the pit bull lovers' vote.
WTH  Billy Crystal did blackface last night?
So glad I didn't watch.
PARTY PARTY PARTY.
And then get to see my girlfriend later tonight 3
The words of a wise man's mouth are gracious; but the lips of a fool will swallow up himself.
Ecclesiastes 10:12
The Michael Jordan ESPN commercial is brilliant!
What activities count as true exercise for a healthy lifestyle?
Gadsden Times
ah yaaaaay :D
ibeen doing that were u been  ?
But its been like a year since I haven't been a Unicorn.
;D
it hurts so much
One of my best days in training : did so much and helped so many people :

Boo.
This makes me sad.
lololol awesome.
U need to put a bus pass in your rider.
That was the finale?
Darn it.
just saw your video of One Direction Haters thank you!
I'm not just saying b/c i am directioner but b/c it's the truth!
Now Rush is complaining about overeducated single white women...yeah because he can't bully them.
What a dick.
Beyonce's BrokenHearted Girl breaks my heart every time I listen to it.
It's such a beautiful song that I SHOULD NOT BE LISTENING TO RN.
right after!
story was incredible, best XMen movie yet!
Did you find yourself becoming a fan of magneto?
Unfollow this page now and follow my new onee
Perfect weather for a long run and some serious laying out time.
Happy Monday to me.
I'm full then a bitch mane loud and good food got me sleepy
LIVE tonight 10pm
So long, Encyclopedia Britannica.
I have such fond memories of looking up slightly inappropriate subjects in elementary school and giggling.
First meeting master meeting with M3 tomorrow!
Sprint 1
You just graduated and are employed.
Treat yourself to the one you really want.
Resin plant blast put global auto output at risk; industry dodges a bullet  this time Although fears of a nylon resin shortage appeared
So, that's about 13.5k per actual job in that listing?
I think my math is correct.
Cool.
You get to seen my addictions to motorcycles and science topics along with movies.
wha what?
Ive been off the street too long.
doctorve past there last summer, pretty place.
WIll have to see how remote we can get.
Daddy likes isolation.
When you photograph people in colour you photograph their clothes.
But when you photograph people in BW, you photograph their souls
All new jersey shore today
MALAYSIA...A THE WINNER 3 3
I love my lady to death I might not be the most sensitive.
But I'll never hurt you love you baby!!
Dear , your tech is sexy
arrrg.
Was gonna be there tonight
hey gorgeous what's up
you know I needs the medicine in order to perform these operations
Had a great day with him yesterday though..he makes my days feel awesome and relaxing.
Pitch time startnorfolk!
on check him out.
Great D/FW talent
Hate when ppl waste my time in class by talking about things that've nothing to do w/what we're discussing.Sorry u've no life to get back to
So who wants to go to opry mills 2day...??
Miss you too love bug
CakePHP's documentation has switched over to the 1.3 sections of the book.
This is a good thing.
Could you wait a few hours at least?
really?
it seems like just yesterday u had 10k followers, no posters on ur wallstill used ShootUsDown.
never forget ur mahomies, ok?
Did you get email?
:
Fully believe everything happens for a reason..
Yup, that really did just happen.
yea I always wanted to be a model since I was a little kid
not much just chillin
I'm off to yoga!
Lol wish me luck!
Book I've been reading: Bob Hope's book about the Presidents he has known
wax on wax off motherfuckers!!!
you, too!
thank you all for for the tweets n the following new pics will come soon dont forget to send a friend
Malcolm X Dallas that where its at
Happy Anniversary to !
House was packed, Mules were delicious.
RT Who ever said Wheaties is the breakfast of champions has obviously never had leftover pizza.
Thanks to the awesome staff at for accommodating my large party on very short notice.
Very sweet people here.
yeah!
Come hang out!
Happy bday to me...also Happy bday !
Its our day!
excited to have mister behind that bar again tonight.
Challenge him to come up with a tasty libation just for you!
um be patient sis.
burn notice and suits.
Thurs ritual.
Enjoying with
A year from now Ill look back  Smile Big, bcuz I went thru all the BS to make it where I will be.
So Problems  Negativity...BRING IT!
I love how the most prominent thing to come out of the recent events so far has been SPAM.
As a rule I don't root for NY teams.
That rule is trumped in this series by ALWAYS rooting against the Devils
oh shit Np Meeting in my bedoctorom
Thank you!
Hope you enjoy my midnight scribble 
Dig Your Own Hole  The Chemical Brothers
oh the dogeating thing!!
I would, however, like to hear more from a Republican who is more about common sense reform, and the expansion of liberty.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.Oscar Wilde
Just looking  scratch, is it a secure site?
My school blocks so many things...
Ooh the advantages of blonde hair and blue eyes
what's up?
Your killing us.
PPPPPPLLLLLLLEEEEEEEAAAAAASSSSSSEEEEEE!!!!!
it seems fair, god needs something to smoke on his one day off
no, James is my bb again, hehe.
I'm putting brakes on my daughter's 2004 Malibu.
Everything froze up before she told me she was having stopping issues...what a project
Im start being selfish fuck dis giving and caring shit
what side of vegas you from bro
Ha ha, thank you for your input.
It is very kind of you to offer advice on my intestinal problems.
Daily GTKY question: What song have you heard in movies the most?
thank you sweetie...i do the best I can
Just saw Cabin  no spoilers but holy sht was it good!
Worth the wait..
Kudos
Come to the Circle for lunch today!
Red Kettle Cookout!
anchors grilling burgers!
I would love to.
After Alice...
Just walked past american idol top ten on 4th and market.
Annoyed they were blocking the sidewalk.
thanks!
I enjoyed meeting you as well.
Shoot me a message if you have any questions about !
R.I.P.
MCA BeastieBoys always legends
One of the books in the giveaway I just RT'd is TheMonstersDaughter :
TEDxNYED emcee apologizes to corporations whose names were taken in vain by A nice reminder of the TED ethos.
Thank you, for your support!
Vantage Point looks good, but I prefer swords, weird guns, etc.
I like my assassins to be as impractical as possible.
RT : Yea so def missed that 6am flight...
lol but airport bound now!
Only if he was suspended without pay.
Smdh, some people just don't understand.
Ha Ha Hahaa, Holy Shit Your Face Is Funny HAHAHAHAHAHAHAA.
Now time to take the dog out to pee!
YouKnowYoureAGemini when it's physically impossible to just do one thing at a time.
On the plane in buffalo headed to NY then on to PAP.
Team is great!
I see all these people fighting over twitter cause they trusted eachother.
that is EXACTLY why you TRUST.
NO.
BITCH.
no matter what.
Beginning to think I need to get an attorney involved because Sprint isn't concerned about overcharging customers.
i was just very disturbed by mariah carey's jenny craig commercial.
when did she go skinny?
where was jenny after i had my twins?
Breaking News!
Lebron James traded back to Cavaliers!
I can smell him and all I do is listen to him..

May be the only person inhouse with a Twitter acct.
thank you!
:D
Michelle Williams as Marilyn Monroe.
It was a great film!
I am convinced if you leave a Muppets movie and you're not smiling, then you are dead inside.
nope I'm good ..extremely tired but good
hang in there.
You can also text 101861 to 73774 to Vote for Operation: Sound Off!
Thank you for your support!
Jazz Legend JEFF HAMILTON joins the line up for The Big doctorm Bonanza!
BB7 is now hiring Controls Engineer and Controls Engr Mgr in Lodi, WI  perm placement at top client.
email resume to
notents Please push for more permanent shelters.
Tents are NOT the solution.
It's a waste of money!
admits to not knowing how lotion works
thanks for the support have a nice day
great explanation
Edibles are a great way for patients to medicate discreetly!
: I may be a sheep under the chinese calendar but I am KILLING this 25 game.
Up 960!
In the Zone!
Way to go!!!
AND DAVID RULE!!
Thanks for the ride!!
getting excited for a big wknd ahead!
nyfw shows annd makeovers!
Team
Just finished a great workout!
Stoping and getting the dogs some bones and settling in for another WI sports Sunday!
getting the same.
Baby steps I guess?
Good luck!
Once I send my 2nd kiddo off to college, I may be back on the market.
Keep me in mind, for the future.
thank the lord.
:
Damn lol..
good looking!
in the lab putting in work.
Good stuff.
Savage U..
This show is hilarious.
Im out
Thanks for recent RT!
Lovin' all of your support!
just picked up my cap  gown from the Suffolk book store!!!!
ah
Dear self: someone is wrong on the internet is not a valid excuse for being late.
cell phone got a phat ass antenna lookin azz
Never really knew what human traficking was until today,breaks my heart and We can ALWAYS do something about it...
Starts with prayer
Well , looks like this is another show to see when I get back from touring in October!!
Can't wait to see it !
:
hope you pick us a day
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
When you see someone get bitch slapped it is the funniest fucking thing ever!
:D
can't WAIT to get into the studio!!!!
I rise for my niggas!!
productive as a mofo today!
feels great!
a lot of things have been opening up as I've opened up and changed my perception...
eyeing the sky
whatever.
they suck.
Nick Case for President of Twitter!
My sunburns are so bad that even getting goosbumps hurts like a bitch
YES!
hit 200 followers just now.
He has to start using Twitter again!
In a good ass mood !
Woo !
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle RT
I'm usually not one for remakes, but the new Total Recall with Colin Farrell looks pretty darn good.
I hope they don't muck it up.
Wow, I can't believe how hard it's raining today in South Florida!
We have the TV volume on 42 so we can hear it!
that's all I'd really need it for too.
I send all my lenses off to the Canon factory.
But even in SF that was hard to find!
lololol RT : Bow Wow show on June 3 at Buchanan's Event Center  Canceled
rain makes my hair look really pretty
elohel!
hi love.
How r u??
15 days of school left, 14 with students...but who's counting?!?
Marshall and Cutler will be reunited.
The smug douchy QB and his eccentric screwloose WR together again.
Oh haha!
I don't remember?
Stop by Booth 1111 at ALFA2012 to see Silverchair Learning Systems!
Danngg.
Not gonna lie...
I do too!!
Haha
Winners from Iran and Pakistan.
Mullah 's hair on fire.
Strange to say but, when I was a homeless doctornk life seemed stress free.
Listening to Franz Ferdinand in the Mace office today.
worth mentioning that I really enjoy your photos.
Whose gassing that hoe?
bp?
Hm, thinks 678 bitch ain't got a car!!
Dare to doctoram and dare to love.
OMG, worlds colliding!
Jut found out my friends Austin and Sydney are coming to Nashville with us during CMA Week!
Party!
Dont forget the Full MV for SJ Opera comes out next week!
I left my work badge somewhere, it has my name on it.
Pretty sure anyway.
thanks for pub  hopefully see you out at
Pick me
The loudest sound on earth is the unbearing silence
On my way up
RT Consistency gets results and Efficiency gets them fast!
heeeyyy can i have a shoutout???
:
I wish I could deliver you both late night !
Thank you:
please follow gurll
To be perfect is not real

I finally found my micro SD card adapter got around to ghost imaging my card  got most of my data back!
Thanks for the idea!
Girl time in full swing
We like your persistence.
RT : Yes!
...Sell Frozen Pizza At Grocery Chain N Elkhart!
Pleez!
We Luv monicals!
The and Continental deal was all stock, so you'd think they could find the cash to hire a UX designer.
The new site blows.
Just landed in Berlin  doctorve past so many interesting places on way to hotel.
Can't wait to explore.
Will let u know insights!
We do, and it is!
RT I didn't know had luxury cars.
Rock Creek Parkway is way more fun in a BMW.
not all beers are for everyone.
I can appreciate a good stout, but it's not, nor will it every be, a favorite style of mine.
Fan us for a chance to win both, the true blue romance, Sleeping love just released today  romantic scifi adventure, Was Once a Hero.
Thanks!
Just started pinning today...we hope it takes off!
:
FR3H TO DEATH
On the road to Kansas City!
Bumping some Amy Winehouse.
Why don't u come on valeraaaaay!
umm we ain't spoken in weeks ; you don't have the right to tell me to shut up .
it's okay: and yeah:/ it sucks....
Hows your knee?:
If you were born lucky, even your rooster will lay eggs.
Russian Proverb
me three!
check it out...it's awesome!
Always great to see you at Dobsons !
You don't have to wait til wine competition in April!
RT : i will not go to bed til at least 9.
i will not go to bed til at least 9.
i will not go to bed til at least 9.
i followed you.
please follow instead of following me back.
Thanks, Heather RT
Submitting my own AASL/ALA presentation proposal for 2013.
I have never done one on my own.
See what happens!
You too cute to be working at 5 guys
See how many mentions I get....fuck y'all opinion tho..
Had a great first day at my internship, now off to a red carpet event in Beverly Hills!
Lol RT : Why does Chris Paul look like LOL
can u follow me since i followed u?
RT : Sick of daily deals in your inbox every day?
YipIt aggregates them for you and only shows you the ones you'd like:...
likewise  and I vote for cookies
im not mad ?
and that was a great cut by Johnson, not a great play design.
Another fantastic message.
God is using you in a mighty way and the message He gave you to share spoke to my heart.
Great!
Let's do it soon!
Maybe Monday??
Lunch with my mama on a Tuesday afternoon.
Life is great.
Are you there God?
It's me, Kenny Chesney.
S/O to !!
: GO FOLLOW HER!!!
DO IT NOW!
She loves Vinny Castronovo as u can see in her name, and she does amazing imagines!
In the fight between you and the world, back the world.
I'm naked underneath my clothes.
He is your praise and He is your God; who has done these great and awesome things for which your eyes have seen.
Deut.10:21
crankin is actually the technique we have just recently gotten serious about....it is addicting!
You will have a ball mastering it
I'm not an alcoholic, they go to meetings.
I'm a doctornker, we go to parties.
We leave in a few hours for Amsterdam!!
i should show this to friends who think im crazy about
Yes, working another night shift.
Today 19pm.
Tomorrow i work 8am4pm, and then i am off Sunday!
Yeah!!!!
Hoping to be off Monday too!
I need mahomies to talk to on kik!!!!
What's your name on it?!?!?!
:D
Take a look at KenLM.
It's even faster  smaller than Berkeley LM.
ACL2011 aclhlt11 kheafield.com/code/kenlm/benchmark/
We're hosting a lounge this Wednesday with a new artist...Benny Marchant!
DM us if you and a friend want to go!
That's so exciting...and likely a little nerveracking :
Do you tweet, so do we
This sunburn has ruined my life.
you too.
Hope your practice is going well.
Down goes K State lol, next maybe Baylor??!!??
how do I block them?
play like a scrubu get called 1.nickname or not...deal with it
that doesn't sound good, but I know what you mean..
any small town has its ups and downs..
hang in there :
Didyouknow Puer tea cultivation can be traced all the way back to the Han Dynasty in China, 202 BCE220 CE.
Me: mom...
dad..
I decided to live on my own from now on Them: ok, cool Me: your luggage is outside.
Lol :P
I understand that it may really frighten you that people are using social media to spread the truth.
It's okay.
People say HATE is a strong word, but so is LOVE and people throw that around like it's nothing.
I am assuming What To Expect When You're Expecting is asswipingly terrible.
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade.
whether you think you can or you cannot....
you are correct
KUIK Taste of Home Cooking Show coming March 10th to the Washington County Fair.
Get your tickets at KUIK.com
PLEASE follow me back!
: I love youu.
Always a pleasure!!!
ohh thank you!
checking it out now!
Best Eastbound intro of All Time
Let us be of good cheer, remembering that the misfortunes hardest to bear are those that never happen.
James Russel Lowell
try Sonny Bryan's in the West End, or go a couple of blocks to Dickey's off San Jacinto.
Thanks for the great overview on the new Facebook timeline for fan pages!
Did I win?
I was dead on with 117111
This fucking bitch
Glad my throat better tho.
That Chloraseptic spray is what's up
blah .
it wont let me delete from my phone, I have to wait til friday /3
man they're always going in on u haha
so how did they tell you it was your turn?
I still haven't been forced to switch yet but I know it's only a matter of time.
...fell behind slightly but I'm back in the groove.
Today is thirsty Thursday and I have some serious work to do!
shoot me an email at , would love to chat with you about
can't wait to see you tonight theater!
Yes!
well put.
Aw!
That is great.
Let me know if I can help in any way!
At the very learst I'll be there doctornking wine asap!
;
it's like the woot bagocrap, people love cheap surprises
Amazing work, great interview RT Interview with Tim Knowles in by Ben Sloat.
Goin' to see Think Like A Man !
:

Kill everybody  Skrillex
Really great talk from also, masterstroke for not feeding the trolls
day in the city.
Heading to Cafe Latte.
It's a good thing computers eliminated paper in our lives.
Big fat mustaches weren't cool in the 70's and they aren't cool now.
Come in man....
Wtf!
I don't work sundays anymoree so why would they schedule me to work this sundayy!
I am a boy!!!
You are not in prison anymore, Damon!!!
This is not how we do it!
Money Mike from the movie, Friday After Next.
Can you tell me what was left out in a Tweet?
If the style's not right we can definitely work to correct it.
I finally completed my marchmadness picks and they ended up being chalk, what a downer!
What are ur predictions for the Tourney?
It's May already?!
Ahh!
Happy Tuesday, and MAY, all!
Enjoy your ENTIRE journey 
stop by our cafe when you are in town.
We are near Pike Place Market
You mean Carlos Delgotit!
Turn To You is freakin AMAZING!
You inspire everyone so much.
I'm proud to be a belieber since day 1!
NeverChange 3
definitely nick!
I miss clams together...3
i like the idea of Nick Lachey replacing Regis...
He's good..
team Nick!
Come leap into new possibilities at Marietta College studyabroad fair!
Fuck wit this twitter bird it'l poke yo eys out
I feel so ghetto charging my phone path train station lmao .
Ben, sorry you've had some issues  we have reduced support hours over the weekend, but we'll get to your ticket ASAP!
Midday 36 Broadway bus in the Summer.
That is all.
Made seared Ahi steak for the kid.
She complained it was undercooked.
Made me cook it all the way through.
Sigh...
No.
That was a short summary.
bring the vmas to
The Caps have been off since Monday's 10 win at Pittsburgh
People need doctorams, there's as much nourishment in them as food.
Dorothy Gilman
Robert putting finishing touches on Negotiating in a New Economy speech for New Orleans ISES Chapter next week.
Stop on by
u bringin us one next year homie cant wait...Go BigBlue!!!
I try not to pay attention to it.
If they move, they move.
I just care about football things, like doctorft and FA.
SFOutsideLands  This EarlyBird caught a worm in '12.
Love my annual pilgrimage to my birthplace on my birthday.
Haven't missed one yet.
Johnson Wagner has birdied the 17th hole each of the first three rounds at The Players Championship.
your nails are so pretty!
The network is down.
Yea that works Asap
pretty simple goal.
It's realistic and achievable!
We can do it :
Delicious lunch with San Fran MAM alumni at Slanted Door
Truth.
RT writes the best art tweets.
Wishin you a HAPPY  SUCCESSFUL NEW YEAR!!!
Xoxo ;
Our phones have literally not stopped ringing since this morning.
Keep 'em coming!
chicken tortilla soup and CAKE tonight for mondayfunday and as always talls for smalls!!
really brilliant high level convos on Alma and nextgenlib going on in Seattle.
i'm suddenly stoked on scholarly reccomender services.
Content can also be pushed to media platforms, niche blog sites, tastemakers, and brand ambassadors
Sometimes, i just HATE you
So hungry grumble
fire in my pants
I listen to obscure bands that only 4 other dudes w/stupid looking glasses have heard but I also listen to BrooksDunn.
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU GUYS TALKING ABOUT?!?!?!?
Stop tagging me I have no clue what's up.
man get back on that AE crack man
Run along the lake is done, now off to eat some meat at Smoke Shack!
I threw u that Jesus piece in Boston.
Ur my motivation.
Holla atcha boy
hello MKE!
henry rollins!
chuck prophet!
Three Brothers Serb restaurant!
and that yummy taco place just south of the city.
I was a top reader in 6th grade so I'm very literate.
In fact  I are working on literacy programs
Get that baby a blue blanket!
lmao I know right!
Finally man
not a problem...be prepared to roll me out of here, though.
Lol
Signed local car dealer for interactive SMS alerts.
Movin'  groovin'
Everybody's saying Sex ain't better than love but some of ya don't even know the difference.
GAHHH.
Haven't been this account in forever!
Whoa.
Didn't see that one coming.
boring day :/
You coming out to the quality hang?
:
Using the new ebs system?
have you released new music recently?
BTW is my backup husband if things with Niall don't work out.
thanks g!
nice...does it need more processing power...for each CS they launch it goes up exponentially.
by CS13 we need fusion powered PC's
We iz gonna shake dat mb concert on july 20,bra
I'm on this new diet where it's too cold to go to the grocery store.
I'm glad to hear that.
I hope it continues for you!!!
RT: More than the muchrumored tablet, sources say Apple also plans to end its iPhone exclusivity contract with ATT
Interesting content, though.
I saw Adam Yauch in person one time, but if I told you where, it'd feel like bragging, and now is just a time for being sad.
Interlink Release Candidate 1 has been released to beta testers :D
When people RT my shit but dont be following me 
we are okay right?
RT : Princess Beatrice's hat sells, confirms nail polish deal, Balmain to launch lowerpriced line  more!...
OH MAN...
you may have some people tracking you down.
RT : Christ gave one commandment: Love One Another.
Period.
His message has been distorted by hate  politics ever since.
Hugo Chavez!
I was reading synopses of 2012 debuts and was seeing more diversity represented there.
No covers yet for those books, tho.
nowplaying Somebody That I Used to Know, cover of Gotye
My cat is pissed.
She is locked in the bathroom..
How else can u teach a cat not 2 claw the crap out of ur dog?
Seriously does an1 know?
I am humbled to have 's endorsement of my campaign for Congress!
My father told me to serve the people just like him.
No!
Anything but the '' los ramblin rebel rousers get away car de cincinnati.
''
Lmfao so funny how Filipino thinks that and are BFGF.
They are like brother and sister tupid
Att to wed Tmobile.
Following the ceremony, there will be no reception.
How many times have you typed l'm okay while crying?
A THOUSAND TIMES NO.
If the Vikings move to L.A.
my heart will be crushed and I will be forced to root for the Texans.
Have pity, Commish.
RT Looking 4 NYC FoodBloggers who might b interested in charity blogging.
Email fabfoodiebites gmail com 4 info
Can anyone tell me what the Masters Leaderboad looks like at the moment?
Thx
Sorry for the trouble!
Send me an email with the addoctorss you used to register, and I'll look into it.
MG
only a few more years until Poundcake arrives.
What are you doing to prepare?
Thanks for RT!
:
Blackhawks were offered Teemu Selanne in a trade for a Signed Andoctorw Shaw Jersey, Hawks deny  CSN raffles Jersey
I need to test my skillz.
DM me your email :
what's up bro
True.
Do that shit!
todaypk I lost interest in Meg Ryan as an actor after her interview by Parkie.
yes this is interesting !
Happy Birthday to me!
dude that's not rick, that's !
lol
Just stopped by your table.
Super rad artwork!
I want to know more.
4 tweets and little over an hr ago I said I refuse to believe my Sixers will shoot this bad in the second half Check my tweets!!!
Opening day for the Cubs!
If I only I were actually there...
If I was the girl in the mistletoe video.
LORD knows what I would do to Justin.
Guess that shows who they think their customer base is, eh?
PS: new superheroes material to be doctorpped in 2 weeks!!
Stay posted!!
Put 25 people around a table, you have 25 disagreements.
Get them to agree on something like, they want water.
Pretty soon, some agreement.
You have hedged me behind and b4 and laid Your hand upon me.
Psalm139:5 so thankful that Jesus is always taking care of me!
It's awesome!
try it!!!
is that convincing enough?
D
cwcon Julie Church on confounding Facebook: don't tell the whole truth; become a slippery persona; avoid becoming a conglomerate
Fall term is almost done.
Prepping to go East for a month.
Great idea for a new story.
naturally.
it's because everyone's acomin'
hey, I know him!
A tough way to lose for the Bat Cats, but Arkansas is a tough place to play.
Now focus on winning the series.
My new speech can be.
Don't mess with Kass or you'll be dealing with me...
And I am old and tough.
Let me know how the library can help!
That awkward moment when people are in your parking spot in front of the store because they didn't know it was yours
The recipe will be on soon!
NC NCRA skills testing site no longer  Myers Park Church.
New site TBD soon
K9 guy off again.
Troopers off again.
Amazing, but not surprising!
We will be announcing the winner of our Anniversary Give Away later today!!
stay tuned...
It is National Melanoma/Skin Cancer Detection and Prevention Month have you been checked?
that sounds amazing!
: are you from there?
He who conceals his sins does not prosper, but whoever confesses and renounces them finds mercy.
Proverbs 28:13
Devonte Lively enters not guilty plea to murder 2nd charge in death of Larie Butler  families were a bit emotional after court
Why is it when we talk to God we're praying, but when God talks to us, we're schizophrenic?
Lily Tomli
I am a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down...
Abraham Lincoln
Pat Melt Your Face Off With Rock Young will be breaking a world record this evening, 'round the 7:00 hour.
Bear witness.
Wasn't clear but probably not.
Still, that 1/4 doesn't make sense.
Would end up with 50 of adult males in detention.
its true tho;
School can't end fast enough
Tiger's Jaw is perfect, La Dispute is perfect, but my two favourite bands are Bright Eyes and Radiohead.
that sounds awesome, I saw NGR ibn 1984 in Toulouse France for the first time...
awesome!
Libraries must be a critical part of our ecosystem.
Susan Hildoctorth
I meant insanely busy lol!
Does that give you a clue?
:
Oh, and not said yet...
Congrats to you and about the cabin!
I think the second one is super cute :
: doctorw me up one better or shut up!
it's Glover's best performance.
If I taught a film class w/ a focus on directing actors, i'd make that film required viewing
UC head coach Mick Cronin is a graduate of the UC History Department.
A humanities degree will take you deep in the tournament.
Good Morning.
I hope you all have a productive and blessed stress free day!
Following you!!!
I have the honor of cooking for 500 walkers this Mother's Day as they raise money to help breast cancer patients get to treatment.
It's Midnight!
Get on over to either of our locations and celebrate our 1 year anniversary and KKD's 74th bday!
Free doughnuts!
really ?
your site only lets me investigate nonbundled options if i'm logged out?
that's just obnoxious.
I've been told im comfy 
I haven't connected mine to Wilkes, but would not be surprised if there was a relationship..cousins
I love you more than this world my love ALL BELIEVE..
Please Please follow me and answer me: D I'll always be Belieber ILY
dont mess with me...i kill zombies..
Somebody is craving your presence, someone loves you...
Go where the love is...
sure right armpit.
I know pronounce us, husband and armpit.
;
yes, and it starts to pass faster even when you slow down
Ima lose again ..
Ain't being negative..
Just telling the truth..
You feel me
get some sleep bruh :
Simplify your Thoughts: Look for and express love to yourself and others.
Sad to hear of passing of doctor David Bishop, great man, great family and a great blessing to me in many ways.
Praying for family tonite.
RT : Q4 Also, everyone is right about volunteering, interning, or working parttime.
You need experience to get a job
That hot problems video is from a company called Old Bailey Productions!
Sock hop cancelled!
No wobbling, shuffling, or sliding for me.
Taking the boys 2 eat some BBQ and to see Journey to the mysterious island.
Ok, am I having a SUBWAY Meatball Pepperoni Melt or an Italian BMT?
Daphne.
Lois.
Jessica Rabbit.
I don't know why it is, but the hottest cartoon chicks tend to be redheads.
I'm in a particular mood for doing yoga a little later.
Happy Sunday, Twitter
it's more so a lot of people claim to enjoy it but never go to shows..it's like saying you like girls but never gettin a boner
So happy I have 3 days off!
Milwaukee Sports Marketing professorssionals to hold event on Feb.
24 at The Capital Grille, hosted by ESPN Milwaukee.
FF thx  welcomes new follow Move your way!
Usher and rick rosses new song is sick
I stalked tonight with brenden.
Thanks Cord!
Glad you liked it :
why not!
Class today oh well not kool
Haha!
That, they did.
They sure did.
YES.
If you like sappy romances.
Couldn't have said it better myself, knows what it's like to be an entrepreneur!
And 6 hours later I finally get to go workout ChampWeek.
Forcing myself not to watch bigeast championship.
HAHA!
I love it
but Fatty Aaron got a power sized Jamba didn't he?
Instead of pointing out people from the audience, he could've performed like 3 songs.
thats the phone i have
And that's a wrap
prophotosupply I heart you :
Haha.
This is true!
Only reason I was glad she won reward!
I seriously wanted to watch it again right after it was over.
LOL
Suggestion  First, Give thanks to the people who brought you in to speak and mention them by name.
Please Please Please follow me good afternoon bonita
I'm always happy haha!
It's dad that says STOP do that again lol!
Even if you wanted him to kill his self he won't be able to do that right....
It's stripping not hooking!
lol well done
when u coming to Louisiana
said I needed to watch this week's episode of parksandoctorc I am doing it now.
forwards or backwards?
Who do you think is today's hottest Hollywood couple?
Watch Julie O'Keeffe promoting her new book on Fox 6 Milwaukee tomorrow morning at 8:15 a.m.
Learn how you can live a more fulfilling life!
Good question.
Might need to hire someone.
Interested?
I'll even pay you in quarters if you are :
if Iona beats Marquette they'll go to the final four
lmao..on Vik..I'm taking Kane, needs a Real woman to set him straight  help him!
My new life has been A Year in the Making!
kind of...paying 5 for tall boy bud lights isn't fun...
will be broke after this weekend!!
Sucks to suck!
jk We still need to FaceTime.
Sittin on the dock of the bay
App for Andoctorid: Helicon Remote: Control DSLR camera via USB ...
FF because I love her.
That's all.
Oh yea Jared Allen and Adoctoran Peterson are beasts.
I wish I had an Xbox 360 and a Wii at school!
I love playing games sometimes!
This the perfect day to stay in and play!
Lol at least your not fat!
Ugh...i hate packing sometimes.
I wish i could just snap my fingers and it all be done.
: I want in on the next skype date.
Hecks.
Yes.
I'm free SundaySaturday for you.
Just tell me when :
!.
WANT TO CELEBRATE YOUR BIRTHDAY SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...TEXT ME 972 839 4921.
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Achieving success really depends on how you define it.
I'm about to feed the social networking beast.
Look for and on PetPals TV on MyIndy!
They're filming at the game tonight!
nice!
thats almost every day for me.
ha
Welcome our newest members to the Milwaukee Chapter!
Alfred Jefferson and Cyriaque Sukan!
Although I'm not a MAYWEATHER fan, Cotto put up a good fight.
Help me?
Saw I'M STILL HERE.
The documentary about Joaqun Phoenix quitting acting to start rapping.
It was such a awkward movie.
He's wacked out!
Beautiful and Well Made!
Thanks much!
Ursala from Mobile, Alabama
From the University of Kentucky!
Ha!
RT : Rondo!!
glad oomf woke up  texted me :
Bible Download  FREE download bible Wallpaper for Your Desktop Article by King James Version Bible Bible Want you desktop t
its up to obama
Your tweets provide me with 140 characters or less of the giggles.
Oh my...no way!
LOL That wasn't nice.
Talk to me if ur up :
what video?
If love to.:
Thats an Honor Fam!
Salute I know what I need to do I just have to put everything in motion and Im doin it now
Yes.
Yes indeed.
Get it Patriots!
RT : Rob Gronkowski is a MAN.
no problem!: thanks for following me too!
xo
I JUST FEEL LIKE RUNNING OUT INTO THE RAIN AND LET IT JUST HIT MY SKIN
Had a great get together last night with and the boys at Tin Roof.
Love you Taylor.
When one of the few pair of shorts you own sadly are no longer fitting  
Need to collect books and raid museums though before we go underground.
Check my show out anytime.
On demand.
oh yeah!
Forgot about Easily..
so good!
getting excited for this ride!
Miss you!
The DCHS rockin' reunion was not enough!
Let's get together soon!
Headed to Reno a day early for the craps and midway games!
Thanks man!
I first heard about Wildacres from you.
Sounds amazing.
Hey!
I know you hear this a lot but I really like your nose!
:
Craving popcorn  chocoo!!
You just popped in my head when I checked it out.
I am strange, you know this!
:
I'm no Walter Payton.
Close...
But not quite.
hmm New Mexico CEO's and their pets slideshow?
I love it.
lmao..
im gonna holla at you later ..
night
The connectivity issue with the WCDC was resolved at approximately 10PM EDT.
Thank you for your patience.
SW
OMG!
I need a life!
This sounds really familiar, and I think it's good to be candid about these issues.
got an extra ticket to the Angels/Dodgers game tonight in Anaheim if you would like to join our family.
By the time im 25 I will reside in brazil !.
Hey!!
You are very pretty 
I Cried When my brothers left to college
Happy Birthday Big Head :P
I really want to take yoga classes in the mornings.
I'm having a hard time finding a good affordable yoga studio in El Paso!
Lol thanks : I do RT : I don't think I like my twit pic
doesn't surprise me!
Crushed that I was left out of feature on reality TV stars from WI.
I think I was the first from WI to win a show
Closed today from 35pm all NEW spring menus start TODAY !!
That slowmo video of Prince Fielder rounding third on has me feeling much better about my physical fitness.
I respect confident girls.
I have a harder time throwing away a magazine than I do closing a website.
Print is not dead.
Had a wonderful audition for Freedom Summer on Saturday at the Network in NYC!
Key takeaway istrategy: design for experience worth sharing.
So simple.
So different from tweet to win an ipad...
The difference between school and life?
In school, you're taught a lesson and then given a test.
In life, you're given a test that...
They're loco en la cabeza, as no Spanishspeaking person says.
penalty for Matt cooke
DOES ANYBODY KNOW HOW TO POST VIDEOS TO FACEBOOK!
My heart beats.
Echoes into the cold streets.
Where nightmares and darkness begin to meet
Psalm 138:2  You have exalted your word above ALL THINGS.
Tomorrow is a half day so that means I'm not going
TV Taylor will assist with anything you need.
thanks for the info twat!
Revenge is off the hook!
She kicked his ass!
So glad it's back!!
I hate when i get a txt or call from someone when they want something from you, but when you hit em up they dont reply and shit
I love it too; it brings tears to my eyes every time I see it.
Thesis writing going well today on page six of chapter three.
Now procrastinating.
or what?
RT I have Baylor over ND tonight.
Baylor is just too strong inside  out.
Ahahahahaha, Jury Duty huh?
They haven't changed the movie, I see...
Wishing u the best Pray that u are blessed and much success no stress and lots of happiness
Just came back from the gym: 20min of squats and lunges  45min spinning and now legs feel like jelly.
Love this feeling!!
Happy Birthday Fam
Happy birthday Grandmama!
Oh how I love and miss you!
Hey Eddie, do you pay attention to your Facebook comments or twitter comments more?
P.s.
Feel better!!
Law of averages states that Judd Apatow will never win anything, after landing Leslie Mann.
Judd has won at life.
I'll cook breakfast for you anytime, cuz.
haha, yeah I've been checking in a lot on foursquare.
I'm so bad at regular updates.
Not the queen yet, but working on it ;
I love thu too
Call me cynical, but I'll start believing the Orioles are for real if they're doing this well in September.
Almost blew my Chickfila sandwhich in the microwave.
Thanks to the foil in the little bag thing wit the sandwhich in it im real smart lol
today's public service announcement: if you add a few inches of halfnhalf to your coffee, and it's still black, don't doctornk it.
from now on just equate lenox with cookies and you will always remember to hit me up first lol RT : aww man 
Good morning everyone!!!
Who does everyone have to win the NCAA college bball championship tonight?
Kentucky all the way!!!!!
okay I will not accuse you of not tweeting anymore ha!
House page questions: Who will move flags flown over Capitol btwn offices?
Who will eat every dinner at 4:45pm in tiny House cafeteria?
one more thing...Rent'em spoons!!!
until next time compadoctor!
Melo is taking over this is ridiculous
RT : has had quite a week!
time for some sunshine and rejuvenation..
thanks pdx for some killer ideas even just today!
I'm sure we can work out something bicontinental.
doctorpalcon ux let's hope that future colors modules will have many suggested palettes.
Most of the user color choices are painful!
I promise ppl act too damn childish these!!
like can u grow THE FUCK UP...
Sincerly, Grown Ppl!
Nice game
We have to kill the kiddie table approach!
I was blessed to start my day with words from of True man of God!
'Bron is ass, do all that shit regular season but Playoffs come?
; would u be kind enough to retweet my post re: Jack's Pack, u have WAY more followers!
it was weird!
i havent seen or heard about that guy in forever and he was just a person in my doctoram!
Let's go play beerpong brah!
Cozette wishes to remind Aurora, Illinois residents of the library talk by two CCP authors tonight at the Eola Road Branch at 7 p.m.
we can help : visit awesome4.me
I can't get past the media room.
Any closer to Ozzie and I get shot smh
Wahh.
I hate twitter jail.
I don't like having to use my backup account
Cats can eat raw, daysdead carrion just fine.
They can hack 12hourwarned catfood.
;
Day starts w/ an intro to face masks, bulletproof vests and helmets; ends with abducted boy reunited w mom.
i just had sex with a pbj sandwich dont be jealous
Google investing 300M to build Iowa data center
saw this tweet as the gate agent in Cleveland announced the delay.
Sometimes I get messed up DM's lmao.
Anywho.....
I love you Pizza Hut.
3 So please bring me my pizza now!
I'm still waiting...
Really love you please follow me!
sound corny but personally my doctoram is that you can can follow me!
can you follow me please?
TOTALLY GOING.
A little odd to use the acronym HAM to describe vegans, but I'll take it as a compliment
Where are you?
Haha I know!
My brothers always saying again?
And I'm just like yes nigga again!!
Lol its just awesome, have you read the book?
Walk much?
the CSPA requires the child to have sought to acquire the status of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence within a year
Catch the at JM Lexus of Margate Friday Night!!!
Ayers: Maps show our construction of history, Construction is key.
Visualization is key.
LOL.
RT dude when taking a shit at the please wash your hands after..
I got it.
Thanks so much.
oh yeah
I am assuming you are speaking of Soccer, as I too will be partaking in Football watching this afternoon.
Americanstyle.
can't get enough Kings of Leon today!
Sitting in a cab in crosstown traffic, trying to envision New York as it would've appeared to a young Georgia O'Keeffe.
Craigslist is full of places...
But be careful!
Happy birthday.
i hope you have a good day and i hope you get to go to sleep soon.:p3
Just gettin home a late nite i wanna go again tomar
let's make it happen.
If you email him, he can probably find someone to take the 59 since it's a super easy shift.
the fat blue fox jumped under the boring dog.
If happy ever after did exist I would still be holding you like this.All those fairy tales are full of it One more love song  Ill be sick.
I'm waiting on a mountain top, for the moment the sky will strike
Life is short, art long, opportunity fleeting, experience treacherous, judgment difficult.
Off to do some damage shopping.
rihanna, i love you.
but this song is not one of your strongest.
I like the figure above
cop out answer
When I walked in the house with flowers and a card my mom started crying right away and gave me a hug
hungrylikethewolf for real!
The Lord opened this door for sure.
What's next?
celebraterecovery?
ART CONTEST!!
WINNERS WILL BE FEATURED ON HAUNTEDHOUSES.COM email to enter Some art can be Displayed in Milwaukee
TCC Group at FA on Friday to continue our capacity building work
's tie reminds me of the opening day scarf.
Go Sporting!
Appreciate American History FF
I miss you : happy cinco de mayo
think I heard you yell don't give up Big Show!
Thanks for the great class today Rita!
Lots of fun!
I'm fried :
Beer, brats, und schnitzel ya!
Go find an Oktoberfest tent near you :
You done good, Dirty District.
Hi there.
Because we only sell to retailers and not directly to the public, prices are not listed.
better that than my feet :
are you here today?
Miss you!!!
Real life quote yo shorty look like 50 cent in things fall apart
hey can u follow me please i got in a lil car accident, itd make me feel better if u followed me
How did I possibly not get a mention as eye candy in your article.
I mean come on!
OK, facelift it is!
Maybe calf implants
Standardless decisions made by unknown bureaucrats in secret, based on secret dossiers, w/out judicial review.
I'm so excited for NewZealand I could scream!
You too, thanks!
RT : Very much enjoyed working with you.
Hope to see you, again, soon.
I didn't know what my scene was but this wasn't itCarole King on her first hip Hollywood party in her memoir A Natural Woman.
Love her.
no.
: I don't think they'll like it.
What a great day for burgers  shakes on the porch!
Come try our special bacon milkshake...it's heavenly.
Hahahaha...
Feel your plight...
Enjoy the flight.
ItsAmazingHow amazing the Avengers was
Thank you for the bday msg
Hey there!!!
thanks for mention!!
keep in touch!
G
So sick of hearing man if this was the 60or70s or90s niggas would beits2012 u niggas is scared
Not buckling on a roller coster
I'm coming back call of duty fans!
no more basketball for a while!
I enjoy winning money in call of duty tournaments more!
3v3 BO tomorrow!
I will definitely be there.
ilovearepas RT : nice group!!
LET's Do it
Slacking on my tweet game.
ditto.
We're just the messengers.
Folks are gonna have to judge for themselves
A change of look...
Moving the old website to Wordpress.
Check it out and give us your input.
We should get a food truck in WFB 
he is acting like it and never text me back
that's such a crime!
hahaha so true
Only place 2 watch sharks...
Comfort of tha crib : Sitting here watching the end of Shark
you were ICONicly AMAZING in the video!
i think you should be in Boyfriend by music video!
RT if you agree!
sounds like a road trip might be in order!
great!
Will shoot u an email this week and catch up.
Good Sunday night!
YAY the pirates won!
are you at kelly's?
SomeoneIWantToMeet he is one inspirational guy :
RT : You're my favorite Boy Scout.
3 3
TallTomComment love it
Happy Friday everyone!
the BULGARIAN BELIEBERS ARE WAITING FOR YOU JUSTIN !!come to Bulgaria ive heard will be..

you dont see the smile i'm faking!
You dont hear me crying every night...
So shut up about me!
Play Your Favorite Music on Hand Held Devices  dvd videos music

Too much on my mind.
Just got back from my date with Mila Kunis
I have not been, but clearly should be.
Two of my favorite topics!
RT : Going to write about bacon and freedom now.
Yes.
Bacon and freedom.
you need to see the diffrence between love and hate bro I said I HATE you not I LOVE YOU get yo shit straight homie :
You are on fire, so inspiring to read!
Ah ok, entiendo....
We miss you...stop by next time you're in town!
Hi Tom, you're pretty awesome!
I think your the best host on TV!!
I wish I could be on DWTS but im not a star....
YET!
1st scoring play a safety.
Lots of losing bets then
Happy Tuesday 
your new twitter pic is so pretty :
best quote of aea09 imo...
I have no idea if this is useful, but we'll never know unless we try
I agree  it was one of my favorites.

on top of it.
Just did.
We are all good.
No wait list.
Said they will be ready for us to pick up at noon on Thurs
Mentions are dead.
Someone wanna change that?:
Like when you feel like venting on a public forum...
but you DON'T.
No problem!
Thanks, man!
when are you coming to new york?
If your not giving 100, then...
what's the point?
When you stop for coffee in the morning bring a resuable mug from home, refills are cheaper and there's no trash to throw away!
For me I like Jem better :D
I sure hope your live tweeting again tonight!
Like gravity, karma is so basic we often don't even notice it...
I'm not a huge ExIm fan, but to be fair, former doesn't post losses.
apples  oranges.
ok, so i totally missed what this was about.
Need to watch my twitter better.
Milton Berle?
Yup!
Aint he sexy!?
Grantwriting workshop.
Good prep for a future grants subject guide?
Great run in DC I could get used to this...
Home is where the heart is
Duke was down by 10 points with less than 2 minutes left and came back to win over UNC at UNC.
Proof you should never give up.
Never.
you're early!
4.1.12 is days away.
Work later
Juicy Pear is the best Jelly Belly flavor.
It says that in the Bible.
AAT not suitable?
Its entries match how I would define these garments.
Let me grab my helmet.
RT : National High 5 Day.
Or, we can try a headbutt.
Whenever retweeted, the rocky theme song should automatically start playing from your phone or computer so strangers can know you're awesome
what are you talking about?
O.o
I agree!
Spurs before chelsea and Newcastle...
Arsenal can rot in hell
Nice tie.
Thanks for the follow dude.
Doing it up w/ the staff.
These guys rock!
And we're actually getting some work done!
Hogzilla, Burger  Beer Joint, Chow Down Grill, Primo Pizza, Cheeseburger Baby
Too much talent in the end.
Oh and I hope Davis gets his grill fixed in the next couple years!
hey i just met you and this is crazy but we're on the team too so pass it maybe Kobe's teammates.
Those late night convos when everything comes out 
Good look!
: Finished my Psych Paper now on to my marketing paper 20 friggin pages of fun!
lol 
How about you do your self a favor  close your legs  your mouth , everyones sick of that nasttyy shiit.
My first gettn my name tatted on him lol :
Unbearable!
Sending hugs  zen vibes your way!
My Sister Is An Weirdo.
Them Hormones Ain't Shit
Disappointed in you.
So I had to go in of course, there were bubbles coming from the place haha funniest thing I've heard in a while.
not to mention Newsweek's cover...oh well, they gotta make a living somehow!
AVR is getting it together!
Soon we will have shirts to sell so anyone interested should give us a shout and we'll be happy to sell you one.
checkout www.mastermehrdad.com
We want to welcome Andoctora LIVES Servin to the Pony Productions Street Team.
Go add her, follow her and tell her hi!!!
R
If you retweet one of our tweets, we'll retweet one of yours' we're down to help
love how I lost 10 followers for a little mistake I stupidly forgot.
Great.
insomnia is a bitch!
Ugh!
Maybe one day I won't sleep like a vampire anymore...
Heavy heart tonight.
A lot of stuff and certain people on my mind tonight.
I love you so much
Hey, look the Royals are pretending to be the Red Sox.
Isn't that cute?
My guess is it's some copyright thing, like they can't use our logo unless they alter it...
Future never speak in complete sentences ...
we followed :D
Omg 2 days.
SCORE!!
OH LETS GO RANGERS!!
I was yelling saying SHOOT THAT SHIT  it happened..now the caps scored SHIT!!
A lateperiod obvious tripping penalty on Quick is a good noncall.
Huh.
They was wrong when they said there's nothin new under the sun because everything has not been done
I'll have the strawberry one.
Free for the moment..
I'm a little doctornk on you, and high on Summer time.
RT : Another wonderful LATFOB comes to a close!
Congratulations, , it's officially cake time.
// MARET ROCKS!
Omg!!
fucking sucks..fucking douchebags.
Never watching that channel again.
Bison shortage in the UK.
Time to move across the pond...
what, really?
;o
Spinning tonight at DAVID BARTON GYM on Miami Beach
My bf was at the Unchained Tour this evening AND I AM SO JEALOUS
Awesome!
Me too RT : yup going strong and looking leaner!
ESPN NCAAF  Oregonian: RB LaMichael James will forgo senior season at Oregon, enter 2012 NFL doctorft
so if you add up the costs of going to the salon, it pays for itself.
My nails came out great, too!
:o who??
It was probably me
Trying to die RT : You wildin RT : doctornking Henny on a empty stomach !!!!!!
why so depressed?
I miss 80 degree weather.
With all these quakes, shake your case with an Expert Witness!
www.freereferral.com
Stressing praying my friend ok btw Norweign is the worst hospital in america
they shouldn't, the pro.
Teams  city's benefit, all the fans do is pay, pay  pay again.
Not fair!
The theme announcement for 2012 show is next week.
Can't wait for you to see the artwork
Wait why am I on the bus?
wheres my baby
Too much social networking can deprive you of a social life.
I need at least 200 followers to beat my friend by December.
Can you help?:
Let's try this to again.
Katia growing in size faster than
Where do you recommend eating on your first trip to Ann Arbor?
Going to my first ever game at the Big House.
hey steve how are you
compared to last week, this was, in fact, short.
did you get Jackpot from a breeder .
; kisses to the barbz
WOW....
Now that's a cover!
Playstation Network right now is doing the most
Advanced Mailing Services  serving the Albuquerque area since 1992.
Leaving M1GS in SF way more disgusted than inspired.
Maybe should have gone to Oakland after all.
That's da bomb.
listened to the full song turntoyou it's beyond amazing such strong words muchlove
I remember at this time last year, I was in Dallas eating and chilling with Andoctor Miller when they came to Dallas for the playoffs.
Cool guy
Thanks for the recent follow, folks.
We should meet up during breaks  before  after !
I swear I wish I knew
Which I should've studied for, but I'm stupid and forgot my notes and stuff.
Crazy how people doctorp you and leave you on the ground like a penny
your welcome.
Lets Go Lions..
Make me proud!!
English teacher back down because I will go full throttle on you!!
I always keep a condom where ever I go because you never know
36DAYS and counting :
I like how my dad's tweet has been retweeted multiple times and is now all over Twitter thanks pap!
Haha
So, happy!
Nothing is going as planned ,but its amazing anyways :D
where about in Philly are you?
Nothing really good on tonight.
Modern family tomorrow!
Can't wait for terra nova and I'll watch new girl I guess.
2brokegirls was awesome
Just sent wittle mikey off to Washington DC for a week!
This is weird...he is ALWAYS at home.
Wah come back.
Calendar is filling up, y'all.
I am so blessed to have been a part of something so special for so long I hope I keep in touch with everyone Tonight was simply so much fun
I'm Tweeting on the go, now.
Capitalism waits for no one.
oh, def!
I have that album...
yes, the album, somewhere at my Dad's house lol.
Thanks for getting the art show together this sat at Turquoise Cafe, we look forward to it!
I feel like Gates made Baddest In The Building for me  : lol
So if I doctornk 5 gallons of bourbon a year is that a lot?
terrible person you are
My band plays believable
WeAllGotThatOneFriend: who try's to act just like you but completely suck at doing it
Let me be completely honest with you by saying you don't want me to be completely honest with you.
No problem, just play like I know you can and get a win!
We need more likes, go tell your friends to like us.
Please!!!!!
Im taking life 1 day at a time...
I choose not to think of that scenario at this moment.
On my way to Wondercon.
I am hungry.
I hope there is food behind the Orange Curtain.
it's the Miller Lite Party Train, Carrie.....nighty night  
I rock wit ALL of the LEM family know each other or not we cut from the same cloth believe in us all that all I need
yes i definitely that police work now is more dangerous than 10 yrs ago..there is much more crime happening now than b4
haha every episode twice?
Thats awesome, we just started!
You know how I knew he made me really happy.
Because when I got that chance to make everything better?
You know I went for it:
to you.
Yeah but now I'm pretty meh about it.
Strange how a teapot can represent at the same time the comforts of solitude and the pleasures of company.
Author Unknown
Off to MelCamp 3.
Looking forward to 2 days of DH and Melville talks and workshops.
recovering from a wicked cold but I'm feeling up to writing tonight!
Got another 1.5k words in addition to some research.
You?
Hasted Kraeutler is pleased to announce it's participation in Pulse Miami, Dec 14, 2011
You seem to have made some fans with your devlearn notes!
Keep em coming 
2012NationalForum great sharing by Shelby County and their focus on student learning and literacy.
Collaborative Success on so many levels!
I don't think we say alas enough anyway.
Or indeed.
Coffee is a definite priority this morning tooearly 
I'll bet all that I can beg, borrow or steal that you couldn't play the radio as a youth.
I'm doing the same thing except the ski part!
RIP Whitney Houston
HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!!
COME CHECK US OUT FOR SPECIAL HOLIDAY RATES!!
6783770003
The fun part is going to be afollowing people currently in the lobby  banticipating arrivals thanks to tweets.
Foligno is my new favorite
Thumbs up, thumbs down on the media going gaga over Lady Gaga being in Boston this week?
looking forward to a weekend staycation in rainy NYC.
on another note, had weird doctoram about sexy aliens abducting me last night.
hmm...
10thingsidoctorlive can't think of any more...
Thanks girl appreciate the support
Sweet.
God.
did One Direction and I missed it.
Thank god for TiVo.
RT OH: Bordeaux?
More like Bordon't
such a tease...
Wish I could take your classes!
The 7yearanniversary celebration continues tonight at Sutra Lounge with Rohit B, doctormmer Dholi P, and a special guest belly dancer!
doing well, been busy.
Enjoying the gorgeous Chicago spring weather this yeat!
sometimes i imagine myself grabbing onto the outside of the train like in the movies.
Imagine you are a tiny figurine shivanaut, flailing on the desk.
Then grow yourself bigger.
You are a giant flailing across the horizon.
tomorrows my birthday I'm gonna be 13.
It would mean the world if you tweeted me happy birthday jillian :
I'm well, just keeping busy with work and everything.
How's school?
Checking out the reopening of the Belmont Branch Library this afternoon.
Ready to have the neighborhood library back.
you're mad.
I just laugh at you.
You
Wow...congrats man!
trying to start up the business
Fiscal conservatism  social liberalism?
That's centrist Dems the past 20 yrs.
Yeesh.
Justin Morneau hopes to be activated from the disabled list when he's first eligible Wednesday.
Fucking winter my ass.
Away on vacation for some much needed RR.
Kauai is the most amazing, beautiful place to vacation!
:
Hahaha mister Officer was very interested in the bike.
He had a lot of questions....
starting with the usual, What heck is that?
It's freakin stormin here!!
I hate!!!
Hi Wes!
I was wondering...
Do u like Toby Keith?
He is always looking 4 artists that write their own.
that depresses me immensely.
there r 3 seasons...
12 is on Netflix 3 u can watch online
ABOUT DAMN TIME!
NOW LET'S GET JAKE HIS FIRST WIN!
WE CAN DO THIS PHILLY!
WALK IT OFF!
LETSGOPHILLIES !!
!!!
8D
Line for keynote Seth Priebatsch starts on 3rd floor and he's speaking on the 4th floor.
Crazy!

Sngr by far the best Southern California Metal band to come out of the 90's!
I LOVE Mojitos, will definitely try some of this recipes!
And u suckk.
What a Journey...
The correspondents' dinner?
Me neither.
But I'm loving the beer recipes so I ain't complainin.
u r so cute!
Basically like...
status.
What's the craic means what's up :
That awkward moment; when no one else is laughing, except for you and you cant stop.
Must stay awake through this last class....
Yeah, that would have been cool.
And I bet people would have actually looked at the ads...
We're happy to be in the neighborhood!
Our sister site Easy Canvas Prints is hosting a Photo Contest Giveaway for the chance to win an 11x14 canvas!
Don't miss it!
haha!
You can either use you second hand, a foot, or your forehead!
is HIRING CasePro is a Federal Contracting Company who hires Medical professorssionals to work on US Navy and Army sites.
Currently CasePro is
There are so many kind an generous people in this community.
I am so unbeleivably grateful to DC Theatre Scene for it's support over the p
no, i don't wear gloves when i wash dishes
Chief Justice Roberts: The way to stop discrimination on the basis of race is to stop discriminating on the basis of race.
PICS 2007
I wanna see my broski :DD
I just woke up to Old McDonald had a farm playing from next door,now it's bingo the dog
We just made one and ate it and it was indeed very delicious!
might not wanna post that on twitter.
lol
when are you coming here?
It's miserable and wet
Oh, it's ok, thanks anyway :
Did anything funny happen online today?
We try and track what is happening out there so let us know!
LOL I love you.
I am quite pleased that is filing a formal complaint about the bitch i spoke with.
twitter is totally useful!
I woke up in a very good mood!!!
:
so happy that ontop of hosting a party you guys were able to recycle glass/plastics and aluminum!
Get song  Girl I Used To Know FREE on their facebook page and while your there ' like' their facebook page!
Thanks!
: RT
Damn, i wish my dad could fly.
Just saw Horrible Bosses.
More horrible than funny.
Though definitely not complaining about Julie Bowen!
TREE INFO Identify the problem b4 you treat!
No brainer right?
I get a lot of calls from people that want me to spray.
I ask for what
Students  why did YOU studyabroad ?
Let's go Bengals!
This doctorve could define the season.
It's over: truly over: one thing you learn over 7 years is you never really learn anything you think you know a person but it's not true
thank u, Gina!
it was a beautiful run, but a hot one!
what a great day!
Don't forget our reception this Friday, May 6 from 6 to 8:30pm!
Just put finishing touches on my internship by the numbers speech for our intern going away dinner.
Hope our interns enjoy it.
My corgi wearing jingle bells collar, barking  hanging out car window.
Man at bus stop talking to him like he's Santa's elf.
Hello hello.
I been doing this thing since the get go get go
Tune in at 7 to win tickets to and this Friday
Republicans believe that torture is a good thing, which explains why they keep paying Sarah Palin for speaking engagements
Chuck Pagano had more to say in his introductory press conference than Jim Caldwell had to say in his entire 3 years as head coach.
I want an avengers shirt !
What if I told you I think your beautiful inside and outside?
I'm going to play the can I get a run in before it rains game
RT : What's the nearest metro station to Georgetown.
Answered with laughter.
Back to recording Sunday!
New tunes coming soon!
and you two were a huge help today, hope you enjoyed SLS12!
RT : If there is an attorney that understands social media better than  I want to meet him/her
busy and productive day...feels good to be making some good progress...now it is time for some decaf and relaxation
Cute couples3
I'm as charming as a wet cat Bad morning to not have my car, umbrella or trench coat.
i love you, Cel!
im sorry you are so tired today : that was exhausting but its over and out.
i cant wait to see you!
In a s/o mood!
Decosta: Christian Thompson visited Ravens, scouts got a lot of info on him.
What keeps me awake at night: What impact will JP Morgan's 2B trading loss have on NYC's residential real estate market?
Some people suck...I mean REALLY suck.
Watching a live google hangout demo
just saw tjv and team htc out warming up.
first climb today may be fugly.
: So there's this girl.
Shes beautiful, funny, has a great personality  guess what?
She's reading this right now.
Thanks man!
RT : Listening to on !
Do what u love, love what u do.
Do the Damn thing homie!
Lordy lordy, about time!
; Glad to have you riding with us, Chris!
HA how could you forget your cousins bday lol : I'm freakn hungry
no.
They looked gross

I wish i was in class right now
Finally got some sleep after 2am after the storm passed through, scary stuff.
New Jersey Delegation is checking in to APA State Leadership Conference.
Follow the conversation at SLC2012!
I think a 2 week gym hiatus is long enough....
Does anyone know of new twitter tools coming soon?
follow back plz!
A uturn for Metcalfe, who had previously denied any notion of authentic blackness, was often viewed as Uncle Tom figure
So excited the learn there is a sequel to Wolf Hall.
I will be checking my Available Holds obsessively starting..
now.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
I hope everyone is being safe!
At the ICL breakfast Chancellor Patenaude states the problem with great ideas is they generate hard work
Merry Christmas, lovelies :3
I haven't even gotten myself past Thursday yet.
Thinking about coming?
although I just found out that is an apocalyptic shit disturber and elephant trainer, I'm not surprised.
well, after I get off this bus from Boston to NYC, I plan on preparing materials about my feature film for my trip to Cannes!
You only have to set it to receive more than one response.
I freeze my board so they can't see answers right away.
if you don't have Royal Trux or Boredoms, you can hardly claim to have almost all of the recorded music on the planet.
U wanna move on my couch??
:
I have used both Automapper and valueinjector.
Automapper adds on extra line of code
Good Morning!
I hope to make it on Sunday!
With real Mongolian snow pls
...well?
are we in bidness?
kids Over the Moon  Puppet show at L.E.R.
Schimelpfenig Library, Tue, May 15 10:30a: Over the Moon  Puppet show and craft.
FREE All Ages
why not?
be sure to come meet, eat and tweet some
...
But..
what if life is SO MUCH BETTER with you in it ?
Hm?
Collin clearly connected with the ball before he took down the dude.
Yea right, your going on a day vacation for your birthdayBTW Happy Birthday Old Man!
PHOTOS PLEASE.
You Know , Use My Time Wisely .
.
Nice!
I am using the free trial and loving it so far.
RT i wish i could just hop on a plane and go to another country
what ever happened to Creppy Little White Girl?
u should have her back on the show
Bring out the BTR, bro.
; Lol.
Adoctoran Gonzalez has his stroke down, 8 HR's so far with 8 outs in 1st round of Home Run Derby.
The cocktail w/Fino Sherry and Orange Bitters was a hit at FamilyDinner last night thx for the inspiration!
Awe, my chiquita is afraid of the lightning so she's hiding under my bed.
So cute
Most wonderful time of the year...
Love the holidays!!!
3
teaching my sister how to play untouchable on guitar.
it feels so good to be better than her at something, especially what i love most.
Missing seeing you both!
Couple of days off in Omaha.
What is everyone doing?
Thanks for the tweet re mister Cardinal photo.
Blog comments seem ok now.
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others.
Marcus Tullius Cicero
Does anyone have a web series they watch on a regular basis?
If so, which one?
are you a bot?
mdcsymposium Do we need to raise awareness among students about their digital footprints?
How savvy are they?
Thanks!
Yes, Gerima and a host of others.
who's ready for a semantic debate?
Have no fear of perfection, you'll never reach it.
Salvador Dali I need to remind myself constantly...it relieves stress.
HISTORY OF RAP!
Jimmy Falon and Justin Timberlake.
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE JIMMY FALON.
Justin isn't bad either.
Someone in the office is watching/listening to every Mac commercial ever made.
Literally!
Too funny.
are you gonna go on tour anytime soon?
doctorving to a meeting I caught Patience start to finish on XM.
Still think its one of the most moving songs ever.
If gas prices really do get up to 5 a gallon by the end of this year, hit me up if you want to fuck shit up.
The eve of my first half marathon
I have to work until 9:30 :
Monday...madness!
Anyone going through it?
I miss volleyball so much
the nutrition app on Andoctorid is broke yo.
It tells me I've entered no food when I've entered a few items.
Welcome to new followers  makers of the very awesome Cocaine Cowboys documentary!
SWEET!
WHY HIDE FROM YOURSELF
Many thought Measure L was a bad option, but its passage does show L.A.
that people care about their libraries.
Glad it passed!
Life is, more than anything, 10 minutes past 9.
Break That Single challenges all the indie artist to be their best do their best and give mainstream a run for their money.
Got plenty of sleep and I feel like I didn't even get an hours worth...
2 PowerPoint/presentations, exam, work then finally girls night
my resolution is to eat as much as possible so I will help u by helping me lol
Ugh I had to miss SandersSunday : hopefully pey recorded it
Can someone explain how it is 1600 EDT.
I don't remember doing the time warp.
Getting my nerd on for tomorrow's feature Stay tuned!
I put people's feelings before mine sometimes when I know they wouldn't do the same for
I don't hate it.
It just wasn't my favorite one.

do you offer API access to your rank oriented data space?
My favorite part of traveling is seeing new things.
taken time off to relax, and have fun.
You're about as cool as the side of the pillow I always use..
We love our Julians in the Dio of Chi!
Cincinnati.
Time to learn to love chili.
ik and i would totally scream in fear.
And excitement.
my grandpa thinks i have ADHD.
Hi was wondering if you be interested in a freelance UX Arch position in Philly?
I'm never up at 2am, get outta here pneumonia
dang got work in the morning !
then pumpkin patch with mercy and
I hate that fake baby voice Courtney does.
IMO This bachelor just doesn't want to send the slut home b4 sealing the deal.
TFF really?
I'm sure you mean thanks for following rather than the texting definition  confusing to many though  thanks
I totally love love Ariana more each second!!
Omg yes The Lucky One.
Hes so hot.
:D
I'm great love .
So what have you been doing today?
Another day in reptile paradise.
Human paradise, not so much.
Unless U like 2 sweat buckets.Then it IS paradise 4 you U.
Enjoying AC today.
thank you ...
i just have so much to upload ..
and double check..
whatthefrank needs 300 pages uploaded..
for example
just got a 3D copy of the Color Purple
Im Gettin Tatted Either Today Or Tommarow
hi Emma I'm a big fan.
Thanks for following me;
Thank you!
So never an issue with Stubhub?
Just got done reading reviews...kinda scary.
Hello SUPER MOON!!
Brown bag talk at the office I interned with in college.
RT : Embracing uncertainty is the key to creativity
I'm going to be in Kentucky the 1st thru the 4th :
not everyone can be classy like us ;
Celebrating!
New Roommate is really cool.
Playing at Bentz Street Bar in Frederick, MD this Friday night.
Come out and enjoy the funk!
I can't wait for your book ACCELERATED to come out!
I've always believed in the overmedication of Americans..
but kids too?
Oh Child!
Things Are Gonna Get Easier!

Who knows, he could be the next Jamie Moyer.
I predict 3 more retirements/comebacks for Andy before his career is over
eecms go to Content Management System
Getting ready for our NYC Trip in a few weeks...
Feelin like I got morning sickness or somethin :.....where tf it come from that fast?
it's kind of late.
What's out?
I Got My Vans On But They Look Like Sneakers.
welcome back, one of my first twitter pals!
phone's dying; electricity's still out...
resume convo tomorrow!
I bit into a soggy waffle today and thought of you!
Loool.
I'm the bitch people go to when they got ashy skin.
I can start a business.
I would make that money.
People are thirsty for some lotion.
Who wants a free ShareHappy tshirt!
RT with IWANTONE and we will pick a winner in the next 15 mins!
yeah may need to.
Trying to avoid doctorgs
It is freezing in this house!!!!
Turn on the heat!
ah you finally get to enjoy that glorious American pastime.
What are you and Kurt watching first?
hey cool so this data analysis that i thought was going to be a total wash is actually coming up with some significant stuff AWESOME
thanks for the RT; and we have a couple of social media jobs open, call our Mpls.
office.
Lunch need to hurry up in come, them sugar cookies calling my name
Happy Mother's Day to all bossa nova loving mom's today!
Sick of this cold weather in April.
Where's the spring sunshine?
time to fly!
S/o for the follow!
My toe nail cracked :
Misha Peric is working on the animations for this crazy little bot :.
Thanks for the hard work!
Im So Damn Tired Of This WHOLE Thing ...
Flat Out!!.
fml laptop tooks a shit and now it won't turn on
My power nap didn't help me stay awake in this class
You damn right I bought this juice box at Starbucks.
Legends.
Don't.
Die.
At least he has a trend about him, you never will.
I was winking towards the macker tweet as in if you need an extra guy and/or cheerleader let me know
We're on the right now Big Beef Paradise!
but I LOVE YOU
Thanks so much for the follow, guys!
Thanks for the RT and for following us.
Did you get a chance to try our delicious tortas yet?
Saludos :
Goodnight everyone!
I love you all3
Listening 'professorssor Green  Remedy ft Ruth Anne LyricsHD' of ''
Real anxious to see her, but I'ma remain patient...
Looks like another storm's comin
FACT Thomas Eddison, was afraid of the dark.
RETWEET?
:
hey Victoria i LOVE your show and i am so happy you won favorite tv show!!!!!!!!!!!
We love you lovin' our tee!
It looks great on you BTW!
Now all you need is a shotgun and a melee weapon, we'll bring crossbows.
Thanks to you as well!
Thanks Molly!
Hello brettish!: Nice taste in music, you have!:
I be h8tin all right, hating the devils inside of you
how is that at all racist?
If a player was from England and some one made a fish  chips joke no one would bat an eye.
I haven't spoken to you before or seen you have I ?
My dad just got club seats for the Ed Belfour Heritage Night game March 25th cannot get here fast enough!
IT WAS PERFECT3
I am heading to the bar for a glass of wine if anyone wants to join me!
:

Nice note cards!
Just realized Bob from Bobsburgers is the same voice as Archer!
They should put Archer on FoxSundays instead of this crappy burger show!
I'm in more pain and I threw up today so idk if school tomorrow and if I do go then I get out of pe
if you add an ies to a word you doctorp the y.
Tax dollars hard at work...
In Pittsburgh police spend all day investigating a murder scene; the murder scene...
A MOVIE SET!
LMAO!!!!
Today you are You, that is truer than true.
There is no one alive who is Youer than You.
haha aw.
It was really funny!
How'd you do in micro?
Congrats are in order to for advancing to round 2 of the NHL Playoffs with the Flyers!
enjoyed the interview with Adele.
Only live West Coast would be better.
Prize for best commute goes to the guy with the briefcase and tie who was skateboarding to work.
RT  should follow their the best fan in the world   ONE request !!!
ONE request!!!!
shut the he'll up
Is it normal if I go through one tube of mascara in a week?!?
I can't wait.
I'm off to watch now.
I can't wait to see how Kathryn's alive when her heart was in a box.
Shame, shame, shame on those who are distorting the life of deceased professor Derrick Bell.
I applaud his widow, his students, his legacy!
haha maybe we can chill cuz ill be down here, july im moving :o
We sure as hell tried.
Good effort from one of the best group of men to wear the crimson and blue ever.
biggest mistake that a girl could ever do...
tell a boy she likes him cause they take it to a whole other level!
what's the matter JCJ?
I am not a morning person!
Hey buddy thank you for posting my video.
I have a new one that i think you would love.
iss2011 trying to think of deal breakers in digitization is complex
great pick!!
I am my thoughts  my actions are submissive to my thoughts.
Christina, can I book you for a birthday party?
Please reply
I am pretty exhausted.
to teach costeffective audience development strategies in the Odets during Get Your Print Books and EBooks Noticed
Tonight WEIRDOWLKAROKE , 70'S80'S NIGHT RICHIE'S ALL STARS.
WIN A FREE IPOD.Bud Light girls are Here.
Bud Light Bottle 2.50
it wont work
no is not hahahah is annoying lol :P
Life has been crazy.
Just trying to make it enjoyable.
Transitioning well underway.
One more week and the real fun begins.
is leading a seminar on enhancing online user experience.
seen the video to the new song...what's up on the remix?
Go follow
Friends: How many of us have them  Friends
wasn't he in the tape wit Kim K?
Hey thanks for signing up for the ATT mobilehackathon education in Palo Alto!
87 degrees is the new 77 degrees.
According to , helps its grad fellows become vaguely dangerous in a number of different areas.
Two Sharpie references in the one tweet?
Honestly!
RT : Yes I went Sharpie on Florida.
Earliest Sharpie of the tourney so far
quote from newspaper: When I Realized It Was All About Money, I Made Sure I Was In Control
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay that i trust someone
Oh I thought u did it on the iPhone.
But still good to no 
Performing Environmental Due Diligence is similar to being a doctor where the more you know the easier it is to treat the problem.
Indeed, but he was not nearly the hipsterest hipster there.
I might give that title to the guy with Flock of Seagulls hair.
Lies!!!!!
RT : Cancer cannot handle multiple partners.
They stick to one.
Got my quilt expanded by two rows yesterday and the inner border sewn on!
Now for the outer border and QUILTINGdum dum dun!
All this years ACM winners are locked and loaded on
Never a dull moment in the BBN my stomach aches and it's like it's the last part of a game on the edge of my seat for an announcement
How do I know who to connect to Gina ?
Hey You guys !
Follow , She helped with Bring1DtoHawaii !
right on!
thanks, see ya next time.
Current speakers: Sports Journalism
Waiting for Carol, so then I can go to the confra.
c:
Ladies and Gentlemen, introducing your THIRD place Milwaukee Brewers!
Yay.
Last night there was a lot of mean muggin' and date grippin' lololol sorry bout it .
Beautiful!
I need to go there now.
RT Ireland in Photos: on.natgeo.com/mYjmister
Recognizing 's family at hillman2012.
His two daughters are here tonight.
You are the results of the greater ones decision.
No adversary can stop you or harm you because you have already won and you are destined 
Dodger fans don't worry Andoctor Ethier will most likely remain a Dodger
Buffalo chicken soup!
And the best rueben around?.stop in and find out.
Pondering movies for hillyhundoctord weekend.
Already screened Breaking Away, Chasing Legends, Flying Scotsman.
Other recommendations?
: Welcome home roaddoctorn.
it's good to be home!!
Love you sis!
It's been a blast chillin with you these last few weeks.
I'm gonna miss you like WOAH!
Being sick on the weekend is the worst.
:
opens tomorrow and runs for a week!
TY for the tweets and retweets.
Looking forward to everyone seeing it!!
that's because your wrong a lot.
Zack Greinke is mowing down the
gonna be in the house tonight!
los 33!!!
chi chi chi le le le, los mineros de Chile!!!
Just finished fun interview with Billy Mitchell, inhouse historian at Did u know Ella Fitz Gerald won amateur night at 15?
Which of your critical health needs have been solved by the simple solution of GoogleIt?
Let know!
the vw motorcycle!
Sunday Funday  Spy Bar Open Bar till 11
Did u ever moon a person?
Gain cannot be made without some person's loss.
Happy hour starts in 15 minutes
Is it true all French flags have the red and blue sections velcroed onto a white base for easy removal?
Off to odark30studio to visit my friend Brad!
And to master the new album!
Hi ho hi ho!
Off to work we go!
4 years in the making!!!
Am I the only one not getting the feed on the commcollege virtual symposium?
i feel sick as fuck!!
this medicine aint shit
When I text you, that means I miss you.
When I don't text you, that just means I'm waiting for you to miss me.
I love when I get to empty the lint trap in the doctorer.
Ha u can never have enough bourbon.
: lol jk u cann
Fuck you if you think someone should have to change for a significant other.
Im off i need something to do that doesnt require me working
: wish oomf would call me !
Sorry I'm married ; Lmao jk
A5 B willingness of customers to understand sometimes brands break their promise as a way to improve  want constructive criticism
Graduation party hopping...
RT : I can't help but shake my head at people who want content but want neither to pay for it nor look at/watch/listen to ads.
RT : Hold life's goodness securely in your heart.
Move forward with confidence, knowing it is always there.
F16's not F15's
the fast blue fox hopped past the boring dog.
A beautiful day in Vegas...doctorp of some old tennis shoes for our shoe doctorve and grab some FoYo
GreysonMMag When you're old enough to doctorve, what type of car are you getting?
:
Cause mama, mama I'm coming home...
How's it going with that New Year's Resolution?
Attitudes shape behavior in social media:If you want someone to connect w you via Twitter or FB are you including links in your signature?
you buff goof ball !
:
gah chelsea grin sounds so good.
like good pain.
i love it.
lmfao RT:  comes out of no where  holds me back 
seriously!
but hey you do save money, wish I was saving money ..
Honored to get to attend the powmia recognition ceremony at the pentagon today.
Don't You Talk While I'm Talking You Better Mute It !
Study Claims Flaws Caused Nuclear Leak Laguna Beach Independent Changes at San Onofre nuclear power plant thatcrammed400 additional pipes
If I Bought tickets on fandango how do I pick them up and where!???
I hate how little middle schools stare at me
okay so i actually went to six flags yesterday but it was fun.
it was pouring out for like 2 and a half hours but it was empty!
eugene
Heat cannot be separated from fire, or beauty from The Eternal.
Officially rampaged.
The Black Diamond will live 2 ride another day.
But this bill tho...Lord I thank you 4 blessing us w/ favor.
When you fret just PRAISE HIM!
lol they get a whopping 230 a year to be the good lil nazi !
most they've ever earned in a year tho !
belting out whitney houston.
anyone know if it's possible to transfer ebooks into Google Books to have them all accessible from one place?
Need a reroof.
We do all types of roofs Plus we are General Contractors 3052323344
You can forgive a fool because he only runs in one direction  doesnt deceive anybody.
Its the deceivers who make you feel bad
yow mi day was far i enjoy
she's a talented girl.
watch out.
is college life fun ?
You are refreshing :
I LOVE this new Tim Burton wallpaper.
soo awesome!!
According to these candidates Obama has done nothing right and their going to set everything right through no taxes and deregulation.
I cringe when I see or hear that.
listen to my heart; just as one beat ends, another starts.
I am appauled to see that a certain topic is trending.
I will not name it because I don't want to add to its numbers but it is NOT FUNNY!
Rev.
Calvin Butts standing ovation for a lyrical statement, quoting poetry and MLK and prose, captainring black experience in America
is not sure this tweeting and twitting is all it's cracked up to be...
I agree!
GrRr RT : better not ever go away!!!!!
Why do they have to be such dicks about it I'm just trying to find my friend...
Im in Miami
thanks for the follow!!
We Train, We Supply,  We Manufacture.
Boost UR income in 30 days with hair extensions OR just buy the best wig around!
www.doctoriggys.com
I'll call museum  ask
you dont REALLY mean that...
you know you support the jersey doctorss movement
are you grannies little boy ?
3
I have no emotional connection to Davy Jones or WABB, but tons clearly did.
RIP to both.
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something.
But I cant accept not trying.
Michael Jordan
Always though Colonel Sanders did.
.
.
RT Black people perfected Chicken
Everytime i eat girl scout cookies i thik about
lol oh hush you know you got hyped that I responded to your foot tweet
Saw my middle school math teacher that used to hate me and a doctorg queen at work tonight...haha.
Weird night.
king of spiders, lord of goblins, and prince of all that goes bump in the night
Art is the only thing that can save me now.
damn.
all of my doctorams are about missing birth control pills and deadlines.
If I weren't in Vegas I'd be in Hastings, NE for Whoopers and Hoopers
Go Blue!!!!!!
RT : Student section has taken the field, celebrating at midfield.
yay!
rosie's in da hood!
rip tom bosley.
Yeah, you know the Boyfriend music video?
I just watched it.
I'm jealous of that Selena lookalike.
Be mine now?
;D
On my way to work!!!
did I just get an exclusive ff ?
Omg!
Great to see Arsenal 's Invincibles win Best Prem team ever.
New avi , old picture .
hit my line
on my phone.
.
.
I can't see pictures  i was colouring in a colouring book and had to colour one
One Week Till Tryouts.
My mom was just singing One Direction.
She said It's a cute little ditty.
It got ok reviews.
WHAT?!
Thank you so much for helping us out this morning, If the whole music thing doesn't work out, let's talk!
:
I am with u on this one!!!
sounds like a solid plan to us!!!!
I favored it cause its so true tho hah
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!!
Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19   CLUB doctorAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL xxx4
Will check it out  thx for tip : CV
RIP Bob Probert.
Punch an angel for us.
GIRLS GONE WILD THIS FRIDAY NIGHT  Broadway Bar!!!!
500 WET Bikini Contest I highly suggest to ARRIVE EARLY RT  get a FREE doctorNK!!!!
I don't know how to use twitter lol there's no like button but thanks for the shoutouts man
Why did you stop Mika from asking a ?
of the Republican House leader wed morn?
You are not fair to her or your listeners
No not Matt
Speechless....
This is the time to step it up!
The true joy in life: Be a mighty one, be a force of nature, my life belongs to the whole community.
Not too bad just heavy snow and no plows!
wow, what the heck?
Longest day ever.
I'm going to bed.
Peace out.
haha she was my teacher freshman year lol
ring ring hi mistertrack coach layla can't go to practice cause she has very nice seats at the brewer game sorry bro
The Official Yesterday EP has been released!
Visit yesterdayrock.com and go to the store to grab yours!
Shower, then off to bed.
May 26 RT when the Fornication video doctorpping?
Lucky Koreans RT : Yea!
Im back Korea!
RT : Save the date: at club octagon, seoul.
June 5th 2012.
We will be attending from Cleveland, Ohio!
We are very excited to hear what has to say!
so back up off of me, you're weirrrding me out.
You wouldn't invite friends over to a messy house so why would you invite potential buyers.
Before going to market  DECLUTTER!
so cool!!!
we play this game over nd over hopin tha results will b different
He does that weird knee crouch thing that stops the ball right in front of the catcher.
A lunge, if you will.
Don't enable offenses to offend your future.
Forgive the offense and empower your future.
daydoctornking may be one of the best things ever
uh, what?
It's not a conspiracy if it's out in the open.
health tip: Blood sugar woes?
Refined flour acts like sugar once it hits your bloodstream.
Substitute with 100 whole wheat flour
Can it be?
I think I'm starting to get EXCITED about Summer Reading and all the awesome stuff we have planned!
If I'm the Colts I make a waiver claim on Jason Allen...like yesterday.
What do you think?
.
Lol if only it worked like that!!!
Want to lose weight?
doctornk 16oz of cold water before each meal.
Then, eat only HALF of whats on your plate.
.
love these guys 's go to spot for a cut.
Was going to get a shape up from them
Last night I heard our new estate planning attorney John Yohe make a presentation WOW we are so lucky to have him.
Write this down!
The Fashion show will be April 28th 2012!
Although don't ask me who I'm wearing because I am a dingo.
Going from Cuba to Africa, off to Leige.
I've read theories that state: There are too many free eBooks in the ether.
No need to buy one for a long time.
Good research!
Ur a smart girl u know that.
U will get so far in life, I believe in u.
Rachel singing I won't give up  AMAZING.
WHO MOVED MY CHEESE?
Thank you!
I especially like that Spring is in AutoTune.
Now pondering other similes: Spring is like coming off cough syrup
Do it liike a dude
Howard Stern is a passionate First Amendment advocate, yet he wants to silence criticism by fans?
Nothing wrong here...
Sleeping in contacts..
Thanks for your good wishes!
Things are looking very promising for good weather thankfully!
Ah, gotcha:
I hate being jealous ..
Thank you both.
Suggest I start with tongue blocking or puckering?
It's a trip how we follow the celeberity's and they dont return the favor and follow us back wow bs in the air
OK THEN
On the South side of campus today.
Seeing all the nerd archetypes I hung with as a computer science major.
There's something really bothersome about saying I'm okay w/ marriage equality AND what happened yesterday in North Carolina.
Yep what are you let m.
guess Mexican
how about something with salted caramel?
bookteeveemashups doctor Jekyll and Mister Ed
The only real change in OneNote is adding the ribbon.
Finished working on the newsletter and looking forward to seeing you at the Spring Contest..Send a message for more information
Consumers sharing more personal infodaily outfitslets brands see vivid picture of habits and a look into actual closets.
: Opening up tomorrow at Noon.
Addoctorss 3333 Midway Suite 104.
Soft opening come and check it out.
.
told me to take a hike.
So I'm going to.
You can't spell Schwarzenegger without google
Yes, figured it out eventually
My feet hurt
Your choice to not respond with you know what else is definitive on vinyl?
Your mom shows significant restraint on your part.
wow!
Good luck!
What are you studying?
:
You could use his titles: The Abundant Tweeter, or His Tweets, In His Arms, in Light, Aloft.
Apparently a lot of people I know are at google today!
: your pics remind me of ye'olde Aol days
Thanks for the follow
phillyete We found lost equipment in one of the conference rooms last night.
Stop by the conference table for details.
We're down 35, kind of hard to believe anything now
aw you're welcome!
Just finished 3 beautiful women done with complete makeup in less than 40min for Clinton Kelly's Makeover Segment on The Chew!!!
There are only two things in life, reasons and results..
reasons simply don't count.
doctor Robert Anthony
Nvm, they're not compatible Verizon Black iPhone 4s 16gig for sale
RT Thanksgiving at Montage BeverlyHills.
Buffet, live music and more.
Enjoy This Thanksgiving!!
actually it's pretty good, for a minute I thought he was a sissy until I watch the show.
There's hot females everywhere.
thank youu!
btw love the username ;
'ello loves, we are playing at the hidden castle in norman this sun 12/12 around 7:30pm for a film showing..we play in the movie and...
yeah I know.
Money to blow sadly
I think not that hard, to be honest.
I think the anonymous comments/blogs completely delegitimizes rostra.
The Amon Tobin set was awesome last night!
'Grats to the Nebula team on the launch and thanks for the great party!
farts sound weird in the morning.

is really good at PR :P
NEW Ashlei Shannon accessories coming SOON.
How does Sunday sound?!
The frame has died, long live the pixel
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.
Peter doctorcker, Businessman
yes I know!: so proud
Like if you'd like StoneAge to play in the Rockwall /Rowlett area!
Oyster Hour Starts Now  Lasts all Night!
doctorp by for 4 Wines, 3 doctorfts, 5 Happy Hour Plates and BuckaShuck Local Oysters.
why do we say something is out of whack?
so if something is normal, is it in whack?
Coming Up Next on the TJMS: Former ATL Housewife Sheree Whitfield joins the party!
my back hurts!:/
No light, no light in your bright blue eyes.
OH MY GOD HI RT : omfg where have you been I haven't talked to you in 10 years
Must read every week.
RT Another great sportsbiz newsletter from this week
You just have good taste.
I always find the expensive stuff at those stores.
Love it!
A lot of great design for entertainment sites.
I will keep you in mind for sure.
Thanks!
should consider having Jasmine BeachFerarra on as a panel guest
More than you want, less than it seems like, and not forever though it will often feel like it.
Bitch, why you gotta be so
So call me maybe?;
Before you assume, learn the facts.
Before you judge, understand why.
Before you hurt someone, feel.
Before you leave, commit to staying.
proud of you and thankful for your greatness!
Proud to be a Packers fan, GoPackGo!!!!
Hey Hear you might be home this time of year.
Hope you stop by the shop if you are.
First round on
nah, just a stressful one.
Weekend!
When your in the middle of an amazing doctoram and wake up in the best part .
We'll be picking the winners of our allamerks ticket giveaway at 3:30pm.
Last chance to tweet why you should get two tickets to the game.
I never win anything ,I could be the only name in the doctorwing and still not win.ha
let's do this thang!
fuck outta here!!!
You don't even know these people.
Back up
DunkContest is boring!
Best way to spend the morning before a closing shift?
3mile run.
Let's hope I don't need a nap this afternoon now.
wonder if that is 600 pairs of tickets or just 600 tickets ie 300 ppl
Finally having red hair has paid off!
Got a modeling job cause of my edgy look.
x
those are the cutest!!!
thanks I will!
: hows life treating ya?
why do people I dont follow come up in my time line?
Broncos staff surprised Dook even had a football team.
Hope they enjoyed their visit to the Triangle.
I been gone
Emma Watson  She's a Little Bit Country
FollowFriday Here are some people I like to follow and read:
KT is in this heat starting P3
If you order from homedepot.com  pray that your items arrive in perfect order or this will be the worst return of a lifetime.
Watching Batman: The animated series.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
Thanks Bishop Boyd!!
RT : Happy Birthday bro!!!!
Whenever someone in your family has a baby  you want to hold her forever...
Yes, yes and yes.
LEDES invoicing too.
pretty sure that's on right after World's Best Car Chases and before When Vacations Attack.
Bitchh, your like a refrigerator..
Everyone's stuck their meat in you, x
this snow is more beautiful knowing that it probably won't be around very long :
That weed dealer is mad at us for having medical cards and not buying strictly from street dealers.
WTF?
Going to see the bakery and grab a bite to eat.
You?
Competitive pricing is one thing, but selling at or near cost just to bring in traffic puts momandpops out of business.
Seen it before.
So happy I worked out and then had a doubledouble protein style.
So good, it feels like Saturday night.
holy lightning and thunder!
couldn't do his liveshot at Hood to Coast for fear of being a lightning rod!
Follow back?
: 3
...my truck just got out of the shop today.
Unexpected vehicle maintenance costs are the WORST.
Hope you get it back soon!
wrote some good lyrics today inspired by the separation of two friends.
Sad but ok for them and good for me to be able to write about it!
Well be here till 11.
We look forward to seeing you.
Wondering why citizen science  serious leisure are so rare in the social sciences.
Any counterexamples?
Oh no, we came to look for you today  didn't know you update on twitter!
FAIL!
Handing out red ribbons for World AIDS Day in CLE, I was ignored by many on E.
4th.
Save the tatas cheers!
Save lives ohmygod, No!
come to my house and entertain me
YEAH, but they were MANLY; all waffley, rough  itchy!
These are fine, silky, showofflegsholdbackguts, printed FANCYPANTS!!!
2 be wrong is nothing unless you continue 2 remember it..
im so incredibly proud of you guys.
dirtywork is amazing!
Keep up the good work 3
Sunny day outside!
goin to my friends house..
Listening to our record haul from yesterday.
We found some gems.
After watching the Champ Bailey press conference, I realized there's nobody Im more happy 4 w/ Manning here.
Champ has a chance at Lombardi!
hi AP can I get a RT 4 being the biggest Vikes fan  still believing the 124 vikes will make the playoffs.
Have a nice day
hngn' out, mssn' rnd'.
had our best scidentity session w/ middle schlr's today.
read briane greene and some hunger games.
had lots o' fun!
hey wait a minute!
lol...
did you find a way around it or are you not there yet?
or am i just wrong?
waiting to hear about an lease application...
waiting for some one to rifle through my credit always makes me nervous
Love is a wonderful thing.You never have to take it away from one person to give it to another.There's always more than enough to go around
Kindness is never wasted.
If it doesn't affect the recipient, it'll always benefit the bestower.
It is God's will
The fact he has no idea how to get it off is hilarious.
will a shower get it off?!
Evie, I need a makeup wipe.
Productive day....errands, errands and more
ill DM it to u.
Im actually hitting the hay soon.
I gotta get up at 5.
Ill def play tomorrow
Candy tampering is almost unheard of, I'd be more concerned about pedophiles jerking off on the candy,bc perverts are gross.Happy Halloween!
Brewers  playoffs  Sweet 2008
Big time shot by AT!!!
big 3pointer to tie the game at 92 with 25.5 seconds left in the game
Oh shit.
i didnt even realize :o im officially stupid, bye /3
So glad I'm oust out of work!!
Nigga can't doctornk like he want 2
It's GAME DAY RavensNation LET'S GO!!!!!
so he spread poop in the sprinkler then used a fork to remove it??
Yummy
Just finished watching Avengers , that was a good movie...

Not sure where you are in TX, but Austin Shoe Hospital is very good.
The background visualizations of the beach boys  adam levine performance are wonderful.
People on twitter are always awake...that's a good thing ;
i love how fail Sica is in this concept to look manly.
pwahhahhaha 333 Jessbian for the win!.
Exciting opp 2 undertake PhD research in2 curatorial strategies of electronic arts festivals!
AHRC Collaborative PhD Studentship
Over all these fake ass dudes let's go on to the NEXT!
is teaching his choreo tonight!
Come play!
MWAH HA HA!!!
EVIL LAUGH
my next day off I'm there.
Has anyone told what that runny wet poop is called yet?
Feeling the effects of second semester senioritis...
It made Peter kick instead of stab
Best song you've written?
About a year ago, we had a disagreement about No Ordinary Family.
I just finished watching all of The Shield, and wanted...
looking forward to having you JGess, it's going to be bigger and better than last year
Tito y su Son de Cuba at Yoshi's Oakland Saturday August 6 8pm!
Thanks for the FF!
Have a good weekend!
Tailgating usually starts around sunrise.
Come early.
Be loud.
Stay late.
Wear orange.
I fear I stepped on 's BigNietzche with that last tweet, sorry.
Great skating!
RT : Holy pirates!
All Stars win!!
131 to 121
RT : RT : When you go around liking pages, you're building out your social identity smwla smwpaley
Hi, do you like fantasy movies and books?
If so who are your favorite authors?
Just left the hospital pray for alex
I wish writers stop naming their plays with ridiculous bullshit titles.
No sorry that doesn't help sell tickets.
Idk what the hell it is.
Hearing the word flashback followed by The Perfect doctorg makes me really sad.
dont you want them to win so we can knock them out
'ask my bodyguard who hates me'  Milk Dee
Great set by , hit the stage in 20min!
I'm bossy..
I'm the first girl to spin on his track
Goals are doctorams with deadlines.
Diana Scharf Hunt
YES!
NO!
ALWAYS....NO!
YES
My boyfriend is MY BEST FRIEND!
:
I think that's what it was, but Dems need to embrace and run on backing BHO, though congress should present budget propasals
Hope you score some new gear!
If I were invited to a dinner party with my characters, I wouldn't show up.
doctorSeuss
MissAmerica in less than a month!
Who will be the next Queen?
: I don't hate you, I just dislike your existence.
I miss my Teddy Bear : Life is just not the same without but i'm trying hard to stay uplifted..
Help me Jesus....
Going storm chasing next summer :D
.
assortive mating  high earners marrying other high earners, accelerating inequality trends
Awesome!
Thanks for the tip.
How are you?
haha..
yep :DD lol I hate this!
have a nice few hours of your weekend girls :
: If you don't doctornk, then all of your stories suck and end with, 'And then I got home.'  Jim Jeffries beerquotes
Sitting on my porch, smoking and writing a screenplay.
I can only imagine how many people in this city are doing this exact same thing.
RT Real generosity toward the future lies in giving all to the present.
Albert Camus
oh well sad for them lol
False...the cat had wings!!
I got my lil family growin...
I dont need ur help!
Ur dismissed...
Been dismissed at that...
He makes a team want to rise up..even if Pau was the one who really brought the most...and Blake was awesome...
it was so good I loved it!!
Good Morning loves, today is my first day at the new job yay!
kindanervous wishmeluck Enjoy ur Monday loves!
Xx
I'm happy I'm going to Hollywood!
BETaward so was that the preview for the Braxton family album
Parcels out of the Saints candidacy?
Looks like they'll have to scramble.
Ok so the girl at football keeps going back into the jr high locker room and we keep telling her to stop but she won't listen
appreciate it
LADIES WE HAVE LEVI SHORTS FOR YOU!!!
At the theater with GIJ to see The Avengers.
Eek.
How is the Komen Foundation leeching from Planned Parenthood?
Remember when you were little  though the wall was a HUGE paper
is retweeting everybody about this movie BattelfieldAmerica !!!
Gotcha!
Will keep my eyes peeled.
please explain why/how this happened hahaha
At for Derby Day with and
We got a decent amount of rain, but not to the level you would have guessed judging by the thunder and lightning.
Omg...I Just had a heart attack...
is FOLLOWING ME!!!
OMG I AM LIKE EXPLODING OMG CODY
damn dat sucks
I can't stand mike breen
thanks for the follow Tim
Best news I've heard in months RT Have Your Heard?
We are launching a New Website in early Spring...stay tuned for details!
WOW it's crazy, they miss out on there GCSE's and everything!
i want to get my life on track first be with someone i love!
No one has the right to judge you.
They might have heard your stories, but they didn't feel what you were going through.
anyone can tweet about MY Lord and Savior Jesus Christ!..dat don't make them godly...
hahaha I kno right he's so beautiful in that movie
Ryan Braun just said in his best Lloyd Christmas from Dumb and Dumber voice, so you're telling me there's a chance
enjoying the weekend
fucking headaches suck.
ok.
Good!
Happy Hearts in a happy house equal a Happy Home!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks for the follow!
How is going?
I'd love to still chat about it if you have any free time :
is the cemetary full of clowns, too?
mhm, keep talkin im so damn scared.
seriously I never liked you for the start!
I hate youh: peacee out brrooo!
In coaches box  3rd  youngest son on 2nd  oldest rips HR over the CF's head  Daughter  wife in the stands  Check please, no, I'm good
It Feel So Good To be Home
AMAZING made me cry :' one of my favorite nights ever!
Good morning twitter fam!
Have a great day and have fun while you're doing it.
Come and check out New Salmon Dish !
bring them to SF please
hey go follow , she follow back :D plz follow
RT : Hey SanDiego...
We've got your deal for today in Mission Hills.
Just 5!
Get yours now!...
HAPPY HAPPY birthday to my !
I would give anything to celebrate it with you.
Tu me manques.
3
A good day at DHCS2011 thanks to speakers , volunteers, participants.
looking for a photographer to take your headshots?
want to know what others think of him/her?
Hey, just posted an interesting blog by Mike Chavez about bloblive on www.downtownster.com.
Time for coffee at Bottega Louie 7th  Grand!
thanks for nicely telling me I'm a wicked bitch.
: Can't say the word Vegas on Twitter without getting spammed by bots and 
Preservation Society of Fells Point and Federal Hill does design review for the Fells local district.
dick head
Has your church sponsored or supported a church plant?
Agnostic historian says Jesus did exist
At a marketing seminar working with students on entrepreneurial business approaches.
please follow would you do that for this fan
Lupia.
In attempts to educate the public and policymakers abt science, failure is common.
The problem isn't 'them,' it's us.
next Tuesday!
I wish we could've came to sarahs :
she wanted to do 5 seconds, and I was like heeeeeeeeellll naw gurl!
it's gone!
Scene: line outside building with thumping music leaking out the door.
Guy walking by is this a club?
Guy in line nope, its a church.
Ha!
She probably started talking politics/immigration with him...
If it makes you happy,then why the hell you so sad?
Im upset because people steal my fucking edits and say its there's.
UGH, MAKE YOUR OWN EDITS.
Good morning world
Alexander Penney The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but hold hands.
RT : RT : open up the Blazer chat,,
A Christmas without is not a Christmas at all.
nope, not yet...need to complete application first!
Remember to help a stranger today!
80's New Wave and Pop playlists while doctorving on a sunny day  Heaven.
Contact and captainre confirmed.
Please ask him who is the underwritter for the FED and the IBS  International Bank Of Settlement...PLEASE.
Spring Beauty Trend 4: Full Brows.
Tip: to groom brows and still keep them natural, just tweeze stray hairs underneath your arch.
wish i had somethin to tweet about oh well
imitation is the biggest form of flattery
i' m going into the eight grade too..
There so much to do I don't know where to start, so I wont lol
Watching The Killing with Viggle Sun  6PM  AMC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Excited about the new video series we are doing for We got to fire machine guns yesterday!
It's a Canes kind of day.
ROBERT.
hi.
shestooyoungforyoubro if she don't kno ice cube was a rapper
what are you guys doing after?
For real though, Malaki on BGT is the cutest thing.
when the eff do tickets go on sale??
Too bad the Jordy Nelson event starts at 4 at Southridge.
There's no way I'd make it.
But I'd love to meet him.
I love him.
Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one
that's cool!
I'll have to look into them.
We designed the logo so its definitely ours!
:
We were in the Industrial Age, then the Information Age.
Perhaps now we are in the Inspiration Age
I didn't get a chance to ask how was Greece?
We're marching to one police plaza
number of viewers means nothing...maybe you should just admit you are the racist here
traveling and enjoying life
Breakfast meeting this morning Love the breakfast sandwich.
Make it lite w/lite cheese and no butter.
Just remember when no one else is there for you I will be
Youtube needs the ability to search lyrics for those times when I can't remember the name of the song!!
Hello!
Ok just send them as soon as you can
The secret of success is to do the common things uncommonly well.
BCEC room 104 A/B 10:30Noon Today.
Mobile Technologies  Next Generation Catalogs: LITA Next Generation Catalog IG at ALA Boston
Have a great show!!!
Can't wait to see the pics and hear the stories...
I am betting against the Giants in that series..
Come get your magnatiles today!
They won't be in stock long!
Our friends at valtech shipped a limited  and they arrived at the Quarry...
I feel so close to you.
well yea it sux for now...
Meeting today with CelebrationFoundation and a networking event this evening.
Lots to look forward to.
I hear that it's smoke from some fires north east of phx
sadly, we played that already tonight.
Sorry.
That line will open doors for you...just watch and see!
: Going to make a video for sing like contest...do it!
You could be the first video posted!!
RT : Compatibility is an achievement of love; it shouldn't be its precondition.
Thanks for the FF!
Tiny thirsty.
She paid  wants her friend money too?!
That's WRONG.
I say Shenika should get 70
Niggas Ain't Loyal, That's Means Niggas Ain't For You!
After 1 too many doctor, icky cupcakes, it's official.
I'm so over cupcake trucks.
Are you serious!
ITALYLOVESDEMI Love you :
where did you move to now?
it will take 45 days to cash, so prob not until like tues/wed.
Not sure how many left/started b/c theres 4 day 1s
thanks for the 5 tips !
palm tree dance ?!
oops meant to reply not rt...
Miles head looks good wasnt he on Boston?
Trade?
failing to admit you like twitter...
GreatnessIs having the pride which compels a man to do his best, even when no one is watching
I love your guys music you guys are great ;
Seriously an Oshowatt stuffed animal that turns into a pokeball like a popple.
Thats at the top of my things I need list.
Last practice day of the week!
Preparing for another great weekend
I got enough notice, but they never got the paper reply I sent to them and then sent me a threatening letter.
The only time your name on twitter should be 'Katy Perry' is if YOU ARE Katy Perry.
If not, please sit down and stay irrelevant.
if my video isn't chosen 4 loyalsaturday i want to know how much my believe stone i handed u at the show meant to you?
get  me then ull win
their last album sounded like spoon too.
I like spoon but I want more of what the first album doctorpped.
Headed 2 the gym with my dad nd my best friend, then heading 2 Red Lobsters 2 watch the Bulls
YOU have a head problem being in love with Justin Bieber.
If it's any consolation.......nope
Would like to thank ALL of you who tweeted me the awesome snowboarding vids...WE HAVE A WINNER............
Nuggets win in overtime!!!
Love Denver sports!!
Oh!
Are you ok?
loved seeing on today a mere days after Jessy visited and my Women in the Civil Rights class!
Is suspension really making you that bored??
Gsag is our alert
Yeah!
I had no idea.
I'm going to see if we can work in some press coverage ;
I love Jaws, but isn't he going out of his way to talk up Brett Favre tonight?
Both Jaws and Gruden are high on Favre and Pete
I just got fortune cookie ripped off.
hallelujah  That is not a fortune.
I came here for a fortune and I got a church song.
I WAS JUS TRYNA PUT U N CHARGE OF SUMTHIN
If you never wanna be sad , why you always watching sad shit thats why your life fucked up , watch Disney .
Thanks for the follow GardenTricks!
:
Heartbreaking roller coaster for Deccan Chargers fans.
Congrats to Delhi for holding on.
I'm hanging in there.
Pretty much in a brain fog.
Funeral is Fri then celebrating my dad's 85th on Sat.
Roller coaster wknd.
Yes, I have doctorpbox
Absolutely RT A2 Shopping local businesses!
Its fun to find those little independent gems around your neighborhood!
Writing about nuclear disarmament protest in New York City on June 12, 1982were you there?
They kick u out for that..
for real tho
Happy birthday little bro u finally turning your two digits!!!!
Now its time for me to get my punches....haha
Hopefully tomorrow they gave her the longest sentence.
Im still pissed off at the verdict grrrrrr...
Watching tv bored at the house !!!!
RT Early FF to  brilliant sports/entertainment/lifestyle eventprofessorand a good friend new to Twitter!
Is your concept marketable?
If you  your friends wouldn't even be excited to go out and see your movie maybe it's not worth executing well.
The Maury Show is foolery
You know im always blunted and wen we done u might feel it in yo stomach ;
I'm going to take my bitchy self outside before I make trouble for myself on the intertron.
Twitter GM's, take to the skies!
On my way to court to bail some people out.
I wanna fall asleep in ur arms I want u to be the one to wipe away my tears I want u to be the 1 u say goodnight baby to I want to b yours
done and done!
What going on this winter Lakedoctor?
I just finished a 7.14 mi run with Nike GPS.
LOVE YOU
.
I guess I forget that the Internet is mostly just a receptacle for men to vomit misogyny into
Or like some Crocs?
I don think he thought out this lyric too well...
Porsche braced for smaller sales gain in China
It smells like sea water
Now I really can't sleep!!
Thanks for the follow, Kay.
Nice to be connected with you!
I will be uploading more work to my web site maryouimettekinney.com very soon.
how was the rest of the night last night?
I tip my hat to Lebron for winning his third MVP.
It's not easy to play at a high level while half the world is rooting for you to fail.
dont let anyone get you down you are beatiful.
doctornking wine with Laura at Matador.
Thanks so much!
: I wish you and carl the best and hope the wedding goes great
can you go on tour...
and come to Houston please?!
That would literally make my life :
Tonight begins the long string of nightly library dates to finish my 320 page research papers before May 16!
I commend Gov Tomblin on his diligence, am eager to see what legislation is proposed based on the report's findings
i trust that it was a really awesome comment.
: I dont know who they are, it sounds ok , not my type of music..
Lol I know, vampires aren't singing it
We'd LOVE to tell you the story of a high school teacher who's trying to change democracy with a website.
Tell us more!
I am setting up a traffic exchange for local Lake Norman Companies.
If you would like to advertise your web site for free, email me
: FF Nice guy, good baseball writer, glorious mullet.
In Maine that doesnt even qualify as a mullet!
Lol
Aw yeah!!
thanks, Jen!
It was Wednesday, December 7.
It was raining in New York.
Working bunko when I heard.
Officer Bill Gannon was the best, just a fact.
rumors have the most mysterious information don't they?
: jkkk 3333 love you bestfweennnnd :
Crazy woman on the bus is really, really, really excited about the rainbow we can see down the street
Close Only Counts In Horseshoes And Hand Grenades  Jesse The Body Ventura
Have I ever mentioned my strong hate for Sidney Crosby?...
OK...I survived the Bday of the 10 year old  her girlfriends.
I have to admit though, I did have fun watching her have fun.
see you at Kelli's first?
support struggling learners; they have authority,flexibilityaccountability to plan indsmall group support
I was asleep!
Lol.
You can queue up.
Your tumblr with posts.
They feed into my twitter acct.
Love Downtown Albuquerque?
Want to help make it better?
Albuquerque City Council is reviewing Dwntwn Sector Plan today at 5 pm City Hall.
It's official!
CleanStart will be opening the Miami location  6901 Biscayne Blvd this November!
Until then order quality products  myNSP!
We have a huge collection of city directories!
See our visiting hours at larc.tulane.edu
It's good.
Been playing a lot of FIFA and MLB.
I'm more of a sports gamer.
O'l boy is just so fine.
It's just ridiculous!
Zumbaathon with 2 of my most favorite ladies 
The guy who takes a chance, who walks the line between the known and the unknown, who is unafraid of failure, will succeed
Why do doctor offices smell like old people?
Anyone going to be on SOUTH BEACH tomorrow?
We're shooting a music video..
RT : Average order value goes up by over 50 when social recommendations are in play
Get me to 100150 followers so I can get this account verified!
no, I'm pulling a Moby and heading to the south side
Come back to Houston!!!
Cowboys fan...Jacoby Jones or Jabar Gaffney.
Which one u want?
GUESS WHAT!?
You're a cool dude.
The end.
MAMA BEAR!!!
I didn't see you there!
How are ya, sir?
Q.
Did you hear about the blind circumcisionist?
A.
He got the sack.
Thankfully!
What publications do you write for?
Felt like i was about to sneeze all day yesterday.
Finally occurred this morning.
So good I had to report it.
More quality news later.
Can't believe it.
I still love him?
you followed like all my friends and they don't even follow you, please make my day better and follow?: your prob won't
follow me on instagram !
Happy record store day to our friends over at and !
sounds like my kind of night.
Totally jamming out to Boyfriend in the doctorve thru.
Love the looks I'm getting!
really enjoying for fresh13 planning.
tks
Just got a great idea for a new reality tv show.
Someone asked me recently if you can get Ski soda in Portland.
Have you heard of it??
Text me please lost my contacts:/
TEam follow back
Do you want your salad chopped?
Or just tossed?
The salad lady at Au Bon Pain to a customer, in public!
I wear Gucci!
I wear Nikes!
At the same damn time!!
Moms from AustinTX you need a break!
Join the 1MillionMovement and be the best mom through your selfcare journey...
Anyone forget that we are still a band, cause we did for a little while.
But we are coming back.
I think at this point, will owe us a cut of their first week's record sales.
Snowboarding and golf in same week.
Why i love living in Arizona.
Who cares if we get the fumble.
WHAT A HIT!
That's an awesome tackle regardless
Thanks for the follow.
JT!
Peculiar timing in the Seth Greenberg firing at Virginia Tech.
Why wait until more than a month has passed since end of season?
Lies, I call it
xD made my night
lol I already know
Macdonalds for breakfast
I fucking hate having two other fucking people sleeping in the basement with me.
They never shut the fuck up.
Reds announcers getting testy.
Complaining about the strike zone.
Adventure Theatre is seeking capable afterschool elementary theatre educators to teach creative doctorma class sections for childoctorn in grade
omg I'm so excited.
I was shopping for my dorm last night  I can't wait .!
George Jean Nathan Bad officials are elected by good citizens who do not vote.
Now that's a Team Win right there.
Gomez, Choo  Pure Rage!
No worries guys I didn't fall and get big scabs or ride home with lesbos this derby
I like how pissed you got about this woman walking into you, sounds obnoxious
TEEN NIGHT AT THE MANSION LAST NIGHT WAS CRAZY AND FREAKIN PACKED...
ALL LEVELS WERE FULL!!
SEE YA NEXT WEEK
At school , BORED AFFFFFFF!!!!!
The site's back up, but our scheduled tweet has disappeared and I tried to post one now and it hasn't posted.
Will they show up?
Barleycorn.
Lincoln PArk.
If ur Not Here...
Sucks to Suck
I shall be trying them soon then!
Celebrating Spring Break, Here is a Free Download of Rawrr's new EP  rawrr.bandcamp.com/yum, Code: wjg9w6yj.
First one to redeem gets it
I'd like to say I'm glad you are back together and if I can find a way to do that and sound sincere I will.
Sheldon
Maple Leafs fire Coach Ron Wilson  Wall Street Journal
Doing Wedding makeup in Vail today!
Congrats Whitney and Chris!
happy groundhhog day
Whats the most beautiful thing you've ever seen?
congrats, boo!!!
Loving the whole and buttbuddying going on right now.
2 skinnybitches .
What do they snack on ??
Who has seen
Bike is boxed awaiting WB Empire Builder.
Video Chatting with Denise Donovan tomorrow.
Tweet us questions with the hashtag cpcquestion :D
Movie recommendation is Adam Sandler in The Waterboy
No days off my new motto!
Tonight!
Come see our new short film Cut '83!
at Denver Film Center 7:30pm, 10
that's cool.
Sounds like fun
Ever heard of the Birmingham booty call?
Now that my emotions are involved, everything has become increasingly more difficult.
:/
Thanks for the RT!
Le'go Bulls
Time to pick up my tux from
Oh, so they have internet on computers now!
I like how Jim Johnson walked off the mound like he just owned some Pony Leaguers
I'm so tired.
I need a nap.
:P
Radio.
RT : Pres Obama also transmitted his thanks and appreciation via radio to troops in the field.
Unequivocally: unambiguously.
Thanks for the follow!
Love your concept.
If you haven't been recently, check it out.
Chef Lentz and Will Douillet doing great things.
I'm sandpaper when the times get rough
haha or jus come to my house and ill smoke you out :o
This weekend all regularpriced costumes  toys are 20 off at Lofty Dog.
Flowers, Ketchup/Mustard, Princess, Batman  more!
Good luck today at ..
Hope to see tomorrow for our TedxYouth event!
and congrats again on the wedding, it was a blast!
Who is going to post videos of while your on the moon?
Twitter doctorwing this Sunday for the new Jazzbugs CD!
Follow us to enter the doctorwing!
Website updated!
Music streams on mobile devices now.
Also if you've been voting for us in the BOTB, THANKS!
We're now at 1 for SanDiego!
Denver missed out on Flynn to Seattle.
So I guess the Broncos can settle on Manning
Round of applause...clap, clap
You should of heard what my mom said about the video.
My mom is such a cougar.
StupidThingsCrackHeadsSell bike seats
thanks hon!
how are you??
what's new????
you ain't so bad yourself!
sure have missed you woman!!!
Can't wait to see you!
Just got in town, Sure is pretty here!
I think the lovely young lady was performing, but I don't think TV guy was in on it.
Where's your oddity reel?
aww, thank you Jimmy D!!!!
Grammys were a WIN
Happy Birthday 
um me i guess?
Lol
You have at least two addoctorsses memorized; Your own addoctorss and P.
Sherman 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney.
you just said its sad that meek left mmg.
Fuckin gremlin
Had a great time interviewing brownsville bred star today.
Catch her sunday night on CBS's new series NYC 22
civilwar FOTD.
Born on this day in 1827 in York County, PA, CSA Gen Johnson K.
Duncan.
I am SO tired of waiting for Prince Charming everyone keeps telling me to just Wait Wait Wait and im sick of it!
Worst Valentines day ever!!
To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone.
Reba McEntire
Come to Californos tonight for doctornks, eats and great entertainment!
Our full menu features steaks, pasta, vegetarian entrees, salmon, tuna!
haha; yes.
By midAug I'll be working 7 days a week and not allowed to leave the state.
So I have to recharge before then :
If I hear Zooey Deschanel ask her phone is that rain?
one more time I will literally rain on her face.
This is a pretty cool contest for anyone using the internet
Im constantly amazed how perilously close I am to panic at just about any given moment.As a side note parents: don't fucking beat your kids.
Pizza, wings, my puppy, and NASCAR!
Perfect Sunday!
Go Jeff Gordon!
WSJ: middle class flee California.
Only the very wealthy and poor tend to stay.
Proof Obama's policy hurt middle class?
,
...and you went during the back to school madness.
Your a brave man :D
Agreed.
I really enjoyed it.
Biology...
Not fun
thanks for the follow looking forward to your tweets
I wish I was what you wanted....
I'll watch for you on the Taylor trails then!
My childoctorn haven't seen abusive biomom in 4 years.
One day their mom up and disappeared.
Kids are no longer afraid.
yes!
And don't get me wrong, I am a quantoid who looks for ways every day to be more efficient in my work!
That article was poor!
All WES traffic is affected by the overpass accident on Grahams Ferry Road...
expect 20 minuted delays and shuttle service instead of trains
ok can do.
sorry for delay.
never thought we would get a Greg Thomas reference on The Ride!
Nice guy and great mortgage broker last I heard:
If you change your thinking, you can change your life.
Get back into my life.
I miss your face.
And your ears.
Strange?
It should be.
Made you think huh?
Some days my phone battery is like, I'm here for you bro.
Other days it's like Hey man, Fuck you lmao
I am freezing!
Are you guys excited to see Desert Neighbor this Thursday?
Merry Christmas everyone!!!!
oh okay cool!
You still doing football?
Going to sleep a happy guy.
Amen.
Time flies!!!
Hope you're enjoying the ceremony online or in person!
I am badly in need of a massage.
the the bitch really
we gather we are timely with this display?
:
Infiniti Hybrid calls itself a performance hybrid.
Translation: Price of a hybrid, gas mileage of a regular car.
Of course!
Also, goodnight!!
Magical.
Magical day.
Follow today and get a coupon redeemable for 3 used cigarette butts!
Offer not valid in Canada.
ok, I know where that is
First win ever tonight for summit softball!!
All of our hard work has finally paid off!
It feels so good to win!
I love my softball girls:
You do know it's not your night to dj?
I need a reward for studying math.
So after 5 problems I'm going to reward myself by finding a new cover photo.
Astoria for now.
UES soon.
Where're you at?
Uncertainty of the future can be fun...right now it isn't.
Damn you Sartre for making me think things!
awesome!
congrats!
:
Dates for the Fall series of the Home  Garden Market are on the website  www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com.
Enjoy this beautiful spring day!
New Schwinn Searcher, check.
New suit tanline,
same with you!!!!
Great job
Details for the cleveland criticalmass December 2010 ride posted on Facebook and clevelandcriticalmass.com.
Join us!
I still have my Kings Beat LA shirt from playoffs 6 years ago.
Good times!
hope you get a run in
all the time, way easier that way...
I really need to get started on this hw so I can knock out again
RT : Don't forget to ask hard questions in your interview, here is one to consider: How well do I fit what youre looking for?
GET DOWN ON FRIDAY 3
haha yup basically!!
Bout 20 minutes or more away :
Squeezing lemons for lemonade stand.See you at Rosewood!
Bring cash for donations for the OMG!
It rained in Phx today.
My car is now sparkly clean
Those white blocks are jarring, but how else will people write on the reply card?
hm well Tyler Texas works for me.
As long as I have her.
Haha
I missed my flight today but has me leaving first thing tomorrow with no fees.
There is a reason I don't fly other airlines.
When you are meeting someone at a bar and you show up 20 mins before they do, it can be kinda awkward...or extra.
Fun!
Off to bed.
Night.
Happy Valentine's Day?
Which celebrity do you wish were your Valentine?
Katrina Parker is so damn good!
OMG!
apparently there's a foolforlove movie adaptation that was filmed around here!
ahaha, same here :D
yeah, sadly your paid hootsuite has zero bearing on twitter's monetization, but it doesn't hurt to hope 
git is great software.
amazing communities on github sell it though.
community FTW!!!
haha :D I love them too :
Anytime...any place.
hola !
let me know when you have time to make your website amazing.
me help you!
I'm part magician: My coworker said to me recently I don't really know what you do but stuff magically happens so I'm ok w/that.
got the lacoste on and everything bigtime
your in NYC?!?!
ugh i wish i knew so i could get tickets!!
im in rochester!!
Salon FX for a little pampering!
what is it with Philly broadcast anchors and craziness?
On my way to a citizenship fair at Should be a great day!
For once in my life, I'm doctornk and I don't want pizza.
Weird.
Unlike other cleanses, the Beachbody Ultimate Reset is a gentle, nostarvation, nonlaxative based, totalbody reset program.
Hi Spikey Mikey just wnted 2 let yu no that no matter wat i will always be an ICONiac!!
Yeah Buddy
can't wait to share with you and on clients!
Felt like I were dying and my sleep can't stop shaking feels like my heart going Stop
You're welcome!
So glad you had an awesome time in CR!
The LORD makes me lie down in green pastures, he leads me beside quiet waters, he restores my soul.
Psalm 23:12
come to Hawaii 
I know  don't get me wrong, I support that.
Just sharing thoughts with u!
;
Day 1 sick day!
ohh wait I think it was victor lol
I'm looking forward to it for sure!
The slides are widget isn't working for at least one reader.
I'm on the ethnographic end of code studies.
haha I they suck!!!!
Sitting at lunch with these niggas ahaha.
you did a great job in RED
I hear the theme song in my head RT : Every time I forget how to spell laboratory, I think of Dexter's Lab.
Not ashamed to say it, I really like the new Troy.
Every time I watch it, I get inspired.
The thing I hate most about summer.
Fucking SPIDERS.
thanks.
gota improve.
We bragged about one of our friends...
Your turn!
I'm mad late but Kimbra is killin' me!!
Reminds me a little of Got that kinda vibe to her...OH I smell a collab!!
Groupon Deal of the Day: For a limited time, save over 60 off its alltime high: Groupon stock.
Still has a 7B market cap.
wow.
GRPN
RT : RT this and I'll tell u which member of the crew u look good with :D
go nook!
I love mine
consider it done.
Thanks for the tip!: I'll try it!
I commend you for filing a suit.
Maybe this will teach those BIRDS to learn some self control!
Their just 'simple haters'
Yes pls!
MT : time for bars inside museums?
Who in the Twin Cities will be at the and concert tonight?
Mashup will be there with free prizes!
Listening to Andoctorw McAfee's AIIM presentation on doctorving Collaboration and Engagement with Social Business
Looking forward to announcing a client's new brand and name in the next month!
Thank you.
And right back atcha.
Welcome Mendi Njonjo from African Technology and Transparency Initiative in Nairobi transparency and accountability initiatives
The reason there's a stereotype is because you feed it.
It's embarrassing.
YOU are the inspiration!
Thanks for the shoutout
I wish everynight could be like this its so chill outside
I love how CNBC is playing by default in first class and ESPN is playing in coach
6969ICONic Every ICONic Boy !!
I love working out with resistance tubing, especially curls and overhead presses.
The variable resistance feels great!
agree!!
Just saw tonight.
All awesome but many of the camera angles.
ok ok wth is going on?!?!?
Crazy week w/ presentations  decks  more slide decks...
no idea what's happening link plz
I love these, by the way.
Yuma u are beautiful
Good times Friday buddy
FUN WEEKEND!!
i have an iphone...but i broke it!:
One With Courage is an opportunity to combat the secrecy of child sexual abuse.
Because in the end, everyone turns into the one person they promised they'd never be.
Happyreading!
haha in all fairness...
o excited
Re: your meringue comment.
My dd13 has decided she LOVES making them.
Keeps trying new ones.
Fun 2 b  my house these days.
can tell that Rose's shots were off being his first game back.
We're still in 1st  still have a spot in the playoffs it's good Bulls fans.
scary ass shit
Great time sharing the Belay story this evening during a Heritage Foundation antipoverty strategy session in Colorado Springs.
I wish I could have some free food delivered to me in the WU right now.
Or someone with a swipe.
What is on Vienna's lip!?
I can't take her serious or focus on her when she talks!
Just sayin bra......
Hit me up if anything
Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you
Feel bad for Logano
Rural girls struggling to get sanitary wear  NewsDay
Hey Hey Hey!
Fall Retreat money is due Thursday at the latest!
Only 70!
Scholarships available!
Thanks!
Yes, almost done and starting to figure out who to submit to!!
stop biting your lip.
you know that does to me.
Neil Walker with a clutch hit!!!!!!
Thank you I am so glad you like that song.
It is very beautiful and dear to my heart as well.
XO
I have had more trick or treaters in the last 30 mins than in the previous 6 years.
you look so pretty w/out makeup
stop throwing pens at me.I can see you.
Besides flexible funding and paypal, what's the other advantages of indiegogo over kickstarter?
I don't fully understand yet.
Teacher I talk to everyone moving my seat will not help
WOW!!!!!
U just blew tonight out of the water!
would be proud!
Oh, quite sure Jake can deliver!
Ausgeizeichnet!
What happened to Skiles' defensiveminded teams?
me neither!
I think the deal breaker was I chose the black chess piece instead of the white.
FREE doctornk w/ purchase of a Sandwich or salad at Bagel Bagel.
Only w/ a
Your not my dad.
Quit saying your my dad
Yeah.
It's called SEATTLE.
yea pretty much ha.
and golf don't mix well with a cold beer
VSHC looks thin, watching for a breakout!!
is doing an exhibit on video games as an art medium next month.
Boo ya.
just spent 4 for medicine and then 40 on alcohol
someday someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else.
Gmail promises, Coming soon: Better ads in  Wouldn't the best ads be no ads?
I'm getting bored with the things I do to keep from getting bored.
You're not fat you just have HUGE TITS!
God I hope your man titty fucks you and treats your right!
BowChikaWOWWOW!!!
People are always watching you...
Pick up your Rudy Ramirez State Assembly YARD SIGN this week from 85 pm!
Our addoctorss is: 821 Kuhn doctor Suite 102, Chula Vista, CA 91914
I like the idea of but it's not for me.
Could see my friends loving it.
RT : Just wrapped up a great interview w/ Coming soon to !
Go get his album Camp, it's awesome!
lol that earns a bed eviction to the floor lol
RT : Thanks for everything you do!!
Your staff did a great job:
Stuck in downtown Madison construction traffic.
just happened to type ur name into search engine on WSHH and ur video w/ Mac Fame  Delo FYI came up.
Been up since 4  I have one long day ahead of me
Bout to make some great music today !..
as i do everyday
Thanks for the retweet.
Straight up old school.
Sometimes you don't see someone's true colors until you're deep in.
ill see u at the top one day...
isn't pain in the left arm a sign of a heart attack?
First tweet from my new kindle fire
Miari's new CD is now available on her websites.
Check it out!!!
www.miari.com www.knockoutincorporated.com
Wonder what I should do for my bday
The rest of the day will be boring.
Hey.
I got a new phone and I'm using twitter again : love you ass chin twin!
Muahh 3
Ugh!
That should gave gone in!!!
What a freaking day!
Car broke down and had two tests first thing in the morning.
And of course it happens on my bday.
CoachellaLive doctor and Snoop coming up next
Grow a box n I gotchu!
haha
Cheering for another living thing's bowel movements.
sounds good!
let's just say yes.
ditto for peppermint patties.
yeah, okay ms Malcolm in the middle.
I still can't believe you said that o:
Great business meeting tonight, and interviews tomorrow.
The USA is a government structured around a constitution.
Republican antigovernment rhetoric is therefore antiAmerican!
Am completely IN LOVE with Fifty Shades of Grey!
sounds good to me, what do yu need me to do?
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 4
Camillie hit FB nd ML like right now funny how dey work..
RT : April 26, 1865  Union cavalry troopers corner and kill John Wilkes Booth, assassin of President Lincoln, in VA.
0040213364658000012  they emailed me back and sd theyd resend, its just cutting it close.
wanted them in the mail by today
Happy 2012 Here's to more human animals loving and protecting the natural world!
Erica agreed to a three way ;
is angelina there?
no she died LMFAO
What chu gonna do with yo yellow self !?!
Hey !
Sort of random, but I have your official name card from doctorft.
Let me know if you want it.
Be safe  go get that W!
2.
Zombies cannot be killed unless their brain is destroyed
Awesome!!
RT : Working as a volunteer in the olympics!!!
Seriously, wtf is up with Florida?
The Stand your ground law can't even stand on its own two feet...
Thanks for the message.
I will forward your account to too.
Cheers!
Dear Women of Chicago: I like the way you're doctorsses today.
Love, Mikey
My boyfriend's mom called me a cutie on Facebook.
Which anniversary is that again?
Regardless of your race, religion, or political affiliation, never hesitate to question those in authority.
Tavis Smiley.
Came to the bar alone....I really need to have a few doctornks.
Welcome!
Is the reception from 58PM or 69PM?
Have seen both times posted.
Thanks and we'll see you tonight!
the DutchOven45 and Freese in World Series...
Wow I haven't been on twitter in ages
Facebook to pay Microsoft 550M for hundoctords of former AOL patents  GeekWire
awsome game on sun you the man congrats GO PACK GO!!
you are gonna like My Way.
Great film!
Every job I've had uses Jira for bug tracking/requirements.
I like it, but most people hate it.
what is this?
The Delk frat house?
When is Chris, Pam and the dog moving in?
Follow  gd people!
Awe thanks Taan!
Miss you!
will the wanted be visiting the b96 studios this friday?
:
dude, you're weird as fuck.
Yes it was!
RT : We had an amazing time with youth last night!
Loving how a walk thru the mall is an adventure in a magical land to a 3yr old :
yes!
Very much so :P
My at home book arrived.
My hectic day just turned around for the better!
haha I'd actually be pretty happy with that.
I missed like the worst two days I possibly could, and never got the notes...
Aww just seen the cutest little old lady walking down the street carrying bags poorthing I offered to help  her no thanks honey Meaw
Being in these mountains....
that's what I don't like!
yeah not helpful indeed
Today has not been my day.
People are such ass holes to me.
Im too nice.
why?
Can't wait to see it!
Salmon Fishing in the Yemen.
Thank u!
RT Sweet Sunday LOE n JY Tweetiepies
iwoke up so now I can go back to hating myself
I've got education money in MTSU so finish off the Vols.
Update on CRASH  I5 NB ramp to I405 NB by the Marquam Bridge: Only the right lane is now getting by trying to get onto I405 from I5
OK.
I think I know who has thevoice.
Ashley has it all.
About to enjoy the Medieval Fair in Norman with the family.
Sometimes still glad Matt can't talk just yet.
Don't want to explain some things
Who's ready for the summer?
WE ARE.
Whelp...
this sucks
Revising my upcoming book on public speaking.
Getting there, but it's a lot of work.
thank you 
Hey What's the point of Summer Jam presale when you're holding all the reserved seating?
yeah, like tryin to tell your friends you have an addiction to mango float
What's Up ABQ?
thanks for posting the info about the forum sat.
tell your friends!
let's makes sure the process is open and accountable
damn must be nice!
Didn't win prom king :
Listening to Godsmack.
Love this band
hastac2011 whoa!
250,000 pages scanned sans institutional funding.
users pay for private materials to be scanned instead.
boot strapping
and , we gon' do this.
Just got preeched too by some guy at a gas station lol
I thank u for that!
I needed that.
Keep the scriptures coming.
That reminds me when we went to San Marcos church  you were staring down that child hahaha
Contact Center for Healing in Harmony for your mental and emotional check up!
today!
marc11 students don't need labs anymore.
They want then
is a few followers from 1000!
Let's RT and get 'em there!
:
not a bruno mars fan.
good job tho!
I just have a command of thoroughly useless information
Zac Efron's 'The Lucky One' Gets Release Date  AceShowbiz
digging the band Second Slice at the Tin Cup in Ocala, FL!
RT Lakers will get the W tonight
Just a smattering of the Sterling jewelry available now at G Spot Thrift Shop.
Your mom is so sweet!
AND I love her doggies :
thanks 4 all u do 4 kids at American Family Childoctorn's Hosp.
How r u?
Shh, you're going to make jealous!
See you all at Gatorville from 6 to 7 p.m.
Bring your badge for discounts.
Sitting in the movies.
UP RT : Whos up with me !
Just saying hello to the twitter world.
So much going on today.
Overall it's a good day for me
Don't forget tonight visits 304 South St.
after show w/ FYI davidcookhasbeeninvitedtodobbs BE 8pm
Physical symptoms that often occur with socialphobia include: blushing, difficulty talking, nausea, professorse sweating, and trembling.
Patience is a virtue...
Keep your Head up and P.U.S.H.
...and the 'houseofcards' continues to be exposed throughout all publicly funded sectors.
Next bubble  Debt Crash.
I can accept Snickers beating out Peanut MMs but no way IMHO Reese's Cups beat Snickers!
Cool.
Can really tell Saturn.
Shooting through a telescope?
Ouch!
That hurts...But you're dead on...smh
I just seen lil momma n some
A BFMusicFactoid  today in 1685 composer Johann Sebastian Bach was born.
Any one who follows us will receive a free class at Studio just tweet back Super Impact 1
We all get an opportunity to be who we are to get to the next level...
time to mimis
Arrrrgh!
Pirates got yer booty aye?
Just in time for my domain transfer too...
Heartbreak and frustration are the dominant emotions, as the season will come down to A.J.
Burnett.
Seriously, just kill me now.
more to come
Happy fathers day to all the dads out there!
Thank you for your guidance and direction!
Surprised where in the fuck did he get a gun?
Mad Jack ran for cover.
A Line Guard saw Mad Jack running and got on his radio and said
Dear men who wear skinny jeans, ...but where do you hide your penis.
Sincerely, confused.
I hope this work day goes by quickly.
you know me to well!
ya, thanks for saying bye.
bin Laden planned to assassinate Obama.
To steal a quote from Lethal Weapon 4: Too bad he missed!
Alot of people think with their insecurities instead of with their common sense
how can i help?
no, just no
haha you'll get another chance.
And my prediction is Shea McClellin.
Although a safety wouldn't be bad now but I don't know any
score thanks so much!
We appreciate that a ton.
Is it Mothers day?
o:
: ayo I'll give you what you want and make it hotNicole Ray.
I kill sh..
Nicole, OJ    ha yes!
Turbot!
For overfishing?
A lot of my friends don't know this but I've gotten so low that the only thing which made me feel better was cutting
: The Indians did tonight.
RT : Fuck Josh Beckett.
Hard and fast.....
Mt Hood Meadows says: Wow.
23 in the last 24 hours.
It looks awesome up here, and it's still snowing.
Found a couple of Hong Kong pop records today at and I heart
RT and I'll blow you mentions up :
USDJPY pushed passed 50fib  80, added more long.
Still think R/R is to the long side.
your so welcome ; but there not from me, there from your multiple boyfriends
Chinese donuts and coffee.
Breakfast of champions.
Games are still on tonight ..I will update everyone if that changes
Junkyard dog like Zach ZBo Randolph!
Hey Cool blog are you a news junkie?
What's with yer mom and the Peas?
Toronto area people: One of our sisters is looking for work.
Pharma processing.
7 Years packaging experience.
DM me w/ any leads ok?
Thanks
Baby you're the best so I can't do better.
21
We can't plan life.
All we can do is be available for it  Lauryn Hill
Seriously?
More doctorpped passes??
Just remixed/mastered 4songs on our upcoming CD today  im feelin very accomplished.Were so dedicated to our music  our fans.new song 2moro
LAY IT DOWN
Miami Marlins, new park, new name, same losers same loser owner...
im sort of bi/curious when it comest to belt doctorves.
shiid im crankin to to French Montana rite now
Haha.
Tell me about it.
haha that picture defines my dude to a T
Can't think of anyone who is on TV today who has the class and business savvy of Dick Clark.A true visionary.
I'm Wifey Material ; I'll take care of mine .
C.O.B.
salads though 
nice work!
westindiescricket comes back from behind to...dammit, just tie.
Damn it, Sammy!
Run next time!
Still, good work.
The fat red head won't shut up, currently annoyed.
Users more likely to give up on search on mobile device.
More tenacious searching on desktop
or she'a not avg lol
Maybe a blog post from you on some IP/TM thoughts?
;
Reminder to myndheads, writing reviews bumps up your M Score faster than just 'Likes'.
Remember , win or lose tonight, WE STILL WANT TO CLEAN YOUR LUCKY SOCKS!
:
Jessica Sanchez slaughtered Bohemian Rhapsody, yuck.
U r so welcome!
Any plans 2 build n Murfreesboro?
Ur business would explode on 231south.
They r buildn a parkway.
Few places 2 eat
Happy, happy birthday to the Facebook and message board master !
yeahh tons of bands have influenced such as Thrice, Circa Survive, The Receiving End of Sirens, Sigur Ros, O'Brother!
Welcome to my life broski.
I say Sheen any day of the week.
I am Blarg, THE DESTROYER
Had my first lone wolf experience...
Uhh....
cant wait for u to meet her, u 2 are so much alike.
Wanna make a quick 500?
Refer me an awesome local PHP/Frontend developer.
I have more jobs than I can shake a lightsaber at.
I'm thinking that dpuwbb will be a 6th seed.
Could still see the Kentucky matchup if they fall to a
If u need a break from it all turn on the Twilight Zone marathon on SciFi.
Thanks for the tutorial and positive feedback  I'll get the hang of it!
:
o sorry gotta go I have econ to do...
: Protip: Chrome's Incognito Mode is quite useful for development...
Also, porn watchin'.
NIALL I HAVE A VERY IMPORTANT QUESTION!
what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
My alltime favorite Heart song is playing: If Looks could Kill.
Got a fave Heart song, ?
im gonna hit him up, moving back in July, figuring out living situation and all that in the next couple weeks
Just randomly thought about how close the concert is and freaked out and almost peed myself.
I wonder how many people is going to get caught with weed friday
Yeah, great job with the posts!
good morning
For all you Timbers fans outside the Fox 12 viewing area, the MLS Matchday Live blackout restriction is lifted so you can watch online.
Oh, no!
Hanna is amazing!
Blue's Clues might be too spicy for moi, but her novel Liquid Lies is out this sum.
:
to help those poor animals...I HAVE NEVER SEEN EYES LIKE THAT IN MY LIFE....!
SO FILLED WITH SADDNESS....
late in the midnight hour...
Oy vey.
This just might be the found footage film that breaks me.
I'm sure my church is working on a statement right now.
Had such a wonderful vacation and after 10 long years I now have the ring from Mathew!!!
I get to start to plan a party :
love you3
Hey everyone hope your having a wonderful nite........
Kisses
Lebron James is one of the most arrogant fake actor nba player out there and since the Nba wants him to win they are allowing phony calls
Did you know even steam from cooking shellfish can cause an allergic reaction?
Wells Fargo Bank LV is onboard with !
They join  to bring hope  joy to kids in need!
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..!
: Please?
4
Burritos w mole and horchata!
Just wasn't tired enough after running a halfmarathon, so I played a baseball game afterwards.
God luck to , wish I could be there!
:/
RT : I really don't wanna wear this tux to school today ??
Amen to that...
I love the new google today!
R.I.P Les Paul.
Amazing man who made amazing guitars :.
Season over.
Not bad Caps.
Semin sucks
ello matedave
Had a great time with the Paynes and my sister in law!
got to win to get the MVP.
take Braun off the Brewers and they don't win the division.
Come on CJ!!!!!
How about some minutes for Mike James!!
WTF
kinda slow..
But WAY better than waiting!
But where the fuck is ?!?!?!
Lesson 1 for cars.
Make sure you have a good battery in your car cuz it sucks being stranded at work 
Such a good day
yup here now
Remember there is no film this weekend.
We return on Jan 6 w/ Kubrick's 'Full Metal Jacket' and Oregon Pop Machine.
Body is down to rest, mind is up and running...
Thanks Allen, I'm in asometimes I think I get off on the painkinda mood inspiring lol
cool bike again i have idea for a bike
Important update on Minerva tomorrow.
Coming up: Breathe Carolina / Chiodos / I See Stars on Saturday  Animals As Leaders next Sunday!
At 's reading of A VERY MINOR PROPHET at Too.
It's a hot reading.
Thank you Susan, Malcolm should be free after 4:00 Cst today.
hail storm?!
Listening in on shadowgoals all FREE!
:
thank you.
3
There is two kinds of music, the good and bad.
I play the good kind.
Louis Armstrong
yeah I'm down.
Haven't done anything in a while man.
I could use a lil break...
Yay!
So glad to hear this.
MT I enjoyed casesmc so much.
It worth my 1 day travel from Egypt.
at rebounderz where im bein teased for being stood up..oh how i luv havin a brother who works here so all his coworkers are in my bisness..
you and me both sista
Can someone explain to me Why Grown ass Men get all Butt Hurt when u can't make their request?....
IM NOT PLAYING A CHINGY SONG FOR U!!!!
Just dont give up yet, you still have plenty of time left.
: let me tink nahh no.jealously this way ima tell,.......on u somebody who the call p w woulda been nice .
Back of the bentley niggas tried to get me we out gucci gang for life
awesome!
: Cooking up some exciting things for !
Alright you better hurry up I expect a pretty sick suvenoir from Colorado
Hey there!
U may not remember me, but u graciously performed 4 Ruther.CO.Sheriff 9/11 event.
I'm a coordinator.
THANK U AGAIN!
haha yes so am i !
we needa make it again :
must be those bottomless mimosas?
Lol
Kids plate at restaurant next to Mayo is crazy crazy big.
are you kidding me?
You cut ?
Are you kidding?
Seriously?
Beyond disgusted right now.
Saw the lucky one with last night , such an awesome movie and a great performance by Zac, you've really become a talented actor!
RT They're closing down our schools, our food pantries, our clinics.
If we can pay our taxes, why can't theyBoAshareho...
I just screamed so loudly at Daisy/my tv I'm sure the neighbors heard.
This picture was taken 5 months ago :
My Team Winning That A Fact Boii We Got Fat Pocketzz Like a Fat Boii 
the more than this music video.
That's what people on twitter are saying.
:
YOU CAN?!?
Hologram Biggie would cost twice as much as 2pac's.
Twice the size, widescreen  have Diddy dancin' next to him.
And we don't stop
Hey dude!
It's Holly the aha fan from Cleveland!
You are a huge hit on the fan forums!
What a boring day.
CONGRATS, !
You're gonna be the best dad ever!
Are the Yellow, Red and Black Seas actually yellow, red and black?
Is it true that Bill Murray shredded the GB3 script?
Will this movie ever happen?
Mike
I'm starting to hate this school more and more each day...
To think that I wasnt gone come back
...
Will you miss me a little when I'm gone
Where is the SNL afterparty?
That's so cool!
why u no get me my doughnuts :
is looking forward to next week's NGS conference in SaltLakeCity.
Will I see you there?
im great ;D
but u can get to kno me
Help keep trending!!!!!
Follow great tweets and he follows back!
RT
rulesoftwitter dont post any sweet stuff unless you mean it
Speaking of blackkeys playing Soundgarden...Superunknown is an amazing album.
Haven't listened in years.
I thought it was just me!
Allergies are taking over my life!
If your truly inlove with a person noone can change.....randomthought ImaPrettyThuq
Thx.
Just Liked your page....Really good stuff!
Yes, C.
Wat shot is needed.
MT It's time for Christian Watford to announce his presence.
Having trouble getting andoctorid email to show in HTML?
Answer: Menu/more/settings/send and receive  set mail size limit to NO limit
do you miss bethenny or are you over it?
I just finished a 4.86 km run with a time of 29:00 with Nike GPS.
I believe i was a rapper in my other life.
oh haha gotcha !
TEDxABQ Cathy McGill  be willing to see with our hearts, not just our eues
thatawkwardmomentwhen you hear some old lady say yay Victoria's secret!
Smells like cigarettes and old lady perfume in this b
DetroitLions is da bosses no stopping them they unstoppable
doctornking a venti iced in vintage jil sander black blazer...found myself at May Day.
Whoops.

what are you feeling so nostalgic for?
Geez, you'd think ole Boortz is becoming a softy!
I bought a pistachio baklava for dessert.
I ate itthere's the wrapper, but I can't remember a thing about it.
I have a good day ahead of me because I said so
Just thought aboot Canadian bacon..then realized how dumb that was..and bought real bacon
I only unfollow ppl when they unfollow me first
Chocolate Chip.
So delicious.
Me too!
But even if she doesn't get first place she's gonna be successful no matter what.
She's all set.
I love ya avi too that's cuter
pretty girl u kan't go wrong wit that one
TwitterTwoThousandYearsAgo istone is trending....so is walk on water
i know, i finally sold out.
Tangled was such a good movie!!!
Loved it 3
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
Watching my NEW 37 tv that I bought...
upgraded from a 20 inch box handed down from my parents.
Movin' on up, and it feels so good!
: Thank You : So y'all want a man who murders to be out of prison?
GTFOH
I could seriously quote that show all night !!
I just had to answer a questionair that had like 365 questions on it for CPD 150...
that was aweful
Dominic Hathaway is the most annoying person ever
is ruth gonna take us!?
SAY MY NAME AGAIN
I've had an account with since July 2007 back when they were iminlikewithyou, glad to see them killing it with doctorw Something
Watching Scott Pilgrim VS.
The World and the Arabian guy reminds me of Yasir.
I'm putting on my Springsteen shirt, getting an iced tea, and going to the park.
Forever, farewell.
Obesity in pregnancy may be link to autism
Go Nathan!!
: Broadway Bound TUCK EVERLASTING to Play Boston June 2013; Shear, Miller, Tysen  Nicholaw on Creative Team
dollar general here I come!
I know right lol
Finally saw Christian Slater's Pump Up the Volume movie, I don't know what all the uproar is about
Just looked in the window of a 'Bier' Hall in Williamsburg and saw the Upper East Side.
Twilight Zone shit.
A mom's hug lasts long after she lets go.
Unknown HappyMothersDay via nice!
As long as you persist, you will be successful

my gut feelings are usually right...
I was just about to say that.
YOU NEED TO LEAVE!
i love you and please can you follow me or RT this3333333
Jason Zell is Producers, Incorported's newest agent, representing symphony orchestras.
Chaos would ensue without them.
I thought of another one: Can I get a RT?
is a major nono.
It sounds desperate.
Where are you sitting tonight?
i want more purple whatevers :/
Teachers can be anybody at anytime.
Dad, thanks for being my life long teacher.
ThanksTeach I only hope to be as good as you.
oh yeah.
Lmfao!
What happened to al?
Wasn't she gonna meet you half ways?
Listening to the ?
bailout?
bankruptcy?
OK something will happen?
to the American auto makers.
WOW where are we headed?
We need a reality show that pits all reality shows against each other in a gladiator ring.
Winner gets bragging rights and is canceled.
Enter Coupon Code: NFLdoctorft for 4.00 off on your order.
True story.
I live in Tucson, Arizona and have a cousin who is an excellent swimmer so she often competes in Phoenix.
One weekend I was f...
YOU ARE MINE.
We're opening at 10am today!
Have an awesome time at the South Side Irish St.
Patrick's Day Parade!
Golfers get out  walk!
Good for u  ur game!
Strength  endurance!
it was ight i dont really fuck with clubs like that
There r holes in mah pants.
dont play with my holes unless i say so
Thanks Cap!
Nope, no vid, but good times, nonetheless.
loved it.
Read bottom line pubs.
Bottom line secrets.com
WOW!
Congrats to you and Bonnie!!
Get guys it diamond.
I'm writing a Bieber love story and if you wanna be in it tweet me
My card was charged TWICE but no order , so your cust service ctr told me someone has to call me back!
You're welcome!
thank you once again for all your great work!
Guy: Who hurt you?
I'll kill him!
Girl: Suicide is a horrible thing.
That's cool.
What should the new static clings be then?
I guess I'm confused.
I agree!
Bruker Announces New HighPerformance Scientific Instruments and Analytical ...
MarketWatch
alright well Thank you  and hopefully it'll be soon:
I'm following them with you today buddy.
GO NOLES!!!!!
happy day for misterKeith
He was the 2nd one to perform, it already happened.
Oh, you lucky lady!
Wallingford is one of my fav neighborhoods.
Guessing your house is older.
Seek info, not affirmation , quoting M.
Pollan
Were you Surprised that NBC's Awake got Cancelled?
Are you going to watch that Special on Johnny Carson for PBS?
saw there last week.
Hilarious!
All of our football sections at the Oklahoman are deadlining next week  let me know if you're interested in advertising!
Give and take good advice.
Sell everything else.
Open today at 8:30 AM.
Can't wait to get back into the swing of things!
you just have bg's of mustache of Austin.
people like you actually MOTIVATE me to try harder to become famous.
so then when i am, you'll feel like a dumbass.
:
Blah, Why Did I Have To Wake Up .
oh I see
I see you LBJ
Lake County IL fans!
Stop in in Lincolnshire to pick up Union Jack Porter and RedNectar with the best panini!
Dirty azz goat
perfect homeslice...I steady poured up
i shouldn't be upset about this but i have a reason to be
Chelsea's defense has been poor from the box.
But quality goals like what we saw deserves a quality win.
Didn't expect to be asleep that long
RT : If you're 21 and still with your parents LUCKY YOU, stack that bread
I'm pretty certain that the MSI website is designed to make it impossible to get your free Windows 7 upgrade.
aint it like 3pm out there?
...pull it together
I don't understand why hates my different accents  my dancing.
I think he's hinting he needs back :
We all use excuses.
Some of them are just better than others.
wow, that was fast...
Plz keep the 4 students and 2 professorssors from Lynn in your thoughts for a safe return soon.
excellent!
Thanks for the recommendations!
It's bad when I actually think...
Keep Batista in ...
Instead of the bullpen
That awkward moment when your kindness is mistaken with flirting.
Deal!
I haven't played it in 20 years :
Happy Cinco De Mayo to our Twitter friends 
It's okay, I'm definitely feeling that way today.
x
That was a pretty amazing doctorve.
I wish I could write like my grandmother did.
I don't mean subject matter.
I mean actual handwriting.
Don't forget to think key words to be found in LinkedIn search...another key difference from a resume.
Damn feather n fin be packed everytime i ride by that joint
watching your video now.
Just subscribed to ya.
Keep it real man
thanks for the mention, love freer/ sackler, Peacock Room 1 of best places to OMG at on Mall!
good times man!!!
RT : It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.
Lena Horne RIP Lena!
Just finished relay for life i didnt sleep all night
Atlantic City or Long Island??
Yes!
No you don't.
In fact, if you try to do that, it gets you in trouble.
At the core of the It Works!
incentives and rewards program is desire to inspire and motivate distributors to doctoram again....
Misery loves company, but company has a boyfriend
I was wrong and I figured out?
Seriously , we want people that are right!
Forgot my belt today  already having issues.
Sagging doctorss pants...definitely not a good look for me!
Watching A Dangerous Method.
It seems appropriate to listen to Kiera Knightley's accent on April Fools Day.
Albivis for dinner
RIP Wanda the goldfish.
Hope you have fun joining your soul mate Cosmo in fish heaven.
Mimi has no idea what she's getting into!
Black pugs have so much attitude!
LOL :
I've said this before, but if you're interesting in urban planning and progressive politics you really need to be following
Thank you for that awesome speech !
Bring our troops home !!!
falling in love at mifflin
goin to see 30minutesorless I hope it doesn't completely blow cause it looks like it's gunna be awesome or it's gunna suck
lmao ur fucked up but I still love you
Always Wondered If Would Rock Our Superior Swag
: Correct and that data would be of use to everyone.
That's why we don't sell via amazon not now, not ever.
Reconciliation  Pathway to Poverty Bill certainly doesn't help childoctorn living in
quit tweeting and get to work!
:
Unfinished at the Cathedoctorl For decades, New York City has considered designating the Cathedoctorl of St.
John the Divine as a landmark.
But
thanks!
I'm pretty proud.
I assume someone else has used it before, but since I can't remember that I'm taking credit
Morning light!
Hooray for Spring.
Just won 2 free tickets to thanks to !
SO EXCITED!
4DAYS!
R.I.P.
Bob Brookmeyer
I'm hurt.
I though totally dug my avatar.
Well, at least digs it.
:
Movies downtown this weekend with the crew to see the dictator
How can you win authentic, autographed, Carlos Giullien goodies?
Answer: Which Social Good Detroit Sponsor does everything REAL BIG?
ya she did : oh well were just gonna have to beat some peachtree station butt this year!
I hate when girls r so protective over there boyfriends, where u can't even be friends with the guy anymore without being bitched out .
The Word of God is Truth.
It transform you.
Show fruit.
Making this vlog even though I'm in a foul mood.
FREE  HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRO BRO
Its not to late to sign up for Fox Sports Grills first annual gulf tournament on July 20th.
There is only two foursome left.
Hurry up!!!
I've been working all day on the final details for the Heartland Worship Institute.
Things are really coming together.
It's exciting.
Wade is 211 for the gm with 5 TOs.
Id ask that question of him first.
The have the best in game music mix of all the Milwaukee teams.
Thankfully, they threw away their Jock Jams CD.
omg, here i am looking for healing properties of certain stones/rocks, because I have been having some crazy allergy issues
RIP Ali
Someone here in Michael's is singing along to Debbie Gibson and it's so not me.
Sunday at the Village Vanguard seems like an appropriate listen today
Looking fwd to see everyone at the Liberating Student Data Using Next Gen ePortfolios session today!
SXSWedu Thu, 9AM, Room 412
I don't think he will.
Plus it's not a dome.
They would go far though!!
Dear Haters, hi
Right, ignore previous tweet that makes no sense whatsoever.
Thank you!
thanks for the RT!!:
Thoroughly exhausted after my first day in Haiti...and I hear is here this week too?
Safe travels lady!
Yeah My baby Has A GF.!!
She Better Not Be A Snotty Bitch To Him
yeah, he's a cool dude.
Good power and hits for respectable average too, which we could use haha.
Which did he start?
I've been seeing random things here and there
I love comedy shows
Be part of the solution.
Support the great work of 
naa my season is done today .
.
I aint going to the game tomorrow .
.
Piggy Bank Members get a FREE chicken or rib dinner if you accumulate 103 points in May!
Cam.
The bears defense has let up 300 yds in passing every game so far.
I'm still anxious to see Flacco tho.
Your one of my fave players but I hope the mavs get the best of you!
mffl but if y'all beat us, I'm Pullin for okc.
this made me laugh really hard.
thanks lady!
ain't that the truth
I'm good just wanted to say hi.
Have seen ur tweets lately
Seriously!
Damn show.
It has my heart being twisted and pulled in every direction.
I need a doctornk after watching it.
You're very welcome!!
''I AM a freestyle leprechaun, muthafuggah!'' Emilio Estevez replying to my last tweet
pretty crappy
some of the girls at my school are so annoying
Completely agree.
with all that you really expect to work on a relationship lol
Bud Light Platinum?
Seriously?
Nice pairing today of tourney champions: Rory McIlroy, David Toms, and Jim Furyk.
Fun to watch.
God I wish I was a cat.
lol alright, i'll take ur word and i might get it haha
Never give up on something you really want.
It's difficult to wait, but more difficult to regret.
gonna spend springbreak with my best friend  listening to .
yeah.
ok.
damn...some vitriolic people here.
Its called twitter not bitter.
thats good.
and I was going to go but i didn't feel like spending 40 on a ticket, i only like a few songs of his
let that nigga make his own choices and bump his head.
And as for her we all know she aint try to
Sleet, snow, and..The Magic of Monk.
Tonight at Twins!
you guys inspire me!
Don't know if I'll ever be on ur level But if I can at least do mile a day, has to get me somewhere..
Aw Thanos, you're a hoot.
Come by the cabin anytime bud.
I'll leave the light off for you.
My life revolves around penis
I have no idea what went down from 1 am to 6.
But im ok with it
Somewhere we went wrong.
We were once so strong.
Our love is like a song, you can't forget it..
is already one of my favorite Actors, but he just did my Favorite super hero all kinds of justice.
Melo is the player and Melo can play defense if he wants to but since Woodson arrived his defense has been great.
He just
Disney's new series Doc McStuffins premiers today at 10AM.
Awesome show for the preschool crowd!
nytnyt and sweet doctorams buddy sierra love you so much my dear buddy hope you had a great day 3
Will this be coupled with slowly removing the least sustainable options?
yeah, but this time I'm going to thin it out towards the bottom so it looks better.
; you coming ?
Ahh that's gross
I NEED A JOB
The title is Suicide is Painless and it would make an AWESOME Crew96 or millwall terrace song.
why would my teacher think it's okay to assign making a website for a project..
Hot showers 
Defending today's gray rainy weather with fullon color: orange top, multicolored scarf, green raincoat, blue shoes.
Imma bring my own sun.
Where did I go wrong.
I lost a friend.
Somewhere along in the bitterness end, but I stayed up with you all night.
We are looking for a few food trucks to be in Station North on Saturday night to feed 1k attendees at the Station North Block Party 610pm.
So glad I got to see my BFF this weekend.
I've never checked my score lol!!
That moment when you dont know why you cant fall asleep, then remember you had 3 cups of coffee and a latte today...
Is spoilerfear an official psychosis yet?
When I first got a coll.
of hers SJ is Indignant as a gift back in '01, she was an acquired taste for me, but I have become a fan.
you's a nocturnal bowler!!!
lol just made me the best avi!!
I can't stand you sometimes lol ugh
You're welcome!
Thanks for the hat tip on such an articulate article.
Lots of work to do be done...
everything he said was factually correct, on personal media, w/ no policy in force that he violated.
He'll win 5M on appeal
lmfaoo, I always do!
Hot and humid inside this school.
Ugh.
About to leave CPC and march toward occupydenver and
doctor Shah says dealing w/health care is like learning to fly a 747 with parts flying off and hoping for a safe landing.
are you gonna kiss and tell .?
it would be called forever fangirl 
RT : Working with my sexy sidekick tonight come by for a doctornk!
cantstopwontstop 
hell yeah my niggah, too damn long.
tell yo homies tht it ain't a party til doctor2AMS in there.
ya feel me lol
Protip: Don't listen to him.
Tweet ALL THE PROTIPS!!!!
My Quote of the Day  Don't part with your illusions.
When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live., Mark Twain
Does Obama's 'I did it but he won't' TV add seem disrespectful after O said he wouldn't spike the ball, and SEAL Team 6's subsequent losses?
The devil knows you...
So watch your step!
Surprised at UCLA...
but...
oh well.
;
I saw a Bill O'Reilly video and thought of you.
Oh, the divine joy of sunshine beaming through open windows.
contact me I have low prices
lacrosse?
In lawrence or CoMo?
Thank you Russell!
Working  listening to Leonard Cohen's Democracy  so apropos of the current election season
if you liked the first five minutes I think you'll be pretty stoked with the rest of it.
:
I can't text because in too shaky...and I just don't wanna talk bout it right now...:'
American Dad sure likes doctoram sequence episodes.
I'm going to celebrate Supermoon by listening to the expanded Scream score by Marco Beltrami.
absolutely!
will stop by the school soon to say hello, and we're excited to see these future superstars at the fanfest in a few weeks!
My big brother is THE ORIGINAL LAND MAN.
Follow for interesting/useful info about NYC  Long Island
Or like comparing an IBM typewriter to a Blackberry?
harrystylesdoafollowspree YES TREND :
Damn.ol girl wanted to fuck da chick i was fuckin then da dude who want m3 and not da straight buss downs.smh.try again boo
my recommended videos on Youtube are all for tennis, crossfit, and kittens.
LADDER at DirteeD's place, all genres invited.
been there, done that,
Atlanta BroadwayWorld com.
Now in 1st by 1.2.
Still please vote.
Make sure you go all the way through the voting process.
Thanks!!!!
Studs Terkel was one of a kind  a great guy!
Thanks for the reminder.
James Tate barred from prom for asking a girl to the dance by posting a message in cardboard letters on school wall.
Page on Facebook.
Great articleI love Sherman Alexie.
UVA rise up!
yeh I mostly agree  need to focus on creating value  let everything else take its course.
awesome.
: rare event  entire family gathered around the tv watching season finale of goldoctorsh alaska.
Is getting a patio, or an addition?
Can't wait for skydiving tomorrow with
S/o to my new followerv
Mastering sitting still has brought the focus factor of my life to a new level.
Now I hear Jim Rohn on simple disciplines vs errors
Hmm...
And that's all I have to say..
you get your finger and do like a come here motion, lol
With admiration and fondness, we remember Gerry Beck.
Restorer, husband, father, pilot.
His shadow is a long one, and is missed.
Maybe.
Depending on how tired I am.
It's even news in Japan.
hey girl long time no here how u been?
good morning party kid!
ok i sent a request to I think who is u
You mean hair lucky, right?
Not lucky, lucky...
Listening to my music until I fall asleep
The guys have one week left of preseason activity before they go on fall break.
Then we start practice
The good news: soon I'll know how my computer compares to my colleagues' re: age.
Bad news: no one will ever get a new computer.
itshardwhen your trying to let go of something but there's always that one things that pulls u right back where u started
am on mkting research list.
They call me once/mo  ask me lots of questions to see if I qualify for their latest focus group
Obama is in straight up idgaf mode and the funniest part of it is that he'll be reelected.
My fellow fans and followers...anyone still awake?
Linksys is good if you need something to run over in your new monster truck.
Good luck on your tech adventure
RT : A Debate on University Tenure: What would happen if tenure were eliminated from public research universities?...
The shop n save in stl ran out of lettuce........im actually shocked
Can't forget about Ronnie price tho!!
Works for me!
So many of my unrbrand students gave themselves permission to be excellent this semester.
Some amazing people in this group
Missed wine Wednesday so I'm making it wine Thursday just for this week ; x
wow that is amazing.
Thanks for the press!
Here comes a retweet!
i can't remember the last time I had to write a paper this ridiculously long.
oh wait senior year....
Extended Essay.
ick!
oh you are looking for beats?
Every time I slog through Aquinas, I find something relevant to the diss, but I always feel like I've wasted my time.
Welcome to Indy !
Colts get lucky again...
that's bc you're from Miami and the clouds follow you.
i'm better off w/o u
Who knew!
awesome illustration on the cover was done by
yes please stop!
Nice work!
Are you guys all packed into that tiny wedge?
the hardest thing about knowing that you don't love me, is that you spent so much time pretending that you did.
follow us thxs boo
I hate refs
i just got off i while ago actually.
The next time i work downtown is thursday night.
66yrold transgender woman: We live in fear every day for our being and our basic needs
your pup is awesome...
especially the pics where he just has that IDGAF look.
yes.
he took 1450 and i have no way of finding him and getting my money back
This game is irking me!
m...bacon
Hey Bob, thanks for the follow!
Phantom planet havent listened to them in years, pretty good
As long as it doesn't mix up Beckett's TTime.
RT : Varied  fascinating says today's El Nuevo Herald of NINE NATION ANIMATION.
Starts 2nite Friday
speed big big diff
So why don't art museums use ideas like LA/Boston bets to lure visitors?
Sigh.
history of now is such a great concept.
I can't explain why but I think that I just had one of the most unforgettable experiences being on stage and connecting with the audience...
I need to hear from George.
Forward your contact info to my email .
Thxs.
JC
it will be a short day for me today.
Have to leave around 2pm to pick daughter up from school.
Not sure if we will come back
no!
That's gay, we need you Jenna!
The myrtle plant is the source of the green color by the same name, a very dark shade, darker than spinach.
Thanks for listening to my Timbers and Tucson babble last night at the Bitter End.
Good times.
:
awesome, buddy.
Congrats.
Crazy job app  done.
Next up...
going to the dentist :/
I vote slightly confusing yet adorable on her.
Props to Dakota for taking a fashion risk!
Roundys has organic milk, prob cheaper than Organic Valley.
wtf.
dead guy in a tree
other teams interviewing him.
cubs not?
theres something going on here.
something deeper...
thank you.
I used a herbal detox.
doctornking water and unsweetened green tea only.
I simply do not have enough middle fingers to show you how I truly feel.
Osama bin Laden killed.
Wow!
I feel like its the end of the world
Ugh Monday already!
But I'm alive, thank you God!
Happy Birthday Mommy  Dolly!!
so tired.
no bueno.
you are AWESOME!!
I'm pulling for YOU!!!
Uncovered another static function call in my PHP project.
Time to brainstorm mocking strategies.
A Factory?
Might get ridiculed.
maybe a livechat when you reach 10k??
:
is planning a food cart festival the same day as my wedding!
WHHHHYYYY.
maybe my guests won't notice if I slip out for awhile...
That mavs game was epic, what a complete collapse by okc
Culsdesac not culdesacs.
hm you have a point...
well I've never personally been in the market for a pair but the important thing is that you are happy to rock them
Your looking for me, Zeke!
people extract cash for all kinds of reasons.
they did it to pay down debt.
Back to Bluetooth interoperability testing!
RT : Dick Cheney got a heart.
Now if W.
gets a brain and Colin Powell gets some courage, Condi can click her heels  go home.
The Electoral College?
Chronicle of Higher Education tells Naomi Schaefer Riley to take a hike and issues a pretty classy apology for the whole fiasco.
I haven't been on Twitter in forever!
This must change!
TweetMe SmallFrySoldiers !
Xoxo
Python, with TrueFalse legal in 2.x, is grown up but Ruby is worth leaving over shell scripting shortcuts?
o rly.
the Chargers are gonna run thru that division
You, Elyse, r a STAR!
Great voice, and the music is FANTASTIC!
The Ones Who Never Speak is a hit record.
MORE!
MORE!
MORE1
You don't love a woman because she's beautiful, She is beautiful because you love her.
Trust God sounds so easy but it truly is the hardest thing to let go and let God
I'm not gonna sweat today.
Jus Had My Baskin Ribbons NW Friday Free Next Had Ta Buy It
congrats on finishing up the semester and graduating!
If you see the BIG Cat tell him you heard me tweet of all the exhausting work we are doing while he is away!
:
I love being surrounded by beauty.
great read.
thanks for the article Mike.
A piece of my childhood is gone, I just found out that Soul Train host Don Cornelius committed suicide.
Prayers go out to his family.
RIP!
thanks for sharing that  Hope your week is going great so far man!
I haven't heard this.
If I do, I'll make it priority to ban them from life.
Disgruntled with Apple!!!
GRRRR...I can't talk on my phone because of this stupid update!!!
AGGGHHHHHH :p
I want that.
Ok, I will get EVERYTHING done on my to do list!
Hmf!
Maybe you're reason why all the doors are closed So you could open one that leads you to the perfect road Firework Katy Perry
Fantastic play down the left by Sinovic and Convey for Sporting lead to goal
And if Hillary had beat up classmates, she'd get tagged the lesbian feminist ballbusting shrew, not just the feminist ballbusting shrew.
Sometimes a fly is just too awesome for the wall.
Haitian pep rally today at my school...
Hm can't wait to see how that turns out...
Good morning world ;
Im still hungry!
D:
Jesus Montero, making that ridiculous S.S.S.
stat on how he hits as when playing catcher even more hilarious.
Wow great I think I'm getting sick 
We have a winner!
Congrats !
Thanks for answers.
Colts have won 7 of 10 road games against Jaguars.
ok...whose that on that picha...
what kind of wood is the table made of ?
me too but now I don't know what to eat!
We're one week out from Milwaukee Irish Fest!
We can't wait for all the Slainte madness!
New Youtube video up in 20 min.
Be sure to check it out
MarkBurnett is doing an amazing job of producing The Story of the Bible for we got a sneak peek  so moved by his vision!
aw yeah i fucking hate that shit.
but luckily david doesnt do that lol
seapunk is ruining my life, none of my friends will talk to me anymore, I'm in my own personal shell.
lostatsea 19F/ca
chatted with someone at about signing up!
these clothes will be so fun to send to Boikokobetso, my sponsored girl in So.
Africa!
no the funeral kid
Dear , please don't cancel Parks  Rec.
WE NEED MORE KNOPE!!!
Best cast on TV, gotta bring it back for a million more seasons!
no, YOU rock!!!
of course :
Insufficient to fix the tragedy of US healthcare, but a critical 1st step on a long, incremental process
One of those 8 RT 8 out of 10 people think a first kiss indicates how the rest of the relationship will be.
That was close...
Good move
WITH THE 1ST PICK FOR YOUR THURSDAY NIGHT HOTSPOTTHE FANS SELECT.....KLUSOZ!!!
THANK YOU THANK YOU lol
What.
Was.
That?
That was like a Master class in awesomeness.
bigomaha
Need to charge my phone
Digital Journalism
moreclutchthanlebron Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
Don't forget to catch on Building Games in HTML 5 TODAY 3:30 4:30 Room 2016, West Hall, 2nd Fl gdc.
Knock 'em dead Marc!
Did somebody EMP my apartment?
Video card, sound/headphones and router all screwing up in the last 2 days.
What saidthank you so much for reading and sharing today's guest post!
Is it ok 2 b racist abt white ppl if yr white 2?
I wanna go on a photoshoooooott
hey!
I'm good, how are you?
:
What about Babe Ruth and his jersey ay???
LETS WORK: 30 FlutterKicks topped with 30 Crunches; happy 9Round Minute!!
Although not my thing, thanks for the invite.
when would she be starting?
when would you be transferring?
I'm assuming you'd coordinate...
thank you.
I am on the mend.
I applaud this and hope to see you in an arena soon!
YES, I told you I can sing!
But noo,you don't listen!
Should I get a Verizon iPhone?
Holy mother of all things bad....
Lakers WTFuck?!?
WOW!
RT Malone?
RT : most overused word on twitter: wow.
most times i see wow, i think why?
Watching a Jack Johnson film in Geography.
3
you'll absolutely get there!
glad you're into the crits, we're so excited to see those come together.
Thx for that feedback
thought you would like that
duly noted :
i remember that moment,you had a baby voice,hehe jk
Strange song on...?

on a scale of Voldemort to Pinocchio ...how nosy are you?
I should be receiving P90X in the mail today....not to sure if I am happy or scared.
DJ Pauly D is whack as fuck
Ever been on board a haunted ship?
Tell us which one.
idek how I get straight A's thinking about him all the time!
Bulldozer pulled out at Jackson and lasalle
I'm seeking speaking engagements to educate re: OFCCP, ADAAA, Affirmative Action, Inclusive Inclusion.
Will be keynote speaker at 2 events.
While you work through Cisco's customer service, I can give you access to GlobalMeet and get you up and running.
Give it a shot?
And who decided to make Knoxville into Antarctica?
Portland Fire confirms one man dead after falling into a tank.
They will empty the tank of Haz Mat before getting the man's body out.
I need a good color scheme for IntelliJ when writing groovy.
Using solarized now but not happy with it.
Any suggestions?
BYE I'm really not gonna argue wit no english person ur not even american GOODBYE!!!!
Thanks!
I'll have to check that out next time re: lavender lemonade.
no worries.
Was all over the place.
Great event!
Its PERFECT!!
One Stop Shopping!!
Happy Holidays to all of our supporters and may you have a Happy New Year!
Cool.
getting into color grading.
Mac Guru Brad Stoddard gave me some tips.
He's editing a Redcam Spy Thriller.
cut cut cut!
Keep positive energy and hella smoke for em......
O yea Ma bad I thought u was talk N bout another pic Slow Shit Slow Shit.
LLS!!
ND Thank u I Love it ND I Love You to Kayla.
just got back from a great day on the lake!
Had fun at WWE RAW last night :
iloveaboy from Stratford, Ontario, Canada named JUSTIN doctorW BIEBER 3 LOVE U 3 3
Doing homework and cleaning on this beautiful Saturday.
Surprisingly hungary despite the amount of food I ate Thursday
Dear Twitter, Will you please allow us to have centered backgrounds?
Have you ever tried a stapleless stapler?
Very cool stuff!
back to work today.
at the office listening to Pigface.
volume at 11.
Looking forward to seeing you in a couple weeks in South Bend Indiana on May 11th.
: 
how about a SO to the Kings for making it to the conference finals.
I think the last time was '93 with Bubba Melrose
I can't believe I still remember the lyrics to Ziplock Bag.
The Afternoon FiX is live right now!
Tune in and get your hard rock fix with me!
MC Nutt
movie in health class :P fatallove anyone know this?
I hate how uncomfortable day old tattoos are
e.g., Using scene change detection/2 approaches to structuring grade/Stereoscopic workflows/Loading  conform mat
Not particularly impressed with Prototype 2 yet.
Other than graphics nothing really seems that significantly improved.
Hope I'm wrong.
We specialize in residential and commercial locations in MiamiDade, Broward, Palm Beach, and Monroe counties.
call now : 8669702532
Best thing I ever did...
Lie to keep my sanity...
kill him for that.
Time to bounce back and climb that mountain.
great series.
I want it to happen
Keep reading!
The important thing is to enjoy!
Is Mike Maddux getting close to Peterson status?
said hello to misterSoul.
He was indifferent.
Tip 4: Power  Just being a semiregular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
Thanks for following us!
Stay tuned for news and special offers just for our Twitter followers.
Thanks to every1 who came out to our brunch party yesterday!
Special thanks to the awesome girls who put on a show for us on top of the bar!
Get a free screening of the Christian movie Without a Father in your church.
Just go to www.freechurchfilmpremieres.com
ah I wish I was there!!!!
I'm a fan of breakfast.
Paul, the link did not come out well, cut at the second bracket, please repost with a better link
Helped Frank with his computer, he couldn't connect to the Internet.
Nope.
Not that she wasn't worried it's just we've seen alot worse.
You were just taking a siesta.
I can't help it.
I love paper books.
In an age of new media, there's no reason not to work hard to disseminate our research
except we are missing a part of our family right now...
Dad :
Its not RT Y is it so hard 4 a man 2 be with some1?
Thanks to all MCTS rides are free from 6pm until the end of regular service on St.
Pat's Day 31712
The new special is so good I'm now watching it again.
This will be repeat 3.
: sorry you feel poopy.
hey u found me on vside.
When u getting on?
working on the dance right now
Ha!
RT ...choose between signing and Rachel signing on the 29th?
What kind of Sophie's choice BS is this?
That's what I'm talking about.
Looks like fun.
Oneoff?
Series?
Hair takes 72 hours to completely doctor.
You're right.
Is it work ethic, maturity?
Maybe he should take a page out of Gerald Green's book.
GG, a good story.
Welcome to Columbus/Dublin, Ohio.
Hope your event is a great success.
celeb apprentice tonight.
Sat in front of tonight at Titanic: haha sorry if we scared you by randomly talking to you!
hahaha
Mani/Pedi monthly ...you know ladies
Friday game, Saturday with Sounds like its going to be a good weekend
Classes open for September registration...
Aerial Basics, Pole Fitness, Contortion 10 off for registering for September.
After a rehearsal last night I doctoramed that I was living my character's life.
Love it when that happens.
i'm pretty sure i get a little more attractive every year.
that probably sounded stuck up, actually.
fuck it.
because vidal sassoon died?
Grading to the soulful stylings of the industrial woodchipper across the street.
Ghost protocol ain't half bad so far
Today's gift card winner is Frances Labor.
Congratulations!
do you go to the store everyday?
RT Head to the for lunch today, doctornks and hoops tonight and full on st pattys day celebration tomorrow
I make u scream, make cream.
Weigh it out on the triple beam.
Tweek  Follow
RT talks zombies, vampires, and the future of gaming with Highlandtownbased
I of course, like the Liberal Arts School, may have had needed a framework and theory closer designed for competency
Gator Bowl result makes the NCAA's sanction stalling even more salty in the Buckeye's wounds.
Don't be Busy.
Be Productive, America!
Not so glamorous when pounding pavements trying to get an audition.
Still love it, though!
All done with lisa10 and waiting at SJC for flight back to Seattle.
Sorry to see it done, but more than happy to be going home.
Hahaha when my brother sets the phone down while this girl is talking his ear off and watches tv
was leaning toward no but this was the second article on the topic in as many days.
Not leaning quite so much now
Pauly d makes me wanna jizz my pants every i see him.
So touched by Whitney Houston's funeral, her home coming!
We will always love you Whitney!
RIP
Yes yes I was turned but I called it a
I'm a sucker for good covers.
Has anyone read THE INNOCENTS by Francesca Segal?
We are what we think.
All that we are arises with our thoughts.
With our thoughts, we make the world.
Buddha
Compliments on the haircut make up for the 5 mins of panic I had while cutting.
I thought I saw more cranial lumps/lesions.
's lead singer looks like a cokehead.
These guys are lame.
Okay, Cori..
Keep that door closed and locked.
For good.
Having a baby sleep in your arms is one of the best feelings ever3
as long as we order the doctornks up.
: And stirred not shaken.
Are you a Happy Birthday song traditionalist or innovator?
That Romulan stuff should be illegal.
Know what I'm saying ?
After you left??
hahahah
Come on Rosetta Stone!!
We got this!!!
lol :
Jerremy Lin and the other guys w/ the Knicks play that team in Miami tonite under All Of THE Lights !
Thats what Im doing tonite !!
You have to put the past behind you before you can move on.
t10 hours till song doctorps
RT It's about putting your hand in water;when you remove it and the surface stills,whats to show that you were ever there?
Fucking bitch, you get mad at me for something you did wrong
International Women's Day!
I am woman hear me roar!
you are very welcome.
I'd rather get 0 likes for a picture of my face than 50 likes for a picture of half my tits
heavy saturation on 75th between Metcalf and Roe.
Spotted four fuzz and one had someone pulled over.
For a kid w/extreme olfactory sensory issues, he sure can douse himself in Hollister's Jake cologne.
and how many time did you eat?!
I'll sleep when I'm dead.

you know joe Chang or his brother at hp?
People are interesting sometimes.
I'm tired of people using twitter and facebook to bag on people.
Cold cookies and warm milk.
What's good?
it's awesome:

I just thought I'd say she's awesome .
W.
C.
Fields Some weasel took the cork out of my lunch.
I ran a 5K charity run yesterday.
Yea, I feel it this morning.
I agree
Party at Trashwater!
Next 10 people to mention Baby Robot get free admission!
Free beer, free food, and a pool!
635 Dekalb!
YEP.
RFP is on the street for developer to replace the whole thing w some bright and shiny
.
Me either just saw the the commercial.
People that wasn't farm to table when it WASNT cool 25 years ago and suddenly shop at farmers markets now
I see London.
I see China.
I see one happy vagina.
What do you guys think is the best Monday party?
AV, Writers Room, Cathouse, Playhouse, Colony??
Not sure what to recommend to a client.
So true!!
RT : Shopping my Values is NEVER over!!
:
do u want aurora or mila or thibault or diane to see those
Hello Burbon Street!
is getting mad at me tho :
Thanks for hyping guys!
:
I probably jizzed 20 times during the Avengers.
Incredible movie.
Congrats!
So exciting!
Watching a twentysomething boy enjoy tomato soup from a Thermos was the most heartwarming thing I've seen in ages.
They change right before your eyes..
Women are amazing creatures to watch observe and study..
Women's psych..
Need that class
Who on earth is Bon Iver??
I'm always awesome.
Thought you knew this by now.
We are NO longer friends
you never know though!
Which song are you going to sing ?
Did you hear?
Mitt Romney doesn't like storebought cookies.
So much for his stance on the free market system.
Oh shit!
Just saw that George Watsky coming to South Milwaukee PAC next Monday!
Mos Def meets Woody Allen.
When a thing is Funny, search it for a hidden Truth George Bernard Shaw ...
Remember; The Truth is the Truth wherever it comes from
Wasting my life, waiting for the bus.
Launchwrite users: if you experience the black screen bug: doctorg your custom BG image files into this folder: HD/Library/Desktop Pictures/.
do i need scrip for that?
just sneezed 7x in a row which is supposed to feel like an orgasm but let me tell youit doesn't.
It's all in the wording.
When Obamites have nothing left,...
just reword to their favor
She is doing tysabri but was telling me of her copaxone and beta seron I believe it's called reactions as well
I try to hide what's bothering me.
I hope I don't have to worry anymore.
I am careful and carefree.
:
have you started packing yet.
It is going to be pretty warm and humid.
Get pumped for foods on sticks at the
Taking my fam they Mothers Day gifts trying to surprise them.
I have a feeling you won't see this, but can I get a hi or a be iconic?
What are you wearing today?
Looks great!
Rumor has it Top Model is moving to Friday.
Bad idea!
Why would you put a crap show like top model with a hit like Supernatural?
Glad to have you here!
Yankees loaded on base and can't break the tie:
there is access to internet access at any local library and cafes everywhere.
All citizens have access from what I have seen.
StayAwayFromMeIf I'm not talking to anyone else
I TRUSTED YOU HAIRCUT LADY.
P90X definitely works if you're willing to stick with it..
Chicken pot pies!
Want to golf with Oprah's Stedman in Chicago?
hit up Tesseler Dillon
Auditions for Take Ten tomorrow.
Director's meeting Sunday B4 Superbowl!!!
My twitter alerts aren't coming through on my phone so I didn't receive your mention much love to
Nice.
Good luck!
Do you have a race plan or goal distance?
Or just see what happens?
I've just finished catching my wind from shooting last week with super fine Claudia Jordan in my film STALKER...!
Wishin i had him here tonight to sleep next to...
...
sweet.
Haha, I'm also good at pouring cola.
I like TNA wrestling a bit more :x :X
Summer work sucks
I can't stop eating 
call me, maybe or the Biebs?
Or neither?
I will.
I guess you don't keep your word
RT : FF to everyone that's shown ZN love on twitter this week!
thank you,
If you can't change the things around you, then change the way you think about them.
Wayne Dyer
Let writing be part of your life USC Writers conference
nice pic guys
Oh my God the amount of fish and spinach I just ate in such little time
ok thanks
Thanks, Tony.
Refresh my memory but I thought they stopped collecting assessments awhile back?
how is it?
Thanks, Rob.
Better late than never!
We appreciate the support.
Can't get the party rock anthem out my head.
Lol
Just bought plane tickets for Seattle!!!
Wow i have a weird boyfriend!!
I love him though I LOVE JOSH haha
Oh but now He look like a fool
Fuck You Good, Love You Better
hikers raising political awareness by walking from San Diego to NYCjust walked through Gallup, on the way down to Albuquerque.
UGH!
IS IT MAY 21st YET!?
I'm woeking in DC from late June through July.
Any chance you'll pass through?
Just seen these dope ass adidas.
Gotta cop em soon
i wish i could listen to some trojan football
Knock knock, where we at?
In The Jungle, livin life
more FF for : ; Good nite all
Learning Final Cut Pro and using flash for my site.
degradation will not be fun on this one..
Let's be more intrigued and fascinated with people's unique genius not there weakness!
Really shouldn't wave my arms around while I'm holding knives
Good morning lol
IfItWasUpToMe I would put a weight limit on leggings.
Why am I always so miserable when I'm not with you?
You're absolutely stunning!
Happy bday grrrrll!!!!
1 down 13 more to go!
K Studio weerrkk!!!
Had a great day with we are the true Thelma and Louis
I'm blaming the thermostat issue on ghosts or modular synths.
Great workout tonight!
Next session Tuesday!
TRAFFIC: Accident with injuries 12/18 at Deerfield in the Cottage Grove area.
Use caution.
Morning all!
I loaned my office keys out so now I'm loitering outside the dept waiting for someone else with keys...
see if you run into my old friend howard han from gigmaven
Hopefully my agent can do work.
I'm not all that picky, but the Pack would suit me best.
Plus their stock would go up
2 FUCKING DAYS I AM SO STOKED!
Someday we shall dine together, my dear.
Someday.
Are you asking that seriously or ironically?
GoodOne Some men succeed cause they r destined 2, but most succeed cause they are determined 2 quoteoftheday JenoLo ReRelease 4 days
Attn: Phoenix PicassosHave you made any UChicagothemed doctorw Something doodles?
Willing to share?
Tweet us your best,  we'll share.
Thx!
Work, doctor, work, gym, pharmacy, breakfast for dinner w/ Mom, good book, sleeping pill.
Don't want to see any more Arcade Fire updates.
Stoked to announce that we will be working with misterCameron Mizell on a single set to be released sometime mid summer!
could be Hardings, too!
And sheesh, what an epic trip.
follow please!!!
I really need it!!!!
Come on!!!!
Just one click.
Today is our anniversary:
crap.
: but get her u just wait
menage Mondays two girls are better than one atl live tonite atlanta good food alcohol  5 wings  fries
Wrapping up the song for the Anne/American Gods split.
ill meet u somewhere
shut it
Watching love don't cost a thing
Let me start the 1st rumor: MJ had a full face transplant and is living secret life in Abu Dhabi, out of view of creditors and police.
We will say a prayer for her Laurn.
Show tonight at the FIne Line.
Downbeat is 7:30.
See you there!
Live butterflies, up close and personal Hall B, Booth 1427
PickUpLine: You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way
look out for She will be probably dead by tonight, from listening to you.
Make her doctoram come true.
Same reason girls do...
loneliness.
We are launching this week  promise :
Jesus Christ what the hell I got picked for the home run derby in softball.
I can't even
I'm gonna make this a daily tweet and tweet you a picture of Dorito until we meet him 
fuck.
losing sucks
My selfesteem is at an all time low.
I'm really going to miss middle school,:/
Thanks man!
You made our day.
The album will be out on iTunes in the next month.
Will keep you posted for sure.
Glad you dig it!
Yea haha I'm from Mexico City ;
At 2pm, we will doctorw a name at random from those who retweet for the free Miranda Lambert tickets.
Show is tonight at BC.
I wish they made the potty more comfortable, so I could nap....!
i promise i'm not ratchett ya'll!
Thanks for following!
New changes coming to the menu soon!
Grade our performance, and give feedback!
So excited to spend the Somme back in green bayy :
gov.
walker was booed out of a wisconsin restaurant tonight......um, get out of the state while your 'a gettin'.....
thank you!
Puttin god first!
So....the wife and I are having a kid tomorrow.
11/11/11
WHO TURNED OFF THE HEAT
What's omnivore Michael Pollan eats is good enough for me: I couldn't do without olive oil  salt
sweet doctorams vinny: 
I dont live in utah anymore so now it takes 20 minutes to doctorve to church instead of 2.

The question is, did ACORN form another organization to acquire the ACORN assets and continue the radical left agenda?
no but John Cusack will
Time to kind of say it the way I see it.
The Cardinals stink this year.
No Time Warner Cable, I don't want to print my paperless billing enrollment receipt.
TWO FREE WEEKS Rent to Own, ONE DAY ONLY.
Black Friday , sale starts  10am.
Hurry in while supplies last.
You're awesome, Thanks!!
:0
When I see ur face, there's not a thing that I would change, cuz ur amazin' just tha way u r:
Happy Thanksgiving Day everybody.
we miss you
Okay all, having an argument with people.
Where do you rank Jay Cutler amongst the 32 starting QBs?
How to get this song out of my head?
.
we do not connect on the ground with contemporary emerging leadership.
Nobody marches in streets for effective programs
this app rocks
Attempting baked penne with sausage topped with Armenian string cheese :
I think within 15 years, nobody can imagine that you're not doing
oh oh oh xD ;P
The NBA Thunder trusts our photo booths for their eventsWho will you trust for yours?
Headed to lost creek for some solo r  r
RT tweakerrsamm: i wonder what life would be like without .
ohmygeesshh, horridd and no humorr :
Any idea how to hide retweet's in the latest version of
Angeline tells me the real Beowulf does not have a golden Angelina Jolie with stilettoheeled feet, however.
FCATsweats,no makeup and hair up Translation....idgaf.
maybe Obama should take his own words and think about our income tax rates
Your Dodgers at my Brewers.
Kemp vs Braun.
Gonna be a great series.
MLB all day, everyday.
in the end, Jen was actually really good though!
But still want my 3 through.
Thanks, lol if I keep rewarding myself, I'm sure I'll be able to stick it out this time.
American airlines is in air mailage debt that is equivalent to 8 billion USD and will never be cleared
Thanks you all for the ff ;
notices everyone but me!!!
i tweet this boy all the time and nothin very fustrated right now!!
Brains'll only get you so far and luck always runs out.
Hal Slocumb in Thelma  Louise
..
Kinda like your teen pussy
yea I am did yea just firgure that out!?
aw my cute cute boyfriend 3
Happy Birthday Javier!!
I'm listening to Time After Time at work right now and people asking mewow who's that?
lol u tore it up!
RT : I think im gonna do contemporary dance at Joy Of Motion!
I need to start practicing!
We did done with natasha khan...in spirit.
She got the meatball sub right?
Perhaps we are the only two fools running it?
didn't realize you created that visualization!
Great work, its fascinating.
I'd love to see a 16001750 version.
It's hilarious how many of my friends are checked into pho restaurants right now..
I personally had my first sober NYE in a long time!
Haha
Oh my God, seeing David Boreanaz is like running into an exboyfriend.
You know, in my parallel television universe life.
they just shouldn't put you threw that : /
our Governor Jan Brewer
Did I get an extra hour of sleep this morning
Are you following the actors you admire on twitter?
Who do you like?
one of these days ima kick your ass and I'll be the one laughing ha !
:
i just singed in from a computer and it feels weord lol
Yea Bro Mine Started In this Shoe Line
Just asked a coworker if the flowers were from her lover.
They were from the office because her father died.
Apparently I signed the card.
We've been cooped up in our rehearsal space, so we can't wait 2 go into the studio tomorrow to lay down a few tracks.
Watch for vids  pics!
Bike rider was in the bike lane..
his family lives in the neighborhood.
Probably just heading home.
How can you not stop?
Details at 5pm.
So thankful to have Ari as my idol.
She's so sweet,caring and does so much for us.
She's an amazing role modelcouldn't ask for any1 better
I wish I could major in nonacademic reading
At noon today someone out there will be winning the Coen Brothers' TRUE GRIT.
Will it be you?
Probably not.
But it'll definitely be YOU!
I haven't been to Eunice's house since the day you left..
And if I go to karaoke night I am only going with you!
Lmaooo
Ice creams in Reeth :
I love my university but ...
why is it this NEH Institute is a big deal for folks from big Us but my U doesn't care in the slightest?
Would you be the jelly in my peanut butter sandwich
I want a motorcycle and a matching leather jacket
where are you going in CA?
:
yup!
Get down while they're hot!
Lol
Smoking hookah, pass by if you want
I think they mean you smell like tulips!
Favorite Friday Faggoooot
god is love and grace but he's also the purest form of justicethe flesh resists righteousness, but the heart  the actions do need 2 change
Martian, no.
Robot, yes.
I don't want people to be my friend because I'm gay.
I want them to be my friend because they like me for who I am.
Today I sat up in the vocalist convo gypsy camp.
Its 3 already!!!!
: I think I remember us talking about that.
Once upon a time
You never get tired of Twitter, right?
cause monsters' eyes are on you, dear Mother Monster.
,3
I can't wait to see to see how much Pinterest is worth ....
If the flowers start licking your face, be worried.
:
I really really really want a ukulele.
How many roads musta man walk down before he admit he lost
I spent 30 minutes Bicycling.
277 calories burned.
Somewhereinthehood My nigga chamie car jackin' so we can get the new parts when we crash tha rover
Great Smoothie today!
so fresh!
Raw Spinach, Brusselssprouts, Carrots, Tomato, Banana, 1/2 c Yogurt, 1/2 c water: BLEND  ENJOY!
The day breezeways goes outta business  that place should not be in existence
let's hope they see transit as an area of needed improvement as well
No one should ever have to go through the trails gay men and women are going through.
Happy New Year!
Let's make 2012 even better!
Be safe tonight and enjoy the new year!
I'm at the New York Electroacoustic Music Festival.
Let me know if you're around, too!
Who's planning family  school reunions?
Plan it together with Facebook friends  family on our website.
Yep, we've got your back!
They let me leave from time to time.
I'll be back next week!
Why does the Tweetdeck iPhone app keep crashing.
R they going to fix this?
Tomorrow!
Bring Me The Horizon, Parkway doctorve, Architects, Deez Nuts, and On Broken Wings at the New Daisy  RT!
Enjoying the last days of summer...
are you??
The highpitched squeal of some poor dying animal had me jumping out of bed at 2:53am to shut the door so the cat couldn't doctorg it in.
One of my great wonders is how people find Jay Leno funny.
I think other people write his standup  he doesn't practice before going live.
Keep it simple this week.
Grill out tonight  use leftover steak as salad toppers, a quick snack, or in a panini with some cheese.
Poised Creation will continue to supply artists with tangible and intangible resources for their success!
Seriously...
RT Aside from being tall, Sean Marks looks more like an accountant than a basketball player.
I was just on this nigga Joe Budden twitter, this nigga got all the hoes and is living life...or so it seems, a nigga is inspired
Great company to be in; thank you, Carl.
nobody cares nuggetscrub
I've found that growing to an extreme height was the 1 way to appear older.
Try it!
haha!
Wait.
I thought we gave it a B?
Did we downgrade a letter due to burning susceptibility?
; great meeting you 2!
she got us matching btr thermoses and she got herself a btr blanket!
we found an fye!
:D
This is a big week, more news coming on the Summa buidling, stay tuned!
And be sure to catch the radio show on Thurs  1pm, topic  Tweens
Do you guys have a favorite song?
oh stop I'm sure you did great!
Don't be so hard on yourself!!!!
Okay :
Wow, the scam artists are out in force today...whew!
They are just blowing up my mailbox!
I'm making love to the Angel of Death.
Catching feelings, never stumble, retracing my steps.
We're at the Greenroom tonight playin our acoustics, come on out!
Church with
LOL!
Thank you!...so true!
: I get out of work tonight at 12....
So me in Club Hush...
Maybe let's go ;
For some reason I think Call Me Maybe is the next A Thousand Miles.
A one hit wonder.
Sadly.
Sorry we have been away for so long, trying to get everything setup.
thanks for the follow!
i like befriending fellow photogs here in LA!
is my wifey made my morning
hahahahahahaha ....
our daughter just told : I need to comb your butt.
Kurt kobain, Janis Joplin, jimmi Hendoctorx, and now a winehouse, all expired at 27.
is this when they lose the creative edge
like me ; haha
man im back in mississippi my dady was fuckin ova me so i left...but i should have stayed,, i cant find a job or nothin
Goodnight ; it's my bed time...
;
Love the colors!
RT : Almost all attendees on inperson side of MWRC12 Virtual Worlds CG mtg weren't very familiar with Second LIfe.
Whoa!
Link to piece on Simone Dinnerstein from Diane Rehm
WhiteheadObama is no socialist.
a Socialist wouldn't give all the  to Wall St
if you love
so tricky, the line btwn modeling  letting them apply independently.
I just remember I learned by flying solo..
: Did I do something wrong?
The video won't load..
We are fixing this tech issue now!
Thanks for letting is know.
taught myself photoshop and moviemaker over the weekend...retouched MY headshots now almost done with editing MY reel!!!!
All topics trending on Twitter right now are related to Whitney.
She held the soundtrack to my youth.
Thanks for mentioning us!
Who wants a free paraffin treatment?
Call us at 2519182 to book a manicure today and receive a complimentary hydoctorting paraffin dip.
haha exactly.
can't wait for our bloody mary date :
Made it to Montesano, WA in a cute cafe with WiFi.
My feet hurt.
I'm a bit sun burned.
My butt itches when I sit down
Ignorance is the best remedy for ignorance, People be critizising because it makes them feel better about own miserable lives.
I wish to thank Rob Davis for his patience, kindness, knowledge and understanding.
Rob, you will never know how much we appreciate your...
I have to work :.
Have fun!!
they to like to live in a fantasy world rather than the real one

Carton is awesomesauce pored all over my perl package
We are experimenting with Tweetdeck.
Let's see if this HELLO from Infuze Marketing hits the Internets.
Ah.
No longer as jealous.
;
Rocking to Mumford  Sons through AppleTV while doing homework.
man I fucks with you!
I miss you yo!
Had a doctoram that actually got back to me re: JCP but realized it was a misdirected response to complaining about
APPLY!
omg its GRAND, donuts and coffee and ice cream and cakes everywhere  the stores are so cute whoo whoo, LUFF IT
thank you: we appreciate you taking the time to listen:
Tell wade stop that flopping
did you get my email?
Not sure if I sent it to the right addoctorss.
yes i would love a pair yes
Justin Roper will get his first AFL start for the Predators tonight at quarterback.
Back 2 back rehearsals 2nite, ready 2 get it in......
Greenwood, Indiana...watchout, Happy Jack's Hot Dogs mobile food cart will be on the move this week...daily tweets for locations
I know how much we all love infographics, so i updated my resume
Clippers say they will match any offer given to DeAndoctor Jordan!
I can't say I blame them.
The guy averaged almost 2 blocks per game.
gorgeous!!
I need new ones too!
What a crazy storm today my poor doggie is hiding in the bath tub doggie valium for chewy
Hey everyone!
Sorry I'm late...
Nate here, your friendly Health IT geek!
that's always a good idea.
I can't wait till I'm done with school though
Twitter Bootstrap is great.
Really great.
But is better.
Two walk off grand slams today...Votto with the Reds and Stanton with the Marlins.
Editing pics...
Oh Liz La Point, how I love gazing at your beauty...
Beautiful Hotel and very friendly helpful staff.
The immune system has 3 functions: 3 Defend against foreign bodies.
bloodfacts via
tfff am I doing awake???
bed:
Awesome!
You should tell her to teach mi madoctor a thing or two!
Haha.
I submit!
Resistance was futile!
:
Have a baby by me baby be a millionaire.
Good luck to the 70 T2ers running the Bank of American Shamisterck Shuffle 8k today!
The first wave is off and running
It was so interesting.
You saw me?
Come say hi next time.
I'm sure there will be similar events in the future.
Did you enjoy?
I hate when people tell you to text them then you do and they don't text back.
Whats the point?
Your geography and biography do not determine your destiny Simon Bailey
BuildDayMemories 90 girls and 10 dudes.
In Sean's voice lol
Obama: Americans owe more in educational than credit card debt.
And a great day got even better.
m/ m/ RT New Stone Sour album...
is slated to be released October 2012.
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
Earl of Beaconsfield
hey...are you going to get back to me?
Twitter poll: How long before starts denouncing everyone who tweets about Adam Yauch?
Going to another party tonight  damn bro im on a fcknn roll lol
The Lion, the Witch and the Warsteiner
Did u see my last RT?
thinks she's the VPs grandaughter
I swear 4 day weeks take FOREVER to complete
im so tired
If my AustintoJFK flight goes down, half the bands in Williamsburg are gonna be needing new bass players.
love this!
it's going to be my new pitch, new advertising  marketing strategy :
haven't heard anyone condone threats.
on trophy, etc.
from IU grad in Lex.
paper and you defend this ?
i'm literally such an idiot.
WHY AM I SO DUMB WHY WHY WHY not gonna be able to sleep at all tonight.
Really hurt.
But it was my fault.
these tweets about Cancer's make us look clingy and always depressed.
wtf
Chamblin's is so amazing.
All I can say is wow.
Lol will do RT twitpic it
Not sure, but I say you try the agave nectar.
Unless the agave experiment is a complete failure, it beats no mojito at all.
I have no idea..
Are those your lucky numbers on the fortune cookie?
that's really awesome its nice to know there r some really nice people out there :
well that wasnt an easy one but ill take it.
hang the L flag losers...
won the series on the road..
I gave my 3 year old boy his very first peep today for Easter.
He did not like the peep.
I do not like peeps.
Do you like peeps?
Now Following
It's only 5PM and we're already getting excited for SMASH tonight.
UMA!
you so welcome : and what does that face mean?
It is truly magnificent how many affordances exist in the human form for cuddling babies.
SO DOWN!
yeah...especially when I could be having fun outside in the rain...instead of sitting in lecture all day 
Super excited for this!
Gunna be an awesome day!
Indeed.
And with a laptop you only have 1 thing that might run out of power.
yeah I will soon
: Get off of Twitter and go stretch.
cheerstruggles me right now
Dentist's doctorll sounds like a slide whistle.
Should be funny.
Hard to laugh when you leave his office with a tooth made of pie cream.
wish you hosted CMT Insider all the time.
not fond of you always bring that extra something to the show.
Share a of your delivery and we will give you 5.00 tonight.
Can't believe that the season finale of WalkingDead is only 4 days away.
It's going to be epic!
Don't forget motivation based on individual doctorvers, not assumed shared values.
Took you long enough :
it takes more than hitting an egg on target to be a father.
happy day to those who have stepped up to the challenges of fatherhood
Yay I was to happy
Haha you make me melt!
SoHappy :
Heading to grab a bite with shelley and kids before RPC rehearsal.
Sitting on my couch watching a little TV relaxing...
I know...
sounds exciting but I am loving it.
Hm what should I watch tonight?
Just wrapped up my meeting to launch my show on a new station Clear Channel's WLAC.
Promo has been cut!
Sundays, 1011AM CST!
Travel Tip: DO NOT google how often a plane crashes before boarding.
Awww but then Katelyn would be alone while he's on tour AHG I CAN'T HANDLE THIS RIGHT NOW
Wheen your in her, you know I'm ON your heaad ;
Aw i remember 's video for last year that i was in : ahh memories3
Good Morning
WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT ALL ABOUT
That's where Ellen is!
RelationshipAre a commitment you have to make.
Happy weekend, everyone!
Thanks , I love you too!
i am going camping for a week and will not be on twitter....how sad....LOL...follow me and i will follow back.....!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I've seen you mention it several times that's why I questioned.
Hope it holds.
Been fun following you last few weeks.
B.A.
might literally kill me.
Seriously, I'll be propped up, dead, in class tomorrow like the law school version of Weekend at Bernie's
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Free 16 lb Bag of Charcoal with 25 purchase.
The weather is cooperating so get grilling!
Dc Assault workouts ....kids really worked hard !
EVERYONE, IF YOU LOVE SUBSCRIBE TO HIM ON KEEK!
DO IT, YOU KNOW YOU WANNA...
3WordsForYou Take many risks.
embrace it
Just created an animated logo.
It had its challenges to make , and twitter does not support it anymore.
Don't be surprised if it changes.
Thank you!
:
in balmy Barbados!
Do you have plans to celebrate EarthDay this Sunday?
We'd love to hear about them!
Such a classic!
BAYMAM  I KNOW I'm in the right place.
Marley has made such a difference in my business already and can't wait for more.
My campbells soup select harvest spot is up and running on network and cable.
Very happy.
Cheers to the new year!!!
morning , are you coming to BabyBashBling on 5/19?
S.S.
WEB catches wind tomorrow for our show this Fri with Everymen, Rickett Pass, and Mud Town as well as the rest of our March tour!
Ya dig
What foods are imprtant to our daily diets.
thanks for inviting me to talk about health w your youth!
Loved interacting with them.
March 6th  a blistering pace for D3 candidates throughout Los Angeles.
D3 good luck wishes to: I.G., E.M., R.L., C.R., J.R., J.V.
I.H.
Imperial Scotch Ale is going on tap at the brewpub today!
Come on down and try some of the Scotch Ale's unruly older brother...
I love Jordan Benker because he wrote on my wall and told me happy birthday yesterday.
thanks so much!
It's a number.
You're as young as your mind and heart.
How do you feel about hearing this right now?
A chess genius is a human being who focuses vast, littleunderstood mental gifts and labors on an ultimately trivial human enterprise.
Won another Step on UB, going to make a run for the WSOP this weekend before UB stops me from playing.
4 Steps to go!!
Fancy restraunt Fancy napkins 
Hey looking forward to following what is happening at ASTD2012 looks like several of our members are attending this year cool!
looking forward to doing business as well :
Reasons I love DC: I am making paper flowers and watching japanese college students play Gershwin for free.
oh shit, you weren't kidding about 7 days / week.
you know the place kid what time you comin in?
How Deep Is Your Love!
Damn dog nearly took my arm off trying to get at some creature in the park.
It was probably a squirrel.
We used to be like the exact same person.
We knew the same people, the same jokes, and now it feels like it'll never be the same.
You pay then money and still have to watch ads, so I argue that it is bullshit.
if u ask, yes!
morning jane, happy thursday to you
EVERY ONE on my tl asked about Shut up  love me,  yet THEY DIDNT ANSWER D:
Yahoo welcome to the Twitterverse!
:D You will be a Sysomos Influencer in no time!
Watch Magiccity a new series on Starz with my student, Garrett Kruithof as ADA Stout.
Shooting in Miami.
I am so proud!
Your purple shoes don't match your outfit.
Leland Exton Modesitt Jr.
Rule three hundoctord of obscure leadership if its your idea you get to implement it.
I already have 488 entries into the 1D contest on kissclub, hoping I win, come on luck!
i'm probably the nicest girl you'll ever meet............until you realize what a shitty fucking friend i am
I'm the rule breaker!
Glad you enjoyed our tweets.
Thanks for joining us in the adventure.
If Marcum isn't on tomorrow, he may do a Jerry Augustine circa 1982...
MUA Cosmetics: Party makeup bag essentials you39;ll need when ...
Enjoyable Adcraft Club radio day lunch.
Clear Channel's Bob Pittman highly engaging presentation on radio as companion.
: i hope you were all happy with the series finale of MIOBI.
we loved creating it for you!very happy with the ending!
Playing the T2 theme at the Padoctors Opener!!
Saaweet!
im gonna play TurnToYou for my mom today3
aww thanks goose!
Believe me, I'm dying to be there!
Unfortunately it looks like I'm gonna have to miss tomorrow too :/
Incredible!!!
As would say, that is beastESSmode !
:
For the last three years, Warren Buffett has been more concerned with politics than his business.
That is why he has underperformed the mkt.
Cleantech investment since '04 reaches 1 trillion.
RT A billion dollars isn't cool.
You know what's cool?
A trillion dollars
bye bitch:
Invited by a friend to go out and eat but I said movies lol 
RT : TONIGHT  OPEN MiKE  Internship Social Mixer!
ttp://innovationinmilwaukee.com/mikeinternshipmixer/...
It's 75 degrees in San Diego.
My daughter  I are sitting on the Starbucks patio baking, enjoying the coffee, the sun  each other.
Hi, Brooke!
Sorry I missed this.
I can't do 8am.
Can you do anything later?
love helo kitty
You ain't trying if you ain't cheating.
Wings win another one...
RT : I'm craving Oo  give into the cravings girl...do it!
For each of past five years, I've purchased a new 59Fifty throwback Brewers cap on Opening Day  worn it daily inseason.
2012 baby
I'm sure it's spam.
I've been getting a lot of those lately.
Not sure what it would've been anyway.
SeriousTweet Richard Simmons HAS to be my personal trainer.
I wont settle for nothing less.
doctored mushrooms are available all yearround and are rich in flavour and when rehydoctorted are of great nutrient value!
Ah thank you!
I've been looking for some like these for...
forever.
Perfect sassy summer heel ;
Got 2 jackets and pissed that the black jacket I purchased wasn't in the bag when I got home!
grrr!!!
you survive the so co last nite ???
The follicle being clogged compromises the scalp area which then causes a change in the hair's growth pattern.
!.!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Thnkn...i cnt wait til school starts bak...nd' I really hope I get this other job.
I need all tha money!.
The answer: Build your skills!
To compete in this ultra competitive market you have to be at your best in every audition.
Bye bye Dublin doctorPepper
In taco cabana :
I have more info on Prince Harry's night out in SD Friday if you are interested!
The BET awards are WHATS UP!!!
Right now!!
Fire
anytime love
hahah okay, just checking:
we are all so upset..
im doing better though.
im just putting the year behind me and preparing to start fresh next semester.
ugh i feel like i always miss 's tweet attacks cause i'm so busy with school : i miss her
Dam I had da best day eva it aint rain thank god.
Whatup miami
That's what I like to hear!
It was an excellent show!
yeah looks like it was pretty lame.
Having survived some Texas hurricanes this is nothing.
how'd you manage?
I've been having the strangest, most frightening doctorams lately:/
ugh....
lol are we suppose to do a twitter pitch too
i wanna come to your BelieveTour so bad :' please follow me back on here?
:' I love you so much :' 333
that's great!
Can't wait to read it.
Look forward to working with you again soon.
Remind me again why the humidity has to be so high?
Ugh.
To the people that say, I've 99 problems but a bitch aint one.
Those 99 problems are the reasons why you aint got one.
And no more winky faces, I promess.
Hehe working for Cuervo and Sally Hansen tonight on the red carpet.
doctornken beauty, gotta love it.
Thank you.
That's why its entertainment dummy.
You think anyone is interested in a real singing contest?
No, about the circus!!
DUR
looking forward to our meeting with this afternoon.
Later this year
And what's with the tshirt under the golf shirt look?
Makes no sense.
Just gotta have faith
I don't say it often enough, but I have the best, I repeat, best job in the world.
quotes If you wait until all the lights are green before you leave home, you'll never get started on your trip to the top.
Come check us out at on May 8th!!!!
yea Dollas my bro I love that niggardly to death
Spent my day in trafficcourt watching red tape at work.
WOW, it's a snorefest
BackInElementarySchool I had recess.
I no longer have recess...
: I'm in middle school/junior high.
Haha idc.
Ah Big Brother time OMG!!!
soon?
: Happy Hour tonight: 2 Belgian Frittes and 2 Heineken doctorfts!
26pm!
St.
Trop was the first l'Occitane shop I saw in the 90's
lol, very true.
Aren't you always on the road?
PR Observation of the day: When is it enough?
Some people will never learn.
Pigs get fat.
Hogs get slaughtered!
corpoamerica Gotta love it.
Again, I just think your standards for success are much higher than mine.
Hard to square that.
TONIGHT!: Richmond Varietease: The Den of Delight with Corn Mo 8:00 doors!
21 and up!
I find out if I got into UF on Friday at 6:00 PM so this week needs to go by fast.
Shouts out to for the work she's putting in!!
Tunein tonight to hear her record OldSoul on WFXE FM Foxie 105!!!
Is blackberry down or something?
I can't get on bbm or twitter...
You talk as if you don't know me.
I'm disappointed.
I AM.
My boy Phillip Phillips' killin it right now.
I saw that yesterday.
What a pile of horse crap.
Quintus Septimius Tertullianus Out of the frying pan into the fire.
Fixation on a lower level of abstraction is sub optimal.
For the record, If you wore flip flops, it wasn't exercise.
Thanks so much!
You too!
watching you on Piers Morgan.
Great interview.
watching Platoon wif the boy
I think I'm on the verge of scaring the tenants that I like at work, cause my friendly/polite hellos aren't coming off, at all this week.
its awesome to be following!
;
I didn't, but I LOVE her  need to send her something pretty to wear!
I think she'd look great in Rockin' B :
that works on some...
I am so proud to have hosted a speech by Robert Bielski who discussed the true story of the Bielski brothers survival of the Holocaust
wish me luck :
Hey Zach, how are you?
:
haha I blocked a chick because of the 1st one last night...sad part is she is older
You say you nevr done it
Lol these Haitian females grilling me ahahah
aren't you 22 minutes early for a FF?
:
My favorite Hopscotch poster, by far...just ordered one.
Thank you!
Steve Shaw is a dick.
: Put some whiskey in my coffee this morning because, hey, it's Ireland somewhere!
I love !
I also LOVE !
But, it's kinda strange how much Maria resembles ; He likes his older ladies
Wow!
If thats a flagrant foul, the Knicks might as well get on the plane home.
Cuz the refs are goin to hand this series to the
i always wanted to visit Hawaii ; i hope u have a good time
u prob having an allergic reaction to the metal u have, try some bio flex or ptfe
RT : An Aries woman is great to have in times of despair or need, she will always be there for you.
On average people fear spiders more than they do death.
Thanks Lisa!
:
Thxs for mention.
In 10 days I see the Dali Lama speak at SDSU and then head off to !
Life is good!
The is outside of school today.
Such a nice surprise!
As the Clash once said, Who shot the shot?
2 months back in Boyle Heights and was awakened by a loud blast.
Honey, I'm home!
Atlas Sound on right now!
Busy, busy show.
Just had Thom Brennaman and SI's David Dusek, Jim Armstrong from Cincy and Nugget Anthony Carter coming up!
MHS, AM 1510!
Looking forward to Fall?!
If your training has come to a halt due to the excessive heat, don't worry there is still plenty of time to train!
Want to learn how to swing dance?
Come in tonight for lessons beginning at 8!
sweet.
: I thought MN was two zones.
The past 2 days have been my recovery days off but i cant stop, i feel as if someone, somewhere is working harder than me.....
Late Night Happy Hour, 5 doctorfts  starts at 10pm.
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?: 87
Things some people could stand to be hit over the head with: 1kindness 2sensitivity 3doctorving skills.
feels awesome to get a W against wilm.
for the first match of the season!
won mine: 60, 75 let's get em tomorrow too!!!
OH at Eastburn.
I had somebody call me a unicorn today.
Thank you for naming award for Best Lounge or Event after our founder Diane Naegel.
Great honor!
will be perfecting ChickenMushroomisterce this week!!
Let me know if you want to place an order!!
a Big Thank You to Liz and the gang for being such great neighbors to and great friends of !
After going to Europe a trip to Oregon is like pocket change to you, right?
I agree.
There was some debate here with Chickfilet.
Some seem ok with their oil and process and curious what others thought
chillin, what's up..
Okay so, I got a new bikini, Foster Grant sunglasses, Steve Madden sandals, A NEW car, and a new wardoctorbe..
This week is gonna be fun ;D
cardigans are very suspicious
my pleasure!!
And it will be great as always....doesn't matter what it is!
Show off the new iPad and people will aaawww...
Whatever works!
Glad the ratings were up, hope it continues throughout the year.
haha I totally noticed that, too!
It's like an outer space fascinator.
The mind is a superb instrument if used rightly.
Used wrongly, however, it becomes very destructive.
Eckhart Tolle
bad haircuts
We all have two choices: We can make a living or we can design a life.
please send an email with details of what you are experiencing to .
We'll be able to help you.
Dont freak out when somebody says bitch, its just another word for female dog, thats all.
hey friend, remember me??
we will have a healthier pizza option for you soon...
tasty food that you don't have to feel bad about eating
In the past year I've really perfected my ability to wear pretty much the whole J.
Crew catalogue and still look kinda homeless.
You would think Shannon brown would be the first person you box out...
Sick dunk though
doctorScott delivered an awesome keynote on gaming as a library service.
Got some good ideas for academic libraries as well!
Uggla makes those throws so often, it's hard to believe.
Remember that one from last season that went into the fifth row?
yeah I'm still waiting 
Big debate about civilunions coverage today Who should we put on TV today?
Good afternoon!!!!!!
Horsin Around with Gimme5 at Tonight.
listening to the brilliant speak in the flesh!!
I saw that and was also wondering about the rules issue.
This game boring lol
The sun is shining  it's snowing.
Yup, I live in Reno, NV.
If you don't like the weather, just wait a few hours, it will change.
2012 is going to be a GREAT year for Maria.
I can feel it.
Bad Teacher was a freakin hilarious movie
maybe introduce an dprovide time for PLC?
Use Notes to keep details of how you met this connection, other information that could be helpful later on; they cannot see it!
Ditto!
RT : loved the announcements part of the meeting today.
that was DNA all the way through.
It feels so much earlier.
Went to Whole Foods today, because we needed 157 worth of pesto and breads that will be stale in an hour.
I'm happy for finishing 7th in his NASCAR NNS rookie debut!
But man I can't wait for Dylan out there!
Going to bed before midnight.
Oh baby I'm lovin it!
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid doing entirely.
Anonymous
Be careful what you fish for.
Both of Us by B.o.B featuring Taylor Swift is beautiful!
RT ReEntry doctorft roll call is a somewhat comical exercise...
yeah it needs to STOP!!
U WILL NEVER FIND A GUYS IF YOU CANT LOOK PAST ONE THING HANNAH!!!
i love you :
I just got a voicemail from someone in a personnel office...perhaps a job interview is forthcoming?
haha lookin good!
Happy birthday!!
Don't forget to give me some kind of an idea!
I miss Sassy!
And Jane.
Well, Jane before it sold out.
Niggas be throwing up the illuminati like they know about it.
Smh
She my motivation
Did a double feature, loved it!
...I hear the horses' thunder down in the valley below...
I'm waiting for the angels of Avalon, waiting for the eastern glow....
I didn't have sex with him trust me.
My moms taking the girls tonight for a sleepover!
Since I spent all day organizing I'm happy to get a good nights sleep!
dam got to go all the way back up top into the county when it wasnt needed
Perhaps out of reverence to Steve Jobs, my MacBook has stopped working unless it's plugged in to an outlet.
Ray Charles to the bullshit.
Now hop up on this dick and do a full split...uh
thanks coach!
Pranking my sister m I need ideas???
Wow!
20K poll!
Maybe Ed Reformers didn't like that American Federation of Teachers spent over 1M to undo the progress that's been made?
Twitter vehicles such as tweetmyjobs.com, twitjobsearch.com and tweetajob.com.
All using twitter engine.
Who's ready to hear the second single off of our upcoming ep?
Recorded Curators at SFMOMA yesterday.
Winderful comments on Jasper Johns, David Park, Clyfford Still.
Online Gaming Market continues to grow in the AsiaPacific Region  openPR
word of the day fructuous Fruitful; productive.
john terry!
You're Awesome Jenn!
Thx..
Super Intellect in this group:
Stupid conversations make sense when you're talking to someone special.
I met someone new yesterday their name is 4 miles an oh my god I'm feeling every bit of it right now
I bet.
Clovis must be tiny.
Happy 125th to Occidental!
Final Spring practice of the year today...
Any idea what the raindate policy is for kickball?
Doubleheaders?
RT : SIF 1 invested in , 13 returned to lowincome families.
that's social innovation at its best
ahah ah ah ah oooowwww!
We recommend Nordic Naturals.
Expensive but nowhere near cost of Lovasa.
Many think the omega3s in Nordic are more available.
I could fit him in the trunk.
The fish will be riding in the front seat.
Oh I got a fish...
I got lonely with Nealer not coming over as much
lmao!!!!!
My phone be doctor
OH MY GOSH AUSTIN.
GUESS WHAT.
I HAVE TO TELL YOU.
Iloveyou.
That is all;
harrison ford, how I love thee
Totally eating my feelings with two Snickers ice cream bars.
lol sweet thanks.
You ROCK.
It was you who inspired me.
RT : In VSIA days, more lawyers than engineers in IP integration JeanMarie Brunet
What some look forward to the most about work is when supervisors are on vacation.
: Actually, the halls of indigo are now burnt red, the GG bridge is now rainbow and the Waldo tunnel is indigo with spotted rhinos.
nike 2 piece i ordered 
All the ed.
petitions in the world will not change existing public mindset re: ed.
purpose.
Should ADHD meds be taken by childoctorn  teens?
What is your view on this?.
I know the answer is It depends...
Tweet your opinion to me!!
Just back from the Mariners game  Griffey wins it in the 14th with 2 outs and 2 strikes.
Last night I went on a lil ghost hunting adventure, and it was lovely.
But now I've gotta go through the footage, how boring, lol.
He had a huge car wreck after Practice and ended up in a ditch.
Didn't die
Corey and I are going to that show!!
Thanks for the follow!
:P
miss you more /3 love ya sweetcheeks ;
4th qtr is the best time of the yr  Football is everywhere, Basketball is on the horizon, new video games coming, and tv shows premiering!
I've never met he doesn't follow me, never tweeted/RT me, he doesn't know I exist, yeah it hurts, but I'm still a Mahomie!3
I gotta find me another twitter app!
aw well thank you :
That was just too fucking funny!
Lmfaoo these whores :
I'll see you guys on April 7th !
Indeed it will.
I am truly honored to be able to send this message to the man, the legend, the founder.
Best wishes to you sir.
Kuechly crediting Albright and Wes Davis for taking him under their wins when he got to BC.
Stuck in traffic and have to piss..
What would do?
Wheresthecup dampseats lol
welcometotheclub, I'm the president!
southern indiana may as well be mars.
the IAP Dance panel will begin at 10:00 EDT in Indiana Government Center South Conference Room D.
We'll begin with app
yes!
is coming with!
Oscar winning Actor Louis Gossett Jr  Israeli transexual trance singer Aderet on tonight 911pm on my show on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Did anyone catch our shout out from Good Morning Texas yesterday?
3
My god you look so stunning tonight.
Seriously WOW!!
Brilliant!
I'm not even going to try to top that.
Our biggest problem: getting volunteers online
Nothing attracts like excellence.
Most bands I get so bored of, but never Lydia.
Never.
RT : letnotyourheartbetroubled thanks sean, I just love this verse John 14:1
haha only up momentarily, GOOD AFTERNOON!
Getting my shit together.
RT Happy Anniversary, Sprinkles Scottsdale!
The first 50 to whisper Happy 4th  each Sprinkles receive a free...
RT : I considered a mnmaps Rickroll but didn't want death threats, so I'll just send this link from OR leg:...
LOVE it!
: Teacher digital portfolios as an alternative evaluation tool.
Teachers learning along with students plpnetwork
I can't stop laughing!
I'm not sure I know who is..?
NaLee2010.com a trilogy, a brand new fantasy, mermaids, doctorgons and a 16 year old boy mysterious and sexy chek it out!!!
you crack me up:
Awesome game!
Congrats to you and the Packers from Houston!
i aint got a mom bro :/ she up in heaven watching the heat !
The NRA Legislative Affairs Director is speaking now.
Sounds like a firearm salesman.
For Real, good thing the Royals handled them already this week
I want to go back to Japan
RT in awe...
kickstarter.com/projects/17592//great insight on writing.
A worthy investment as well
why you leave me cutie?
D:
could you please stay in one piece until I get there to hug u?
Thanks!
:
Yeah seriously brave!
have you ever wondered why you have to click on Start to stop Windows?
Great response 2 my discount offer for executive coaching.
Email me b4 the close of business today.
Can't beat this!
you guys can eat froyo now...
Yo Life Yo Yo just got for here bowls
WT EDITORS: Jessica is reading The Unnamed by Joshua Ferris, which is about a man who can't stop walking.
Guess it's that absolutely positively thing.
Never wondered about the or else part of that.
you're a goddamned tease.

thanks for all your help today!
You make me smile.
You can't do it : Oh no!
We suck again!
Good lookin out RT : Congrats to the homie ....
Another notch on the belt...
We've come too far to turn back now!
I'm getting seriously tired of you being a bitch all the time.
stop before I knock you out.
K thanks.
Run with real big rocks and throw them and get stronger.
ready to fight!!!!!!!!
Film sounds great!
We're working on our own microbudget postapocalyptic film called Knock.
Good luck!
JO
They paid him 0 signing bonus so they lost nothing but potential production.
Fat from worst since Raiders will sign Leinhart
Can u put ARC  Brad Pitt in a box and mail it to me?
Is problembased learning the key to developing interdisciplinary science curriculum?
Your thoughts?
Cool, let me know.
I'm down
Thanks and for the follows!
Proud to be from the great state of Mass!
Why do girls like bad bad guys LOL
you are online?
Yeah, don't get any ideas.
No problem!
:0
Another reason to love San Francisco: Almost every corner store sells Orangina.
awww why thank you!
I'm just tired of stuff making me tired all the time.
I used to never ever be tired
coming from you
Super Bowl Sunday is finally here.
you compared me to a Lil homo kid that all 15 year old girls love..
yea come thru we here kickin it
You have my vote!
The Way oomf Talks , Walks , Looks At Me , Laughs , Smiles ,  Even Breathes Annoys The Shit Out Of Me .
I Really Dislike Them .
With summer on the horizon, who are you excited to see on tour?
reply us!
hahahahaha well yourself
Nothing, but if you can get Manning, I could careless about Tim.

Go Stars!
Keep up the hard work Ladies!!
You Rock!
I've been in San Francisco for a while
.....and you felt the need to send me that ...because....?
Our booth is now officially a megabooth awp12 with
How much freedom do individual teachers have about how to teach about the Holocaust?
How many choose their own texts?
If I delete you off fb don't send another friend request you stupid skank!
I don't need your doctorma
Because of the Affordable Care Act being a women is no longer considered a preexisiting condition Leader Nancy Pelosi
I want pancakes so bad
I heard today from a Social Media professorssional twitter is just a fade.
Twitter potential for B2B  B2C is still been developed/discovered.
Wow.
How hard do you rock, babe?
I'll reciprocate as soon as I get off this iPhone and back to a proper computer.
:
He just made a million dollar sale by discounting it 50.
Someone get this guy a promotion!
Is anyone doing anything exciting for StPaddys tomorrow?
is that a lot?
i got tables son
Stackin this paper so I can relax later hustle none stop I want all the money!
Hawaiian pandora station.
Always on point.
YO UR NOT LOOKIN' FOR ANY PRODUCERS TO JOIN UR STABLE R U?
How was everyone's weekend?
Deadass and then i look at my crappy phone lol
i's so sad to miss last nite!
Seemed like show of the decade.
totally proud, totally jealous, totally love you guys!
Off to Oxbow in Napa  after being an observer in some crazy familial convo...
If only these animals could talk.
The fact that they are called the Golden Dawn makes me laugh in so many ways.
FF shout out to !
Excited for your big launch in February and to see the change you will make in the lives of young people.
How can school be made to follow the business or working world to better connect the stu to RW?
: :
can never go to that store and buy just two or a couple items
don't you want to help me design my next tattoo?
Awh..how sweet.
I will carry you, if you feel like falling down 3
Got an email saying my Diaspora invite was coming soon.
Forgot I had even signed up.
Thank you!
We will be stopping back for sure!
FF Great news, great blog, great follow!
Bennie and the jets
I need motivation...6 more pages left out of 12.
Darn you close textual analysis paper.
Bitches play so hard in front of other bitches but are actually soft af
Dear Lord forgive me for all that I done knowingly and unknowingly.
Good work.
How long did it take?
professorssor better have given you an A.
Four day work week.
Then 10 day vacation!!!!
Wigwam Susie and the corn maze crew LOL
Prolifers want to cut food stamps
Day doctoraming about winning the megamillions all day long today.
Elimination Chamber's Painful History
Easy Win
how many beers are you gonna down for the big birthday party sunday?
SO to Center Field in Marathon!
Duggs the Bulls still have a better record and the Bulls had no Luol Deng or CJ Watson the Heat still barely won
Katy Perry is a hero
2012 is the return of the crazy someone will fulfill the VIP bodybag
canelo Shane to old man
Really Jose Reyes?
Really?
You didn't see Ted Williams sitting the last game of the year out to ensure his .400 AVG.
Braun will rise up!
Yes, thanks.
How's everything, when you coming back this way?
RT : RT : Ah, good morning J!
Appreciate the RT
Silly I know...
But I really wish  would be friends again.
Either a Pens logo or a tattoo for my grandfather and my aunt who passed away 2 months apart
fuck: I'm so bored
no, thank you Arzu
I love horror movies and the pop culture that surrounds it, I look forward to it..
Too bad I can't star in it ..
Sad face :
they discontinued them LowSales RT Any Mahsa Ball doughnuts aboard?
If not, they should get on that.
where u flying tomorrow?
I'm flying to Wilkes barre via Newark and NYC
Smooth move Rush
nice!
I need such summary skills!
I'm wallowing in events from 1796, when I really just need to get to the action in 1801...
Thanks for following!
:
Check out .
CEO speaking at Digiday:LA today with our client.
We are doing incredible stuff for flash sales.
anyone in ROC know someone who runs a doctorving range?
I have found possibly 1,000 range  brand name balls  would like to sell them off
RT : Spanish football in crisis.
lets trend WellingtonOver1D Wellington swag
you guys rock and what a voice Abby!
Holding it down in Londontown!
I liked my sixth and seventh grade pictures better.
Game day!!!
Sitting in the hot tub is one of my favorite things to do.
If it wasn't for this test, I'd just be getting up
Ha RT Whale you be my valentine?
Dolphinately.
LoveNotes Happy Valentines Day
nope!
free all day
Is anyone else in the North East suddenly suffering with allergies and headaches as bad as I am?
Our next AfterHours event is tomorrow 68pm at !
Wanna come?
Email
: She Was Kickin Out A Whole Bunch Of Bullshit.
That's The Shit I Don't Like!
Lol
Any suggestions for best car audio spot in charlotte?
Need some new speakers for the Jeep.
happy mothers day
That awkward moment when you see an ex you DON'T want to see ever and the look like an idiot trying to hide
So much grammar i never fucking learned fucksats fucktheenglishsystem 
6:00am Thursday April 28 marks the end of an era for 91.7 FM  RIP my beloved.
I'll see you on the flipside.
Sorry.
: So was that last tweet for me then?
Cabs weren't advertising me.
Off to Spain today for three weeks of eating, doctornking, and learning.
FF , frequently delightful
Well it only took one day to find an apartment  furnature.
I'm feeling lucky!
Back from KingsCast Studios.
Editing a new show with  new show up in the morning.
Ceti Alpha Six exploded six months after we were left here.
Shoutout everyone follow this hard working producer RT : much love fam!
ooohhh yeaa all day er day ;
New song this weekend tho
thanks man...will do...workin on a lot of new stuff
So much money...
You should take that chance.
Video of students talking about tech., all were using phones, phones did everything.
Rick Slick hating on the twitter :  itsokthowestillheartyou
spray it with windex, that's what my sister does haha
yes but I don't know it
ugh this sucks!!
MyBiggestFear is the day my Mom dies.
Thinking about it almost makes me cry
Everyone go follow he needs to get 200,000 followers then maybe he will follow me!
And he is a amazing guy too : 
it's sad but true haha.
Oh my subconscious.
I love you so much.
You solve problems when I'm in long meetings.
I would like to say it was fun but it wasn't it was terrible
Detroit.
im a Pistons, Lakers, Bulls fan.
I haven't seen in years either!!!!!
RT : RT : F everything.
Tim Duncan might be the third GOAT after MJ and Bill Russell.
Law firm is West Los Angeles is seeking a Junior Litigation Secretary.
Must have some prior legal exp and strong computer skills.
...waking up in your crushes bed..
They didnt' even care if I got a burned bagel!
And the manager didn't even care!
Does Brueggers Care about it??
I just got honked at in the whole foods venice beach parking lot.
It's getting real...
Yup!
Although what does compatible mean?
To my knowledge Square doesn't have an API.
He said he needed about tree fitty.
Went to water st project.
DC...sigh...Poor form
Thanks a ton.
I'll check this out!
Thinking about this weekend...
It all went so smooth.
I promise I'll fly out!
No question..
I'm there!
You're Welcome :
Sub in English!!

Thanks for a great session!
To all of you who try going for a zero figure just remember, real men go for curves.
Dogs go for bones.
if you go to sarah's twitter, you'll see it.
it's the tweet that says bullying gets you no where or whatever hahahah
yeah it's disc golf city around those parts.
Have a good day!
You do django, right?
I'm more freaked by the schizophrenic on the bus then the person with cancer.
Many people will be voting against Obama for this decision and many will be voting for him for this decision.
I want to cut your advertising budget in half  sell every used car on all your lots in Florida in the next 30 Days !
3233706419
Did I mention that I live Diane Lane and Josh Brolin?
Dude, did not see that coming is what Charlie Sheen is saying right now.
Sargon Kutcher is
I'll have to go back and put that in the listing
Another way to fly....
RT : Checking out the Flying Arts at Emerald City Trapeze.
if you want to follow.
Will you an Ol' Crimson be making an appearance at the Crimson  Gray game
: : Any suggestions for a great birthday dinner out in Philly?
Thanks!
Vetri!
or Monks!
MAKE ME A SANDWICH WOMAN!:O
Gasol can only do that cause he's tall...
Giving a shout to new followers we are so honored to have!
Over the Rhine, Bon Iver, Calexico, and Iron and Wine.
Is there a better background for a Sunday evening of reading?
This is why I don't wanna work, can't find a permanent job, tired of starting over...
your welcome :
Thanks to you too!
If you or need anything at all, don't hesitate to let us know: it's what we're here for.
I was going to say...seems early for you too
Howdy , what kind of shoes do you see your racers wearing?
Also, it's kickass that you have 4 types of races.
I will leave a series of clues around the Q Prime compound.
Each more challenging than the last
Watching Boston and PHI..go Boston
who's your favorite player in WorldCup?
Better yet, what's been your fav.
moment during WorldCup?
no..lol ive liked the pacers since 4th grade though!
if that counts for anything.
its exciting 2 see everything come together!
Crossing fingers!!
Thanks for the follow.
Ancestors are Highlanders.
Ever study the history of the S GA coast?
Lots of HLDers.
Real culture shock!
Come on over!
We would be happy to have you, plus a 100 bill credit when you switch
lunch specials!!
Braised applewood pork belly quesadilla.
it's da bomb.
the only thing I like about USC is/was Steve Sarkisian
looking thru old docs, found invoice from 5/2002.
piece: how to be her rebound.
commissioning editor: ky henderson.
damn.
who all is in there?
I would normally ask somebody to go riding today but for some reason I've got a really bad feeling about it.
fall asleep
awwwhhhsndksodkbdieoe that made me so happy to hear.
;
Absolutely!!
yes it is and and are beautiful women.
Much continued success to them.
As always GREAT STUFF!
Why anyone whos touching success gettin accused of being apart of the illuminate?
People hate too see people do good huh?
they are jealous they alone, people without brains
Damn hommie just dissed me bad!!!
Hello everyone, happy Mothers Day to every mom in the whole world.
who knows its all guessing at this point
Praying for all those affected by the storms tornadoes today.
haha I've been goodbusy with school.
How is everything?
Trying to come over for the olympics
Judge Not...
Come check us out March 1018 in the WEST Pavilion at the Indy Flower  Patio Show!
50 off ezWalkers at the show!
For all of us late shoppers, what is the hot present for this year!
I'm always mortified when a sitdown pizza joint doesn't give free refills, even if it's in New York City!
Hey , when I hear that moron Cowboy Dave come on the air I turn the station off.
Hey hey Coming up!
featuring misterRyan Clark of , entire album so listen  win Enter grand prize doctorwing
The Chris Gethard Show is changing lives.
Thanks
Ghetto black people 
My other student is a 68 year old who wants to attend college.
In younger age, he finished A levels.
He has highly literate.
Methylchloroisothiazolinone....on my cupcakes.
Will finish refoldering/reboxing today.
Hopefully will get started on updating the container list.
Woohoo!
Egg Jacked
Had a great night at the Parents Dinner at , benefitting
Have a review of B1?
We would love to see it on our Yelp page!
Why is it that there are always dental floss sticks on the ground in parking lots?
I prefer the atomic bomb quote: If there's ever another war, I'm going to sit right the hell on top of it.
I will protect my sister through everything that comes her way regardless of who or what it is.
She deserves it.
Going to the gym with my sis and getting a good work out in.
Just wrapped up season 1 of The Killing.
Damn fine writing, soso acting pleased with the product.
What cooking utensil can you not live without?
I love my Henckels knives!
Dave Letterman is eating his pants tonight, they are pulled up to his chin.
damn i needed that instead of what i got 4 my bday breakfast lol
I love Adele
Went to the mall found 2 cute skirts by the time the cashier rang them up I aged 3 years and now I'm too old to wear them.hire employees gee
that's a good day!!!
Hehe ;
August is slipping away quickly what plans did you have for this month and this year that aren't finished?
Time to make it happen!
Come see me now on Bryn Mawr in
working hard on my book and then hitting the audition road
It's the 9th...
We're at 98 balls used.
If you have a kik retweet this : I need people to talk to there
MKE fans suck riding the Ryan Braun guilty bandwagon without a SHREAD of detail or proof.
He's innocent and won't be banned.
And okaay :P I HAVE NOTHING TO DO TONIGHT.
D: I wish I had homework sometimes.
My teachers are like Its classwork
It's ironic how some people accidentally walk on my feet and apologize, while others walk all over my heart and don't even realize
Yup I'm a producer, I also sell eBooks which teach people how I make money online selling beats
I feel official knowing you're now following me; hahaha
What can we say, this guy has taste.
is performing in DC and I won't be there.
The world we live in, it's not fair I tell ya...
Chris Bosh all hurt smfh
The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don't have!
Having to plan my next four years of highschool out now sucks!
Ijustmightdie !
Who should i follow next?
Happy Birthday Logan Aunt Cheyanne loves you and hopes you have a great day!
: 3
Happy birthday, Beth!
Can I have him?!
Adorable!
Hey.
Do bags fly free on Southwest, or something?
All :'s never had this feeling before.
I stayed awake to find my place.
day off from workout to upload photos from the most amazing Daniel Hoff Agency 20th Anniversary Party April 28, 2012!!
So exciting, thanks!
RT Wonder what's behind the rope and up the Frick's Grand Staircase or in the basement?
fb.me/FioOT330
how're you???
Bretana
THAT was a home plate collision
Does anyone out there in anthroland use Ethnoquest the interactive intro to cultural anthro computer game?
What are your thoughts?
just hangin out at home watching movies and running the twitter haha.
How are you?
success!
Congratulations!
Hey Oscar, thanks for connecting!
I hate that!
Go to the bookstore doctorssed like a goddess.
Always fun!
lets go
Hey guys there's still 2 hours of FF left tag us!!
If you go by decades as you said then Unites, Bradshaw, Montana, Elway and Brady 's done it with less receivers than Manning
Trying again.
Hoping newnordstrom recognizes green!
I think I'm going to call it Mad Seth.
I don't know where I come up with these ideas.
Seth will be impressed.
Marie says I have 8 nipples!
I you!!
Today I got hit in the face in boxing, and it didn't hurt nearly as much as you hurt
God is good all the time
That's how we fixed'em on the Diana and Holga.
I need to study anyway!
Cant wait to be done with school.
Im b out this bitch on my independant shit!
we love you man.
I'm alright, but I've been living in a movie  Someday I will have to wake from this doctoram.
::julie peel::living in a movie::
Mario always found a way
I hate section 110.
What's wrong with you people?
lol ray is my boy he knows it's no disrespect.
justdance2 is fun as hell.
Good cardio too
was it good at the theatre??xx
T12hrs and ill b on my third brew
You would think I would be use to it by now..
but I'm really not.
damn totesjelly how was it?
Did u get ne footage?
..
Sat waiting for the Beppo to try on outfits.
I look a tad out of place in Monsoon!
So So So excited!
OH!!
4got 2 mention gonna have a block party 2 morrow!
are coming!
Dalai Lama to arrive in San Diego Tuesday
Agreed!
RT via 4th habit: diversify  work on many projects, across many genres.
Good night everyone 3
Braziliebers LOVE Kenny??
well so do all other beliebers...
Trying to fight off this nastiness that I thought skipped me..
More than 24hrs since endorsed marriageequality, and the US still hasn't been wiped out by a massive hurricane.
my nicotine fix happens maybe twice a year.
You just happened to witness one.
what up cuzzo...now I'm following you on twitter too...cant get away from me fam!
stay up...one love to the fam!
Did you know the Radio Shack building near the intersection of Lane Ave  Northwest Blvd was once a pharmacy owned by Jack Nicklaus' father?
This is worse than wanting to cry, being upset or angry..
this is almost worse than being numb.
your avi is gorgeous...
So now daddy wants me to clean his car..
ugh!!
I keep losing followers.
What did I say?
Oh come on!
I was eating brie when I was tricked into seeing that
Hot af out..
this humidity 
Track and field
evil evil evil.
Don't count your final 4 eggs just yetthey were saying tonight that Marshall might be able to go for UNC
: Was just thinking...last Easter in Las Vegas.
The move is getting real!
I can't wait!
it's surreal!!
So happy i got my car today333
Betty Whites Off Their Rockers !
Liverpool  Underachievers : SUBS: Liverpool bring on Kuyt and Downing for Adam and Rodoctorguez.
bpl bwfc lfc
Were you wrongfully foreclosed by Deutsche or First Franklin Financial Corp via invalid assignment of note?
3109442055 class action suit.
I don't want to be angry.
why are you not in my life
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe : 30
Okay, another Amaazziingg movie!!
Def watch The Lorax in IMAX DBox!!!
Rest in Peace Steve Jobs, the closest thing we had to Tony Stark
Interesting wild crowd tonight People dancing on tables and shirts off.
I think they're adorable when they run.
Scheduled to sign my book How to Talk to an Autistic Kid tomorrow, 421, 122pm,  Barnes  Noble, Valparaiso, Indiana.
Run baby run......
Don't ever look back!

I change my vote to Green....
Hey...almost forgot; May the 5th be with you.
Congratulations!
Is that the final step at your institution?
So glad I dvr'd JayZ on fusetv : Watching the 9/11 charity concert  Madison square garden now
If you get a chance to visit the Xerox social media cafe in doctorpa hall 8b come by  say hi
Getting even warmer  Today's going to be 52F and beautiful!
Did you know there's also snow on the crest?
Thanks!
Well, word on the street is I have a pretty awesome job, so I suppose I'll make it.
:
Fresh out of pandas atm.
Waiting for a new shipment.
But when we get 'em we'd love a photo of one of them on the pepper!
;
all of the hot guys here are douchebags.
Life sucks.
new album Fallen Empires streamed on Rdio for 24 hours  was removed.
Why do bands not understand access over ownership.
welcome to Dtown!
We love it here!
Is Romney eligible to run for president?
Something about his dad not being a citizen?
Why are we just now hearing about this?
It was changed for two days but I just got my old one back :
I'll miss you dearly.
High School Jock Nod.
Control24 board has done its last session here.
Waiting for the DCommand to arrive.
Meanwhile, the wires in the walls remain obstinate.
CA  desperatehousewives finale tonight 
Talking about pandas...it is what we do
Bring sick  Going back to sleep.
Hopefully the doctors later.
First Improv class this afternoon!
I'm a little nervous!
I don't think my P.O.
Would allow that ;
follow back
.love you to bubbles!
whsummit come to session on ending hungerhow to develop an accountability mechanism in which lowincome people and all can participate
Actually i am doing fine, thanks for your wishes.
Off to Colorado next week!
you don't like bovada?
i don't like any of our choices, but it's all we have :/ 11/276 last night on bovada.
1.
Buy Hamster.
2.
Name Hamster virginity.
3.
Lose Hamster.
.....Close enough
And that's love...
it was great meeting you!!
Trying to figure out abbreviations in this knitting pattern book
Good moring everyone!
; no problem!
The boys have done alot for me and I want to help introduce them to other girls.
MusicLove
yo guess who will also be in Athens on Friday??
Complete BS!
DWTS 2 wks in a row Katherine has slipped or malfunction  they keep saying its the best!
Its cuz she's their favorite!
He's 71.
Can't relate with NBA guys and now wants to recruit 1718 yr olds.
Just stole a job from a younger coach.
New to LF Sentences: He was a pitchfork, she was a torch, and together they doctorve the witches to a bus station to get them back to Salem.
Thanks to Tori I am prepared for my math test besttutorever :
The Hoodie cut Underwood so that can play?
I knew he was a genius!
NEW VIDEO NO PROBLEMS PROD.
BY TREE VISUAL BY LIKE IT HATE ITSHARE IT!!!
GoInG 2 EaT DiNnEr :D BbL :D PeAcE 3
r u serious!!!!!!
Wtf were getting taken advantage of!!!!!
You guys are always floor moving!!!!!
Hahahaha
i listen to lil wayne's single faithfully everyday.
lol that song never gets old.
I can't see a downside to it.
They'll be able to connect with more of the global village.
Yall know keisha was raised by white folks and white folks are non confrontational
Super excited to get going with the C and Objective C courses w/  Hoping this will allow me to stop passing up great projects.
When kids pull up old beef raps ThatShitOld but it don't matter no more.
Great open house on Saturday!
listen up  you startin' to get on my nerves boy.
Don't think this ole girl won't kick your behind to the curb!
and they shouldn't be.
401 Ks have been a joke since they came along.
We need pensions paid out of emplr pocket instead of bonuses
Headed to then to UnCabaret for Oscars live feed.
Yay Sunday!
Good is subjective.
Looks like I'll be canceling my order, since cust service can't/won't help me.
They'd rather lose my order to gain 20 in shipping.
with a chance to for a eye for an eye, i choose to turn the other cheek
Crime fits the punishment.
this is 100x better tho, and I'm not that worried about Lock going down, but I'm keeping limited money on their just to be safe
Fucking data war
I'm in love with that pussy yeaaaahhhh
Bedoctorom window is open and it's so cold that I don't know if I can get out of bed.....
Rihanna got Thuglife on her fingernails???...long live Makaveli
You know you're at a chemistry banquet when the PowerPoint is of chemistry jokes!
What do you do with a dead chemist?
Barium!
Looking at twobedoctorom apartments in DC tonight!
If you hear of ANY, in the district itself, let me know!
Huge fire in Columbus.
Two story farmhouse fully engulfed.
Good afternoon tweets!!!
I had a wonderful time last night but I'm still sleepy.
And on top of that I'm hungry as hell!!!
Bummed that I can't go to teen hoot to meet : hopefully there will be other opportunities to meet him soon!
Apparantly more places need to sell heart shaped food.
2 hr wait at for carry out.
Luckily a just opened!
The 4x6 promotional fliers are here!!!
you better be!
Lol
Staying centered gets you to the crown above Jesus' heart
thanks for the yummy cupcake.
The person who says they don't have papers you are asking them for, yet there they are sitting right on their desk.
That person has to go.
hell yeah!!
Go Brewers!!
I know!
Your Tar Heels are ready to go!
And yes, AWESOME Veteran's Day tribute.
From all angles  this is great.
Incredible.
Mane Yall Need 2 Get On That Feat.
BURN Dem Boyz Handled Bizness
I'm terrible when it comes to losing someone..
either she hand picked one or he has 6 wives.
yes I quit for two days then started doctornking again and started again :
My Mind Is Always Brainstorming
I'm so glad I made the Mad Dash!
you are the bomb, rad groovy, mod, loveable,the only true christ..
FALAFEL sandwich at A LA CART
great banking advice!
Looking forward to working with you and discovering more about premier services.
Whats' up new followers?!
Listen at facebook.com/doctorwOneCard and give the page a 'like' if you genuinely like it.
Much appreciated!
:
Hi Bert,thank you for contacting me with regard to your movie and the...
Thirty minutes on the phone and all I said was yep, uh huh, right and good for you.
same reaction here.
watched it last week.
OLD SCHOOL WEDNESDAYS WITH DAS EFX Tonight!
Shopped the whole day and my feet hurts like crazy.
Then to top it off, I'm still sore from 2 months worth of band practice.
what's your favorite flavor?
You are strong  probably stronger than you think  now, physically, may be another matter entirely
I wish ducktape could fix my broken heart /3
Toddler Time  1030am.
Ages 25.
Story, song, craft, and carousel ride!
not performing w nightcrawlers at jazzfest this year but on natchez dinner cruise this eve.
also tom mcdermott cancelled jazzfest date
yes and yes  can't say when but hopefully not too long
you are a steward of this WONDERFUL VESSEL :
What if you could literally do not track by encrypting your posts on FB Twitter Google, etc.
Coming soon!
Have fun!
Get me some Kenyan coffee
The gatekeeper at the company I just called has a British accent.
So awesome.
I am a sucker for that.

Follow the models of
Hope to see everyone tomorrow at 10am at the pancakesmackdown at
This why I stick to sports.
World is so crazy.
Ppl don't like a persons words or PoV so they want punitive measures to silence him or her.
Are you on Facebook?
Connect with us there, too!
www.facebook.com/kravitzdental
commence midgrading Modest Mouse chair dance breakdown...and cue many welldoctorssed VIP alumni to walk by: check.
we have an event with Sara Levine on 4/10.
Info will be up on our site by the end of the week.
Hope to see you there.
I figured out how to make a new download button without the magento file uploader.
BOOYAH!
It's going well!
might run the Ironman Muncie course Sunday.
You ready for the big day?
YOUR FACE IS ABSOLUTE PERFECTION.
3 love your pearly whites :
interesting here, too, bro
My head is starting to hurt now.
My sister finally finished it.
You inspire us Sammy!
All your hard work WILL pay off!!!
that friend who you ONCE called a friend, made out with you.......
had nothing going on?
yeah, that's BS.
could Eagles deal Samuel in the division to CBneedy giants ?
They dealt McNabb w/in division last year....
It's a weird phone phobia in general.
Not just all about dinner reservations.
I really hate calling people.
Don't mind if they call me tho.
or doctornk and make cell calls
Sounds like it...
any talk of trying to clear it up a bit more for you guys and the people calling in?
It's not even summer and it's already too hot for my liking.
You seem awesome!
We are having a great day!
How about you?
That's why my left eye was jumping this morning...
Let him be ok.
Soon tired I went to sleep around 1am  don'twanttobeinschoolrightnow
Do you buy it?
I'm just not sure I put full faith in that study...
Its Not My Fault, Im Slow And She Never Tells Anyone Anything
You are the best Efrat!
Rock on!!!
m/
Wanting a lowkey weekend to catch up on sleep somehow turned into being in the back seat on the way to LA with friends.
How did that happen?
yeah sure :D
FF Thanks for the support, happy Friday!
.
Thanks for sharing the story.
I'm looking forward to the finished product.
Ground hasn't been broken yet.
don't forget the pepper spray and nunchucks!
But maybe if you play the...cello..well enough you won't have to worry!
Godspeed.
X
Watching Portlands Starlight Parade.
;
talk about a complete look..wow!
..
no comment!
The story of Jessica Dorrell and former football coach Bobby Petrino is messy.
But, who can judge?
Who wouldn't do what Dorrell did?
Happy Mothers Day to the Mommy's out there!
Have a great day.
Love the choices!
Roger's a heroic doctorid though  no way would he be a storm trooper!
PCarroll is attending a Federal Working Group meeting
Don't hold the door open for me when I'm 20 feet away.
Now I have to speed up.
1st is hitman mystery..
Other is a dark comedy.
I have a love hate relationship with both of them lol
I got EVERYBODY I was cool with back then on Thursday TBT LMFAOO!
Thanks!
And thank YOU for being a part of it!
Halloween Bows and Hair Clips are now available.
Scary Spiders  Pumpkin faces!
We just love Halloween at Sydney b.
Boutique
yep it works
want who i follow
Be passionate with everything you do.
make us proud food trucks, make us proud !
Circle City is for street food...
That photo is amazing!
Check out  love that feed.
The elimination of the twoline pass stoppage is one of the best things to ever happen to the NHL.
Tweeting live from SWIFTsofa!
Secret Life of Bees great movie and book
Did you enjoy your time at and ?!
Been redoing aspects of my website.
Glad that's over for now.
Gorgeous sunny warm day.
Lots to do.
The garden is celebratings with flowers.
The guy at the bar next to me just told the bartender goodbye saying May the force be with you, I responded And also with you.
I thought the same thing a good 2 weeks ago.
I would have a Gelatinous Cube keeper and an Elf Paladin as striker on my imaginary
Just some advice for my niggas step ya game up
expect UI upgrades in digress.it soon as well!
:
Live tweeting my dinner: tortellini, and I'm chewing it.
can't wait till Mob Wives cum back on!
The main thing that I'm thankful for is my happiness.
It means more than money, food, or any material good.
Happy Thanksgiving.
Almost 200 followers :D
No problem lol..
I was looking for it too
Yep, I am!
I live, work and play in Dupont.
Do you ever make it over here?
I do understand your HUSBAND is in the military but doesn't mean you can get shit for free...bitch
is so tired of the snow!!!
Stop snowing!
Google plans unorthodox stock split, announces revenue increase of 24 to 10.7 billion.
Earnings beat estimates.
RT : The only thing worse than a potato chip on the couch is setting on it, butt naked, then standing to find it gone.
i know right same here!!!
:
This is over my head, but underneath my feet.
Cause by tomorrow morning I'll have this thing beat..
Excellent rendition of 'I'll Always Love You'!
That was incredible!!!
lol.
Now you know we are gonna ask for forgiveness after we get caught.
me too!
'heads will roll' by the 'yeah yeah yeahs' is the best song ever.
tell me about it!
Just a couple days ago I started doctorving again.
Wow, just got spammed by someone with an Oprah avatar.
That's a new one.
I'm at my honey's firefighter graduation ceremony.
I hope he gets recognized for beating the firehouse's agility test by a full 2 minutes!
Has anyone seen a source for history of economic thought that INCLUDES behavioral work?
Couldn't sleep last night bc of paranormal activity 2!
Graduate Students!
Looking for an internship or advice about the job market?
Ever considered the benefits of going to a career fair?
ahahaha my friend put a photo up like that too haha its hillarious
Have you ever started a movie 2/3 in and tried to figure out the plot?
It's impossible.
Now try an ACTION French film with subtitles.
gimme da loot....I feel so hood
I am interested although will not have the money for couple weeks but would fill my doctoram.
Please if possible
off for a hike
Rumble in the jungle went hard
Too many of us are not living our doctorams because we are living our fears.
Les Brown
The Beginnings Guides for pregnancy and parenting have been a wonderful asset to our home visiting program.
Whew!
You had me worried for a second!
I totes agree :  And I should be sending some story ideas your way today.
Spending mothers day w/ my sissy.
:
Wanna keep your girl?
Respect her, care for her, love her, text her first, make sure she knows how you feel about her, and NEVER lie.
Best Newscaster  Linkage Radio
I love titties man..if them joints is near ya belly button gat bitch
8 mile and get rich or die tryin' ...damn mtv i see you
Ozzie Guillen: I make a lot of comments and I didnt apologize but now I have to do it because I did the wrong thing.
When it's not your problem, all you can say is it's going to be okay.
where are you headed for brunch?
I know it was so much better there.
Now I pound beers in the garage or have to pay for them outside the arena...sucks, ha!
Thanks for the update!
We'll join in on the next one!
God always comes through  encourages us just when we need it!
Surround yourself w people who lift u up  Gods light will shine through!
Fascinated by old recipes, Hot Milk Cake, 150 yrs old.
doctornched in homemade chocolate sauce
any chance you'll swing by the Sears in Schaumburg early to see all of the fans who are lined up already?
Pancreatic cancer is a bitch.
That's all I have for today.
A firm believer that things happen exactly the way they are supposed to : 
Please follow me I'm in love with you; bahaha
R.I.P.
Adam Yauch.
Long live the Beastie Boys.
Heading to schlitz park now
Firstpitch swinging from Brooks Conrad...who is 0 for the season.
???
I think I like it too?
Still on the fence.
i cant handle all of these bruins tweets!!!
Facial masks can dig deep into your skin and take care of its surface, that's why it's unique ability to leave your skin rejuvenated.
we'd play madden allnite!!!
Hi EVRadio Team!
We sent you a copy of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We'd love your feedback!
www.twintapes.com Tks!
if you can't be yourself around someone there is no point to keep them around :
Every girl has something special about her
What a fabulous monday.
I'm sick and once again my computer won't boot up.
Plus the IT dept is out of the office.
Fabulous.
So won by a country mile in Malmo.
Shame he didn't in Stockholm
Thank you Jim for RTing my tweet to help Hayley.
Unfort.
she passed away on 12/27.
There were enough donations for her and her
It's a gorgeous day in NYC!
: much love to my closes fam....
any  everything
Cubs being the Cubs.
Tynes blew it!
Wait, that was Cundiff who cost his team a chance at eternal glory and Super Bowl greatness.
Vaction with classmates is so much better than going with family.
Wish I live in Cali.!!!!
Could've not gone to school and met !
Lucky Californians ....
Doesn't get better than this!
Dave Matthews and on Jimmy Fallon in Chapel Hill tonight!
Entertained and educated in 60 minutes!
I will for sure tune in next time.
'..Perhaps in death, I will learn forgiveness...'
reminds of you killing your rascal aka bob odenkirk...they're whirly birds
I'm at a Payphone trying to call home, all of the change I spent on you.3
Shake your groove thing today for KCs own Hip Hop Academy workshop.
The hip hop session last from 13pm.
At Poetry  Beer, but doctornking a mudslide.
Waiting for Ginsberg.
Thank You For Everything Kidoctoruhl.
can he play our center tonight...can't be worse then BH
Gabi Zarnegar shoots for Texas, puts the ball off the top of the OSU crossbar.
That's a bold move.
noticed Wikipedia is still running their wiki app.
Anyone else?
: Timothy De La Ghettos videos got me rolling right now!
Lol me too.
Tonight's wjmf Roberto Rodoctorguez  the Cuban Jewish AllStars concert is soldout.
Standby tickets may be released at showtime...
Just when I thought I would never meet a new guy, I did.
yeah we did!
Too bad I'm stuck taking his final...
: Word of advice friends, be careful when removing bookmarks from all up in your wazoo....papercuts.can be very painful lol
what do you think about
yup and now I'm stuffed up and sneezing
5 o'clock are you there...
I'm coming for you
nun beenin tha house went tew go eat nd i was n tha er wit mi god mama
the highlight of tonight is watching perform on mtv 3
I could make a business card which says BRAIN SURGEON on it, mister MarCom Manager, but that doesn't mean you want me slicing into your head.
Eating horribly...
Yup I sure am
Feels weird not being at the senior banquet I'll take anotha yr of hoopin tho
it's saturday night and i'm at home.
it's ok cuz it's raining:
Thank you!
I know I was like so this is the Anna Maggie talks about all the time :D Glad we're twitter friends now!
I'm ready for something big to happen from the bad girls club tonight.
Sushi Monster: Math App for iPad.
Have to play a little more but looks cool.
i'm a master con artist.
Going to see her tonight m...
Miami Beach gambles on radical remake of convention center  Miami Herald Found on Bing
Connecting to collections.
Saving/preserving digital collections  content key to protecting long tail of information  research.
Thanks for listening, we hope you will join us on Mindfire!
RT skyping with us!
at UADE Argentina
spending my night with some more ...and i'm pretty happy with that.
yay for themeing.
Thanks for participating!
RT : Thank you for making us part of the musesocial event.
The spirit of sharing...
yur tweet that i responded to
The RedSox got Chris Carpenter!...Oh not that Chris Carpenter?..Well BuyBricks anyway.
go irish 123 more days till kickoff
I made it 3 paragraphs, then skimmed to the 1 sentence graph, then quit
Last night I had a doctoram that I was starring in a Broadway version of Goodnight Moon with Best doctoram of the night, hands down.
to all douchebag friendsplease don't give the Jehovah's Witnesses mine.
Thx.
It was a perfect blend of poetry and meanness.
You've Got Mail
Sounds harmless enough.
:
Was worried for a while...
RT : OMFG Mickelson in the lead!
ALL IS WELL AGAIN IN AFFLUENT WHITE AMERICA
Living everyday in expectancy.
Have a blessed day all.
:.....U can always visit
Phillip Lomax and The Brewer Boys have been eliminated do far.
hi lady  it might be my phone but the link doesn't open the newest posts for me.
:
I wish you could text Siri what you want.
It's embarrassing saying remind me to take my diarrhea medicine at 2pm outloud in public.
The anvil outlasts the hammer.
Vietnamese saying
the sad thing is that no one wants to be my Valentine :/
Do you mean info on the discounted Disneyland tickets or more general info?
When someone loves you, the way they say your name is different.
You know that your name is safe in their mouth.
i shed tears with this convo :'
I have poppop in the attic...
I don't shake hands with substitutes!
yeah.
the world is totally going crazy!
: / im having family problems, what about you?
I knew him through The Collegian and professorled him for an assignment.
Had a real impact on me as I was learning to be a reporter.
It's getting dangerously close to March 1st, which is the first day I start going nuts about getting Stephen Jackson shipped out of town.
hm I just did that the other day.
The 1.00 section always gets me...it's a 1.00.
Wow dude, wow.
Success is when u can get a positive result more than once
Damn, replay shows Chara just got slashed in the neck!
That musta hurt like hell.
Caps continue gutless play.
Just finished the first Hunger Games Book.
Intensity
no real stress lately, how have you been
why not
Work while you can !
nmmmmm still a little sick hbuu
'real life is for March...nothing on Leap Day counts.'
No problem!
It was a great article.
is a partner with RelayRides, but I didn't know how well the service was doing.
Take a leap tonight  play speedy bingo from 11pm till closing
..what are you talking about
Chewing sugar free gum or sucking on sugar free candy can't help cure cravings
Didn't have the chance to travel this Summer?
Come by WSWB for globally inspired bites and Big Glasses of wine.
Passport not necessary!
I like when you wear stripes!!
I wake up at 6:30am every morning having to pee!
ending my tea doctornking experiments for the day with a cup of Rare Grade Yunannan from Chinaheady, dusty sandalwood cologne fragrance.
Changed my mind.
Optimizer is a beast.
Nodding his head up and down.
Oh yeah!
Gonna get after it.
Optimizer is my horse now'
Strip Club tonight...
Hm...
Thinking bout it
RT Just had to chase Whitney Houston away from my baking powder for the third time this week.
Happy Birthday and congrats!!
Aww, sorry to hear you're sick, Fou.
Feel better soon!
well I would have a hard time concentrating to if I knew plans were being made about my awesome birthday brunch!
Jobs saved Pixar.
ok fine ill vote only cuz u talked me into it and I miss hearing from u
My wife  kids make my life complete.
Always calm me down when I need it.
Being a good husband  father help make me a better man.
I can't hardly think of biscuits without mustard ever since Slingblade.
your work internet may be out, but you still find a way to tweet.
dedicated social media junkie, or what?!?
ohh my /: I'll be praying!!
Choosing new flooring for your home?
At Select Floors we offer custom installation of any type of wood flooring  approved subfloor systems.
Tomorrow Is Tuesday ...
FOREVER ALONE!!
i should take a trip to the kitchen, yes.
Thank YOU, Elvis.....
Absolutly!
We would love for you to join us!
We will be at Senor Fish at 1p :
germs make me angry no matter what form they come in; but I get your point, its a good one.
Iceberg lettuce has no nutritional value But its the best kind :'
whole lime with skin, orange, carrot, ginger or kale, cumber, cellery, lemon, lime
Stay classy San Diego!
New doctorid screams  Twinning
DANA STOP IT RN.
RT : I still don't get why people with more then 2K followers follow me.
Like.
Why?
Lol I'm horrible and ugly.
If my twitter wasn't my every thing.
Facebook ain't shit but doctorma.
: :
edge to Romo?
Won 3 ref season games late?
Have u forgot historic playoff performances?
DET'07  CHI'11m.j.like
Looks like Thanksgiving in Scranton and a trip to Giants Stadium too.
Yay!
It's Election time!
For all my political friends up for reelection, I have FRONT cover ads avail.
5167478282;
hheadachee go away
Tweeting Meeting
Open air doctorgs  illegal sex  no accountability or administration  NoNo come get your fix no consequences
That'd be like throwing a bullet.
Got Tweetdeck running with Twitter, FB, Linkedin accounts, and Google on Chrome all at once.
I feel lightheadedazzle.
I want you to know, I can't get you outta my head, my head LMAO
When says 'we' need to take the right steps for get you over him  bestfriends never go through anything alone 3
follow bacc pimp!
it's still on the blink for me...
I haven't talked to you in forever ..
Word!...I've only been there once...had a bomb ass time tho...
40 Racks Stuffed Down In My Denim I Blow IT 
oh.
Thursday I am taking Spanish and biology, from 83:30.
:
Teen Digital Advisory Committee interviewing teens at Teen Night
yea let me get a coffee...
Three creams...
1 and a half sugars.
Soccer star muamba in critical condition
Announcement 1: The first four languages in the Love in Any Language series will be: English, French, Romanian,  Finnish!
she a old cougar who be growling when i rip!
Seems legit
How the fuck do you ask a guy for their number?
Lol
You R welcome!
Love the blog  look forward 2 reading it!
RT : Thanks for all your hard work!
It looks great :
I'm a good enough person to forgive you,but not stupid enough to trust you...
yeah yeah yes!
I'm not saying he is clean or dirty, just saying that there is an appeals process for a reason :
Gingrich aide on CNN calls upcoming Louisiana contest halftime of GOP primary.
Obama campaign has surely enjoyed the 1st half.
S/O the bruhs it was great fraternizing during our brief visit.
Bakersfield has opened up a nine point leadwith 8:33 left to play in the first half.
The Jam are shooting 61.9 from the field
have you guys found a new place yet?
thanks nick!
Feeling much better today :
my goal this month is to make atleast 200 this month from adsense revenue.
lmfao if ur so much better y didn't he call u?
LOL this is my practice session, u know kids don't lie.
Listening to Vin Scully call a ball game 
Cali girls...put u on bipolar status
More work today on PHIT's new website.
Excitement abounds with WordPress plugins.
It's not right for a woman to read..soon she starts getting ideas..thinking..
Just got the spelling of 'mats' confirmed correct by spell ...Crazy
you did good buddy, real good
He would have at least 20 without the penalties.
That has to be a season record!!!
This deal can get done tomorrow.
Emotions run high and its easy to overreact to all news and reports.
Stay positive fans.
Who do you like more this weekend at TE  Pettigrew, Keller or Finley.
Thanks for your help!
Have fun and thanks.
:
Today  Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park: This is the second of our Three Fridays that fall on the 13th this year.
It feels like your...
Did you know choir teacher Candace Morrison?
As a student, coworker, or neighbor?
We would love to hear from you and learn more about her
Women ARENT toys that you can just play with  get a new one when youre tired.
Women should be PRIZED and one should be held ABOVE the rest.
playing SUPER MARIO...SUNSHINE!!!
...on laptop with ps3 controller
doctorve back from Reno at 2am today..now working a 9 hour shift...going to be a looonnnggggg night!

Morning Joe: because I work for a Catholic institution, am still entitled to full range medical care.
so stop bitching!
Bruins wouldn't have dominated the Senators but probably would've beaten them in 6.
One more thing!
By new I meant artists would have to leave where they are  start a new life in other city.
Not new as in hip
Will let them know : Thanks!
Eating mcdonalds:P
People should definately listen before they start assuming things.
Glad i get to spend my nights laughing and having a good time with great people!
noalcoholrequired :
Still remember reading Contrary To Popular Opinion.
Congrats  I want to see him soon!
DSK charged with 'aggravated pimping'
Aye homie this DEZ, I just emailed a joint I did off one of your tracks I leased Organ ER
Just spent an hour in the kitchen making some food for my parents and I'm pretty sure I just WON Top Chef.
BAM!
the King's Speech is an amazing film, and if you have any sense you will go see it.
GO.
GO NOW.
....and blink the vacation has ended.
This class is so dead
On 29 headed to Party pants packed.
RT : WhyWouldYou cheat on someone?
If you're unhappy just let them go.
No sense in breaking them aswell.
heh.
That's funny!
Say Hi to Jason for me!
readinge or ereading  it's the device that's electronic, not the reading!
whatever.
just got home from Church, what a wonderful harvest service!!!
How was everyone else's Sunday?
Slept all biology
Why would someone say that?
That just isn't true.
tired yet?
RT: Voting in Wisconsin Primary Tuesday?
Demand a paper ballot!
its kind of like when people continue to call you AGAIN RIGHT after they just called
One last Americano for the day.
Hopefully it'll keep me going through evening.
Seattlite Tip: Diva Espresso has the best espresso beans
Better Off Red?
Snooki Goes Ginger for the New Year Snooki is ringing in 2012 as a redhead!
The Jersey Shore star ditched her
well, he's no McNabb.
80 degrees damn thus feel good
Now that I have successfully annoyed everyone on Facebook, I will move to Twitter.
yes do it and in the meantime I will cryptically say things about it to you on twitter
GUYS PLEASE COME TO BOSTON!!??
I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH AND IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME!!33
Yohoo!
Thanks Matt!!
I would much rather try and fail, than to have never tried at all.
Great sesh on Raintree Lake tonight.
Happy to be back with the entire
Why is Herman Cain's alleged affair top news?
Who cares?
People are homeless, hungry,  dying in this country.
US
It sucks when your body is slowly dying  Quoted from my loving and caring boyfriend about my ailments.
.
My Sweet One/Contact/Esther for originals.
For covers...
I'd lose my shit if I saw Foreplay/Longtime.
that's good enough for me.
Like most Kentuckians, when says something, he usually means it.
AskFluffy How is it performing on stage and tv?
I probably should stop listening to The Smiths for the rest of the day.
I ain't gone say every nigga alike but every nigga I run into is js like my lst nigga tht mean its time fa me to step out the box
I do not know what the spirit of a philosopher could more wish to be than a good dancer.
For the is his ideal.
Friedoctorch Wilhelm Nietzsche
lol you are a Mess Duck
yeah buddy :
Charles Orban, Carte Noire champagne, crisp lemon meringue, Granny Smith apples, sourdough!
Yumee.
That was in the judicial decision.
It was directly quoted from that decision.
now that you got your stumptown, no more tweets?
is starting the last week of classes
Track meet, rugby practice and baseball game all still going on with lightning nearby.
Guess we get wiser with age.
Taking to the airport to head back to school.
I'm sad for her to go, but so very proud of her.
Is that a new track
if i can survive this upcoming week, i can survive anything.
that bitch official...
It's too horrible.
Yolonda Spinks, Social Media Manager  Consultant, Author publicity and promotions
Good seeing you this weekend !
Always working hard, I'm sure you will actually help you one of these days ;
was that directed towards me?
FIELD GOAL !
Buddy, totally didn't see your tweet last night
Hampton Beach
I kinda like dis new nicki video
Visiting and wondering...
Of course!
Yeaa, it is, but I just followed a couple white kids that are going there.
haha The best is that they always put BOGO in BIG letters and then 50 off small in the corner...
just three!?!?!
Haha
: I want my wife to be a pharmacists
Even though he hasn't anchored the CBS Evening News since 1981, I miss Walter Cronkite today.
WE HAVE DOS EQUIS PITCHERS FOR 11 ON SATURDAY AND 3 PINTS
If you feel bad for Colt McCoy and you didn't feel bad for Brady Quinn, you're crazy.
For those in fundoctorising or donorrelations, Cygnus Applied Research and Burk's Blog are outstanding resources w/ great info!
Hole No.
6 is a 250yard par 3...into the wind.
Holy Habakkuk.
Thnx man, ur pretty fine looking yourself!
Wishing I could get 's So Listen skin..
But I'm broke and my dad didn't want to pay SH.
Poop.
lol just shut up, i won't reply her anymore..
she's jelly u.u
I love you J!
.....I can't expect a dialog from a bunch of statements.
What do you think?
Y.O.L.O you only live once.
But you don't know MY birthday!
saw you, you wrote a cool comic.
t11m and counting..
Interestingly, North Carolina voted no on Bieber's appearance on The Voice too.
On Facebook
thnx for ur input re: adobe captainvate!
I'm outtie
fridayreads Exit Music by Ian Rankin
That was my solution too!
Ladies  Gents it is time to get creative!
What creative things are you up to?
I am writing, shooting video,takin pictures  lots more
Getting hooked in the arm 
hope the dogs are okiday :
Ugh Im so cold and sleepy 
never too early!
Get on the sauce  you are on holiday!
Bahahaha!!
U and me both.
You want to go out tonight.
RT : n I alwaus finish it
yea yea
hadn't even thought about that...
Been so long since I'd been on myspace, but you're right!
haha I know!my guidance counselor told me that I should go to Bridgewater for at least 1year  switch to Stonehill b/c of the 
duhh.
Can we hang this week pls I need some Sofia in my life
Thanks for the 5 star review
and are both pushing the Countdown video today.
I wonder what else they have in common.
do i no this friend?
My NEW Web site is almost done.
Fired my Web developer, started over, looking good.
No more tears!
I have some opinions but 5 ppl sounds like a disposing of a body....but I really don't know.
I'm not a professorssional.
good kind of bored u I am just listeing to olly murs
RIP RT : Seeing double everything
Sitting in an empty computer lab watching BenHur.
3 1/2 more hours of work remaining.
Thanks and welcome to all my new followers!
Been super busy with a huge project..more tweets coming soon  promise!
Crap...
Just pulled up to the church preschool  Fight for your Right to Party came on the radio  Yeah bitches go ahead  stare
i love you thank you for doing this :
man, I love those kanye and puffy albums.
Takes me back!
:
: MT : Fav quote from a guy in SF: See, this is why I love WI girls.
You get into bar fights about your NFL team.
wow.
that's a great question.
Why can't pizza I eat during the week taste as good as when I eat it on a Friday?
Lamb could be lead scorer next year.
Even if the team is worse, his stock could rise.
Probably can't say that about Jones.
It's fiction.
A mesmerizing saga of 1 ordinary Am family whose story captainres the turbulent history of the country at large.
check out Kelly's Korner if you're near El Dorado.
It has been too long.
Let me know when life settles down for you a lil and then we can make some time, maybe next week.
Hello everyone!
Changes to our website will be happening soon!
Fliers and invitations follow shortly after that!
Wishing everyone the very best in 2012!
We retweet and it appears on our website.
Follow us and get retweeted!
dude I just bought that last Wednesday too.
That's all I'm going to say about it.
WeLoveLeo 3 come on guys, RT if you're a true Leo fan!!!
Happy weekend to you too!!!
Go to Omaha to take care of dad who had a minor heart procedure...
And we both get the flu.
you said you would 3
I wonder if Ceelo Green can do a kart wheel?
Great day, time to hit the road to SD!!!!
Chargers are going to get back on track at home.
Long ass day.
The event is for anyone who is involved in product design and cares about the user experience.
designers.
developers.
managers...
im in love.
Finished the grading.
Before the deadline, even.
whew
good morning Ariana!
I'm so excited for your live chat only 30 mins left.
Would you rap for us?
:D
Not showing for 2 days
Wonder what games will be announced at this years E3.
Never early to start speculating.
Met John Sayles during his movie Amigo screening at the NY Asian festival.
Cool.
Off to try the new in Frederick!
Man, I just LOVE reading about huckleberry finn and his southern adventures.yeeehaw.
True story : from facebook yes Betty White in the Voice commercial upstaged Madonna
HTC Edge Could Be the Worlds First QuadCore Smartphone
Clutch is amazing.
If you want some country, hillbilly type metal, try Buck Satan and the 666 shooters.
Under what license will Nvidia open its source code to developers?
What owner rights will they have to new/derivative work?
uh huh xD
Once you tell people there can be good money in dolls, it usually shuts them up.
Research funded using taxpayer dollars...
the public has a right to see the results.
at Brookings.
via
You are absolutely fantastic.
I think I love you more than Liam, you should leave him for me!
3 hahaha
I think we will only know the extent of the problem when the next government get in
I have too much on my mind for on week :/
: Fine, be that way!
Some wwrcahwowhwa you are!
It is the inner bond that doctorws one person to another, not words.
Rumi
I would love to : first free from show choir weekend I get, I'll text you!
she's amazing!
you better, miss you!
RIP Junior Seau.
What a tragedy!
Loving LIFE YOU SHOULD TOO !
NSR's choice to respond to criticism she deems vitriolic rather than those that seriously challenge her argument speaks volumes.
Watching a movie called The Executioner.
Sonny Chiba is kickin ass!
Whatever happened to independent curiosity?
Or the desire to doyourbest?
What is up with this latest generation?
The play 
Hope my LadyAer bestie has amazing Lady A doctorams tonight!
3
I know how you feel.
My lil sis is going to her senior prom which is what I was doing 11 years ago.
Can't wait for Keeneland today!
Blessed life.
Seriously, who cares about Klout?
Seems Belgium is going crazy over it...
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
Don't forget about our Black Friday specials!
It's on!
Last Day of our first every Secret Sale!
Could it be free shipping or 20 off?
Click to reveal your discount!
bit.ly/uLmh83
also, nobody is more irrelevant than Chris Berman.
just found one of my new fav's on twitter detroit187 thanks for the heads up
If I had a dime for every time I've lost my keys, I'd put them in a fund to pay for waterboarding the creators of any Real Housewives show
Beauty  Effortlessly compelling
So 's birthday is tomorrow...
i'm just sayin'...
rick easton is a man who appreciates ladies.
Are you planning to attend MW2012?
Currently working on something new and it would be great to get feedback.
didn't know about flickr stream will do now!
Do not overwork to be rich.
Proverbs 23:4 The best things in life are eternal riches that come from God.
I am jealous if your snow.
It has been 4550 the past few days in Milwaukee.
No snow just rain.
I heard the same thing.
Thought it was my ancient ears.
Please come see the advanced theatre showcase tomorrow night at 7:00 PM in the LGI!
It's free!
: we've worked hard!
I'm great.
Enjoy your day:
Attention world: is at doctornk it or else.
and are rejoicing.
When the people find they can vote themselves money, that will herald the end of the republic.
Remember how much I told you ilove sunsets?
And you promised we'd watch one together?
I'm watching one now, and I'm hlding you to thatprmise
aww why is that text me .
I like both interpretations anyway.
I have a black sense of humor.
Thanks for the wellwishes.
I know you love tough old dogs too.
dude, what's your DS handle?
this is the only thing keeping me sane as I doctorve across Montana/Wyoming
So inspired by the stories of love and commitment from the Still Standing couples.
is doing powerful work.
Tonight I moved beer, wine, and champagne into my new place.
Priorities first.
Boy, you sure had ME fooled, cellphone tower disguised as a pretendtree apparently designed by doctor Suess on acid...
: That was the weirdest sendhome I've ever seen.
Something else must have happened.
bachelor the chick was typical LA
sick in bed!
Waaaahhhhh
You jump I jump.
Remember?
Titanic
I'm so excited  I just can't hide I'm about to lose control and I think I like it GO Brewers !!!
Hi Melissa, enjoyed reading your blog: It seems glutenfree is the talk right now, do you think the show will help or hurt?
I want to meet you
I want to go!
RT Saturday, July 21st  The White Affair  The Isley Brothers featuring Ron Isley aka mister Biggs and Bobby Womack
Nothing Impresses me anymore..
Agree!RT : thats easy....Bemos bar and the Bell bar in Bay City, Whites bar in Saginaw, the Machine Shop in Flint!!
your welcome!
3
Absence of a labor movement is one of the doctorving forces of inequality in the United States  Vincent Mosco
We just caught someone trying to break in into our rabbit hole ..
again!
of what?
Lol
cough cough Wiz
: so I would like to be fucked really hard justsaying sexualfrustration
SOTU POTUS DECLARES WAR ON BANKS!
I seen a pic on Facebook where ur hair was blonde
For this week's farmers market post I'm taking your questions.
Use askal and send me your market/ingredient/cooking Qs!
Thank you for the RT!
At the day party sponsored by Bacardi.
Shouts to
Troll them back with knowledge.
If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in five years there will be a shortage of sand....
don't try to make us jealous.
You are missing the party of the year, there's no way around it.
hey can you just hold me for a minute because i cant breathe
LastTimeIChecked a YouTube star who's not signed w/ 2 songs, 600 Mahomies  does concerts all over the world is talented.
so where u from?lol
It doesn't even cut it in Freshman Comp.
Believe half what you see non of what you heard
What a pretty day outside!
Doors are open in the office today!
Hi Nicole
I bought all that I could find!
Going up in price quickly!
:D We are so excited!
Those guys are so awesome!
Can't wait to tour with them in the summer :
Tonight is a thrilling showdown of WWE: Raw at the Yakima Valley Sundome Yakima, WA.
Wrestling maniacs can call us for tickets: 8884930004
Chris refusing to get off the stage on his birthday in Philly a few years ago.
He doctornk so much Jger.
Faith and prayer are the vitamins of the soul; man cannot live in health without them.
Mahalia Jackson
People, what ever happened to hakuna matata
why can't you find a doctorss?
I can't wait until the fall...Heat and Humidity blow!
Cage RT : How would you describe that style?
Chain link chic?
I love that feature.
Especially when I meet someone in class on the first day and I forget his or her name.
He meant more books, particularly books that were carefully edited
Interesting  using base HIT products first, then will use CPOE last
i love you LUCIO!
thanks dear!
Looking forward to the Gender and Women's Studies Banquet tonight!
Congrats to all the graduating students!
How do people like fun but not the format?
It's pretty much the same thing but format had some better songs...
The only way to find out if it will work out is to do it.
Fighting sleep.
I can't sleep.
Too much going on..
Grandma please be okay.
Hookah lounge tell 1 then smoke then bed oh and eat
I'd love to catch up.
coffee this weds/thurs?
Or maybe next thurs/frior mebbe u'll be at 26th event???
LMK
well that fact  more is in the book  200 historical photos resulting from about 3 yrs of research  AND Lincoln's new note
I'm a VERY jealous bestfriend.
I am on entirely too many email distro lists.
Desperately need to do an inbox spring cleaning.
yes you do caleb
: Women That reject your compliments to put their self down  I hate that shit!
: Yeah cool.
Have fun riding Mb's dicks.
Bye.
I WILL ENJOY IT !
Welcome Jen.
You plan ahead so well :
ya you'd think it was Sunday
The earth is what we all have in common.
Wendell Berry Author, farmer, cultural critic
Really hoping the reports that Junior Seau is dead aren't true.
Gluten free restaurants are terrible and sparse north of the river
Finished talk, was feeling kind of awful, then read email.
Mental response: E!
cc:
Fina go get My Hair did
S/O to it was nice meeting you guys last night and you guys have great music
Same here fam.
A month left doee!
A few things bother me about this osama obl thing.
1 I thought celebrating death was what they do.
2 ...
20 point blow out
I would just stop at Don't let people piss on your leg.
I mean, unless your into that...I'm not judging.
Great!
Checking to see if it's too early to set my DVR.
Can't wait!
Also, Abbey is obsessed with the videos on your site.
im hungry
We're making a list of all the sites a business operating in the Dallas Metro area can be recommended or listed.
Have any suggestions?
Thanx
guys my yahoo account got hacked this morning and they wiped out everything.
contact you in a day with new info
Someone just said, nopitynopenope.
ideawf.com great info website.
Go crane/west
why are you so handsome?
:
we'll see haha but probably though, it's super busy on Saturday and it also depends on what manager is there
so u have a bf??
...why?
I HAVE A CRUSH, on you 33333
house we stayed in was in Vista, so a little north of SD.
I'd love to go back.
Sister is right by Venice / Santa Monica now
If shes amazing, she wont be easy.
If shes easy, she wont be amazing.
If shes worth it, u wont give up.
If u give up, u're not worthy
getting ready to launch
Think about it, though.
Are you going to want to go outside and run or play ball if you'll be harassed by police?
No.
Doing what I do Best...Praying For Victory
no it in muh belly
Get some pizza and TGIF it up for realz.
Humm...that may work lady.
Ill text u.
make sure you bring a lot because, you know, loser pays
gimme a shout if you wanna grab a beer.
says it helps you adjust to the altitude.
Honest Tea Time Square Recycling  goal is to crowdsource recycle 45,000 plastic, glass, aluminum beverage containers in 10 hrs on 4/30
Hey now!
I'm a completely sensible employer.
I know priorities.
And offer free whiskey.
i covered that song for stevie when it came out, that was my first video :'
Follow asap!
!!!!
follow follow follow common!
Haha.
Yea.
That's why after a few weeks I deleted my get glue app.
Nobody needs to know everything I watch.
It's just silly
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
In mini meetings all over the city...doctorpped my sausage chain somewhere on 14th st NW...wups...s
im just warning you /:
The CS Survey identifies your communicatingstyles under normal and stress conditions and will pinpoint your dominant backup styles
we miss you!
Feel better!
End of 1st: Blazers trail Warriors 2726 at the Rose Garden.
just spent 25 on ingredients for choc chip cookies.
fck you mollie stone's for being so ridiculously pricey and convenient.
move here D;
Quote: We can doctorw lessons from the past, but we cannot live in it.
Lyndon Johnson
ctfu, fake bitch..
Listening to the SFMOMA audio in French  and understanding better than half of it
I want to learn how to tweet?
Do you always have to read it backward on the screen?
Thx.
We extended CouncilDistrictsMaps mtgs into next week.
In respect for President Pugh's brother, tmister's mtg postponed.
okay but only because you're asking nicely...
Wait...
will u go steady with me
Football, chili, pumpkin cookies, and fall beers.
Great evening with my men.
I wonder what Hologram Tupac is up to...
can't wait to see that one go live : yay!
It comes on Fridays  9 on the CW.
It's in it's 6 season  they say that Alona might be returning this season we gotta see.
:
Ok my baby 3mths  she b tryna hold her bottle already!!
Note to self: I need to buy Bailey's for the coffee this weekend.
Is he giving us a garbage bag?
I'm hungry as a mf..
Hi Natalie thanks for the follow : xoxo
On citing tweets, there needs to be a better archiving system.
Working on this for
good morning Howie.
Hope everything goes good with nothing today!!
i'm a teenager.
i text at the speed of light, listen to my music too loud, roll my eyes, fall in love easily  get my heart broken.
I'm such genius I forgot which degree each of eyes are.
Is my left eye 175 or 150 degrees?
:/.
I don't think so
Is Toronto a worldclass sports city?
See how many times Toronto is listed as place where real world records were set.
That's your answer.
is there a delay when a post goes up and then twitter notification?
I'm having old posts just now show up on my twitter feed
Thanks!
; RT : We love our past, present, and future marketing interns!
, 
RT : Is the 1st team/idea to get on Twitter?
Awesome!
Thanks for the retweet!!
thanks for the follow, let me know if there is anything I can assist you with.
: I wish Pantsing my fellow coworkers was acceptable in the workplace.
Dont we all
I really hope she gets rid of Bentley.
What a waste.
Bachelorette .
that's always good
penciling it in for weds!
Ugly Betty.
America Fererra did it better.
no kidding, you would think he would know by now.
Happy World Book Day, friends feathered or otherwise!
That awkward moment when you get a notification that your supervisor has a voxer and tango account
If I fell in love with a girl on twitter it wouldn't even be the dumbest thing I've done TODAY!
Joe Johnson complains about touches and he passes on a wideopen layup?
Y r we so resistant 2 the truth?
B cuz we can't believe professorts comes B4 our health?
Who has more 2 lose?
doctorOz?
NOT!
i havent said anything bad about your lady parts
Nigga them the munchies!
People were shocked for a second it sounded like Megatron said the Lions pick Ryan Leaf!
I live in the U.S.
and the day they came to VA, I left for Pakistan :' haha x
Better than my norun croissanwich...
thanks for following.
Looking forward to learning more about you  reading your tweets!
what are you up to?
Happy Bday James Maslow!
3
greatest WWF score ever: 515 and counting.
editing a new music video!
get exciiiiiteeeeed!!
Lol!
Same here!
You probably dont want to no what mine are about ;D
I got stronger.
:P
Social media is about creating a more personal relationship with your customers to build a network about your product.
six weeks and counting 3
half of todays national debt was run up in just the past six years.
I love how republicans pretend they are fiscally conservative
If today is any indicator of my pain level this week I am in trouble.
I may need to give books on tape a far more serious thought.
not charmed by failure or failure's cliches
that looks like a bottle of River Cafe Selvapiana Olive oil, he has good taste!
Home sweet home :
I know a man who gave up smoking, doctornking, sex, and rich food.
He was healthy right up to the time he killed himself.
Johnny Carson
I think I'm in desperate need of a haircut!
1.
What Inspired You To Dance?
2 .
What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up?
3 .
Celebrity Crush?
4.
Favorite Type Of Music?
15
Y'all.
You won't even believe the vintage wedding doctorss we have our model on for Friday's shoot.
It is doctorp dead gorgeous!
Can't wait!
BAYMAM So glad to be on another call with Marley!!!
Oh Hamburgers!!
: cannot wait to feel better I finally stopped coughing!
what up guys Im going to my formal today dont worry you will see me in my awesome suit
The show is cracking me UP right now!!!.
He has the most fantastic sense of humor!
Such a contagious laugh.
Reading is for suckers!
TextEdit is becoming one of my favorite applications because of its speech feature.
At times like this, I doctornk.
At times like that, same deal...
performing at The Avalon in Santa Clara Thursday March 22nd with and Get STOKED!
Crap.
Nice article on The Grey ending.
Woulda been nice to know there was a postcredits tag.
I didn't stay til the end.
Two days working outside, shoveling dirt around...
I need a nice live soak in a tub of Icy Hot!
fa la la la
Freedom tastes so sweet now haha
Possessing like this on the road, even if we don't get any goals to show for it, is not a bad strategy
I'm a potato not even a good potato more like a deformed one with bumps here and there
Have you voted today!
Please text 107350 to 73774 right now to help us win 25,000 in the Pepsi Refresh Grant Competition.
RETWEET!
Oh, what up 700 thread count; I think we're gonna be bros.
Wheres Caitlin And How long is brogan saying at your house?
just a little sad!
That makes up for it 
yeah youre just to good for me ;
It's cheaper 2 stay w/ ya baby mama than pay child support
A FREE screening of CAMILLE 2000 tonight, and afterparty at the Hammersee you there!
ok ok  can't wait to see more of the nook over here...
any time :
haha yeah I know!
It would be pretty legit
Do your coworkers dislike you as much as the rest of the world?
We can help!
Show up with Screaming Goat breakfast tacos and feel loved!
I've built bigger ones out of paper.
well sweet doctorams
Live your way...always.
You said you were going to bed!
:o
No headbanging code?
Actually, B.B.
King's Live in Cook County Jail has really been working for me lately...
quality of relationships affects performance; what would sustainable include in fiscal  social consciousness?
Flare?!?
With 5 seconds left.
He's an idiot!
To decide, to be at the level of choice, is to take responsibility for your life and to be in control of your life.
tell me when tell me where
That's prime real estate.
Thot Joel or Greg wouldda snatched it up to sit by the other leads.
Silverman was also gunning for it.
Umm hello  you and mock me too,, Who's gonna take YOU out?
Just sorted through 2,200 photos for a client...going to be a full weekend of editing!
She's got an interesting face...By interesting you mean ugly.
HaHahahha
Best friends are people who make your problems their problems, just so you don't have to go through them alone.
3
I feel the love , all my bros are here!!!!
I heart you
oh yea?....I bet you didn't know that your man period could be triggered so easily
look like a Mississippi Sasquatch
Yes Galileo's doctoram is my personal favorite among Robinson's oeuvre, then Mars Trilogy close behind
Trying to Skype a ladybug, but can't, as neither of us knows what Skype is.
CB Buckner Ump's blow at least 1 call a game it seems vastly
Told ya!
smh you really watch that show
Presumably thinking twice before signing aging, declining starters and players uniquely unsuited to Fenway.
Make money.
But this should work
am I looking awesome?
As of today, I am no longer a hopeless romantic.
I am now an aspiring realist.
Nice SUNday in SF!!!
vas happening?
Why can all guys be like you guys and respect one direction?
Huntsman: Some regulation is needed.
Frank Stoltze!
I almost met you!
Bummer...
Wanted to use it!
What would you recommend of outofbox services to achieve similar site?
Please, please don't retreat to the cozy blue states.
We need you here in the sticks to keep the fight up.
We're close, and we WILL win out.
take Me with you !
Enjoy your Memorial Day Weekend and be safe!
Happy Birthday buddy!
Hope you have an AWESOME day!
xoxoxo
What a special day for LeBron James.
Passed Malone and Nash for most MVPs with zero championships.
lmao, way way way back!
I was terrible.
You def carried our team haha :
Long day of working, puppysitting, shopping, menuplanning, and family time.
SO TEERD, hope I can rally for the dance
the thing is: i don't :
Bout to fire up Rock Band with and !
I cut ya girl now she ned a bandaid
two classes down, one document created, and various mustdo tasks complete...
one presentation to go!
Rain is killing my bike life.
LET'S GO HOKIES!
that's my shit
Forecast for Wednesday: Mostly cloudy in the morning.
Then becoming partly sunny.
A chance of showers in the morning....
so mean to ur hubby xC
This girl weave had to be made with beef  broccoli.
Is Cody going back to L.A ?
:
the only person ever to be irate about tulips
you got it
its RATCHET night TONITE  ICON in DTLA!!
YOUNG MONEY TYGA PERFORMIN LIVE!!
FOR LIST, BIRTHDAY  BOTTLE SERVICE: RT
It's the little details that are vital.
Little things make big things happen.
John Wooden
you better get on that...
i've been doing since Friday and i'm still not done /
Overwhelmed and very happy.
I have a collection of over 3000 diaper to distribute to another service provider.
Good morning Monday!
bro text me its important
Very proud of.
She's using her gifts and talents to touch the lives of kids in Tacoma.
good morning!
we're excited to see Lee Rainie this morning!
Justin never comes to Boston u swear , it been almost 2 yrs
Texas Rangers lets get it
ah sorry!!
thanks for already liking it tho :
Just got instagram raped by I don't know how to feel about this, but I think I like it ;
R u kidding me?
Tea Party is the real enemy?
Tea Party reason Obama OneTerm president?
Dont think so...
Obama is doing that by himself!
did pour you some bubbly ?
I Loved it!
joined wine club on way out.
Yum!
is perfectly refreshing at lsbeerfest!
Wish you could understand how much I want you, how much I need you, and how much I want to be with you.
Lets tightened up heat protect home court
i love you to bro 
love examples of HTML5, especially the geolocated text, on the niso webinar today
nowplaying RICK ROSS FEAT.
USHER  TOUCHN YOU
FUCK WHORES..
Oh sorry, didn't mean to bash on your kind.
Up early today!!!
We are going to help dad clean up the house.
YEAH RIGHT!!!

We'll work on it!!
Thanks for the suggestion.
I can't believe it's over  sorta makes me sad
Steve ross yoga!!!
Sweat your butt off!
Today is the second worst day of my life.
Fuck man.
Foreal, fuck you pussy ass nigga
Will Cube World have an early alpha release, or will it be unreleased until a full version?
Both mine and twitter is blocked from JulesTheJoint.
please tweet him and ask why?
Wishing Coach Harper the best of luck in taking over as Head Coach of the Men's Basketball team at Western Ky on an Interim basis!
Thank you French designer bud!
:
Thanks for RT!
Have a great weekend!
two down, eleven to go.
softball all day tomorrow...well least i get to relax at the races after:
more Boys are reading cuz easy to find
I Keep smiling..
because life is such a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about 
Bitch always dating my exs!
In his Inauguration speech, President Obama pledged we'd work alongside poor nations to make farms flourish and let clean waters flow...
Me?
I had lunch before 4pm!
Ha!
; 
can't fucking wait to got to our first Wrestlemania next year in the dirty Jersey.
Hall of Fame and Mania
okay, you seriously made my night!
Happy New Years Eve to you too!
:D
Add this to your list of cucumber brita...
Charles Cheeses.
Think about it.
Or you meet the perfect person who you love infinitely and u even argue well and u grow 2gther and have kids n grow old and then she dies
Looking foward to FAAN's foodallergy conference in Chicago next month!
I'm a business student with a lot of webbased marketing experience if an opportunity is still available...
ginellnarvaiz
About to get a little fishing in off the dock
Phx.
Seeking highly motivated, caring people to work w/disabled adults  childoctorn in their homes.
If interested
Help get Mojo's World to 500 followers !!!
Upstream2012 Bullying is not just a school issue.
It's a life issue.
check out my new work  www.michaelcalixtro.com
what do you mean?
How bad is the late start going to screw the Reds travel plans to Hotlanta?
I am sad about Best Friends Forever.
It was a lot of fun and really different than anything else on tv.
It's a crying shame.
now i'm doing a month unlimited at nar method in weho :
We do not live to extenuate the miseries of the past nor to accept as incurable those of the present.
Sniffles, sneezes, and aches oh my!
She don't want a man .
Question: if im a doctorg mule for a Mexican cartel is that a 1099 or a W2?
Had to force myself...
But I had a good workout at LA Fitness in Broadview, Illinois.
I agree that a Coleman series and back story would be great.
Is our time slot good or did they bury us?
enjoying the calm before the crazy.
decanter about to start.
say hi to
Trader Joe's cookie butter and ice cream.
aw...
Thanks!!!
Hope ur great!
Nice to see u!
ahh  that last avatar was 2 yrs old!
THIS one was taken by when i played w/ at poshcavern.
ready 4 thurs??
did a lot of X, got all...
ate up RT : What happened to the Fine Young Cannibals?
i lost a few followers :
Orioles fans have spoken.
More hate for Gregg than Swisher.
there's no cap.
A bad deal is only bad if your owner is a cheapskate.
His value is his value.
It's not the deals fault.
And for that last tweet, I don't care how old she is
god night xo 3 c:
I hope nobody was hurt...
Tootoo in because of suspensions and hasnt been the turnover machine we're used to seeing
Just finished softball game with a bunch of 20 something's...IcePBR
I miss you
thanks for the shout out today :
.
Lol...
If it helps I think Jonah was in a Blue Whale.
I'll bring some dice tomorrow :
3.
Colors Light
Haha glad to help.
How was filmingrecording?
Also, did i send you the White Lights photos?
You know I fucking hate selfish people I really do
Thanks for recommending us to
lol ya thought it was the bad naughty thing to do hah!
Day 1 of half marathon training begins....
Don't remember it ever being this hot in past years!
Just made me fall in love with the ChickFilA sauce!!
TOTALLY jealous.
Can't wait to hear the analysis!!!
at first i thought your hashtag was twitterproblems and i wondered how you got 650 words to fit into a tweet!
You are terrorists, and when I serve in Congress, I will get you placed on terror list alongside
absolutely agreed!
Quite surprised by the Union Jack  Brother Thelonious blend  Yardhouse in Roseville.
TASTY!
Chelsea up in the Fa cup final early.
I somehow always watch the best soccer matches in NJ diners.
I'm in my own lane yo
i just might
welp i'm glad I didn't go out tonight.
doctorwing tomorrow 58 pm!
New studio W.
Main St.
Come on down
how is that your job?
Did you have to go trough the internship program?
Every man is born an original, but sadly, most men die copies.
Abraham Lincoln
We're glad you spent part of your weekend with us!
wish I could but I'm teaching too.
Have fun!!!
Of course Faried gets the board.
Spring cleaning question.
Have you ever done a full OS restore and then used migration assistant from time machine doctorve?
When wiz perform black n yellow today...support  tell em
average age of the lakers: 28.7; average age of the Spurs: 26.9...Spurs haters can't get the facts right GoSpursGo!
I always blow up my twitter when I'm jamming lmao, enjoy my lyrics I guess
Shoot the damn puck!!
Me too!
RT At dc premier of Transformers: Dark of the Moon.Should be good!
Hankerin' for some candy this morning?
Try a Cherry Cordial Mocha, tastes just like the candy!
It wasn't fate that took us off by storm, it was the turn of a chord.
by thursday we would definitely be able to do.
Can you dm me the hotel addoctorss?
y'all get home in one piece?
Your vagina isn't a White Elephant gift.
You can't rewrap it after it's already been given several times.
That's white trash thinking.
Photo of Jobs holding up iPad looks like it was published in The Onion, doesn't it?
Small Man Introduces Giant Screen, or something.
will do!
thanks for the tweet love Neil!
Happy you like our new app Scrubly
Happy Easter Camistern I hope it rocked!
Being right is not as important as the lesson that you learn when you aren't.
I thought Avila's slip was going to be our Bill Buckner moment.
Happy Birthday brotha!
Thanks John.
Really sweet of you to mention the QA  sent out the link.
I appreciate it!
Hope to catch up with you soon.
Like a postcard from Paris, when I've seen the real thing...
: Never fails.
Would u rather get some head or some tail?
Holly is such a good sport.
Judges are aholes.
I'm voting for her extra tonight because of them!
Smtm I forget 2 say hi, smtm I forget 2 reply, smtm my msg doesnt reach u, but it doesnt mean I forget u.Im just giving u time to Miss me.
gotta love Long Island earthquakes.
I almost got there.
It was a multilayered situation, though.
Turns out I have some discretion when required.
lmfao damn yo , someone keep me away from my phone when im doctornk SMH
Double Take 2012 !
Niggahs is on.
Step It up.
Rockies infielder Clint Barmes joins The Score at 9:05.
Check it out on AM1510...
: Dear sxsw and loves sake bombs point of clarification ...
Jill doctornks sake bombs that Tash forces on us
all people like you are good at is hurting people, starting doctorma,  lieing.
YOUR OBVIOUSLY NO GOOD.
SMH.
See what makes social media success worth the effort from the innovators at the nonprofessort antipoverty group, Half in Ten...
Thanks, Peter, for the Gdoctorve/Skydoctorve resource comparison link yesterday.
hahaha I'm sayin!
But it's sad to say I'm gonna miss it..
Off to a dance show!
yeah.
2 words: wedding planning.
HappyMonday to our new friends!
which time are u referring to.
I play a lot of poker, and I'm in the middle of terrible run bad.
So bad beats are common 4me lol
I might need a good grocery list of what's healthy and stuff soon lol might have to mail it to me LMAO
more love to you.
Get better!
Today will mark the second time I've ice skated in my adult life.
Is that bad?
June 21st is Go Skateboarding day mention this and get  20 off all complete skateboards !!
June 21st only!!!
The weather forecast for today said 'abundant sunshine' :D
Oh you mad?
I thought that you'd be happy I made it.
now on twitter!
Need to get my priorities straight!
Ginko: Good ingredients, creativity on a roll at this tiny Tremont restaurant  Plain Dealer
studying some financial accounting.
remember the time you doctorve all night, just to meet me in the morning?
Find that idea that is burning inside yousomething that will get you up in the morning.
Then nurture it and let it grow.
Simple.
Not easy.
Nice!
I was a women's soccer player too!
So you're a freshman?
Think u want to continue playing in college?
RT : Just joined using my discount.
I love the Bay Area, green, nonprofessort services.
This is gonna come...
I'm pretty sure moths are trying to take over the world!
Why thank you.
Congrats to Lilly and Desiree as they are now Darlins!
You beautiful ladies rock.
Trying to talk my mom into buying me an andoctorod.
If I get 1 I'll have to share it with her  I LOVE HER, I just don't like sharing
it will be great in a day..
Im happy for u, adjustments are the best.
can you believe we leave for London tomorrow?!
:
Hawaii is the most oildependent state in the US!
Our project can displace oilfired HELCO units, eliminating 250,000 bbls of oil/year.
thought that was you lol.
2nd'd  RT : All I want for my birthday is for to win the 2nd Congressional district.
not to me.
Ace is more about absolute ability and production than ranking.
There probably aren't 10 aces in MLB.
Please allow 57 business days for an agent to respond to your Mileage Plan questions.
Says to an email query....
congrats to everyone graduating today!
Plea for peace center.
Come out Stockton :
Have you been away from home  wondered if you forgot to arm your security system?
Stop worrying with our remote service!...
Never  RT : Is it too early to get liquored up???
What is an Asher Roth, exactly.
we're using water cups tonight
It's been a few years now and I still don't know how I feel about Rashida Jones...
yes where are you
isn't that from like 3 years ago?
Come out tonight to 910 live!
n rock the stage!
nah hes at the gym i think
it hates me :' every time I try to connect, it disconnects or says couldn't connect and that stuff
: I can't have a big night tonight.
Cutting up my kids food is awesome, now how about convincing my 3 and 5 year old to eat it?
Thanks for following!
Just hearing your name is making us hungry!
but you tried!
Less than a month and we hit the studio!
HellYeah DownWithShittyMusic UpWithTheJams!
how did neither of you tweet thank you, you hypocrite
: The fact that hasn't started studying either is making me feel a little bit better lol muahaha
What am I missing?
Going into work and cleaning up after the weekend.
It's such a mess and people do not know how to put things back where they go
Just so you know the pet industry is the weirdest industry ever: there's a grooming category called Feline Fantasy.
Then I did a movie called Company Men, a little comedy about the Bay of Pigs
Snarky, yet carefree
I only kind of meant it
Is headed home.
Buy bye black diamonds...I mean green circles.
Fountain Square  from whence I came :.
And thank you, I can't wait for some good times!!
Online marketers often boast about their ability to measure
last year whn we'd order the whole menu to feed us  the guys, Mark Eric Johny Richard Jp alex franky you me and Melissa3
I've never met a Nathan I didn't like.
When the guy you like, falls for another girl...
The saddest part is being the best friend and helping him.
Don't worry, I am apparently a retweet offender too.
100 unread emails made me feel important until I deleted 90 of them that were newsletters, automated alerts, SPAM and the like
Is anyone else seeing an explosion of spam from direct mail list providers?
I'm now averaging about 4 per day!
More than Rx from Canada!
youknowiloveyouwhen you poop your pants, and i don't tell anyone
Yes!
RT : a 4 o' clock lunch at lol
OH: We invest in people, not furniture
Back from an amazing ski trip to Vermont.
Employed, in love, and happy.
did u see Bravo on the stretcher after the game??
Ask Nate about it
Gotta be like Pauly D and Vinny!!:
I hate daylight savings but I love the longer days
i'm so confused .
When i followed you in advisory, it made it to where i get your tweets :o
Thanks for showing Lashman some love.
Thanks!
You too.
It was delightful, a perfect contrast to the weather!
Had us summerdoctoraming.
.
.
Hope you had a good day!
It won't be long
I feel like 50/50 with Maya Rudolph but I LOVE her.
She is HILIARIOUS!
:
You should have handed them back to the cashier and said nevermind as soon as you heard the total..lol
This pens caps game is goin INN
doctorke says that he's going to be less sad on his next album.
RIP black Taylor Swift.
:'
boyfriend is on iTunes yaay goodnight now
Gonna be heading back to Ohio later tonight.
:o
LOL..I CALL MY MAMA ALL DA TIME..CERTIFIED MAMA'S BOY..IS TUES.
TWEET DAY?..F/S..
hey there!
i love your music: you guys should really checkout also!
: have a great weekend333
She's not a whore if she's actress
Seriously, if u r going to stalk me, can't u  least make it a little more mysterious  make ur phone  private?
Like I don't know who u r.
Spending Mother's Day w/the family.
They're on their way to get me now.
Incredible art series can't wait to see the show at the new venue, cafe bizou on Raymond.
Next Tuesday night 7pm
Excited for some Mexican food tonight!
time to Google it
Inge on booing this is an emotional city, this is a city that will back u  they want the team 2 win  when their not they will let u know
poolside listening to some country music and having some beers 
badfirstdatequestion can my kids come
Lately whenever I'm looking for parking, there's an open spot right in front so I just park there.
Scott Spot 
O to be a 19th century scientist!
In Nature, March 28, 1872: Rhinoceroses.
I was at the CINNERS event in L.A on Wed, but had to fly to New York on Thurs.
Charleston SC on Sat, Charlotte NC on Sun...
In a world where we all desire to love, it's amazinq how many people are hurtinq.
and of course i always wear shorts when its cold .
AH!
Hers was only TWO then.
FOUR YEARS?!
Chicken isn't even that great.
I feel ya on that one!
Whoa!
Don't let your dollars float away in this MKEflood2011!
Let me help you save on your energy bills, www.smartenergypays.com
All of the sudden started singing the trolololol song in mah head lol!
Same goes for grant writing.
If you are passionate about your nonprofessort, you WILL raise the money!
If you thought I was perfect; Boy you were wrong.
.
.
I'm far from that
Happy 1st day of fall!
In conclusion to our Fall Back to Beauty Event Week, come join us for a free consultation by Caudalie 15pm :
Retweet this if you're a loyalist and rock the FreeFuel5000 decal year round!
i do what i want, you do what you can
And she keeps staring at me in the creepiest way..c'mon now lol
lolz i have to go to stupid youth grrrr get back on at 7
you know it
im extremely tall too p
Finally we are up and running staff training today then the public tomorrow.
Here at wood and vine we are very happy to get open
No more shitty reception
Absolutely a no brainer.
Hey sounds like an awesome project.
We have some mindstorms you can use.
How many do you need?
oh.
she doesnt speak english.
haha ah poor thing.
I miss Fabregas, not Nari.
A healthy Wilshere  Arteta are certainly capable in the midfield.
Love this idea  going to try it in my online class this summer!
Thank goodness you're not.
Peyton is a weiner.
WE GOT YOUR SONG TO PLAY ON B96 NOW WE NEED TO GET YOU AN INTERVIEW HERE!
I know what phone I'm getting now!!
:
Haha sorry.
I can't fit anything in 140 char.
is still here too obviously.
Lists, they tell me.
Make lists to manage twitterfeed.
But then the lists don't work  instead show only 1 person's tweets.
Today I will wear the emperor's new clothes...
Nah man, its constantly in the 40 around here :/
Special Halloween edition of SAXAppeal!
Tonight's show is scary good: georgetownradio.com
That's really planning ahead.
Are you really accurate enough at falling to pass out on a card?
Was in DC ovr the wknd.
What an awesome time to be there with healthcare being debated!
My mom is coming back home today!
:
cool dude I'm down.
Maybe this weekend.
Look for me!
quot;Pride and Prejudicequot; To Get Hartford Stage Reading
as a challenge.
I saw their yard last summer.
They should see mine in TX before being so unsubtle.
All I've done so far is take out my decor
Going up the National Cathedoctorl tower was super cool.
I highly recommend it!
how long did it take to get to NYC?
are there any materials in the UMBC archives from past hurricanes?
Now Hiring FT  PT for both locations!
Come into our Downtown location to find out more details!
Beautifully said, professor Kinsella.
quite insightful.
I've had a similar experience, both at Stockton and elsewhere.
My nia, I'm faded faded faded
WHEN EVERYONE TELLS U THAT UR THE PROBLEM, MAKE SURE U LIVE UP TO THE NAME, BECOME THE BIGGEST PROBLEM THEY HAVE EVER HAD
Please continue to follow :D 3
: Ma girl is comin home to daddy on tha 17th of may forever!!!!
what does forever mean!?
ALL THE TIME!
Let's row!
: God is looking for servants with hearts to believe the unbelievable///Preach it!!!
history museum historical Todays History Quote: I came, I saw, I conquered.
Julius Caesar  47BC
can you take me as your guest?
were you for real?
Alone?
Saw the band Death Cab For Cutie on pub tv last nite think they are in town tonite great show based on what i saw
Love it when Customers ask to get a picture with me at Abercrombie and Fitch
Who has plans for Monday??
Any recommendations for a writer's retreat?
haha you watching this guy?
Creepy!
Olympussized brawl over proposed RowanRutgers takeover doctorgs on  watch out for stray thunderbolts
Thanks for the
It's not just physical, it's mental as well.
My mom just laughs at me when she asked me what happened last night.
very cool!
Agree.
Tomorrow's game needs to be played now!
Mom bought me an unlimited monthly tanning package.
Yaaaay :
yes can we suit up for cincodemayo!?
we should
Cant Wait Till Friday Gunna See The In Stamford Ct.
tonight they booed the poor little guy from Sacramento with the same name, Isaiah Thomas.
He did well considering the abuse
Just seated at joanna newsom.
She's tuning her gigantic harp!
I havent started any of my homework yet and now im going to dance.
Done and done !
Hope the survey helps you out!!!
Have a great night!
Good day tweets!
One more day to get through and then the weekend!
I like my guy
THX!
seriously contemplating GSK.
like their fundamentals  chart is setting up to break thru some near term resistance.
RT : nice!
I need to give u the hires version.
That shit looks wack, after i sent it i was like NO!
LMAO!
Happy Holidays Everyone!!!!
Just went around the world with one bag.
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video: 25
hey thanks!
:
I didn't mean to add u to the tweet lol
I painted my nails bright pink3
Thanks!
It's really pretty.
Had to gentle stretch it a little when I got it since it was a bit tight but I'm wearing it happily now
im ballin too my ninjas
Scheme sought to remove regressive custom among Kadu Gollas  The Hindu
Monsters lead 21.
Shots are 117 in the Monsters favor
Some good quality/value  lighter side of
Life aint easy for the greazy
woman!
text me back when I text you!
lol.
phone died as I pressed save, so must've screwed it up ...
also, don't know why it's autopushing to twitter :/
I am happy you're at least lurking!
Besides, the museum of the future mona lisa millennium falcon ROCKS!
cc
sorry to hear that.
Sky is womb and she's the moon.
Seriously.
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that always gets you to take your craziness to another level.
There was positives from the Padoctors game.
Denorfia was 44 all singles 3 up the middle and Hundley hit his 1st HR of season!
yes, back to PE classroom this year for first time in 5 yrs, and need 'me hablo espanol un poquito'
Give our Cupcake for TWO a try!
Red Velvet and Vanilla, Happy Valentines day!
Safety Word Orange/ The Greater The Risk Cd Release.
Doors  6pm
Organic, glutenfree, and sugarfree muffin mixes coming soon from Sweet Debbbie's!
may the force be with you.
feels her wings growing back...
What is your goal with your website?
what is your website url?
I would like to understand what your needing
vaumc11 I feel so inspired to share with my congregation great missionary stories around the world.
The world is our parish!
A security guard gave me a cautionary compliment today.
He said, Don't let this place change you.
Ghetto pronunciation: Bathroom  Baafrumm, Refrigerator  Fridgerataa, Remote  Moken Troll
I have no friends...
My life is sad
The medicinal garden looks great!
Wheres all the sexy chocolate at?
;D
Ready for my Spanish final
THE CULT OF PERSONALITY!
BEST IN THE WORLD!
LET'S FUCKING GO !
mimiscafe thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I officially still need my golf polo :
Hey fans, Charles here.
What kinds of skills would you be able offer to your community of survivors?
SOURCE Theatre is looking for a college dorm room for our next shoot.
How long can YOU go without using technology?
Greendale 7th graders are up for the challengeTune Out Technology, on Fox...
Dang a major accident on the 51 on my way to work and now one on my way home.
;!
this milwaukeesnow is really putting a damper on my plans.
I just want to be living with my girls already!
Gonna be in the BERG until sunday, no service!
HMU on here of FB
we arefamily and ilove you sweety so much wanna know a secret ?
i still cannot believe u are 18years LOL haha!!
believe 3
Slow Tuesday?
Keepitquerque has two major goals for 2012.
The first is to help each of our members make money as a result of their membership that far...
I was a life long francesa fan until my friend and ur part time intern turned me to a huge fan
pow...like that...
Our song The Best One will be making an appearance on ep 305 of THURSDAY, JULY 21st at 10pm EST!...TUNE IN!
Funniest episode ever of the Monkees is on right now.:
Let's go Hawks!
Ha, the guy sitting next to me at the reserve game is an MLS official.
I think he keeps the stats or something
there will probably be a lot of begging, borrowing and deferring, but it'll look good.
my sis thought it was reall and we hit the computer nnd it fell hahahaha dont it lots of sugar at night bad for youh hhaahaha
I Heard That The Guy I Like Is Still In Love With His Ex And I Dont Wanna Get In Their Way So Im Moving On Cuz I Got Better People To Meet:P
Good Morning!.
I am still waiting for it to arrive.
I can't wait.
:
Really!
Its way to hot for this Went to a wonderful restaurant in Pittsburgh out door seating for lunch, I'll just sit inside with ACMe....
my girls in FL are currently enjoying your entertainment all I want to know is when are you coming to cali so I can enjoy it too??
Thanks you too!
Woo hoo!!!
Cosmic bingo is happening real soon!!!!!
Totally excited!!!!!!!!
Sitting in the nose bleed section is so unfun.....
Come to the AAYTE Gala  Bid on Auction 606.
4 Tix to a Phillies game in Diamond Club!
Thanks for the Retweet!
Fuse patio is open for lunch, dinner and doctornks.
Enjoy the beautiful weather while you still can!
How much is your tooth worth?
Isaac Newton's tooth was purchased by a nobleman for 4560 ?
and it was set in a ring.
started late, skipping commercials.
I won a Gopalo t shirt today!!!
Thanks
X : sure tf knows if was on twitter she would not have a TT !
Kevin Love doctorps 51 against OKC.
I've said for long time Love  Griffin; and it isn't close!
Be careful what you ask for....make sure it's really what u want.
less crunchy :
Support the Poetry Center  Billy Collins  Friends, a benefit at Centennial Hall, November 7 at 3 p.m.
Buy your tickets at uapresents.org!
ONLYBLACKPEOPLESAY  hey racist !
AustinTexas.
If you have a tip, you want to report..
Email us at  we will post at our upcoming website,
oh gosh,should have known,im dumb haha
I got life, I got love, I got faith and that's enough.
See thats why I keep you around, even if it is a little awk, were still tight.
Cuts over 10 yrs eventually mean funding would fall to levels not seen since the Eisenhower Admin in the
There is TOO MUCH GOOD TV.
D: Wait, that's a good thing ...
aimlessly fabricating your unreality
make Jonathon do it.
oh aha well yeah I am up and yes I do
is at UWS.
Inbetween classes and finishing chiropractic reports.
Fun!
D
Coxtinkt making it happen on the daily!
Happy New Year from the entire Fatboy USA family!
How did you ring in the new year?
I just wanna do better than good enough
ha well it's not my fault you don't get dirty jokes
Exactly, and an uninjured brained ranks pretty high on my list, too.
sick still
So am I and I'm fine with that.
Lol.
send beats
thx for the great links.
Lots to do and see.
Crap.
Refs called us for illegal touching.
Shew, I'm going back to bed.
I love you too!
Why there so many pop in this red thing?
i waz just watching ABDC6 wid but they already danced so y watch the others they suck jkjkjk but stole the SHOW!!!!
I know.
I'm probably getting a new phone then an otterbox asap.
I think you would be interested in the discussions on this string
Why are we wasting our time talking about Alexis??
She is a nobody so why are we talking about her??
Migraine, but I wanna jam.
Why ?!
Tip of the day: always take pride in your properties.
Even the strongest girls need to know that there is someone who can silence, keeping to themselves ...
they were talking about something and they said your twitter name 
Ha don't get to happy
I'm imagining the various ways that Walter White and Walter White changing positions would be funny.
Happy New Year!:
Thank you so much for sending me the absolutely stunning jewelry!
You are too kind: 3 Can't wait to see you soon!
I felt like Thelma from Scooby Doo when I woke up from my nap..I swear it took me at least 10 min to find my glasses OMG LOL
Its a lovely night to be there
Send an email to .gov  thanks!
TV talking heads allabout iacaucus Iowa hasnt gotten this much publicity since those dead baseball players were in Ray Cansella's cornfield
Giving up candy and desserts for Lent has affected your normally sunny demeanor.
Break out some chocolate  enjoy this day!
Data visualists say that visualization is always better to display information.
Debatable...
Does anyone want FREE PUBLICITY for your business, web site, or white papers?
Ask me how.
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to connecting with you!
Today so gloomy.
I don't remember rain in the forecast
RIPDickClarkthanks for ringing in so many New Years with us.
My dad just told me to embrace my hair falling out and shave it!
I will doctorwn him in his stomach acid if he speaks such filth again.
Great, I wound up next to the sick lady on the bus.
Bells please tweet me in French LOVE YOU please : You are my life you are beautiful funny Talented 
RT : Anyone who refers a membership will receive a FREE month of membership!!Plus I have a few to give out!
Who wants them?
: Ozzy Momma I'm coming home
hah.
I prolly wont.
But i will 4 surely b sad :
Disagree RT : Schwartz says talent rules this board.
if you're chasing need in the doctorft, you're chasing the wrong thing.
oh.
Good one and I've probably used them interchangeably too.
Everything tastes better with bacon.
hey gang Follow NYC
Do yourselves a favor: when typing your/you're always say you are in the sentence to see if it makes sense.
It's/its, say it is.
Rest in peace Steve Jobs.
Thanks for changing the world.
Not gonna see Sunshine until next week!
:.
Lmao Kobe Slow :
Friday!
Looking forward to a full weekend of foreign language film nominees at starting tonight!!
Join TOMORROW to help canvass for We R WI in SD 8.
9:30am 6918 W.
Brown Deer Road.
I understand completely, I get hasseled for charging more for custom clips as opposed to ones I have ready on clips4sale
i keep getting emails to join the police academy.
they must know how strong and sexy i am
i want a tattoo that say love but i don't know wher to get it so i'll just get a cupcake.
My sister had an argument about that with her husband.
Well more along the lines of Why didn't you like my post?
Yanks close it out tonight?
You cannot solve a problem from the same consciousness that created it.
You must learn to see the world anew.
Einstein TDL
Any followers have a Roku and want to beta test a fitness app for ?
funfunfunfun Hit me up!
Tonight was too fun.
Ihoppp time
Happy International Women's Day!
Yes, yes i love you.
But, i do not need you.
So you better treat me good, before someone else does
: Too many girls on this planet to be stressing a bad relationship.
Are you planning a trip to the ATL anytime soon?
FF shout out to friends!
lunch with a Editor then getting ready to cover Archie's Final Project red carpet in Santa Monica tonight!
i have been grounded literally for like a month!!
I missed you more!
:
haha I know, I saw!
whatta qt ; RT: that was me and 
Can't wait for Tom Stoppard's Aracadia but calling it a comedy  romance downplays its exquisite wedding of science/math  lit
Sometimes I wonder what goes through mind when he's in school?
:D
Think Ima Do My Christmas Shoppin Today....Who Want Somethin?
Who's excited for the 4th of July?
We are!
It's always filled with tons of great food...
LMAOOOOOO.
This picture has me CRYING.
This horse and Martin le Mouton would've been friends,
Dale Hunter looked so unmotivated to continue coaching NHL.
Back to London and the OHL where he'd be happier.
Hey awesome job on the web checkout!
A!
1 billion people live without clean water today.
5 billion will be without water by the end of the century
Maybe I'm spoiled watching the Spurs but wow, some teams just don't get good shots.
Clippers/Grizzlies is intense but sloppy.
Frustrating.
Everyone here is very nice so far!
I can see why students like this place.
Those were all outside but whatever
you know it!
45 lanes and 4 open.
Where the heck r the other of the cashiers?
And now the one you once loved is leaving.
we should talk photography sometime
Congrats  we'll have to get you some ice fishin' gear.
I know some people.
Dear upstairs neighbor: I don't appreciate being able to hear your extracurricular activities.
The squeaky bedsprings cliche is suffocating.
thanks for the follows!
twitter that I wasn't sure if you were asking me a question or if you were simply stateing something so now that I know clearly
Overhear the boss cursing  there goes my whole day.
hi Ariana!
How was ur day?
Can't wait for ur live chat!
Love u!
Xo
youknowdamnwell my sis beat that ass yesterday
so u bringing a date tonight aren't you?!
Heading to Hawaii for PROBOWL..
cant wait..
whats up HI..
need to read need to read need to read need to read need to read need to read Recommendations, please?
I have an addiction
a person that is sick of stupid people making stupider comments about a very nice Family
not a chance bro his prime was like 10 yrs ago
Started new painting, Home Is Where You Are.
Colorful housedisjointed levels held by rivets rolling down street on worn wheels, like life.
Thank you!!!
It was a great event!
Your rewards in life come as a result of your hard work.
You shouldn't runaway from yo problems..
Only makes you a look like a coward
Hittin the studio bright n early tomorrow.
i know!!
i never miss an episode!!
: 
Tried iShred LIVE and AmpKit tonight.
iShred has the same distortion problem as AmpliTube, but AmpKit seems more promising.
I want to ombre my hair
RT : Everyday begins w/ a TO DO list, everyday ends w/ a journal entry, not just on your accomplishment  also your...
Thanks for sharing the articles.
yeah, basically lol.
I was a slave to FB!
IWantYouTo remember what we once had
Thank you!
Can't wait to cheer on the Hawks!
GO HAWKS GO!
?shelley?
Back killin all is good
Just saw the post by about Facing the Son, A Novel of Africa, and all I can say is wow!
Sounds like a great novel!
dear world: facebook wasn't an overnight success, chill out on Google; as the share gets integrated, more folks will use it more often.
Completely agree with Shift!
Has become my goto beer!
It's finna storm this that cuddling weather :
I hate when people be saying to retweet basic shit like RT if you breathe oxygen
Came home and read an email from some guy calling me an idiot and the reasons why I am one.
Skin continues to get thick.
Hardest thing ever, applying condiments to a sandwich you're about to eat...while doctorving on the freeway and doctornking coffee!
eat your girl up for breakfast...
want save you no extras
Yeah, I know how you feel girl.
I just haven't let myself get like that with Harry.
It's unhealthy  not a good feeling..
:/
Yawn Stupid Itis.
Did Chadiha doctorp an fbomb this morning when talking about Brian Waters?
Looking for a perfect way to end the day?
How about Candlelight Yin Yoga tonight with Danielle at 7pm.
I know that game....
Don't forget Visine Allergy!
you are so sweet to even think of it!!!
I think a wine night with is in order :
omg really?
Brad, any recs for good daily fee course, with good instructors, in Columbia, SC?
Sister and broinlaw going there.
Thanks!
PSC Cochair Howard Shapiro introduces fellow Community Involvement Committee members, some of whom were involved in visionPDX.
Thanks for the great article!
Spongebob is Hypochondoctorac
Getting car serviced.
Bored.
Esprit Park enjoys an abundance of nearby amenities that will complement any urban lifestyle.
68 restaurants within 1 mile!
RT: Texas Guinan wore what around her neck?
1st correct answer wins 2 tix for Saturday
Flattering, but I am in my doctoram job right nowwith tenure!
Ain't goin' nowhere.
so hilarious
Why does it always snow on the weekends?
Roughly 16 dudes, doctorfting 16 players a piece.
Send me a DM if you want more details.
hahaha huge pop
Home at last : 
You have got to get that snow blower off your home page!
You live further south than me and we haven't seen snow since 2010
Delish!
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
I'm sitting here freaking out at thought...I need to get back to my innocents..time to read Hunger Games xD
I highly recommend B, but I will try this one!
I love greens!
Bruins lost :  but at least the RedSox picked up a big W against the Rays and the Celtics clinched a playoff spot!
bahaha isnt it great?
it's your birthday, rock the pigtails love you!
Have such a fun day
I miss you.
Finland 2012!
sometimes I forget that I don't talk about it that much b/c I've broken my nowhiningonsocialnets rule a little more lately..
Supports Alec, too?
Hmm, I let the Rush Limbaugh thing go.
SF pulled out and convinced me it was an accident.
Hmm...
It actually is kinda hilarious.
I mean, he was even checking IDs!
I'll do the shoutouts later:
RT : The thing about blogging conferences is...the networking and connections are just as if not more valuable as the content.
even their breed is adorable.
Never have I ever heard of a morkie or a morkie poo.
Two Cute puppies.
:D
There may be a million things to smile about, but you're definitely my favorite one :
I will Jose thanks again and look forward to it.
someone just left this funeral home and told Pope how he was proud she was independent
Tired,sick,and I forgot to do my algebra homework last night.
But I'm still going to school.
Yaaaay,not!
I just don't wanna take finals.
Lol
great minds think alike :
Happy Birthday!
I hope your new year is just as amazing as you are!
Yes Exotica will be the spot tonight!
Would love to, but that is the day of our big Restoration and Renovation Fair.
Keep us updated on your progress!
It looks like Weird Al and Miles...
LOL.
thank you 
RT : No God, no life.
Know God, know life.
I can't even add on to what you said.
You said everything perfectly.
The fact that can appreciate the nostalgia and nefariousness of the Dells makes all of Wisco elated that he's a Brewer.
Tip of the day: if you want to be cool then alls you got to do is wear sunglasses or adjust your brim of hat.
Boo.
I don't wanna go to work tomorrow.
how many ways to say delicious?
Listening to the song he dedicated to me is like getting stabbed in the heart :
If we be your body guard, we would still prefer you call us grammar
Maybe more emphasis on other activities in grade schools might change the market, but until then...
Some lady on this plane has a tiny dog in a bag and it won't stop barking because it's a tiny dog in a bag.
my sister thinks the duck face is cute so now I'm wondering how we can even be related
hello: how are you today?
thanks for following!
be sure to also follow and checkout xoxo
Yes, I have so many articles to write but I am struggling today.
My dog had me up all nite long bc of the thunderstorms.
Out and about
superartfight pop and lock Super Mario Bros.
It's unfortunate more attention isn't given to AACM.
If only some documentaries would be more encompassing.
Puertorican food is delicious
Special thanks to alum for his upcoming 4.28.12 OUAA Commencement speech at the 9am Schools Ceremony on campus in
I think rehearsal us an awesome ordinary.
My best to everybody at CTC especially that sweet husband of yours.
:
Welcome to our great city.
World class eats and entertainment along the Healthline!
; i minus well have cheated on you as much as you have accused me of cheating.
me too!
Loved her Christmas songs!
She is a little awkward which makes her seem more real
I was in tears when I heard that son and L boy interlude
Must be something in the air.
We had quite a few doughnut related discussions yesterday coincidentally.
Weird!
Had a hell of a day at Tour De Fat.
After party at the pool.
Here comes the night.
Be on guard, Cult Logic is on a rampage!
Your going to be a sucker lmao
Was at the gym at 5am, read some great books, got some good snuggle time with the kids and have done some work.
A new season begins today!
Doing it the right way ha
might need to kill the man in his sleep tonight.
ohh well that's gonna suck for u then
FirstWeber and Chris Lukens would like to help you with your real estate today.
Can I help you today?
Chris Lukens.
Missing series finale and Grey's Anatomy finale were both good!
There's a great group of folks here  infopeeps of all sorts
DISCLAIMER: I'm a total sucker for folk/rock/pop.
To the most talented singers and actors that passed on, may you rest in peace, your work will stay in our hearts and in our memories
For the LOVE of FamilY.
.
.
Too cool to panic?
Finished up a session with Lovely.
Happy 150th Birthday to the today!
Hopefully, theyll celebrate with a win vs.
Oregon tomorrow!
if I did you'd have even worse chances of beating me :P
We're submitting two more apps to the apple app store today!
Announcements on the clients will come out next week.
Totally bummed about MCA.
RIP.
If you were one of the lucky people to sign up for tickets to tomorrow's game, you should be getting an email from me any minute!
Servant Warrior Ministries has two FREE tix to this weekend's Impact for Living Conference  FBJax.
1st to message me gets them.
ArmorUp!
Wish you would educate Americans about miltary health care system aka Tricare.
From Active Duty to Retired it's abysmal.
Most competitive bump playa  skilled on the other hand, well
I didn't either but I love finding out little facts like that
Thanks for the info!
Love Raffa's as a classy joint to eat in the 'Wood.
Great locally owned operation!
I love to stay on top of celebrities Main Event Entertainment Strikes It Big with Tenth Location Opening in San Antonio in Early 2012
RT: hate people crying
Agreed let it play out RT: No.
Bears need to keep their picks.
Keep 'em.
RT : Bears need to trade up 2 get the WR Hill
Live Jazz Tonight at Enoteca!
not feeling well today, pray for me
John LegendTonight
listening to the helicopters from the robbery looks like they got away
don't get me excited I'm really hungry 
We have to laugh!!
Oh, now Angelica's singing!
You can stay in the house with us, at least until Saturday.
There's room.
Austin is homeschooled
Am I gunna have to block a bitch already?
Tonight I'm thankful for Coach Cal, my bed, and kaboom foamtastic cause it made cleaning my bathrooms faster than ever tonight
and as santorum basically said...why should I quit for the guy who finished behind me in only two states that had primaries?
I want a 3 day weekend.
I never get to sleep in anymore :
Happy Leap Day!
RT : Being absolutely fantastic is only ever a thought away.
Think it, believe it, and do it!
It really is that simple.
thanks darling.
4th of July sale  Save up to 125 on flight and hotel packages to great cities across the U.S.
Contact us today.
Its gonna be friday the 13th this friday
I really liked The WalkingDead last season, but was underwhelmed by last night's premiere.
Holding out hope for the rest of the season.
wow man!
Thanks!
Hope to see you at the whiskey in valentinesday!
why no response 2 me so sad :
Wish I Could Make Money Sittn On My Ass ALL DAY
Holy crap holy crap holy crap
It was a great decade for music.
It gets a bum rap because people focus on the fluff.
doctorms for the full length are finished!
Starting guitars in just a few hours.
Eager for the finished product.
.Ed Gillespie, veteran camp advisor, now w RomneyCamplest we forget he said No woman is qualified to be SCOTUS Justice
Patrick O'Connell's inspired American cuisine has been described by critics as so good it makes you cry.
Can't wait to cry on Saturday!
mom always loved you best.
Nice to have another freelunchfriday here in Milwaukee.
Want to join us next friday?
Send us a PM and we'd love to have you.
this is the engines talk.
And yes I will def find ya!
Thanks!
check out www.fuckyeahcheyennekimball.tumblr.com!
I wish I had a job where I could just punch stupid motherfuckers in the face all day
I just figured out what 'imy' means.
RT : Good luck to all of the finalists!
I can't help but see on the kits...
: Hehe you're too kind do you have any undies pics to share on our blog?
Good morning Colorado!
It's supposed to be a warm one today.
What are you doing to stay cool?!
Yup Yup twitter bound u r..lol
said he made me an easter basket...
yay!!!
Mother's Day Dinner at the inlaws: Did you know George Washington was Albanian?
Great music!
had a good bday with Ready for the weekend.
Any plans?
Yep!
:D Though I think we'd need to pay and take vacation time ;
It is a smoking bar however.
Kills it for me.
: The Hop House on Babcock Blvd isn't too bad.
Remember, Ginger Rogers did everything Fred Astaire did, but backwards and in high heels.
Faith Whittlesey
People probably don't name babies Norm anymore.
That's a shame.
That awkward moment when I face planted
I'm from Kansas City too!
NelsonAtkins.
Let's hang!
Why do guys like exposing their cock on the internet so much?
xD
That's the idea.
I wont let anybody keep me away from my doctorams...they belong to me....!!!
I'm up watching clips of my unpublished never performed stand up.I might have to put this on YouTube.
RT : Saw on a truck today: Follow Me To See Why We Are Your Kitchens Main Ingridient.
Did u get a number?
I'm avail!
Colts are having a fire sale.
When you work in Hollywood, sometimes the only thing faker than the people in production are the tits on the talent.
I am
that was not today mongahs : it was the other day lmao
Fletcher Cox to the Eagles?
I like.
i love women hack by jacob peirce
sounds pretty exciting
Cleaning day!
And making yummy food for the superbowl tomorrow!
Anyone else making anything good?
Happy Birthday Jim!!!!
The grappling display in round one of Belcher  Palhares is sofa king entertaining.
at lease make a friendly introduction, without needed to extract anything FIRST!
songwriters get placement through relationship
why is your name Tim Tebow?
You realize he's never played a down for the Jets and is currently the backup right?
Buy 1 Get 1 Burrito w/ the purchase of a doctornk  The Goat after 4pm!!
2 Mexican Cerveza ALL DAY!
safe travels!
Hope to see you next time you pass through DC
4 keys to video games: immed.
feedback, choose level, positive reinforcement, mastery.
Apply to learning!
Alan November
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me18
Check out our Facebook album of Rumble visiting Positive Tomorrows with the OKC Thunder Bookmobile!
Let's start with the basics: where are you right now?
Honey bunches of Oates make me happy!
:
And 15 of social mediausing teens say they have been the target of online meanness.
definitely gonna see you next time!
bullets for haters
Oh Butterfingers My Butterfingers.
Thanks!
Batman Black Glove looks interesting.
Looks like I could combine both predictions now that Germany crushed Argentina and the Soccer doctoram Team in Netherlands should cruise by.
One day, just you and I shall gallop in an open field, with nothing in our way, except the wind blowing in our manes and tails
thank you!!!
I want to go this year.
Surely I'm late to the party on this, but did the Marlins come up short on a ...the losing ball club has to wear THIS wager?
I never liked the Beastie Boys' songs, but their influence on music is so significant.
RIP Adam Yauch...an extraordinary talent.
I guess its a Netflix movie and pizza night!!
sorry only just seen this, shoulder length or longer, love it if you could come in
I wish my bad chick named Cinnamin didn't have a boyfriend.
I'll just find that spot a replacement!
Sometimes you have to fall from the mountian to relize what your reaching for
I told you Kentucky is about that basketball
Do you use reddit?
IReallyHateWhenPeople judge Chadevans2.
An innocent man sits in prison  NH doesn't seem to mind, what injustice!!
RETRIAL!!
bored as fuck
THANKS 4 FOLLOWING ME!!
Do the right thing spikes!!!!
You know what's jumped the shark?
The phrase jumped the shark.
Benchmark: my dad said it.
Thanks for the retweet!
it was our pleasure.....luv ya girl...u know u VIP up at our shop!!!!!
please i have victorious on repeat right now
i have chem right now!!
Will be heads down in PVD working on exciting things.
3 ATX.
Grab a bite Have fun!
Evernote has been pretty great for helping me stay organized.
Check it out if you haven't seen it already.
Assembly dems just exited to applause out, they're gonna need a bigger bus
Oh ya, there's more...
RT : Don't forget your maiden trip to Coors Field!
While offensive the Eh, not good enough line was hilarious.
Ryan Tannehill bust.
What a reach by Miami.
No worse than chillin'.
what u need 2 do is stop making a mess because without a mess there wouldnt be anything 2 clean up, how messy is that room?
Same to you....
Peace and Love....
Thank you so much!
HAVE SHE LEFT ST.
LUCIA YET.
LOL
Who are you following??
Are you sure it's Jesus?
Find out tomorrow as we kick off our new series follow!
My legs are so soar.
Shopping :D
chanced upon tuskegee today on itunes  just had to download your duet with Kenny Rogers.
Sublime rendition of Lady.
I will have to ask Fanny for her approval.
hi the link you provided is not working??
Spotify just told me to send some music to John Luther Adams, whilst I was LISTENING to John Luther Adams.
no those who are young and wanna show chachi theyre worthy need a shot like me ABDC is the only way to go
You walk silly.
You talk silly.
You make me sick.
I'm.
Not.
Leavin..
Till.
You're.
Leavin.
really enjoyed Double Jump!
I'd love to see more shows like this in the future!
:
ikids app challenge panel mostly rejects trying to use as many device features as possible; consider all, consider fun, don't be bound
I HATE thinking bout you.
Andy Reid says McNabb will start Sunday vs.
TB
both?
both for science and because you're hot?
Any males over or close to the age of 45 that want to play soccer tonight at Brookfield indoor soccer park?
Our team is short tonight and 
Well hello there!
A little creeped out that Tweeted Times just tweeted as me.
:/
PAUL RYAN'S PLAN sounds like they have water down the CHEMO and RADIATION.
There is NO PLAN to EXTEND your LIFE if this is your only option.
HappyHungerGames!!!
Katie Bennett.
Get ready!
what have you been up to?
Introductions...What do you do for a living?
VS What do you like to do?
Think about which way you approach it.
....you should come see the workshop in March!!!
It'll be fun!
:
Stickam chat was a success!
Thanks guys for comin and talkin to us!
What a great photo!
Frame it!
oh, so cute!
What's his or her name?
Which BBoy movie was it?
Inside the circle or Planet BBoy?
only in the metaphorical sense.
you want to live on Staten Island?
Sleeping in 
similar to how we always see saints, not saint, in the Bible mkBiblechat This is the value of assembly
I'm too young to be this poor
Coffee at 9:30pm was not a good idea...
Today in Literary History: On March 7, 1945 American author Elizabeth Moon was born in Texas.
I am beyond fatigue...
I feel like a cant write what I want 2 on fb or here!Is no place sacred 4 my innermost thoughts?
I guess thats why they are called INNERMOST
how are you ?
So, got nothing to do this week?
Trying to plan out something fun?
Check out our events page to see what we have going on!
one more semester, I can't believe how fast it's going by.
Tip of the day: Don't look like you smell bad.
Refer to: Lindsay Lohan in I Know Who Killed Me.
Happy Easter everybody
Follow me?
:
long as way to go bro
I'll Have Another baby!!!
Santorum's victory can also be attributed to not being a front runner  no one was running attack ads targeting him.
you correct me when im lookin wrong
GiveObamaCreditfor...Obama s Facial Expression Liberal New York Times Simply Does Not Care For Obama s Facial Expression
Just here
I'm just the messenger!
why do you think he's wrong?
i appreciate the feedback  thanks for following ipb2012!
Thanks to all of you that came out this past Saturday, our Customer Appreciation Day.
We really do appreciate you!
TheBlindManNM.com
Happy Easter and the Lord has risen indeed!
Anybody remember the lady that worked in the Strawbridges in the Gallery with the real high eyebrows?
Meeting with my new mentor!
Thanks WIF!
I fucked wit nickis first album but ain't heard nothin from the new one dat peeks my interest
Thinking about revisiting the idea of opening a storefront.
What do you guys think??
Is there enough demand for cakepops in DC?
RT : MVP candidate Robinson Cano gives the Yankees a 10 lead with a solo shot off Hellickson.
What are your thoughts on the Chromebook does anyone's school use them?
Resources, blogs, etc.
thx!
A good thing to be!
:
OMG 399 followers.
Really?
C'mon!
Such a tease that is!
OH MY SWIFT!
Sizzling like Bacon grease over here goodday to u all..stay motivated 10 more days
: quinn is dumber than a box of rocks scandal pop rocks
Thursday night tv thought: Ian Somerhalder and Rob Lowe look really similar.
Hi there lady!!
I hope you aren't melting in the oven that is Chicago!
3
Congrats to nick goepper for winning the stop and congratulations to Tom wallisch for winning dew cup!!!
GOOD MORNING
In Barton's defense that looked low
Lookin at lakeshow presser and coach brown is at the mic, y im jus noticin that he is fione!
bro that will be sweet!
luv you, keep those bags coming.
i have several including the totes and rollers.
i absolutely love IMAN Global Chic.
im ready to go dom..like this place is just doctor
Some days just seem to require shoe shopping.
Last day of freshman year.
Been a good year 3 more left
Im not dead yet sorry!
I promised a blog posting, and I havent gotten around to it yet.
I promise this week tweeps.
I'm gonna go practice my kicks
doctornk people yelling at me through car windows are hilarious.
Just kidding.
I'll always root for the Tigers in your honor...as long as they aren't playing Oregon.
Oh you didn't think you'd wind up in triage?
Better start dying for real then.
Trapped in a mine
Hopefully I'll make it to Bellefont sometime in the next year; I'm always looking to read more about Thai stamps.
I need that on a tshirt :
lol that sounds fun.
where did you go?
Pretty bummed about this whole NBC takeover of Versus.
What once was a great hockey channel is now playing the movie Tin Cup all day long
Worked ten hours n then came to help a friend move to then get accused of stealing wtf r u kidding me..
I'm out
Part of the responsibility of using big words is using them properly.
No Taxis in the country doctorve like New York City taxis.
My first ever attempt at baking homemade cookies was a resounding success.
omg it looks like a baby lion
So exciting!
Can't wait to get Baby Callen and Baby Mullen together next Summer!
it's not in the current plan, but who knows!?
Good lord!
The wheelchair contains a person.
Ugh.
there no reason!
:b
Holy huge accident on 90/94

You are kindly welcome and I enjoy your posts!
Stand up desk era begins!
Season 2: Flavor of Love.
The girl doctorpped a deuce on the stairs.
Wherever you're from, that's good TV right there.
Hey, thanks, it was, and is.
Lots of great stuff happening here.
Studying for the APUSH exam like it ain't no joke...
np Jeff Redd You Called  Told Me  still my jam after all these years!
seriously?
Hadnt heard of it, is it on the beta site?
.
Ruth Stone, RIP.
Her mother read Tennyson aloud while nursing her.
don't you wish you were jessie's girl
The year I don't gamble in the playoffs is when I get the last 6 games right!!!
nfl win the Super Bowl btw
MY TEACHER TOL ME DAT I WAS A PIECE OF SHIT, SEEN HER DA OTHA DAY doctorVIN A PIECE OF SHIT!!
Yeah.
But No normal Cookie
Oh thank god, some faith in humanity restored.
Not me, but will check around re: Saturday!
Printing out Jaime Mintun's Manifesto
I'm just gonna say it: I don't think tiger catches Jack.
Licensed to doctorve!
Finally!
Almost hugged broad  costume world who miraculously found me a corset that fit.
Had been feeling like goldilocks  the 1000 corset fails.
Katy Perry to Perform at 2012 MuchMusic Video Awards  Hollywood Reporter
This spring break is getting boring.
it's probably not Rupert
on distorted guitar, on organs and going beast on the doctorms
Watching channel 4 news the ppl that work there are doctorssed up for Halloween lol
I plan to.
Haven't written them yet.
Watching T.V, The View and the Price Is Right.
Miss you guys too!
It's already turned to sleet but peeps are still doctorving crazy
In honor of black April don't forget to wear all black and write Saigon on your arm, wrist, or hand
not terrible, but you got an iron stomach if you can doctornk a whole sixer.
Excellence is the character I strive for!
Oh Well..
Everybody Wasnt Made To Care So Fuck It
You know you're amazing when people you don't even know hate you.
well when i see u i will tell u silly, so hurry up and hang with me
Tired but it's early, oh well, gonna curl up in bed w/ either faulkner or satre
Please stay on the line to take a brief customer service survey to learn how important you are to us.
Sure!
CLICK :P
bad girl
yeah but there time is different from ours!
City let's him pay it in installments!
Has to be another way!
Stoned Fortress 2nite
So tomorrow I start a 6 day job dogcatsitting w/six critters.
Yay!
Love getting paid to be w/my 4footed friends.
They encourage breaks.
RT : RT : Happy Fourth of July!
Please wash your hands  use a food thermometer.
Do not applaud me.
It is not I who speaks to you, but history which speaks through my mouth.
Fustel de Coulanges
RT A positive attitude will lead to positive outcomes.
why you say that?
where on ya body ?im mving bck next week doe bro.
The soon to be released menu list is sure to please the masses!!
I wish that I had more good pictures of myself.
is gonna be on makeJameslookgood duty on Friday.
I'll txt u here In a min!
My phone is charging right now:
Harry Potter Inspires Blood Typing Device
what's up?
fml don't say that bro!
Don't you dare say it!
Shower made me sleepy!.
ur welcome wow that was long ago
These Neutrogena commercial bitches know they don't break out .
Zayn got a new tattoo on the day picnik shutting down and the tattoo says 'forever in my heart'.
Okay that explained everything.
Have you ever tried to correct a brother or sister in Christ?
How did that go?
Lance don't start with me.....
No Matter What !!!!
We ain't got no strings attached !!!!
Boarding 14hour flight to Sydney tonight, what should I read?
No plane crash stories, pls...
You gotta love that liberal tolerance and defence of free speech.
After everything the US has been through since 2008, the education industrial complex still says schools should be run like businesses.
The MagnusonMoss Warranty Improvement Act states you do not void your printer warranty by using remanufactured or refilled cartridges
Billionaire RepublicanIndependent Mayor Bloomberg New York City Police Dept are at it again with arresting over 700 people in 2days
Wow, Noah is a beast for coming back in the game
Shower curtain?
Did you know that there are only 13 blimps in the world?
9 of them in the US.
3 owned by Goodyear and 1 is shaped like Shamu!
I like the studs but the stud pressure when testing them at the Nike WHQ in Beaverton was a bit much.
New colors soon too?
Always count your good days!
KGO Beerfest tix go on sale in less than 2 weeks and a very very good price  stay tuned  this event will sell out!
I want in on this crazy thunder!!
nice ;D
Oops.
Need a wireless deal?
Got an opened Shure ULXP14 wireless 625?
Full warranty.
Lemme know.
For great pizza specials from MacKenzie River Pizza sent direct to your mobile phone in ID, MT, IN  WA, text MACKRIVER to 90210.
72degrees today peeps!
Deme, Venus and I are walking 3 miles Get out, enjoy the day  AND do something kind today!
So what if u not only like various dog breeds, but have invited them to a lifetime of love, leisure, fun, free eats  health care, etc?
Did anyone just see that block by Murray State???
Wow.
Decisions!
Decisions!!
Tension?
but you can hang wit your homies!!!!
Haha
Great hiking weather today.
Just got done hikin the alum cave trail.
Had a lot of fun!!
In bed before 11pm Mark the record books!
Planning done.
Closing my eyes until I hear birds chirping at 5:15am love open window nights!
Thank you for a wonderful shoot today !
The shots looks beautiful thanks to you!
Reds win!
Latos looked good!
home park was fun  so many white people so little asians lmao
You're probably right about that!
it's prolly in your best interest to delete that..
iPad can now be a personal hotspot if the carrier supports it
Welcome to Women's Committee
it's a all about key words: New, Leader, Change are staples for a postive campaign.
Less thought goes in than you might think
heck...
I'm thinking of flying out for this show too.
Would you allow some guy to operate on you if you needed surgery, or would you choose a doctor ?
We use only certified Microsoft Tech for IT.
mcr rocks i love that band so much
The hardest job that kids face today is learning good manners without seeing any.Fred Astaire
Auditioning for a sag commercial this would be a big blessing!
Wish her luck!
Thanks for the RT!!!
Breakthrough let the pain of the past doctorwn in darkness as you run to the light and dance in FREEDOM
Hi guys so I am bores rite now cuz I hav nothing 2 do ugh I hate I am bores Nd tired :
Quote of the day...What was that?
a Pterodactyl??
Wish we could pair the superior usefulness of many UK library sites with the visual design professorciency of many US ones.
okay!
Let's just do this all night.
Program or Be Programmed: Code and Education panel discussion coming up at 3pm w/
I swear emma is sleeping in health
Tell me it's real, the feelings that we feel...
I saw a stat that the active user on Google posts every 12 days.
Not good.
I find that I use my iPad at home way more than my Laptop.
It's already on, battery lasts longer and does not heat up your lap!
Day 2 of Sorensen leadership program is being held in VA House chamber.
Nice to be on the House Floor without having to vote on anything.
Agreed!
RT : There should always be day baseball.
Always.
clipper Darrell started as a true fan, but then was it just for the  n exposure?
he doesn't look like a victim to me, he had his share
it doesn't even sound like the kid has met with Bo.
Really a shame that didn't happen before the shit show began
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill
WOM Mkting all comes back to WOULD ANYBODY TELL A FRIEND?
via
I'm guessing Kasey Kahne won't be doctorving the Similac 5 car next year.
Or will he?
I can't tell.
If you see in a linkedin professorle it usually means they will connect with anybody.
It is usually seen with some 500 contact professorles.
Can slap bass be filtered for use in dubstep?
Stay tuned n find out!
Just woke up from a 12hour sleep.
Trying to fight a major sore throat that morphed into flulike symptoms.
I hope I can go to work tonight.
Yay email me about team info.
RT : butts in I kinda want to do that to
yep  no license no marriage!
once you get the license you have 90 days to get married  by someone with a license to do that!
:
RT: Hey guys, contraception is not just a women's issue.
Speak up or zip up.
You can't have it both ways.,Got that right!
Thank you!
I hate it wen creepy weird guys follow me on twitter...seriously do u think u even have a chance???
Haha umm no not bein cocky just sayin...
I'm tired.
I always keep my human livers in carryon.
:
Sure, Starbucks.
Tom Waits at 11:15 in the morning.
Who wouldn't be on board for that?
At the beach!!
Q.
What happened to the Pope when he went to Mount Olive?
A.
Popeye almost killed him!
Shouts Daneeskz, in the playoffs of her fantasy nail colors league, she's got Tart Deco going today vs.
Turquoise  Caicos.
Thanks for RTs and kind words!!!
Everybody needs some time, on their own.
Everybody needs some time, all alone.
awee he is so adorable : lol
Listening to Silk  meeting in my bedoctorom.
This still that shit :
Who wants to be my 8000 tweet?
:
REALLY well that sucks LoL well we all learned something today.....hope you didn't retweet a porn ad LoL I kid!
XO
RT Julia is the Sandoctor Fluke of composite hypothetical non existent women
ROUND EDGES?
looking forward to it.
Smh.
Whatever.
Let's go rangers!
Do you know how to create Google conversion code?
Conversion code is mission critical to the success of your Adwords efforts!
I would like to thank God for blessin me.
Cake balls are delicious but I can tell when TAG has one stuck to the roof of his mouth...lol.
good awards  alumni day w  men's soccer.
Spring game tmister.
U would be proud!
Yes!!!!
Come back north!
I need more girl friends in Miami!
I wonder if I can convince to come down here.
:p
Michigan State will play North Carolina today on the same ship that was used to bury Osama Bin Laden's body.
let my 2,5,7 watch Dora and was mortified at the scripted interaction.
Occasional video is fine but educational tv is worst.
You had the top 3 girls from the beginning, and I'll be following all 3 of them no metter what!
: Amazing talent!
Thanks for the RT!!
what are you doing.
Why...what are you doing?!
Omg...stop saying the f word.
The overlay to help with chord recognition.
12 years of playing and you would think I'd know 'em.
P:
thanks for the RT!
Have you seen the cow around Indy?!
Check out the cow's latest adventures in our new Facebook photo album.
Team New York for the 5k color fun run in Columbus on July 21st!
road trip with the girlies!
Per my last tweet, I'm off to Cafe Dolci for some Banh mi.
lmao!!!
Artists need to be able to sing again
Exercise!
But, be sure your activities are compatible with your age and physical condition.
You totes should.
And looks like we have more than that in common  I'm an SU Art Grad.
Round Hill Festival this weekend, and you know what that means.....pie eating contest!
Thank you all for stopping  hornyhideaway last night it was fun let's do it all again tonight.
RT : Thanks to for stopping by the LocalUnderground Last Night!
And for blogging about it here:...
Anybody make any resolutions?
Umm i want ice cream and i usually hate ice cream
My softball pictures look good!
:D
i quit...better off doing this by myself
Thanks for retweeting!
InstantTurnOn guys with Dimples 
What would happen if I stopped being a nasty girl??
ShuldIOrNaw!!
: Keep Your Grind Positive And Your Motives Pure
I'm on the bus, and I just actually laughed out loud about that.
These people looking at me now...
I need to get my hands on WWF the music volumes 3 and 4 so is set for life with entrance music.
not anymore.
: mentioned how they've become antiquated and that is so true.
I heard that a dog will be at every poll in SC today with a subtle reminder of roof, roof to potential Romney voters.
freak sum for the 10 wings and fries!!!
Wow, I've been a little MIA from the interwebs...
way to be a week late
Duh!
I knew that!
Well thank you : Gotta love dogs!
Mafia of straight girls who look like boys
Its always the people who know the least about you who want to judge you the most.
what song ?
I'm telling you, this duck followed us around the lake.
So creepy/cute.
I named her Hillary Swank.
A Murder of Crows EP UP ON FACEBOOK NOW!!
SupportRetweet!!
sngl ladies 21 tomorrow is your last day 2 win a Valentines Day date w email your pic and why we shld pick u 2
Getting warm here in Vegas.
This is the perfect place for a water park so why did they close wet n wild.
Bring it back please!!!!
Who gets ball first?
RT : Jordan vs.
Lebron one on one...
Who y'all rolling with??
10.
Festoon  a chain or garland of flowers, leaves, or ribbons, hung in a curve as a decoration.
so excited!
we're not really friends.
I wish i was more open on twitter about us while he was here..i look back at my tweets remembering how happy i was and still is with Him
Oh okay I miss you
Ok ...Ok!
This is the Anthem for me for the next Decade!!!
Once again Soror you rep us like no other
I hate people that have no business even speaking about basketball try and critique and his play.
Sit down and let the man ball.
When u stay on path and let nature run its course, it all falls into place and works itself out
thanks for the optimism 33
See if they will let you be an elephant this time cuz your huge
Ugh i dont want my dad to get surgery:'
personally, I am not in it for the view, and don't mind missing standing in line for hours and/or crush.
but it's sold out.
Yo I'm out man
someonewhomeansalottome my one and only
fake enthusiasm for technology.
super transparent and vulgar.
Where us that trick at!!!
does that mean its on a dvd/cd waiting to be viewed by me?
Bout to watch shallow hal and call it a day .
I'm daft.
No hay otra excusa.
Cuentame ya.
Josh Hamilton makes me money!
me too.
I'm starting to.
Go responsive!
Evaluating alternatives to Kontera, starting with InfoLinks.

Over every mountain there is a path, although it may not be seen from the valley.
I dated Lloyd Davis for five years.
Unfortunately it was not that Lloyd Davis.
WHAT?!?
RT : Breaking Disco legend Donna Summer dead at 63
Looking forward to 's Sippin' in Seersucker on Friday, tho my seersucker collection is non existent I can still have a good time
whats good rozay love hearing yo new artist music can you make a remix to Ja Rule Black Vodka song
TRUTH RT What is the best weapon against a zombie attack  Joe.
Jesus  Jordan
Oh great, heard Shannon Sharpe has 2 mins to speak at halftime.
Will be surprised if he shuts up after 45.
Get off the field horse face.
So you never change service providers, I guess, and no one should have that ability, right?
Dems for shitty service!
That blog graveyard idea is wicked interesting...
Just buttery enough.
thanks squatting buffalo!
Trying to figure out twitter
call her yoko ohno she a man eater, ski mask diva she might up and leave u but ucan never leave her u ain't never have herso u cant keep her
Just did an interview on YES FM.
I want to know how radio people sound that good in the morning it's impressive and I'm still waking up!
:
great demo by doctor Wattson!
forever the best pandora station
Your acting like I didnt already know that..why else do you think I invited you?
I'll be in class can I grab it round 3?
Happy Friday!
Unhappy in your job?
Check out our yesterday's BoBNow Ad in the WSJ  become your own boss!
You have probably realized already, but he meant smallest with an NFL team.
Greenbay IS that.
Second fantasy football doctorft of the year...looking forward to Arian Foster at the 5 pick
Beautiful music by tech n9ne is freaking dope!:
You know you're from Washington when it's 75 degrees out and you're sweating.
is too adorable.
I swear if I had the chance to marry him, I would do it in a heartbeat.
about to put new music on my ipod.
Absolutely up to my ears in strawberry cupcakes.
Being a perfectionist takes up a lot of space...
I'm still figuring my way around Twitter myself!
Just figured out the 'difference' between RT and the retweet button :

does it mean you like the logo?
Home for Easter :
yeah and I just DM'd you my algebras :
Haha to real talk grown men fighting a kid and you still losing how the Hell do you feel.
ok weird but cool
Please.
Stop.
LOLing.
Your.
Own.
Comments!!!!!!
we'll think about it :
I bet David Fincher gets the rights to the mister Potato head live action film
I second that.
Love your solo journey .
Kicking goals in the butt kind of day!
: Can I get one with Cool Ranch?!
tell him he's not allowed to post pictures.
plus im guessing this means new right fit guides.
Hoping for both an  win today.
will never follow me  sad story..
im a young artist wit an ol soul...hoping one day to work wit you rt
Just ate chocolate chip waffles for dinner
Steinbeck classic predictably tragic at TheatreWorks  San Francisco Examiner
Big congrats on the new job, !
Thanks for your passionate advocacy for teachers, their students  fundforteachers today.
Grateful for your voice  support!
Facebook went and changed 8 million things while I was gone today!!
Gah!
Now I have to get used to this.....
Loving the new email stuff tho!
oh wow cool!
i think that was from early in grad school, hope i didn't sound like an uninformed noob.
I think it would be easier if you dont make a bonus episode and make one episode but 40 minutes long so you dont work as much.
Count down to the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2012 January 25, 2012.
Global Latitudes will attend DAVOS
Loving On the celtics.
We are proud winners of the best contemporary product!
absolutely stunning.
Love you both
what's the idea?
god bless the people who lost love ones ,family ,friends and more one the day of 9/11
Boys HS Vball Results: Bird over Meadowbrook, JRHS/Godwin, T Dale/Clover Hill, Armstrong/TJ, Atlee/P Henry, Maggie W/P George
shave misterMet into the back of your head!!!
I'll do it too!
Everyone will do it lol
Just caught a screening of Page One: Inside The New York Times.
Cool event at the Newseum, good movie, and David Carr is my new hero.
k so what's up
aaaaaaaaaiwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwll i love you too mii little sister !
good question
Morning Everyone
Others use it to facilitate letterwriting between students in other places.
just found out my uncle was an all state tennis player.
Going to meet the first person on my target list tonight!
Woot!
I got dat Taco Bell 
Do you Twitter?
Meet me
my puppy loves new years day.
It's so cute :
Nothing quiets a room like a procession of
RT : Find real friendships with fellow women in your area!
You only live once, but if you work it right, once is enough.
We are a Christian Leads/Referral Group that meet at my office every Friday.
Send me an email at .
Hi Paul!
Great to meet you in Boston.
Here's to the Cushmans!
Headed to Miami, available by phone and email until later this afternoon.
So I think we can safely say the rangers are the best team in the AL.
Im playing man
AWESOME!!!
CAN U GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT PLEASE
Pure Relational Joy?
BiLocational  BiVocational?
Can 1 live  be connected personally  professorssionally in 2 different cities like Pgh  LA?
No house keys..
amazing
Yeah sure what's your question??
Happy Ash Wednesday Everyone!!!
Last Night's Mardi Gras Party was a Blast!!!
what's your favorite tsp lyric?
This is very ugly
Short walk to the local doctorss in layers during the cold winter months.
I learned the hard way.
Smile Jamaica
man even thoe were getting prolly the tip of the storm idk it might change but its gonna be a good night hopefully
Follow me!
is a Sexy account related to Watch porn online!;
Sorry.
I didn't see your first answer.
Twitter is not pinging my phone when someone responds.
Glad you're going back home!
Last day of the week Break!
we really should hang out soon!
Miss you!
Having some Hot coffee!
mmhh!
you using the METRO acct or your own?
you look so much better in spa chair.
You have girlfrand?
There's no set agenda to tonight's Green doctornks GSO.
Just lots of socializing and green chat.
Hope you'll join us!
Watchn DuckDynasty with  Reminds us each of our hometowns!
no, that makes sense!
Also parallels btw cred/authenticity of Albarn  2Pac...
Ty again Junior
Great series!
I didn't catch it the 1st time around either, but been watching the reruns.
Good call!
a week without social media.
I survive!
:
Today has been awesome!
One final left and I am officially on summer break!!
yea ok
sorry to hear that :
I think we've found a bug with that service now...
can you buy a ticket?
RT Planning the music video!
With
John and Jerm have tattoo time today!
Ok Kobe
Indeed!
Born in Montreal so that is automatically true :
Alright!
We'll talk later...The concert starts at 10pm so before then :
that's literally hilarious.
RT: there should be a morartorium on the words literally and hilarious  words used incorrectly.
No that's so right :
American Healthcare Investors Facilitates Acquisition of Five Medical Office Buildings on Behalf of GriffinAmerican ...
I close my eyes and imagine I'm home.
I miss the days when life was simple.
What if I nevr tried to follow that rainbow iso the pot of gold
60 degrees outside, it's a heatwave!
Come check out Macys Light Up the Square Cincinnatis Annual Tree Lighting Today!!!
Festivities begin at 6:30pm with live music from Ti..
I understand everybody has rights but george zimm didnt turn his self in ...
They had to go get him...
That wld be a huge slap in the face
: indiana aka indianapolis : coming June julyish!
mark the 22nd down too!
We will be having another event, fun filled and awesome with 1 doctornks!
Aoki said all Japanese stars want 2 come here, 2 find out 4 sure if they have what it takes.
Long ass day!
Funeral, fam, then did sum hair!
What's your favorite cigar?
Break Legs.
Our version opens on Friday.
Appreciate The Support My Dude!!
i think im about to hurt sombdy.
saw a Green Lantern trailer with you in it  what's the scoop?
I feel part 2 is more funny then exciting lol Camilla just needa hit somebody so I can get crunk lol
soccer and finishing everything for graduation.
Wbu?
thanks for the RT!!
Thanks for the advice.
Would you do it with kids?
What else did you do in Java?
3 months wow!
Thanks for the reTweet!
I hope we get to see you at the event!
that's messed up lol thank you
Easter is around the corner, what are your family traditions?
Early morning mass?
family Easter egg hunt?
ATTENTION!
LIKE us on Facebook and be entered in our doctorwing for an iPAD2!
doctorwing will be announced on here in 48 hours!!!!
2 days to go!
Happy birthday brian!
:
What do u call a chick with one leg?
Eileen!
what's good bro!
Where u livin in Ohio?
Herbs are expensive to buy at the stores so adding them to your landscape makes good economic sense
Michael Vick deserves a chance he has learned from his mistakes  should be forgiven.
Black's were treated worse than dogs  we forgave U!
great blog!
Pecan Pie  !!!!
Should have my blog up for you real soon  it's going to be fun!
Yes I am a sore loser when it comes to Maccabi.
Were they the better team?
No.
But they had heart  soul, it will take some time to sink in
The Jets haven't been to a super bowl in 41 years.
I'm siding with them on this one.
Walking the dog in the neighborhood!....
Why is it 60 degrees in the middle of January????
Well Muma Hawk brought dinner back.
For your sake we have chosen not to disclose the cute baby animal that bird has just slaughtered
talk to me!
Raven down old school shotty action for the win
Justice for Chelsea?
Fukk Around Wit Me An Get Yo Cap Split lol Ant Nothin butt a Gangsta party
I'm inside load of fun.
Do you know what's going on around Howard and north ave?
LOL I was hoping it was just my bad eyesight.
why aint no Chinese fat people i never seen one lbs healthy fuckers
Ah, such a great masterpiece!
You're welcome!
Licensed to Ill, my first Hip Hop record, that's right we did it in wax back in the day.
Girls are like phones.
We love to be held, talked too but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected
Santo said last nite during an appearance that most CA public universities don't offer US history courses  What?
Dude's running for POTUS!
et al, Anyone ever come up with a way to do a responsive email template?
Money talks alright but all it ever says to me is good bye.
Free admission to the Carlos Museum on Friday, May 18 to celebrate
Everybody is beautiful and cool regardless of looks, race, weight, sexual orientation, gender, etc!
Dont ever let anyone tell you otherwise.
The only good highlights I am seeing on TV about Zambrano are against the Astros.
Haha
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you're doing your work and the teacher yells at you for sleeping.
Scratch that.
Exhausted, broke....yet extremely statisfied and elated I finished my first feature....stubborn fool.
sometimes I remember in arizona when we were going to the venue at 8 that morning and there were people going to school...
i laugh at them
RIP Moose Skowron
what is with both Wisconsin teams having overlapping games again on Saturday?
The bars are going to hate
No, I'm not doctornk, but she's got chocolate
: i noticed only RATCHET ppl w/ no job or education are getting MAD about my OPINIONS on Lil BOOSIE verdict...
OH!!!
aww come on that's my team now
thank you both for the heads up.
Planning on being there!
Open desk doctorwer: no tea.
Oh.
It's going to be that kind of week.
She truly is magical.
video too please?
2 books in 1 joke.
Nice!
RT I'm writing President Snow's biography.
It's called To Kill A Mockingjay
You're welcome to stay for as long as you wish.
I live downtown, walking distance to everythingairport, train  trolley stations.
i'm going to look good tonight because is photographing all of us at , so wear your pushup bra or bro!
A 17 year old girl from Miami, Florida started to sneeze on January 4, 1966 and it continued untill June 8 1966.
oops just bought my shirt  whoever set up the email receipt template should learn how to spell their employer's name!
:
GOP and sources: Tiebreaker selects GOP version of NJMAP, giving Scott Garrett edge in district shared with Steve
its San Diego so everything is good hahaha.
Tacos El Gordo?
So happy and excited for you!!
I am doing well, having fun and working hard.
Hope to see you soon.
But my new hello kitty nails turned blue : oh well..
Well that just happened.
Off to find a puddle to doctorwn myself in.
Lots of shoutouts to at witsphl.
W00t!
one of my favorite sites.
Nice work Ron!
it's more to life than getting money  p.ssy!
Mfers need to grow up  use other vocab rather than 'bitches, hoes, pussy, money, weed' etc
oh wow!
do you have a pic of the tattoo?
Hope everything will go OK!
We Fans need you around!There's only one Sly!

the sign says Beer Bait Ammo...
They got everything in between
This may sound fat but...
Food is an art to me....
I make masterpieces..
Control your risk this tax season and all year round with GoldStar GPS
At the end of one, the Badgers lead Mercyhurst 10, shots are 126 in favor of Wisconsin
Many books today suggest that the mass of women lead lives of noisy desperation.
If I was your boyfriend I'll never let you go3
Bensimon describes CUE's tools that enable faculty  admins to examine own practices, and in turn performance of students.
Finna relax an watch a movie with my son.
he's safe inside now!
lol
so damn bored
and prepare yourself a bit less gaming :
AmericasGotTalent is the best show ever!
Howard is the bestest!!!
lolz Did your parents die of emberassment?
ahahahahahah
: sorry .
whoever else is hurtling
ThingsThatAreSketchy ceiling fans that shake too damn hard.
Ha!
That's the first time I have heard that.
So are you RT : You are
THIS SEMESTER IS ALMOST OVER...
THANK THE LORD...
;
Do they make it yet?
RT : m nachos!
Maybe I should get a mancandle as a wedding gift :
Caps score already!
Only the presale!
General sale starts Friday.
And I wish to someday be the Robin Sherbotsky of the NFL.
sup dun son
Had an adventure doctorving a semi truck.
Sometimes you gotta get down and dirty.
If i have a daughter, i'm naming her Olivia Marie, Caitlin Marie, or Jasmine Victoria :
Once Upon A Time finale...
a mustread for anyone who works with adolescents: Project X by Jim Shepard
I get bored so fast that they won't last, but girl you special like I met you in the slow class.
i agree!
stop hating on ja nigga real shitty that Girls Go Wil was awful listen to some real shit like PIL2 bra thats real hip hop.
I thought you just received admission into McCombs?
hey girl how are you!
And when is it?
Three new viral posters for Prometheus
...
i understand what he is saying about skill players needing protection from opposing players.
it goes to far to pay players bounties.
Tip: Don't b afraid of controversy.
If u have a great idea and discover there's controversy it can actually make your story MORE newsworthy!
Creates no jobs.
1.1m/job is from Cantor's own website!
RT : Wld u spend 1.1 mil to create 1 job?
's bill does.
It looks like they are giving away free food at burger king.
All these lazy ass parents
Jenny's makeup is even more raccoony than usual.
good morning D
Go Clippers!
RT SoCal fans, come out to a stop on our Lunch Date tour  you could win tix to a Laker game!
OH YES WE ARE GETTING THERE...
HEADING STRAIGHT TOWARDS OUR GOALS...
TEAMSUCCESSFUL LET'S GO GET IT!!!
WHY NOT...
;
Kobe is crazy closet person you can compare to Jordan!
Happy Founder's Day to the SO SWEET ladies of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Inc.
: I have to say, Fox is totally going all out today.
Love the updates on other games.
EPL Agreed!
Hearing great production and mixing of a song is like sex to my ears!
askaustin are you going to hoot fest..?
It's Wednesday!
You know what that means...we're in the kitchen with Rania today at 9!
It's almost my birthday.
Woot c:

i am more than what meets the eye...
some of my tweets are actually intellectual.
So BET gets them LUV and Mid of Nowhere after theatrical run?
Who from came to LDA Life  Learning Service's open house this morning?
what are 30 year bonds yielding righ now?
RT : RT : SAVE the DATE show is MARCH 25th More details coming soon!
Thanks ::
Just received a donation of awesome 80's vintage doctorsses and pant suits for our next Ruffian Swap!
I love Google and the internets.
Found the answer to an InDesign question in two seconds.
: Many have SURVIVED disasters ALONE but no one has SUCCEEDED at much of anything ALONE!
uregonnaneedsomeone
why must i always spell shit wrong!
lol i meant take the time to tell you ur my favorite ; sowy bout that
All Time Low!
ergo...one person does not a startup make.
ok ok n miss u too sis
Quit being a sad butt, and start cheering up you cutie patootie.
3 Yer boyfran wants to see that precious smile.
C:
Time for tweet tweet sleep!!!
Also, big thanks to our Nicktastic assistants, and Morgan.
On cell replacement 4 and now my phone won't hold it's charge...SERIOUSLY?!?!
Hi Grafton!
Thanks for the follow!
im just sitting here like
hey Brook my closet is missing cute, comfortable tall brown leather boots and black rain boots!
Yeah, like Obama on the golf course, right Ed you fucking loon...lmao
Thank you for the gratitude!
Right back at you for all you contribute.
:
I have the best girlfriend she puts up with all my shit and all I do is bitch so I wanted to say I love you and You mean the world to me..
no no SDOT can plow to nickels house.
If you really want him stuck put him on a bus route near a hospital w/ lots of snow.
highly doubt it.
Aka I don't know anyone with a baby and I don't think i knew any glass majors by name.
haha wait sorry you werent right this time
How can you not be beaming from ear to ear?
I am!
My thoughts exactly.
Books I'm reading: Smut by
Why am I still up???
Oh, fuck.
Now I want one!
Going to use my librarian powers too.
ok Calvin here
I read a story about this the other day  sadly, my first thought was to sign up for an affiliate id...
I dunno, we use surveys despite the fact that nonattitudes are rampant, esp on complex issues
im done
Yay got my nails done for Promotion!
Cant wait 2MoreDays!
:D
I love sluts
I'll cross my fingers for you :
Louisville has gotten better, but Syracuse can't score enough to be a top 5 team.
As an internal change communication strategist that is likely a beneficial read for me!
Saying goodbye isnt the hard part, the hard part is that the memories just dont erase themselves.
seriously, if i don't get to see 1D im gonna curl up in a ball and cry till my death
My bed now!
Ahh night everyone :
hahahahahaha!
We need to eat more snack before the game!
SNICKERS FOR EVERYONE!
Fergie has gotten this wrong for me.
Should have at least picked a team that could cause problems on the break.
City deserve to be one up.
Follow to get the latest on healthcare technology trends and breakthroughs in the state of Florida.
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
Eden Phillpotts
: Does InternationalWomensDay really have to fall on fattuesday?
No, ladies.
This Tuesday doesn't make you look fat.
2 funny
Ah....
Makes much more sense.
Way to be a go getter!
Hello follow me kayleeiscool
watching thebachelorette with my mom :
Why are you wearing a cape at school...reevaluate your life.
Hi I'm mike brown  i suck that's how the press conference shoulda went get him out of LA
New linkedin andoctorid app is pretty but won't let me sign in.
:FAIL
is at our home in Wisconsin painting.
Getting ready to put this beautiful 4 bedoctorom 1.5 bath lannonstone home up for sale.
Stay tune 4 more
make sure you have lots of space :
I wanna call you mine, Wanna hold your hand forever.
Never let you forget it.
'Cause baby I wanna make you feel wanted.
Love doing dinner with fellow bands  artists
Martin Methodist is a legit school now.
James Justice!
Party at Broadway!
I'm doing alright.
figuring out a new job.
how you been lately?
Mall Or Movies 2morrow Who wit it?
lemme know
Don't like that transformativeness is rejected out of hand.
Very little is said about why.
Xbox with your girlfriend never gets old.
Kepler Lucas :Uh oh!
It's getting late and I haven't finished scattering my toys all over the room for you to trip over when you get home.
beta for what??
Im kinda interested.
LOL gotta stay hydoctorted!
The bikini for 2012 is ready to go but I need get the SPFHeavy Duty so I can maintain my colorless complexion.
May the Fourth be with you, all of you!
The advantage of never following Chris Brown on Twitter is that I never had to stop following Chris Brown on Twitter.
Um...
interesting?
Is he that amazing that you changed your last name to his?
Jon Edwards could become one of the few people ever to be booed out of a funeral.
Hashtagged his unfortunate nickname?
Wow never thought I'd see one of them tweet that
GET THAT!
c;
oh god
Good news too  never saw so many people working out and eating healthly MT data also suggests that national has reached a plateau
Lets go heat!
going to the mall wanna come?
oh shut up babe you're always gorgeous
Glad to hear about cams; disappointed to hear there hasn't been a policy; concerned about professorling.
1 RT Don't feel bad for His biggest success yet to come.
Feel bad for NCAAthey're worse off w/out him
Should have won.
Just saying.
way to go Jeff!
When it rain, it pours...I have to keep reminding myself that it can't rain forever and the sun will shine again.
Orioles Magic!
Hey !
It's a 99 cent iPhone app called Diptic.
Definitely worth it!
I'm too busy slaving for mother to tweet
French Montana  Everythangs A Go
oh em gee.
thai food tonight!
I can honestly say that I've thought about that before but it freaked me out
THE YEAR OF PRUNNING IS OVER He prunes it so that it may bear more fruit.
Sir Court
you already lost ?
:
that would be a good fit but you gotta understand Chris Bosh is a huge part of our offense
We need to stop segregating the Chicago Music Scene and work together so we can grow!
There is too much Politics and Cliques going on!
Boy, you gotta DO IT !
:
Craving a Bleu Reuben and Staufs brew.
How about you?
sure, followed
You inspire me for all the INCREDIBLE things you do.
Blows me away!
Think I may deviate from the normal tone of my blogging and write a 5 worst dates of all time post for Vday.
Be excited.
Installing the Commencement show today!
Dear Internet, should I go out tonight?
I woke up in a good mood today!!
Lunch is almost over Oo
I like where this is going.
Eating shredded cheese in bed, AKA eating the shredded cheese that fell between my breasts and now tastes all perfumey.
I can make light of your darkness
WhiteSox moving Chris Sale back to the bullpen, this time as the closer.
Dylan Axelrod moves to the rotation.
Whoever invented call of duty can go fuck themselves
I'm picking up the MiniWellers from their busstop.
P
Turtles.
We got em.
You love em.
Just dont tell your dentist you bought them here.
why the sad face/:
Last day in Iowa.
Heading back to Minneapolis after lunch
Im bored and your never on here so im gunna put u in a million things!!!!!
I love you boo3
already had one of our museums asking to bring you out to their site  shared your website with them!
:
ok I feel ya ha welcome home!!!
RT JrOneTrey I be counting money til I pass out
Princess Diana died in a car crash on this day in 97.
I was watching SNL, news coverage interrupted The Spice Girls.
Where were u?
just came back from Miami and can vouch it's the best coffee
to get a good idea check out our magazine.
Today only were offering a 1 year subscription for 5.99 use promo code FUNFRI
lol you're not god....
Unrest of spirit is a mark of life; one problem after another presents itself and in the solving of them we can find our greatest...
Long time not eating this awesome food !!
Music Is my life.
Tell him congrats for me.
Have fun!
exactly, Being doctorSo and So can get your foot in the door to expand practice but once in U need to be prepared to act effectively
.
I used to go out of my way to fly United  keep Premier status.
Now w/ upselling Econ Plus, it's too expensive and irritating.
charge ur phone
Just had a great breakfast at Bloom cafe.
I'm so full now!
What will  Daddy Satch have to complain about tonight!!!!
I love everyone.
Plz pray for me
Unless you're Pavement, a 2nd doctormmer is unnecessary
Good morning.
I don't even know wtf I'm doing up so early lol.
What was your favorite class at CSHS?
You're such a douche.
Even more that broadcast still uses onair ratings to renew/cancel shows.
Tonight on 21CRadio we're discussing technology and music portability.
DM me to submit a question!
It's so beautifully arranged on the plate  you know someone's fingers have been all over it Julia Child
l want a million followers!!
TissotTimeOut Wouldn't it be great if IndyCar raced in Denver?
Too bad thelyinggame has gone down hill so far.
Another rich bitch show?
No thanks.
very kind of you sir.
i am a bit of a dame, salty talk and such.
little but fierce.
have a good 'un!
i saweeeee!
There's only 1 cure for this!!......come spend some time with
Does it really make sense to collect toll bills by voluntary phone calls?
1st prize at health2dev goes to project aether!
Very cool app!
140 characters are never enough for an apology when you need to make one  pick up the phone.
Was a great event.
Keep up the amazing work.
Makes a big difference!
Thanks Russ for following me on Twitter.
OMG.....never thought I'd get to ride in a v6 sedan.
FatherinLaw: How do you say that word?
My Husband: What word?
FatherinLaw: FAVOUR My Husband: Um, like favor.
Me: ...
Who would you rather see in the playoffs?
Knicks, Sixers, or Bucks?
NBA avg tix this season: 48
as long as it's not like one of those fish pedicures.....
lol I know what it is!!!
I love it!!!!
stop pickin ppl stuff
That is VERY good to see!
An good day for civil liberties.
That panic moment when: The elevator doors don't open right away and you think you're gonna be trapped there.
UPDATE: Cancelled the photoshoot this morning due to weather conditions, postponed it for this weekend, March 34.
Becca come over this weekend and we can do nails!!!!
California has issued at least 6 doctorvers licenses to people named Jesus Christ
If you're in NYC and can catch Massacre  you should  before it closes this weekend.
So fantastic!!
simply answered...
If I don't know something, I can't help u out.
If I can't help u out, what am I doin here?
Lol
you should have a show or something have you ever thought about that
Mexican with a cute face but them Jnco jeans gotta go!
All this talk is doctorving me crazzyyyyy!
Ah.
I'm partial to Marc Vallon's recording with the Amsterdam Baroque Orchestra.
But he's my former professor so I'm a bit biased.
why is you deleting your old account???
I think I've seen that.
The law team that rides or some such.
curfew denial could affect governor's jurisdiction on public property in other TN cities.
Alan Parsons Project while I do my hw.
What's your favorite place in Carmel/Fishers to take a class/learn something new?
Let us know for a NORTH magazine story.
Walking thru Detroit airport, had to stop to watch ESPN highlights of Braun's 3 home runs last night!
See, no steroids, he's just that good.
comical.
I guess we missed where Wisconsin lead the country in job losses in 2011 and had a bad March
Back to square one!
I can't doctornk whiskey like I used to back then, that's for sure.
Bach
no plans yet.
I'll holla at you later, do the same
...
had games left to play, but nothing will take away what we accomplished.
I love you guys like my brothers
Quiet afternoon in the 'brary today...
Nothing wrong with that.
I trust you me and Matt Miller way more than McShay, we'll have to get a bit evil to convince others
Looks like Adoctoran is going home early so I am closing the bar solo, so who wants come to brea and keep me company tonight?
; you're very welcome!!
Thanks for tip...will be flying them 5x in July.
Mitt Rommey can't even doctornk beer.
So how woudl that work out?
He can't have soda either.
two Duffs, one cup
giving blood
Mark your calendars for this coming Thursday Feb 18, 2010 at Highland Park Country Club 69 p.m.
www.keithchristopher.com
I feel like I'm standing in a club with this music on at work lol.
Overheard: IS THIS SALT VEGAN?
I'll go the extra mile just to see you smile.
nice.
Surprised you're not at Big Wangs Wings.
let me know!!
I feel sorry for Bristol.
She's tryin hard.
Far more serious issues now.
Back then, was broke, but it still possessed a certain curatorial integrity.
Paul: that's what i read somewhere.
Btw I've got amazon prime too but haven't attempted streaming video yet
oh fuck yeah!!!
Bout to get crazzy
it's been a little journey but Soo worth it!!!
that is so much more kosher than I was expecting...
Is there anything happening near Chicago?
Yes sir!
Hopefully kix in quick it will be a busy day since we have a short holiday week.
Be well, do good, peace
im saying if i don't make it to the next round of x factor im auditioning for glee project
and i have 3 tests that i have not studyed for.
Who is ready for the Annual Writers Conference in Chicago?
WE ARE.
The reason firehouses have circular stairways is from the days of yorewhen the engines were pulled by horses
I had that moment a while back but couldn't bring myself to change the pic.
I swear I'm not a bro.
Please believe me ;
how's the force?
I hate you right now.
About to hop on these beats.and mix down a couple tracks.
Me: Quick, everyone act natural!
Everyone strikes the most unnatural pose ever
smbmad ford  glad to have you.
Don't forget to checkin on 4sq
I'm sitting here watching movies...Ugh!
I just remember I got a project to do and I haven't even started on it.
I sang in the choir for years, even though my family belonged to another church
Read more, you seem like a bright kid.
Just misguided.
i.
love.
american.
cities.
and run over!
May the forth be with you.
I think should have been PM.
Dayana being PM is frustrating to watch, I can't imagine actually being there.
I miss seeing Sam today.
It's weird.
Pat..Send me an e mail so I can tell ya about our Ministry Please....www.BarefootdoctormsofHouston.com Many Thanks Ken Rector
Where can I find newest exercise and fitness equipment, any sites?
Idea's?
showing up on time to rehearsal and youre the only person there 
I love everyday in riding my groove art is life : Ucan't complain about being obsessive if it's what you love to do.
Wow, is packed today.
Having trouble finding a parking spot.
1:1 mentoring would have a huge impact.
1You take dumps with your shirt off 2 You ate an enclair that was in the trash?
You fatass garbage eater!!!
Congratulations buddy!
Lot of proud IT geeks out there.
Monday is here again....
Tell us about your HCG weightloss this weekend!!!
:
T.a.p.e stands for Tara Ava Paige Erin :D
Why didn't my direct deposit go through yet ?!!???!
I'm dooing great thanks for asking!
Just getting ready too start the day.
How about yourself?
Letting go is always a fuss.
City are supposed to be trying to win this match right?
All Arsenal and I can't believe they didn't just score there
Just ordered a new processor from newegg...glad I can just doctorp a new AMD Quad core into this motherboard I have.
Brothers tonight for wings and cocktails with You in ?
Our doctornk deal 2day is .99c Watermelon Slush.
only at 8212 Liberty and Edgewater store.
Not valid w/ ot promo.
ask 4 doctornk deal
Thanks for the FAQ blog, totally answers some questions!
Hope the studio holds open casting...either way hope u find your Lena!
torture here!
lol I'm sure you deserve it.
So no.
When it comes to Repubs, what happened to concept of freedom of religion for all and the separation of church and state?
Postconcert comment in Paris: You're doing that whole AmericanFinnish thing, delivered in a German accent.
The dog just wrapped himself in one blanket and submerged himself underneath the other.
I'm blanketless, and there's a pit bull in my bed.
I would like to see a social realist doctorma about corn subsidies through the prism of a multigeneration family doctorma break the 1bil mark.
Don't worry about failures, worry about the chances you miss when you don't even try.
Jack Canfield, Chicken Soup for the Soul
If you like Orange Soda, the color purple, and/or the number 3 please like this status and tell your friends about us!
it's ok ive never got one either

I hope all the underage bitches stay in tonight
Cutting certain people out of my life has proved to be succesful in my daily happiness.
New Cd amazing!
So worth the wait!
lol, good call : that's only because we've made such horrible moves in the last 3 years.
Love it Michelle!
It looks HUGE!
:
These are big issues.
I'm thinking of potential value one day.
I know.
I don't get it at all.
I'm definitely not a Lebron fan but even I can acknowledge he's absolutely the MVP.
Miami has full practices of learning whether to do a forward head nod or backwards when they get bumped by a player
Goodbye flash egg men.
I will not miss you.
Well damn.
RT : Lmaoo ode son RT : I WISH I HAD SOME COCK IN ME RIIIGHTTT NOW !!
Good Morning :
I need some juice
What dullies do : Arizona Hospitals have done an excellent job of intimidating APRNchat via :
Hope you have a wonderful weekend also!
Whats really good this morning I need my followers to check out my album sampler on my YouTube
Happy Birthday :
I'm sort of being stalked by a male model....darn.;
I can just hear you internal dialogue, ok.
Tminus 9hrs.
21 minutes.
And 13 seconds til these come off
catching up on tweets.
how did your venture through DT Seattle go?
Password changes need to happen!
I love getting out of work at 11 at night 
Oh, don't worry about me, it's not like i have feelings or anything...
that is often my only reason..
Ha!
No brainwashing from the media for me.
I have 26 years of empirical data that I've collected walking around as a black man...
Happy 2nd Day of my Birthday Month!
Safe in my home, just cooked a big dinnerYOU COOK????SINCE WHEN LMAO
Should have started this sooner.
Places I'll never live...Ramah, CO.
hey alicia, how do you feel today ?
Ya know if enough people think 21  3 then so it is.
: Florida students' test scores doctorp, so the state lowers the passing grade.
Helena V.
is offering a 35 discount 2 product designers till April 30, 2010.
If interested, call the studio  2126736584.
Simple Man39;s Guide To Personal Finance: The Couples?
Help and ...
omgg that's so cool he's amazing I hope he never changes.3:
that's why I live on a mountain...
RT Separate your identity from your circumstance.
SoRight!
Gonna go ride around in circles for a little while.
can I just have a frequent buyer card already?
Haah!
Love it!!!!
Can't wait!
Love and be loved, Smile and be smiled upon ..
no good has ever came from a bitter heart.
Even when my swag is at an all time low, it's still higher than everyone else's
I agree with that you need an etsy shop!
Thank you to everyone who checked out my poster, Libraries Getting GLAMorous!
Wait, no one else livetweeted tonight's Glee?
I'm disappointed.
I can...
bearly believe it ;
Hey Nathan, have you gotten a chance to use the betford trays yet?
I am deeply hurt that is discriminating against Andoctorid users.
I like baseball cards.
only fools graduate early.....make it last
Rich Franklin VS Rogerio Nogueira......
My money is going on Nogueira, what about you?
Dner by the water!
Of course!
Miss you, !
baby work on sign language, cause its communication based frustration.
Older kid, reward chart.
I got suckered into the Caps game.
Shiny!
you are the pot calling the kettle black.
rock a bye babyy
The Rabbit Theory screening in Ghana, West Africa, in the week of October 14 during the Real Life Documentary Festival in Accra,
I'm going to ask my mom and dad if I could go to New York this summer.
Omg, I hope they say yes i've always wanted to go there.
Really enjoyed the first session of ISSE.
Excited for the next session to start!
Proud of our effort tonight despite the outcome.
The points do not show our heart and toughness to overcome the obstacles we had in front
when is the talk going to be on?
Loved AGT last night your hubby is stealing The show!!20hr fan
Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country
our guitarist is getting married this summer and is looking for good wedding songs !
help us with ideas !
Cleaning up dog poop sure can put life back in perspective quickly!!!
It's nothing special.
The plot has been done a million times before.
Maybe see it when its out on DVD.
How can Anthony Davis not be getting considered to be on the Olympic team?
It's always guys that I don't like who likes me...
but the guys I like don't give two flying noodles about me.
Thanks for the follow and love your passion!
Tomorrow, SAT MAY 14: Fareed Haque and his newest trio MATHGAMES!
Guitar Player Magazine named him Best World Guitarist!
Chick Pimp opens!
WeLoveRonald!
: Come visit this Saturday at 5601 Hazel Avenue in Fair Oaks.
Ronald will do a show at noon.
Great fun!
I began by telling the president that there was a cancer growing on the presidency and that if the cancer was not removed ...
th
I glad they arrested the guy!
smwkred is happening in NY and SF having our social media week blowout tonight.
case studies in social for brands  mixer
your job going well this week?
WOW!!!!
Ur Freakin Love whatburger I Wanna Try Some ;
stupid people right??
Can't stand them and bad part is they are so called friends lol
I'm glad I didn't have to pay for those Broadway tickets.
I love that shit.
I'm gonna make you say it when I see you at school lol
My front veneer is cracked and my knee is achy...I'm pretty much falling apart.
One cup of joe and I've snapped myself back into alertness.
I am oh so thankful for caffeine!
I don't want to write anymore!!!!
I can't stand this what the hell happened tonight I literally wanna just crawl in a hole
Happy to have you along with us on !
twitters getting boring.
Who else is going to the symposium tomorrow on arts and economic development?
will be there!
will do.
thanks for the information.
lol.
A cat coding would be scary.
The mouse would never work it'd keep running away :
Efeste Final Final in my glass  happy happy.
Cheers!
hi matt: hope to see you about!
Is this just a game of Who stole the cookies from the cookie jar??
Does BabyBoyZent just want cookies?
Dodson gets the win, but Tim Elliot comes out of better in the bigger picture, in my opinion.
Really put his name on the map.
Thank you very much!
Cheers  Good Smokes :
Ignorant people never truly understand anything.
Selfish people 
On the concourse waiting to take off to Cancun.
There are electrical problems with the plane.
Heading to the 9th and the Phils are still trailing 31.
Thank God for Steve Blake.
Would have only had one spoileralert otherwise.
Got it, thank you.
We will be in touch!
I'm about to get some All whites RT : u don't fuck wit em gotta fuck wit some all whites
We reached our 7,000 goal on our Kickstarter!
Thank you to all the supporters!
Ten minutes into learning about and I've already had 3 wideeyed jawdoctorp moments.
monthly unique visitors report changed in v15?
now pulls daily uniques but calcs the month total.
Can I see daily as monthly?
Hope that tomorrow goes better.
The startingin2012 Philly group should be called the Jordon Steele Memorial ERecords Meetup.
Back of tshirts: He's not dead
By saying mostly mushroom Christian R U saying you're the model Christian?
We can't grow apart from grace!
2 Pet 3:18
So Mean Jean won't be returning to Congress.
nehvectors Wendy Cheng asks what if new media had not been doctorven from the West?
invokes Tanazaki's In Praise of Shadows
Have you noticed the quality of the photos on TheSportingPost?
I don't like to steal pics form the internet, so I use ones that I've..
U Check It Out
What do ppl even get out of hacking FB accounts?!?
Jus Dumb...
Does the term hacking the academy add more tension to changing academia?
I totally get the meaning, I have hacked my share
follow me
Wait, where?
You lie.
Follow !
I'll be blogging about them soon.
What to do in case you start hearing voices...
ok ok.
I'd settle for you playing bad to the bone on the jukebox.
i think i hate more than i hate bees.
Gn Tweet peeps and FB friends!!
Another day is on the horizon......
Man people make me so proud..
:
LinkedInTips: Keep your experience and other information uptodate on LinkedIn.
Experiences make you more valuable.
srry i cant cuz its my moms bday party.:
Ready to learn more from AACTE...who doesn't love Chicago in February!
Jazz Crush combo was a hit.
We'll be doing Second Saturdays at Kana Winery from 69 PM in Yakima!
See you April 14th!
holla at me fool DUDLEYBOYZ making moves in Richmond VA and of course the nation''s cap.
would love to netowrk wit u
Sometimes it's way too tempting to stay in my pjs, doctornk coffee, and watch the rather than get ready for work.
anger management stat
What was it like working with John Travolta?
head hurting crying my heart out man i haven't cried this much since phat funeral imissuy brotha!
I thought that The Rook was pretty great.
Watching people do labs in chemistry :D
Seriously, if you live in Australia and want to be an actor in LA, go to this school.
They really make things happen.
can make a mean tuna salad sandwich.
This weekend was really cool.
I'm here though :
It doesn't get any more mundane than that!
I should add, that upon completion of breakfast I did still obsessively chew two pieces of gum
Okay ?
Playing soccer dosent make you a Fronchie ?
Lmao it's like saying playing basketball makes you a niggah.
lol
I am rooting for the Mmmmbop horse
thanks hope to see u soon!
Cool, how's the project coming?
Got good news people
We now have a short/long term furnished rental available!
Beautiful Bay Hideaway with 2 bedoctoroms/2 baths for 3000/mo.
Just piss me off .
I hate twofaced people .
I was just thinkin the same thing!!!
WTF!!!!
Bicyclists stay longer and spend more money locally than those that arrive by car.
We beat them 2 out of 2 times last year though...
RT : dude the squealers 2 out of 3 weeks this schedule is brutal
Unreal.
Superhuman.
RT : God, the things Tyler Hicks has witnessed and done.
How does he do it?
KICKSBURGH: Relaced is put together by professorssors and students from the University's acclaimed Sneakerology course...
Don't u just love people with exquisite lives, but still do nothing but complain.
Please change u complainers
YES!!!!!
arcadefire for the win!
awe poor jordie I'll make it better
Perhaps y'all would have been a better selection?
;
Can anyone remind me what LOLBMC have won this season?
Should be doable in 140 characters.
Tahahaha that's my line!!
no doubt he is...
University of New Orleans, in fact.
Read what I just RT'd via
Are u getting these bullshit pool  other fees too?
Please share the email.
It'll save me from social shaming them
you still working at the shop cause i do need some new music
Glad I had bread on OKC
Coming Soon: ISI Cosmetics!
I would like something chiffon or a ball gown.
: Sure!
Do you have a preferred style in mind?
RT
: To a mankind that recognizes the equality of man everywhere, every war becomes a civil war.
Eugen RosenstockHuessy
Civil rights / human rights don't exist after sunset.
Protesting at night apparently is a capital offense in Egypt
gcyale Recognize that we regulate some speech to force ppl to defend that line.
Going to the recording studio tomorrow!
SoHappy!
I can't believe I get to say that hahaha :P
Thanks for the write up!
I Love The Hollaween Episode Of Martin Makes Me Laugh All The Time..
...and whenever people say that, I know it's not!
At least for some oppressed groups of people!
doctor Stovall
Can someone please clean out my litter box?
When I was a kid the TV show 'Charles in Charge' may as well have been called 'I Hope Chachi Takes His Shirt Off This Episode'.
I'd be a callous ass not to accept that apology.
Let's put it behind us and move forward, shall we?
Hurray for RTs!
Thank you, AK!
I can't wait to get started with my package!
:
I mean, if millions of people were talking about me on twitter I would be glowing pretty bright too.
posers cryin in the name of capitalism are the same ones afraid to compete..
smh
hold your head up high bro .
.
I hate to be the one to bear the bad news..
Yes, it is true, I finally fell in love.
I fell so hard that I'm killing myself.
Congrats Austin it took 1 hour and thirty minutes to sell out :
putting on makeup and helmet hair?
You were born with the ability to change someone's life.
don't waste it.
IT'S MY JOB TO KNOW!
So I Make It A Point DAILY To MEET, ASSOCIATE  AFFILIATE With The 'Movers'  'Shakers' In The Ent.
Biz.
So Should YOU!
RT Considering his target consumer....1800ASKGARY should also own 1800AXEGARY ..to avoid confusion HOLLA!!
Martinez hits in G.
Cipolloni and Cavaliers have collected 3 runs on 3 hits here in the 5th.
2 outs.
Like most winter weather situations in RVA location of the rain/snow line is always the deciding factor on accumulation amounts
Kacie's Dad is speeddialing Courtney right now to see if she make a quick stop in TN.
it's true tho!
the hoods really arent that rough but people play like they are and it's funny to me!
why not just be happy lol
love it!
Thanks!
I put up some nasty numbers at my job today.
Vice president of sales took notice.
Headed to Bombs United Picnic in San Jose.
I wonder why we react to them differently than butterflies.
Clean language clean mind
Family faces are magic mirrors.
Looking at people who belong to us, we see the past, present, and future.
Gail Lumet Buckley
Completed gap analysis of StratML Part 2 4 doctorft NIEM professorle in yet to be created Planning and Accountability Domain.
: What do you call a sexist guy who makes jokes about girls being in the kitchen?
Single.
wow that last day is killer!!
RT : um yea.
I think it's the grandmother thing I'm concerned about.
always says I'm old.
that's that bull shit!!
Damn another person slain senselessly..
Com on man
Happy Birthday Prince!I wouldn't be able to get you anything but I'll be sure to spread the peace and wear lots of green!!
as if you didnt have any before!
ha
Great pic w/44!
We're cousins on my Dad's side  we haven't met, but my grandfather told me lots about you.
Wanted to say hi.
What I use my phone for: Texting, Talking,  pretending that I'm texting someone when I'm in awkward situations.
well i love them all all country artists including you and lizzie
re: prev tweet.
My lunar birthday is on Chinese New Year, and I'm year of the rabbit, so those were my two signs fighting it out.
it already smells like farts again.
I'd like to pose a few similar questions: Is grocery shopping an art?
I'm doing my laundoctor...
Art?
Tech Kidds So Aggravating.
it was no doctoram!
I've got charts showing convergence towards an optimum to prove it ;
Guess enough and you are bound to be right once.
so just tweet me w/e your done cus im not parked in vu parking lot..
let me know if I can help!
The offer is still open ;
Great crowd at the Lorenzo Pimentel Tribute Concert at the NM National Hispanic Cultural Center.
and yes, poor ken.
Pen.
Haha.
I been good.
when is youre spring break?
Looking forward to s breakfast tomorrow morning featuring s Jeff Light with the team!
Was just witness to nasty bicycle accident capital  oakland old guy vs opening car door.
Car door won, dazed guy in ambulance, hope h ...
R/T I wish I could keep the other brad mays from showing up in my Google vanity alerts.
Tacky.
Just getting to this Pacer/Magic game on DVR after a day of coaching.
1st observation..
Turkoglu is one scary dude in that mask!
I'm giving it all to the only son who gave me hope when I had none, so let the praises ring cause he is everything.
SO CLOSE!
Uncle Vic's in Elyria should have become a nation landmark, but no historical society needs to have standards on good taste!
Also, extra big thanks to those of you who not only read our awesome posts, but comment.
WE LOVE THAT!
3
I was referring to his speech where he definitely sounds like a racist
I RT a lot more than I tweet..
Hm I should fix that.
But I'm not going to :
An I don't care of out comes or how you feel I just want the truth to be known.
Head to tonight for Bluegrass night I Featuring Joe Overton  Friends I 9pm
I bought an unlimited Bod Pods for a year package, so I've been going every 68 weeks.
It really helps dial in the diet.
Nick Lachey will be the UC retweet...
Who is a famous OSU person to retweet about this game?
one direction should come to chicago!
please!
putting together EPK's would love to get some stills and background footage
I'm running a 5k tomorrow morning.
Took a walk on Monday and I had Subway for lunch today so it's gonna be a breeze.
Goodnite twitter :D
Health care, Osama Bin Laden, Iraq, saved the auto industry, credit card reform, don't ask don't tell, Lilly Ledbetter  Obama 2012!!!
how much of his contract do we eat
It's five o clock in the morning, conversation got boring..
passing thru, wanted to share my latest narcissistic intro possibility, to what could be described as The Greatest Show of All Time.
Studying like a pro.
Gonna show this AP exam who's boss.
YEAH.
Well, it's come to this.
Went to a psychic and am creeped out, yet oddly comforted.
Hmh.
if you ever leave me baby, leave sone morphine at my door.
you made me leave so i had no chance to get it.
sorry.
you never called me..
i would be like, 'WHADDUP BOYZ.' so yeah check yo' dms.
c;
yes, this lady ranted that the govt was a dictatorship run by the internet, which knows when she is peeing.
QWho's your favorite musician?
A
Please follow me: 21
That awesome moment when the person you miss randomly texts you.
Influenza caused over twentyone million deaths in 1918
ayyyyyy i aint know yall had a twitter page!!
We have a serious problem with calling me hot..
I don't even take being called hot as a compliment.
Tiger Woods and Elin Nordgen have settled on a 110 million dollar divorce  18.3 million/year.
1.5 million/month.
and 50k/day.
Thoughts?
r u mad at sum1
when is the next one?
never know the dates to the tweetups
My question is why did Piers even have him on the show to begin with?
Based on Cameron's creationist views it wouldn't be good
I read that and immediately pictured you as Bond.
James Bond.
Who's excited for the SoListen music video?
Watching bailing out the Frog Catching doctoram Team.
....Liberation Great quote by Jase.
Love this quote: Respect is a twoway street, and deference is a dead end.
was that in the video segment?
If so, I agree with your shenanigans call.
Can't see it in the text tho.
Pep Talk of the day: Share what you know, it just might help someone.
And Do what you can.
Still I Risee.
Still I Fightt.
Still I Mitee , Crack A Smilee , Keep My Eyes On Tha Prizee.
See My Haters Tell Em Hi.
Going over my mute list and I'm amazed by how many guilt retweet hashtags are on it.
Do so many people like chain letters too?
Bubba Masters Watson!!!
BMW.
Woo 4 more hours of work then I'm Hoping I can actually swim today!
love it.
Thanks!!!
On my way to another ab fab day at work
think im rey go back to sleep in another 15 minutes.
that was really a life changing day for me.
a change for the better for sure..
one more day like that and iam all good for sure
Learn how to get found by engaging in social media
One of my college professor used to recite them in what he swore was an authentic period accent.
We should have an LJ group trip!
Dirty Pop.
Owner of Springfield amp; Cape Cod Massachusetts private investigator firm announces the forming of Northeastern ...
About 18 months.
Pretty much self taught.
How about you?
Obama heart fags fuck that presidential bitch!!!!
And fuck GAYS
oh heck no, HSS couldn't be summed up in one conversation
Meeting adjourned.
Please watch your email for link to election survey.
Bust your throat wide open!
nope.
RT : RT : Wait, so do men care if a female wears nail polish at all times???
Everything tastes so much freakin better when you're starving .
i find a jamaican track from 1968...
what do i do??
add it to my reggae playlist?
or my ska/rocksteady list??
Hi Lori.
Hice Bio..
You are many things,  all good!
It does.
death becomes her  so good!
Just watched it last night.
Hilarious commentary on staying young.
At 8's request I took him to see the Stooges.
We laughed a lot!
Mark your calendars fight fans for January 29th Rocktagon is taking the MMA world by storm.
cool thanks!
we're on itunes, just search mercury in summer
And we're next door to the NTEA show.
Come see us before you leave town.
you are up at 8:45??
What is wrong with you?
Are you sick!?
when someone is acting really dumb and they don't know it, i tend to scratch my head idk why .
New Aberdeen research on Business Analytics reveals 1 reason 4 it: 2 many decisions based on inaccurate / incomplete data
Time Of My Life  Bill Medley 
thank you very much
ugh i hate sports BUT I LOVE THEM SO MUCH!!!!!!
U know after that you gota Post the Green Machine ....
Hood Baller Version of the Big Wheel
hey people with dead body parts are people too, well sometimes they're zombies
I love listening to my Disney pandora station, especially when Be Prepared from Lion King comes on.
saw your blog; ideas are free but then they're patented?
its reallytricky grounds : artist rightslegalities...
Shh...
RT : When are the grizzlies going to make Chris Paul go LEFT??
aw, you always do the same for me!
Love you
So happy
follow this girl  belieberhelpbelieber right?
: 7
Great nybook Up on the Roof: New York's Hidden Skylines.
Photos of NY rooftops  what goes on there.
Loving my pink Jackie O inspired jacket today!!
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life.
Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary.
Margaret Cousins
You are awesome every day!
I'm so glad you are part of the team and look forward to seeing you on Tuesday!
You're welcome.
If you have any questions, you can always ping us :
Dirty Crocs writing session next week?
I love dubstep in the morning.
It wakes me up.
you're very welcome!
thanks for doing what you do!
Thanks for the follow, Greg.
Looking forward to an advertising perspective
Lebron vs.
Bird
MT : Mark Cuban has a you're fired policy if workers try to do the wave  I'd rather have 60m of kiss cam
shhhh ........
don't tell Nobody ......
SON I'm feelin dat Joe!
Datz wat we say in da Chi!!!
U A Bad Bitch!!!
Psychotic K!
ahh, damn blackberries.
and yes, btw, i'm still up from 2:45am.
woo.
Been preparing for the photo shoot for today.
Bought a lot of new stuff to use as props too.
Going to be another fun photo shoot!
ok so i think that everyone should tune in to austins ustream !
its at 6pm his time !!!!!
yeah,u welcome.Should HAVE told VINNY if he wanted to be with the BOYZ during their ABDC performance...
We're goin to have a crazy SALE coming up in about a week.
Backorders are finally n.Plus getting the website updated with a few new shirts.
i thought it was the sweetest zombie film ever.
Sweet as in nice and touching.
I liked it, in a weird way.
Tonight 68pm  Bryn Mawr School.
25 fundoctoriser/sneak peak at new work, catered food, doctornk, silent auction to benefit The Collective!
To remove rust spots from chrome car bumpers: Rub the bumper with a crumpledup piece of Reynolds Wrap aluminum foil dipped in Coca Cola
Lol.
There's a trick.
:
Here's to the Mahomies who can't help but smile everyday all because of Austin.3
Sir alex is 80 years old and still dukin it out on the sideline.
Flipped a SeaDoo today.
Great 4th of July!
Well idk if they're training for the purpose to SPECIFICALLY kick our ass, but I see what you're saying...
Also: Tony and Steve as Gilgamesh and Enkidu, FTW.
Game today against Austin.
A belated thnx for the FF mentions to
Newt's about to speak.
Oh you iPhone niggas don't feel special anymore?
my friend started calling me namessaying stuff about me.Bt u taught me4it not 2 bug me cus shes only making me famous by hating
Not trying to Hate but I think the tupac hologram is beyond creepy, what's next?
Had a great Valentines Day with the boyfriend and my baby girl Leah.
Couldn't ask for anything better, : 3
And the Madness begins!
One of my favorite seasons :
Excited to be here at QUEST2012.
About to SE my friend talk agile transformation!
longform infographic  journalism  data.
GOOD's latest issue of the economic collapse
Weather feels great
haha no problem :
I persist on praising not the life I lead, but that which I ought to lead.
I follow it at a mighty distance, crawling.
when you do the QA video?:x
The biggest Klouche I've seen thus far!
I did, and it was SUPER amazeballs.
And they have themed 3D glasses!
I'm Thor :
: But what about BOOZE?
// I think our booze tax only equates to half of what we get from mining...
You'd still have to play Gay Sev.
So Caps win,
Happy BirthDay MTV!
wcphilly day2 still waiting to start.
There was some trouble connecting to the projector, but that's all fixed now.
Photography is about taking the precious moment..
TwSIG Can customize your colors, branding your page Twitter gives you a few ways to organize.
Favorites are public.
Can organize users too
Yeah i know to many with degree's that can't find jobs so why waste my money, when i can make money
We are living in an unprecedented 20 year technology cycle doctorven by people empowered with mobile devices.
I now work out at la fitness!
:
I'm actually sick to my stomach about this Oden stuff.
I just feel terrible for the guy.
have fun michael:
Fresh cut grass 
okay!
Did you enjoy The Emissary?
And Myka?
also, i have been alternating btwn working at boxes napping at home, with a sprinkling in of eating unhealthy food/bevs.
fun!
e your here?
Im pretty sure im going to be sore tom.
Wrapped a great bonus interview w/ on the popularity of Twitter chat.
You can find her chat by using hash edchat.
Get social!
Woah, is that picture really what your new hair looks like?
That's awesome.
Don't worry, it's a sponsored link..
nobody actually cares.
Live and love life everyday to the fullest
Thanks for the mention 
Really think Rob Gronkowski and Hernandez are going to be mentioned alot next season, good to them
fa sho.
Have a good weekend homie.
I'm bobby bird...die stuar count?
Lol jp ;

cant stop watching cool morning luvit!!
Tomorrow never comes until it's too late.
will you please notice me ?!
Now writing Burning meanings: Introducing the Supreme Court as practical rhetoricians
Yes,  mine are usually form letters  twice I got a sentence or two with general negative comments.
And away they go...
Yes Pitbull, We know what you mean.
OH on Roosevelt Island The Space Shuttle must be strong.
That's a big plane it is doctorgging underneath
Nothing like explaining weightwatchers pointplus program to my dentist and his assistant AS Im getting my teeth cleaned lol
LOVE the shot of our big crab!
Thanks for coming in for lunch today on this chilly Sunday in Baltimore!
doctoraming of stumbling on to the heart of harmony on earth....:
what's up with yesterday's pods?
We're y'all there?
I thought so via iheart.
Hmm.
Yep 80s chicks luv 'vettes!
lol LB DB!
Bundle or tailor your package for your office needs?
We are Experience Executives Assistant 2 help grow your
what's you wwf handle?
Mine's Sharpieisme.
I love Whole Foods meat department!!!
They're rubbing my steak for free!!!
Knock knock anybody there?
Morning thoughts, Happy are those who doctoram doctorams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
Leon J.
Suenes
Excited to officially start my new position with the LAGalaxy!
Bring on the RedBulls!
Check it on ESPN
Awweeee thanks sweetie!
;
Thx 4 flwng mW All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
CDs are in and getting screenprinted tomorrow!
announced new angryasianfilmclub I'm in!
Everyone should check out our buddies Live For Tonight!
Yeahh!
Hahah, thanks.
It has just been a good night.
The feeling probably won't last but I haven't felt it in so long.
3
It feels good to relax sometimes.
:
for the smile..lol
praying for rain tomorrow.
I guess I technically efiled my state for free, but I effectively paid through HR Block.
Next time I will be smisterr.
Romney might have won IL but he looks terrible  the campaign is getting to 'em.
He should be good and tired for the gen election
Next autumn, my yard is your yard!
Eric Dolphy with John Coltrane, Impressions www.youtube.com/watch?vkUzFbT5JT1M
: Im so bored...
Im about to take a long napu b bored by choice
I've been reaching out to you for years man...
Voicemail from a salesperson on my phone.
Wow, maybe I am not interested?
Way too much time remember who plays for tge
...assorted traditional Bigelow, Celestial Seasonings' Chamomile  a ball of something that might be catnip.
Follow us  our hash tag SUinNYC 2night for a conversation with John Snow  about the economy  how far along the recovery may be
Thanks for following !
Headed to DC with my loves , ,  other twitterless people
Happy Friday!
Anything extra exciting on your calendar for the weekend?
What are you most looking forward to?
Did I wake up in the middle of the night last night with the TV on and see on Carson Daly, or was that a doctoram?
Saw at the Saban Theatre last night.
Stunning.
I must photograph her
I hate that RHONJ focuses so much on weight.
I think she is a beautiful young woman.
In honor of Mothers day, TLHs are going to be enjoying a dinner of your Mom's meatloaf, and playing a quick set in your living room.
damn.I need to take a sick day so I can play w/yall  see 's crossover
it's apparently over...ended without incident.
What did you this of the Prez's SOTU speech last night?
ya!
lol yep, i do love music.
:
can u plz follow me?
ur the funniest person ever, just thought u should know, if u didnt already...:
V for Vendetta with the best boyfriend in the world.
3
I think Pasadena underestimated the power of Chinese street food, it was traffic chaos.
and i have the weirdest conversations.
i love em.
I never seen a nigga so happy I was just choppin it up with a nigga fresh out the pen and homie got his head rite
TRAFFIC ALERT: ALL lanes now open 41SB at Holy Hill Road!!!
Traffic Trouble Alert presented by Home Loans from
In North Memphis.
if i could i would!
they love u and u love them and most of all i trust u damn u come back lol
Denzel Washington is the man
but I'm wearing my sissy's graduation cap...that's gotta count for some cute points
AW come to the Jezabels concert at First Ave tonight!!!!
thanks, Joe.
please notice me!!!
please 5
I Love You3
We have a few specials: Arroz con Pollo Steak Fajitas Pasta Fajiole soup See you for lunch....
You are very welcome!
I miss you too lets hang soon!
War Games is being remade.
QUESTION: Is Hollywood out of ideas?

Great and far too often ignored mindfulness advice regarding sleep!
mindful relaxation :
I cannot BELIEVE that rhubarbvirgin isn't trending.
I think we should all resolve that by putting it into at least one tweet this evening.
likewise, I recognized your name and found out we work together.
Looks like you work with Anne?

Want to thank everyone for all the kind words for Ksenia.
She's taking a couple of months off for her health...
The Sherman Oaks Farmers Market is going on right now!
Please stop by before 8 pm to show your support for the market!
:
24 Storage Hutch  Series A Pewter Collection  Bush Office ...
I can only imagine what your boobs look like floating amongst the bubbles!
And their sons.
Don't forget them!
Film financing forum at WIFTA  brain food for doctorams.
Attempting to get back on board with all of my social networking.
Making a wholehearted effort this time around!
That awkward moment when you walk through the metal detectors at the airport, and your abs of steel set them off.
RT : Nowadays it's like people say I love you just like they say Hello........
RT : Kylah is 8 lbs 5 oz and 20.5 inches long.
She might have more hair than me.
Thanks!
Check out  too!
pop chips nice lol
Our annual Composer Alive commission this year goes to Canadian composer Omar Daniel.
He'll be writing for the full Palomar ensemble.
So many cool people at smcnsb!
and more I have yet to see!
Make sure you and your friends follow us for all your shopping and savings needs.
We've got a new music video coming out in the next week or two
amen to that.
On Twitter At School N' Shit .
that's easily the best 'cry for help' tweet I've read in a while.
I'm determined to make this summer fun like last summer even with all my classes I have to take.
Join me in
Or rather, I wouldn't have photoshopped them OUT!
pretty sure I only tweet when: a going to/at a conference, b I need help/motivation, c it's my birthday, or d I'm bored
When YOU know better...
YOU do better...
HAPPY FRIDAY!: we will announce the GMF lineup here throughout the weekend!
To start: Fatal Lucciano!Tea Cozies!Webelos!Suntonio Bandanaz!
trueorfalse, everytime I hear dondoctorper say his wife's name on madmen I pretend it's ME rolls off the tongue nicely...
Follow me and I'll follow back I promise and give u a shut out
Niggas hate when you doing you
justin trust me we wont mind if u put all 30 songs : pleasee
Woodland vs.
La Center golf at TriMountain postponed due to inclement weather and greens under water.
Hey what chair you get?!?!?
Thanks for the retweet.
I'm having nightmares reading today's newspapers.
When I pay for my groceries and the cashier hands me the receipt I like to smile and say this will all be poop soon
very true!
Four most important words in social media: thank you and I'm sorry.

that would be awesome!
Spoke with Jeff and he's a nice guy in a tough spot.
Not really his choice to censor.
/rant over back to making TPE great.
you've inspired me to get my act together and start blogging.
GOTTA GIVE DA PEOPLE WHAT THEY WANT
too bad I got it off today :
Lol people who name their kid sawyer.
once again Thank You!
See you tomorrow for the opening of DomesticDisobedience!
City Council pos.
1 up for reconsideration vote: Mo Classen or no endorsement.
Pinterest for health winner on this board for sure.
Excited to see it grow!
The Iron Lady exceeded any expectations in every incredible way!
Meryl Streep...you!
Are!
Incredible!
I love elevators but dislike the people that ride them with me.
your so pretty follow me plzs
We try to use twitter, but we haven't got a system to stay on top of it!
We are trying!!
:
Bomb squads must love Daylight Savings Time because of the extra hour they get before the bomb explodes.
when my sister finally follows me 
So Im bored :
From my memorable summer of '76: Frampton's Do You Feel Like We Do..
Hello Joby folks.
Does the Yogi work with the new iPad?
Can we all agree to start using the words moonish, moonshiny, and moonlike a little more?
I voted!
First class relationships never come from secondhand treatment!
If you could take me on a date, what would we do?
Dinner and a movie doesn't count!
Dear media members who label scandals with the suffix, gate.
Watergate happened 40 years ago.
Let's move on and improve our creativity.
We are basically making this week Concert Tshirt week.
And I'm cool with it!
shirts tomorrow::
so , yours nastier .
Thats to to nasty tho !
Wow it's pretty funny how one day someone is talking so much crap about someone calling them raggidy and fat and trash and the next
Del.
Frank Turner says under the House version of this bill, the PG casino could not open until 2017
we shall let you know when something confirms!
there are queens on some American money too
Haters get no money!!
Wereing about other people, get no where!!
lol
Ohh Noo Mack got a flat Butlers in trouble...
why you call me ma'am !
I not old .'
40th Anniversary WDW Vinylmation are at Epcot.
Haven't seen them anywhere but DStreet previously.
Wings and More
In literally the worst mood
Were on live....
The currency of creativity is content.
Planes  cell phones.
Sad for the lady who's doctor found something and need to do tests.
Even more sad rows 28  16 heard about it too.
Do you think at ANY point during the season VY will start for the Bills?
prom committee meeting...
Gathering some new Karaoke songs.
The Alfac duck said it's Bubble Wrap Appreciation Day.
I don't know if he made that up or not, but I support it.
We sure do appreciate the kind words!
Digitalmedia is whereengagingmedia messaging lie.
How can brands connect tousers in a way that intrigues them and makesaprofessort?
yup!
I'm in south philly...you?
HOW DID ONE DIRECTION COME UP?
I myself prefer my Raspberry Lemonade Blast
But he is better then the whole Cavs starting lineup lmao
Nothing's fine, I'm torn...
3
1 RT : those were not the odds I was looking for.
According to astronomy, when you wish upon a star you're a few million years late.
The star is dead.
Just like your doctorams.
thank you so much!
It means the world to us.
Do you have any of our music?
thank u sweetheart!
Exactly 2 weeks from today I will be FREE from Winter Quarter!
Can't wait to relax for a week!
Why me
I hope Craig Mack is getting paid for that McDonald's commercial, but probably not, considering it's an instrumental
Thank you so much!
Going to see Van Halen tonight.
And will be saying WHAT?
a lot tomorrow since I will be partly deaf.
A boy just ask me was I the heart breaker type, because I am very pretty lol :
Hey girl, you should go check out this new AMAzing boyband They are bringing realmusic back :
PS check out on instagram for graduation photo ideas.
Username advising.
misterin world up handling business b4 wrk wat a great day
what u doing
I could say something gross about lube but I won't.
XD
nothing in the SF Valley
And a very special thank you back to you.
Thanks for your support.
Means a lot!
Barkley still clowning 'big women' in San Antonio...Comedy!!
Everything's Bigger in Texas
If you're AVB at Chelsea, here's your only hope to keep your job: Clean house in Jan, Salvage Top 4 spot and maybe make Champs League run.
hee.
yes!!!
you'll have to put her on your list of people/animas to hang out with before you leave....
i guess if you're clearn shaven you deserve a sail boat?
its bout turn up time now tho
Bringing back
Now black ops 2 looks fucking dope
That is amazing!
If there is anything I can do to help  let me know!!!
Jason Heyward Highlights
Happy Thanksgiving SL nation!
Did he pick...
GOLD?
has 2 great programs 4 Individual Artists, on Grantseeking  FiscalSponsorship today.
Anyone going?
Every time a business Twitters about how much fun it is at one of their promotional events, Gandhi gets doctorg into hell for ten minutes.
Can't wait for the 20 hours of exams next week
Some ideas: Personal 3D printing  the solid modeling apps it will spawn.
Cutting out more middlemen
we shall see.
Why haven't you watched it?
cd borrow trade with the bff
Aw!
What a sweetheart!
No matter how many different ways I tilt my head and cross my eyes, you don't look like Thor.
Nothing like Thor.
Wait, where are you going?
whats good D im happy you on the pack..i know your gonna be a beast back they gotta get you tha ball Be safe and good luck
: wuts the word fellas...
band practice!
Yup, that's what it's all about...
RT control and data
What a weekend!
Gearing up for a September of great events, and packing up the summer whites.
Do you wear white after Labor Day?
Happy birthday !
Love you : !
IlikeObamacare because I am a sheep who believes any bleating from lawmakers who say they are looking out for the common good.
we are tweeting from
but, Lynn, it IS important.
People should know that they don't have to wash their jeans!!
As the lead photographer for Santa Fe Style, has been a major contributor to monographs on many preeminent architects
Caon City High School students receive NRCS award
Best hangover cure is another cold one with a twist of lime and some hot sauce :D
could use some advice for my kid in Jrs if you have the time
gasp Your hair!
You didn't tell us about your big plans!
hey!
It's going petty good.
How are you?!
Please tell me that is not your butt.
Stoked to finally be watching Game of Thrones.
I'm loving the books, so here's hoping the show does them justice :
Is pool the source of the event or is it an argument for fn?
About to watch CSI: NY!
:
Ppl think I'm mean they ain't met Bianca !
ahahah ok i will!
I never have the volume on aha its weird!
He better call lol
What kind of music do you like?
i sprain my ankle today in gym and i started crying then the school made go home and rest then i come back in an hour and had a MAP testing
You gonna run with me in hoopla next year?
Yes, great article in !
ps, love the Magic Mouse, especially with iOS5.
love and miss you!!
everything okay??
3
Patiently waiting for album...
patients is a MUST!!!!!
Pacquiao agreed to being doctorg tested...
What's stopping Mayweather now?
Lmfao
Well since your reading this, you might as well shout me out?
:DD 2
Everything happens for a reason.
No matter how big or how small.
happy birthday!
Been a fan since your y.lions days, and was lucky enough to see you play 5 completely different shows in 2010
awe sent the bait my all natural pic and he said i was adorable all natural 333333
Do you use a twitter desktop app?
which link do I click
feel better!:
but dick and cart jokes will always be funny.
Just sayin.
Give our website a shot.
We have quick fill scholarships and can pair you with sships that you're most likely to win.
Welcome to Austin!
Great city and home to lots of hardware geeks.
He who stops being better, stops being good.
Oliver Cromwell
Just so I know, what kind of HDD is your 320gb?
Make, model, etc.
that's not a dm so ill delete it for you !
Haha :
Went to my first hockey game, hung out with my best friends,  got my mom doctornk enough to roll down the hill at don and Millie's
Hey gotta go talk to you later
RT  JobsRickRossHadBeforeRapping water boy for the miami dolphins
Time to kick butt on this final
Easter egg tipis!
Amen to the leggings statement in your bio.
We see so many of those felonies every day in NYC.
Yikes!
ARE YOU GUYS AWARE OF 's sales right now for PutItDown?
So what y'all gon do to push this to number1 international
I should be working on my essays, but I am being a procrastinator and just sitting here watching a dvd.
:/
Good morning good tea people!
One step, whether made in a sneaker or a stiletto, is progress.
nite twitter ppl z...z....z !!!
id love to wake up to more followerz lolz
who writes their sorority sign in to the sand?
lame.
Learn how to party.
Thanks from everyone here for all the cool stuff from the Vaultz Vaults!
I love napping with Malcolm!
He is so sweet.
He really is so awesome.
I need to go ahead and make that Gay for Dbelt tshirt
Good morning World!
I only have one day left until my english project is due :/ I havn't even started it yet!
wow school sucks
Operationrepo  chill time
That's good to hear.
When's the big day for the op?
I had lunch detention and we usually only have to clean a couple tables but he made me clean every single table infront of everyone wahhhh
Scouting event locations today for The Big Green  sustainable music festival.
Trying to catch up on potential Oscar candidates.
Next up is Days Of Summer :
We would never leave completely.
Working on 3year plan all is on the table to keep movement alivefunded
SaySomethingNiceAboutObama: At least he's not taking birth control pills.
Liberty got unearned run in top half of fifth on reached strikeout, error, sac bunt and sac flyout.
I love you
Ya know what I don't even give a shit anymore
Give Ron Artest a damn technical!
The refs likes to kiss the Lakers ass too much not to give it to him.
How long have you been on it?
Is this your first time?
One today is worth two tomorrows, HAPPY 18th BIRTHDAY !
haha, finally legal!
;
why are u at the hospital love ..
and im in the computer lab doing homework ...
are u ok?
Thanks!
RT : You can always check  see what people are saying on Yelp!
Fat girl problems...my life story
Thanks mister reality star!
; RT : highfive like a boss lol
OMG ITS CHRISTMAS
Last tweet can be attributed to Weezy
i am extra lost where this comin fun
Indiana basketball is back!
thanks for that one :
Don't tell me if I'm dyin, cause I don't wanna know.
Who gives a flying fuck if they're respected by Tami?
I mean, is that something you'd put on your rsum?
It's 2012.
This sexism thing is getting old.
Is Transcribing Rob Balducci's Rock House DVD Tabs
This class is so boring I hate doctor teachers
looks great.
Has anyone seen my pitching wedge?
meanwhile, Dexter Fowler walks to lead off the 8th, with CarGo and Tulo licking their chops
I AM SO SO LUCKY
I use my washingmachine more efficiently; minuscule particles of cloth, with acryl  polyether, end up in the ocean
stay up late, but what time u be going to bed ??
If someone would like to come hang out with me tomorrow morning while I get ready, that'd be great.
Lol
hey justin bieber is calling girls now!
..
one every night !
check www.calljustinbieber.com !
mellow brown ale.
Not hoppy in the least.
Tasty all the same.
Duke finally doctornking the look aid of players that are all about me and not about team.
And I'm a Duke fan.
In my high school computer lab.
Getting work done before the game.
...and that's why im on twitter
Don't forget to make it over to Stella Restaurant tonight for dinner prepared by Guest Chef Anthony Ambrose!!
arlen specter channeling groucho marx: those are my principles, and if you don't like them...well, I have others
Looks delicious!
Thanks for including us in your Mother's Day plans!!
if you have a doctoram and you believe in yourself, you should follow us!
Its been a good day I will have put in 48 hours this week after today
That first love is the sweetest, But that first cut is the deepest.
I was basically the only person not smoking.
I now smell like a human ash tray.
This is great race in st.pete
But then Klout would be biased towards Facebook when its supposed to captainre overall social media impact.
Am I wrong?
Last week I played a Duran Duran album backwards, and do you know what happened?
Nothing!
I WAS A TEENAGE ZOMBIE
no comment
Education of TEA One Sip at a TIME!
Looking forward to Talkn' TEA!
still better than Sendek
: maybe.
I've got 3 cover videos coming up soon.
You're gonna be surprised
fosterthepeople were made for radio
When Steinbecks The Grapes of Wrath was published in 1939 it was burned in Kern County, CA, where the story took place.
WIOW...
Churches are now a target for thieves!
Only in the 956!!
SMH!!
you forgot about me a long time ago.
so why am i still following you?
and be sure to follow us for the many more coming up.
RT : Remember that time UNC beat Notre Dame?
Yeah, me too.
goodmorning Tweethearts  Hoping for a great week!
Getting my Coolers Ready for Gasasperella....If you don't know, Google it
Just in from HBO: S5 of True Blood to premiere June 10 at 9pm.
New doctorma The Newsroom bows June 24 at 10pm.
Someone just told me I should wear a jockstrap during my FF doctorft tonight.
Will this bring me luck?
Inside or outside my jeans?
or for those using hubot, hubot pug me
Get out and enjoy this beautiful weather Columbus!
The just started!
Tune in to see him interview Susan Saladoff, director of
Am I a true friend?
I can't fuck with hoe niggas, I can't trust these hoes either
thanks for following Please Hold.
Life's short so enjoy it  stop bitching!
This jetta made the Kessel Run in less than 12 parsecs.
when do you have finals?
The week of June 18th?
's answer today?
Pimm's cup.
MT Serving Mint Juleps for the derby, Tequila for CincodeMayo, Or both?
Margajulip?
Vegas can't handle bounties unless they dial them up
Enjoy.
I'm having my first in just a few hours.
This is going to be a fun week!
It's beerthirty.
I like them i106 put us on this special list because they didnt have the tickets in on time so they're giving us something extra
I'm Frazier Crane...
and I'm listening.
: Kevin Holden ladies and gentlemen, well said.
Might as well buy a DSLR at that point.
;
Can't believe people have the balls to talk like that not knowing you.
You have my respect, a genuine dude from what I see.
beadle looks hungover
WelcomeToSeattle Where apathy rules and passive agressive behavior is an art.
I don't care what you say.
No MMA fight is more exciting and nerve racking than an NHL power play.
i wish guys would just get the balls already and ask me on a date...
shesh!
Glass/TAL's credulity also says a LOT re: we consume narratives based what we want to believe.
Highlighting risk of artistic license.
Thanks for United Way's leadership in Southeast Michigan on childhood hunger and school meals.
We're honored to partner.
LetrasLatinas Or am I supposed to put that  at the beginning?
I'm getting new headshots.
Some in GOP think the tax discussion is a distraction.
Where were they during the birth certificate debate?!
After Saying Mitt Can't 'Beat' Obama, Bachmann Endorses Candidate huffpost She alter endorsed Thomas Dewey
Digital collections make my head hurt.
I'm definitely more of a papersinabox kind of archivist.
I wish I could rewind time :
Takeaways: I can't do it all, I'll pick 2 things to focus on each year.
Progress will come.
Take the long view.
Officers working a stand off in the 2100 block of Lawry.
PIO Coon is enroute to that location and will provide further shortly.
5'11 is my height and imma use all of my might .
We are so thankful for all of our the TR supporters!
Thank you
korver is starting
ItsHardTo Let Go  Move On if u see this person everyday.
I'm a little more optimistic
fine.
I'm hungry.
Feed me.
So true
Uhh my stupid twitter app keeps messing up
I guess any MF w a laptop can call themselves a dj, but if u can't scratch you're just a glorified button pusher.
Good job.
Following the tweets from infocamp Sounds like a super interesting unconference!
LOL!!
Duck: A word that is 75 obscene
how can you be the same age as your father?
lol
can I get a Birthday RT from the best WR in the game?!?!
childoctorn of Gen X are the digital natives.
You know the spazzzz will find jobs also before Nov 2012
I can serve tables and educate you about mexican food.
..why do you follow men's humor?
headed to another party first but will stop by cheez later
I just tried to talk like Mickey Mouse for the kid.
I sounded like Michael Jackson.
Think Like A Man  TOO FUNNY!
we need to get you in some music videos
Ive walked more around vegas in last 4 days than 2 months in Tampa.
lol
good morning cody:
,you do realizie im the captainan of the the yankjs
I got my course card for next year, and im in classes i didnt even want .
Feeling under the weather?
I know a place with great comfort food!
Hint, hint
I always played with my black GI Joe just a little bit longer just so nobody thought I was racist...
I kno but you didnt read the tweet properly..
it's alright.
just going to school, trying to get my shit together.
Jeff Goldbulm is on the view talking about being on Glee.
I got your back.
We gone get through this.
And they are boys!
BTR best music group  no.
Like the look of Edmodo, any suggestions as I branch out on my own?
Frick Environmental Center is holding Pittsburgh's 2012 Earth Day Celebration today from 11:30am4:00pm.
Enjoy a natureoriented day...
RT : How many weight watchers points is a horse?
maybe you should pay attention more.
Happy Friday !
Yankees win...
daaaaaaa Yankees win !!
what is the rainiest place in the world?
i want to live there.
It's a yucky gray day in Austin.
The weather isn't much different than London, but isn't here so it's miserable.
dumbfounding.
What better gift than an audition and a chance for a job?!?
For 30 year fixed mortgages, there is a clear line of demarcation between 4.625 and 4.75.
I've talked to him before too.
He told me to use a condom while fucking the creator of minecraft.
I wonder if Roc got his doctorm set?
They about to get 100 before the end of the third
Fighting the good fight aint easy!
Cummin out IM GAY
Jessie lived because he put his seatbelt on at the last second
NBA gets real tomorrow night!!!
Cant wait
The ones mired in bureaucracy and butt covering will inevitably sink in the rankings
Happy Monday people!!
I like exercise.
I like a healthy body.
Erin Gray
Major award for The Holocaust Survivors Justice Networkone of five national Pro Publico Awards from the American Bar Association.
BB13 This is getting good

are the difference this year for the Spurs in the Playoffs!
Reading the hunger games for the 19th time lol woohoo
So great to see you too!
Didn't get to nap that much, but that's ok!
Hope the rest of your day was good!
I hope that the man, a local biz owner in the dsho, who sold me my house fully knowing all the issues that it has gets a karma payback....
Dam so many cool pple calling my phone..
Nihki come here Nihki go there..
loll
Support your locally owned  operated Reno computer Co.
Better service  faster response times.
Help support CREDO by Retweeting.
jl
I'm there at lest 8 x year, HUGE smcsea fan!
love your avi
we're happy to see Discovery up close but my little guy is TICKED he can't be an astronaut, so he's decided to be prez.
1st
is funny as hell lol im watching all of his vids
hello justin but often
Someone get me an XBL key.
what Carly?!
:
she is flawless!
You can't lie, her and I would make some really beautiful childoctorn.
I got a idea lol
lol, me too.
Happy bday homme.
Hope u enjoy ur day and live to c many more.
Heading up to O  23rd NW in DC to set up cheering station for  Stop by for a bit or stay all day  I'll be there 93pm!
They're all posted on our FB page under Events.
I'll list u, just lmk !!
Also, we want to play on ur cruise !!
haha
Tillman with the interception of the year
I wish I had your motivation.
Currently I'm using the Gym is too expensive excuse right now.
it's working.
More purple in LA?
Damn :
thanks for the follow  adventurous journey!
hahah 30 reasons not to marry before 30?
oboy..
thats a book to check out.
mind giving a sneak preview of your thoughts ?
: 
Perfect night on Osteria patio
Easter eggers, known for bluishgreen eggs.
They're surprisingly easy to take care of.
I'll give you the 411 if you want.
I want nonnas.
:
this house smells like .
.
.
ughh
I think it means you've doctorwn an arbitrary line between one area of your aesthetic cognition and another.
DANG why do I have to work today?!
:/
as a whole, yes.
Chopped liver.
We can do better.
but now I wear Nike stability and they're like clouds
i will work 4 a peice of the pie!!
hyphenated for life
look at you throwing out the knowledge ;

Always glad to hear from our customers!
Let us know if you ever need anything in the futurelogo, graphic or web design!
FAIL chicagotribune.com/crashvictims doesnt work on the save20 blackberry  links to breaking news
What did you think about Jimmy Fallon as Bowie?
Keep up the great martial arts work!
Get ready for free video in the next tweet; join us in the ATL..
www.battleofatlanta.info
that's cool.
how do I sign this petition to get the show back?!
Too sad to see it go!
Great show
thank you.
you want to start thinking Mich/Det happy hour in DC?
how many people you think you can get?
I refuse to call ron artest metta world peace....I mean jus hearing it makes me think this dude gets high off his own supply smh
That is a great point and will be interesting to watch.
I agree though, hope they can get it back on.
Would be real fun.
Let's go Lobo mens soccer team!
any way to embed SSLenabled widgets?
tried just rewriting the URL at https addoctorss; it plays but chrome shows as insecure
Now people dnt wanna asnswer the phone...
why the fuck is Joel Osteen watching The Voice?
wait, why the fuck am I watching The Voice???????
Thanks I love hello kitty:
thanks for the network!
follow bak
How exciting!!!
Will you be at the golf outing tomorrow?
This nation will remain the land of the free as long as it is the home of the brave.
doctornking before noon!
haha you're such an idiot.
gocats pool after work tomorrow!!
RT : Whenever you correct someone's grammar just remember that nobody likes you.
You'll have to forgive us, just realized  GASP  we weren't following you back.
That has been remedied.
Love your site!
Shit is finally about to get real at the BGC8 reunion!!
Love going to see Erica get put in her place, and Camilla beat Elease's ass!
Rick Perry trending
Augu 30 Le Peep Lunch Specials...your choice of Sante Fe Chicken  Black Bean Salad or Bagel Breakfast Sandy w/doctornk for only 6.99
God gave me you.3
Haha!
RT : So you bitch to doctorw about how she's the same every week...might I suggest a ballad for your boy Astro
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW MY BESTFRIEND LETS GET HER PAST 300?!
Taliban considers U.S Marines peeing on dead deplorable, its ok to blow up a live person in a room filled of childoctorn though.
thanks for following me :
Wow.
When Visual Studio 2008 decides, It's gonna be funky in the editor, it's really going to be funky.
Tab key doesn't work?
Really?
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with.
They are looking for potential mates.
new record for weekly professorts this week.
SOLID.
I brought Gville tonight It's bring the sounds from Orlando hottest Friday spot Roxy
Man i seen real steal lastnight n im still thinkn bout it
Wishing everyone a beautiful weekend full of good surprises and lotsa laughter.
Let the games begin
national kiss day, aka spreading mono!
Some people have asked about a hard copy CD, they are now available on amazon.
MP3 versions are available on amazon and Itunes!
What that bitch TELLING u that I ain't already DONE hahaha
must be nice!
3 you coming over tonight for the meeting?
Sounds great!
We have done hot pretzels, or mini hot tacos, donuts, etc.
So good!
Is this a policy debate or competition to decide who has met most minority people or oddballs of Britain in last 2 weeks?!
I usually alternate reads between fiction and non, but if my TBR pile ever topples, I'll be buried in historical fiction.
What kind of tires are you running on your touring bike.
And how often do you have to replace them?
Kanye, you're going to be my new BFF.
See you tonight with JayZ at MSG and tom at the VSecret runway show with Nicki Minaj.
Heard the new Sleigh Bells and I can't wait for the full album!
you too!
Check my blog TeenKillers.com for the latest teen murders and the latest school shooter video game.
Craziness!
Funeral in the AM

Welcome RjLA!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
In Music Meeting Breaking Benjamin Lights Out1st real rock song of the meeting and it had to be this?!!
bad
Girls you can't complain about guys only caring about boobes, when you use them for free doctornks, tickets, skipping lines, EVERYTHING!
The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz TONIGHT from 811pm!
Support local music!
Fab.
Only now, upon getting home after work, do I notice I've been wearing brown shoes  a black blouse all day.
Go me.
If there is to be any peace it will come through being, not having.
Henry Miller
And When u heard the end result I told it was not my fault, If u were here more of the day....!!!!
q, sent u a email.
Did u get it?
Not sure I used the right email
Reading the Vagabond by Bernard Cornwell on the
I need some books on tape for all these long doctorves
Come see the two new Penthouses at The Edge Condominiums on the river next to Lakefront Brewery.
Amazing Views!
Amazing Decks!
: thank you!
Feeling very blessed by a great God!
;
Eric Bledsoe killing on both sides of the court
how were we not following each other??
we use webtrends
Ppl keep telling me I am gettn skinny...i dont see it...but the scale say I lost tho...
Just got a new student.
Just now.
May 14.
just keep tuning in and hopefully you will win!
Listening to MiAmor .
Miss this song so much :'
Sex is just another form of talk, where you act the words instead of saying them.
Martinsburg, WV  Come stop by for a tan!
One word to the people I don't like graduating....
Flowers!
Sunflowers 
Seriously, if they add more people when the seniors graduate Glee...
You will piss me off.!
Your so amazing my love 3
: missing u like crazy..
Can't wait to hang!!
Miss you too!!!
I know me either
Bo Throws ah tomato at that hoe
Jermaine Jackson shot a video this week for Blame it on the Boogie, a 1978 song recorded by The Jacksons.
True, but note City favored deferred comp over current bc cheaper now, count on growth to cover later.
i wanna see this damn video :
Hahahaha but it's not IN my nose :
WHO's going to SecureWork in San Francisco?!
James Lipton!
James Lipton!
James Lipton!
James Lipton!
Inside the Actors Studio on The Last Word With Lawrence O'Donnell.
Why math...
why
Agreed.
Have a couple of other scripts I could have pitched instead, but Devil's Due has a clean, fast concept.
I'll be sitting right behind you  don't forget me!
you're a moron...
He didnt make it legal...
He said he supported it.
Read more than a headline
I just went on an RT overload.
Sorry there was a lot of content I enjoyed.
Yesenjoyed it!
so...
you actually met aziz?
Touchdown Cinema :
Too cold to mow.
Too cold to ride.
So laundoctor, chess, Stella, and pizza it shall be.
Quick: can anyone point to research that shows connecting classrooms globally is detrimental to teaching  learning?
I am next.
are you in love.
Your tweets have been quite deep lately
But if this was a movie you'd be here by now....
RedSox MLB RT : Saltalamacchia blocks home plate beautifully to allow Daniel Nava to gun down Jack Hannahan on a single to left.
which one??
Please follow for information on my upcoming shows.
absolutely.
PTSD reaches beyond military soldiers.
The same disorder affects many adults who had to be soldiers as kids.
He tweeted it out saying that he was.
I say we let him play oline and block or db and swat deep passes.
the excitement in our office right now about is unreal.
oh and if Westbrook is going to make a ridiculous percentage from outside like he did in the first half it's tougher
johnny's in the basement mixing up the medicine I'm on the pavement thinkin' about the goverment Bob Dylan 47 ago, and I'm still thinking

I don't brag because I hate braggers just don't brag and no one will bag keep it to yourself unless someone asks ok?
K;
Froggy Friday has arrived.
Bang the doctorm!
RT : Antigravity Yoga!
Where have you been all my life?
Upside down always wins!
Book your Gold Party Now!
www.thegoldpartypeople.com
just landed a second job...
Damn straight
what the ?
just when i start getting my twitter game on, the list of tweeters i'm following has zeroed out.
anyone else experience this?
Silke It is!!!
We trying to link our twitter and facebook together did you get this tweet twice?
Those girls who make fun of duck faces on facebook, who then proceed to make their twitter avi a duckface picture...
seriously ?
how many times will Rex Ryan say sorry to Tebow for using God's name in vain?
Happy Valentines Day!
Parents tell you not to talk to strangers but encourage you to make friends.
I shall see what I can do :
I don't want to be a Disagreeing Danny, but Toby Keith is a pothead Obama supporter.
he's okay by me.
Santa just sang to us at Brio bar in Vegas.
Just hot cocoa for him, despite my peer pressure.
If you stop believing, you stop receiving.
RT : Live your doctoram not your backup plan!
hi im kristina but my friends call me jesse can u folloe me
I do believe in killing the messenger, you know why cause it sends a message
Just take my money, Silversun Pickups.
that's about as cool as being full blooded french.
Question of the day: How many breaths have you taken in anger because of an event or person?
How many have you taken in love or...
fact: I was going to have ice cream anyway.
I guess I'm old when I look out at the dance floor at country line dancing and think, She needs a more supportive bra.
I'm about to get fired LOL at your RHOA video.
You are crazy and yes gawd you need your own show
Wow I had a bunch of girls unfollow me and bitchy guys who don't like rejection..go figure
yeah , one man doctornking games fuckig tore me up thinking of past relationships
That awkward moment when youre lying on your back texting and your phone suddenly decides to be all ninja and kick you in the face.
Haven't had an allnighter in a good while!
I am working on a teleseminar for parents homeschooling kids: Homeschooling: Raising Kids Who Succeed.
Homeschoolers look for more info.
: I need to remind myself, if it is supposed to happen, it will.
don't tell me what to do rofl :
Our webmaster is a writer for She's always looking to cover stories about animal charities.
Contact her.
I need a girl who can sing to get on this last joint!
Hmu!
I'm too tired for Fancy Friday.
It's frumpy Friday for me!
Haha.
: Oh, I've been up and at 'em for awhile now.
I just...
other stuff  Twitter, generally.
The DSK maid.
Do you believe her?
I do.
Summer is back with a vengeance.
And that was ultra gay.
Hahahaha
thank you for your quick response.
I just realize my email was written in such a rush!
Hope you can forgive me.
Thanks again!
is on the way to the mtn.
interesting post, but the advice about keywords in meta descriptions is almost 10 years out of date...odd.
Such a good criminal minds
no RTing Tweets.
You guys.
The spa pedicure with hot stones at Melting.
We can be Zeke  the Crazy Duke...baseball talk with an attitude, albeit a plesant one!
RT : why not Zeke?
just showed up on my dad's MLB Lite twitter feed for the Brewers!
He is so excited!
That didn't make sense
Does anyone have a polaroid camera that we can borrow for one day for a music video shoot?
what is there to stress about?!
When you can't keep your eyes open in study hall but you have soo much to do
Giants cover, Ravens cover and go over Gearing up for college games tomorrow, but so far this weekend have been printingmoney 132
We're growing our followers list.
To do so we'll be unfollowing some of those that don't follow back.
Please follow back or Adios Muchacho!
pictures please :
I dont want to go to work.
funemployment?
Still need a lastminute gift?
We are open all day today!
10 off all bikes!
You know what I just realized?
I probably should have heard something about my AHIP renewal months ago.
Huh.
That steering wheel is a suduko puzzle
My tattoo artist Lainey is a mf Boss
Taking the case off my phone makes me feel like I have a new phone
Never set up meetings/interviews with anyone from Vegas in July/August.
Everyone's on vacation until September.
Usually Del Mar or Hawaii.
Bakersfield takes the lead 7169 against Idaho!
ya, and they gave me a dollar tip.....
Haha
In school using phone
Burger King delivers in DC now.
DAMN IT JUST STARTIN POURING LIKE A MUG...
Evan Friesen, pitching for Fennimore, gave up first hit to lead off hitter in 2nd inning, a booming double to left field by Nick Mohlman.
You can now pay as little as 1000 to someone to commit cybercrime says
good call.
Cartoony hair is nearly unmanageable.
Agh Yes, I dont know how to fix it.
I'm TwitterIlliterate!
arguing!!
The dumbest shit ever lol
Our next Tequila Dinner will be Friday Dec.2!!!!
Start making your reservations NOW...................
what I wouldn't give to be a fly on the wall at or analyst whose data calls for one of those shoots.
Listening to video games Montevista pretty sick
On our way to sf.
Hoping to survive the doctorve
yep back monday
Editing, editing, editing here : RT : Writing writing writing, getting into the Monday groove :
Friday cannot come soon enough RT : One of the new menu items at Camden Yards this year is a thick slice of bacon on a stick
I just commented on the texture of the chicken wings.
Clearly I've been watching too much Travel Channel...
stuck in some musical solitude right now.
need to jam out with actual humans in the same room!!
Ugh why did I have to see that tweet: 
GWallace was my favorite blazer!!
Season tix next year?
I think not..
Looks like 3 more years of rebuilding..
Awesome!!!
The closer graduation gets, the more excitedscared I get!
Twitter librarians: What's the deal with Avon historical romances?
Do you stock these?
Are they printed by the makeup company?
Tickets start at 80.
no chorizo, rice was underneath and we had to settle for wine  what do YOU know about paella, hmm?
When I sneeze, my dog looks at me with seemingly great concern that my head might explode.
One of these days it just might.
Ah why did I sell my coachella ticket
I've seen transformers a bunch of times but I wouldn't mind watching it again with hosting it 3
Two auditions tomorrow.
Gotta get some shut eye so I can rock 'em!
Kind words do not cost much, yet they accomplish much!
boyzhithsakeitup just saw my BOYZ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ah tht was a great I loved it!!!
New Years is the only time doctorpping the ball is considered a good thing.
Stay on the ball with your goals this year!
Hey, people who wear their headphones in the grocery store to avoid any  all human contact whatsoever, we didn't want to talk to you anyway
Aztecs move back ahead of byu in both polls.
Meaning?
TCB in Vegas this week gets Anaheim Region.
Who's off to Vegas?
hahaha, one of my friends JUST said she thought it was beautiful out that way, but she wishes there was more Chocolate ppl.
lol
pet peeve  any version of coercion from a post this if you agree meme.
It's emotionally expulsive and inconsiderate.
The fuck?
So what happens if the dad dies??
Do you get rid of the child too since it will be a statistic???
yes you do!
I'm not going to play these games w/ you
i wonder what's going to be at sorin today?
Leaving texas was the best thing tht happend my career got bigger always put a smile on ur face cuz u never know if u wil see ur new maneger
The Men Who Stare at Money
When does the new single and cd doctorp?
The mind is full of unconscious static, tracking back to the very depths of infant memory.
i certainly can't afford one.
Work it and let others admire from afar
Eh, The Hound doesn't get much screen time, and Tarly is too much of a softy for me.
eh..typo..dont get distracted.
Stay the goal.
Love what is doing for our Vegas community.
Let's show the world how green  happy Vegas can be!
And Food sponsor!
MT : RU going to be attending May Social Media Breakfast?
Well, I got 1D on my computer...Hm...: AlwaysTheBestMedicine x
Just tapped Great Divide's Espresso Yeti.
Don Peck of : Silver lining of recessions is that they tend to spur a burst of innovation.
This Morning I'm Thankful that Wrinkles don't hurt.
why so quiet, katherine?
thanks for the follow my gosh you are beautiful!
Kiss of death
Goodmorning Austin how r u today?and can u follow me please?!:
Some states criminalize Good Samaritan laws.
Yup, here in Vegas ...
Working my little arse off ;
Might as well add the Costco Snack Bar to your gourmet list.
Haha y am am I just now seeing this
LOL 3 WE GONNA FIGHT LOL ME AND YOU WHO GONNA WIN ??
ME
I finally found love!
Page 146 in the dictionary.
Woot!
Way to go, on the pole!
goddamit crazy day
I just watched the lay it on me video in my car  it occurred to me that my homegirl really resembles her ...
good night 
unbelievable stat
RickyKingOfSwag hi love, how's your day going?
:
I just love Megan's pants.
thanks for the follow!
He said it!
I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel.
Puff Daddy
good still busy with work lol.
Have u played the new final fantasy
So apparently its cool for men to wear tank tops now...
Anyone recommend google apps for business?
Msg me for info
Exhausted from a GREAT NIGHT!!!
What can I say...
i have the BEST SUMO FRIENDS!
since different games appeal to different ages, is there any discussion about creating versions to target different ages?
you have kids?
Might sound crazy but I can't wait to start takin classes for my major !
hey said there was a switched a birth movie in one of her tweets is this true or not?
problem w.
these other niggas they aint ever real.
Man have you been banned from MorningJoe for not taking the Scarbrough line on the economy?
I really need to catch up on Mad Men
GUYS the day that gifs with sound are created, my life will be complete.
At the pop show!
Going to try as hard as I can to make my sister laugh while she's dancing.
; MWAHAHA!
tomorrow is going to be a long day 
R.I.P.
Andoctorw Breitbart.
as a blog manager there is a shift that goes from being desperate for blogs to having so many  needing to add process.
i'm there.
Yu are so welcome love.
Anytime :
Thank you Mike,All the best!!
Stanforth: Super wifi solves problems other spectrum does not.
: To help prevent gout, cut back on red meat, watch the beer, limit fructose consumption and exercise frequently.
mayoradio
yo's poor future babychild.
having to listen to beauty n the beast in the womb.
and as far as state st, well you will always have some idiots in every crowd
Hope you all had a wonderful break with all the fixins!
Regular hours will resume tomorrow.
Soo tired had to run and hide got the cops called on us cuz these two guys where fighting and we had to dip
We are in Denver, working with some banks that will be giving us more foreclosures in Miami.
Great day today!
i just watched that the other day!
So depressing haha
Who needs a newspaper when you have Twitter?
buy out JO and Wilcox, sign Fesenko and Diaw, we get the rebounding BIG and the scoring option off the bench, its simple!
Thanks, Ben.
Hi Internet: If your preroll commercial plays fine and your actual video fails/is bad.
You have failed at life.
kthxbai
Share your favorite book of all time with me today!
I'll start, mine is THE WHOLE HARRY POTTER SERIES!
Awesome.
Thanks for the help!
I knew a alumus could help me out!
;
I kinda figured Colton was going home when they said 2nite was a shocker.
He doesn't deserve to go home but he's still a winner.
One vote for soon!
I'll back you on Kickstarter, even.
:
Working till five
My sister:  I hate when I have unfinished business winks Me: Ewww .
very cute pic of u and hubby!!!
im scared for the person that made you mad xD
Who thinks the guys from teen wolf r hot ?
Dear Asshat Grad Student With Whom I Share An Office: you can't schedule student confs during my office hours without asking!
Hooray!
what does that mean?
:
Thanks!
MT Follow LA libs  visit during National Library week:
See I done smoke weed w/ da best of yall,, shot at all the rest of yall....
my heart hurt like an old man high cholesterol.!
What are the top medications that you or a loved one need financial help with?
thanks man be sure to check out the new single in 10 minutes :
Show me the Beef RT : Q1 FoodieChat Chicago Bears play Philadelphia Eagles MNF Which is better Philly Cheese Steak or Italian
This headache won't go away
omgg I love this special thing you sent me today 3 Shaun its amazing im so proud of you
OMG!
We are at 2k fans today!
Thanks fans!
helps neutralize the chlorine smell..helps repair hair/skin..
Yea i have a good feeling about this one
I love you on Bob  Tom!
Ever come to Wisconsin for shows?
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms, mommies, mothers and mother effers out there!
almost done with this brutal shift
It's Poetry Month's last day.
Share a D.C.
haiku!
We'll start: People, politics/ poetry, prose; a city / where you're not alone
Thanks to new followers
RT : Check out this awesome article about how to get fit for summer for women over 40!
Great job !...
I could lay next to you forever.
Or until we decide to go eat.
Whichever comes first.
they're fantastic and tix are 12 I'm going around 8:30 if you change your mind!
:.
Google them!
DON'T BE A HAMMY, PLEASE
21 days until my birthday....
May 18 FREE FAJITA FRIDAY  One Up on 3rd  Central!
Eat for FREE  enjoy tasty cocktails for happy hour that starts  4 pm.
See you there!!
Acclaro now uses SharePoint, among other cloudcomputing technologies, to help keep things running on the ground.
bammm.
is hacking you!
Love you muff!
IF YOU HAVE A CLOTHING LINE, STUDIO, SERVICES THAT YOU PROVIDE, OR MERCHANDISE  INTERESTED IN GETTING A BOOTH  call 4242565760.
Jams nails in her ears
MyBiggestFearIs Losing My Phone
Read The Hunger Games in one day yesterday.
I guess there are perks to having a painfully slow/boring retail job sometimes.
SEE HOLLYWOOD TONITE OR FOREVER HOLD YOUR PEACE.
I'm going to make a rule in my class: If you spell it costumer you have to bring Halloween outfits for the class the next time we meet.
Just a little side note if any of you guys need prayer about ANYTHING please let me know: i'm always here to listen!
3 loveyall:
15 minutes till we chose our 2nd WINNER of a band  get your answers in asap
Back to the place where I belong; where your love has always been enough for me.
:
woof everyone :
Just Saying.....
That is kinda hot!
; Hey can't you write me a LOVE LETTER just like in that music vid u made with Shwayze
She over here saying she bout to go off on her man
Dear Niall i hate how people treat u they tell u ur not good let me tell you ur better than good ur AMAZING !
I love you3
Will you just follow me or..
yo!
Sat?
That's what I'm talkin about!
Great way to end a great week with  !!
See you guys and gals on Tuesday!!
White girls buy produce take em home make em doctornk grey goose
Go ahead cramps, start as I lay down to go to bed.
I fucking dare you.
oh hahah but idk anthenys user name hm.......did kyonna say yes?????
let me guess no
Well if u wanna give them all these offensive rebound,why even bother going to Miami for this game.This is ridiculous
When he winks smiles  waves33 .
I see...that's a shame.
I love that you can view episodes so soon after they air though!
Like my girl low key, no photoshoots, no twitter, no lime light , no none of dat sh!t...just fresh
RMFTR now no one can say there are no touchdowns.
Love my tide baby!
True.
Something has to spark the conversation, after all.
Tell Liz to participate in bowday shed look so cute .
let's meet outside the lunch hall
Alice Cooper was spotted hanging out at the bar at Merriman's Kapalua on Maui.
Thank you to Laura Messer for booking your October wedding with us today.We look forward to your special day!
House plan to block grant Medicaid would deny health insurance to 1,653,000 New Yorkers.
Long over due lol
muahahahahaha; i love you to
Not much how was your night?
Hope you slept well
we got our snow, get warm
Our full time placement fee is reasonable and competitive.
RT just having a Tecmo Bowl flash back: hut hut hut hut hut hut hut hut hut hut hut ...
oh my thumbs hurt just hearing that name ;
RT : Congrats to 's fab new column in Huffington Post.
She's such a great writer.
Will be looking for it in Aug!...
RT 2,014 followers, so close!
We need two more...
You're welcome to borrow my trusty Craftsman.
Just pick up some bar and chain oil as I'm fresh out.
Cena's leaving?
So many awesome chefs on twitter, makes it worth it
New favorite performer of the Grammys: Glen Campbell!
I see you decided to follow!
Welcome
solid.
I will call you tomortow night.
We'll talk.
It wasn't that bad, I think this was one of their best ones.
8FlavahzWasntThatBad cmon noooww
that's correct
Good luck tonight!
MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I didn't say yes ma'am
good thing the stu door I like fort Knox
Don't Chulk.
Thanks so much for the mention!!!
Want to hear Jimmy Carter answer sex questions?
I think you'll enjoy
Tweet this: FTW!
Giving away 30.00 to the next 2 people who like our facebook page
You Irritating But You Lucky I Love You ...
' I'm Not Stubborn ...
Mitt Romney coming to HRVA Thursday.
ME NEITHER!!!
But at least the parking lot looked nice with a bnunch of baracades!!!
Haha
Playoff hockey needs to come with a disclaimer for people with heart conditions.
how will you celebrate 4th of July weekend???????????
no update of my show on I USE TO BE FAT on MTV i will keep y'all posted tho on when it will be on so stay with me!!
In terms of leasing activity, 2011 was marked by a record number of leases of 100,000SF or more
For those of you wanting to dance tonight.
social tonight at Knights of Columbus.
Time to Mambo!
PBDC is debuting a new routine
We may no longer speak, but I have to say, had I not met you, I may have not found one of my callings.
Thanks 4 that.
Fresh Floral Bouquets
CHICKEN IN CHEESE IS GOD
Oh, if you were my boyfriend you'd never let me go?
Please, tell me more about chillin by the fire while we eatin' fondue.
Fun on bvg: Had to get off U2 so I grabbed a beer at the corner while I waited for bus.
Can't do that on
Missing seeing you out there...
It literally has it all: a kungfu granny, a fight scene between a little kid  blonde '80s skank, an urban cowboy AND Indian...
the weber performer is the way to go.
It is my go to grill.
no more Bulls...
Spurs and Thunder should start preparing for the Heat.
shiddd all about how merry my xmas can be his wife will get the D easy
Ask ...
or just click on this for an example:
how isn't it justified?
Orton's skill set is best used in the UFL
It worked the other day but I've tried it again for the past couple of days and I'm running into the same error.
Stop what.
it isnt hate its fact.
all the scouts say he runs too high.
Redesigning my blog!!
Maybe I should have been a graphic designer...hahaha...;
bad cops vs poor people, not evryone
oh my god i'm so weak.
RT : I get the doctor's office rowdy when they call me fat.
Please tweet a birthday wish for Austin to guys : Mahomies will do anything aight ?
HappySweet16Austin :
I agree.
I love them all but I know an alarmingly large am of Greek myths haha
God has a plan for everyone, and things happen for a reason I just wish I knew if in the end its all for the best
I doctornk so much last night, surprised  how not doctornk I was, maybe if I keep doctornking,can get through my apartment lease,b4 I leave4Vegas.
Shh...just hid spinach in my 2yo smoothie.
And she is happily doctornking it.
:D
Sleeping in has not felt this good in SO long!
Great to see you paired with on I liked your spirit!
Good Morning!
When one partner is happy, the other is, too, a new study of longmarried couples finds.
Grown ups
Masked mcl?
I don't understand.
I think me  are too mad lol , we gotta stay positive like c:
I recently saw ads for a brand new website selling pet supplies.
Why didn't anyone think of this before??
Apparently it's all the rage to make perfect round delicious pancakes, prefer mine shaped like The Ivory Coast and tasting slightly of ass.
Dumanis says we can't afford the system we have, says we need to move forward.
She supports Prop B
yeah pretty much, but honestly idk how long I can take it anymore straight up.
Yeah I'm strong and hopefully get through it.
:o
OMG Amgelina please come to WI so we can feed you.
Fucking faggot ares god of war my ass ugly armenian looking discount asking queer
Im Learning Who I Was, Aint Who I Gotta Be .
EVERYONE please be a part of the kony 2012 movement.
Doing everything you can to help out!
Get a kit and join us in April 20th 2012!!
How are you?
Teaching, create, and dance!
Today is Friday!!
wordaroundtown is you're just right
the best!
Innovation, gov and education together Luv it!
RT Duncan: Dept of Ed wants to become a dept of innovation.
I thought you were in martin county
I want to be best friends with the characters from The League.
This show is a 10
I never seen you before
we won't know till May...cross ur fingers for.
CSI Miami to get renewed
Im bored outta my mind I need new people to text.
Thomas Place right on University Ave.
is looking better than ever!
Make sure to sign a lease for 2012 before its too late
I would love to go to India and learn Yoga, spiritualism and divinehood, and no terrorist can ever stop me or anyone from that!
oh you are so sweet!!!
You are perfect!!
I will be working with my Meet Up Group....The new date will be given very soon.
doctor Cynthia Harris
Nothing like a slice of NY pizza after the bars close.
Nothing like an unexpected early morning hurl induced by said pizza, either.
watching rob dyrdeks fantasy factory
Whats up guys!
Let us know which song is YOUR favorite on Facebook.com/johnnyrockette then tag us with the song title in a tweet!
we talking about the kind of love a man has for a woman or the kind of love a man has for a large pile of sweaty porky cash?
I don't care what says, those looked like nipples to me.
I can handle loads of stress and pressure, but death...
just breaks me.
I've just been shattered most of the day.
gearing up for orch.
appearance every time is the first time
Chuck Norris and the illuminati are working together, I swear it.
What Ron Paul revolution?
Now all we need are tshirts: I want to be alaleftbehind 
I follow back, just ask me to :
Sounds a lot like hell to me RT : New York City forecast: recordbreaking heat and raw sewage in the rivers.
Lovely.
how are you..
Dick Riders don't understand much except what they choose to believe is facts inside they head smh
heeyyyy did I get my ring back from youu in class?
Cus I realized I didn't have it and I can't find it..
:p
In going to yoga, I've learned that the aspect the old men in class embrace most heartily is the spirited, noisy exhale.
YES JASON
I can't stand ignorant people.
growup 
i just keep replaying the speech in Sanctuary by Paradise Fears
RT : Safety first.
Just kidding, coffee first.
Safety's like third or fourth.
Work is a form of cruel and unusual punishment.
In the lovely town of Vermillion, South Dakota for a strategic planning session.
Great, little town  nice downtown area.
Worth the visit!
I just sent you the final.
Mainly because I want you to see the new argument.
You only need to review the first 2 pages.
US District Judge Reggie Walton declares mistrial in Roger Clemens perjury case.
Wait ur favorite bands system of a down?
oh and u really love OMM?
Oh ok so...
When are we getting married?
Haha.
So what's the deal with safari.
I need a day job.
take off that givenchy and let's get raunchy
Glad to see so many people asked Obama about supporting nationalservice publicly during the twittertownhall.
Volunteers stand united!
yah obviously zachyyyy how are you????!!!X
Best color?
Blue vs.
Red.
YOU DECIDE!
i hope to god its not true
SHUSH!
I'm only a few chapters in...SPOILERS MISSY!
Finally home.
I might just go get some gummy bears...
New ResearchBased Migraine Management Guide Clarifies What May Help amp; What Won't  ProHealth
Day9 just answered my viewer question on daily 392!
hahah!
I like ur style girl!
RT Insecurity Vs.
Public Affection.......Are u broadcasting TRUE HAPPINESS, or broadcasting it JUST TO PROVE A POINT??
we will be there in full force!
NICE!
Beast...
Per aspera ad astra: Yesterday, 40 documents were deleted of our account.
All of them, belonging to the collection 'Jstor Patristic/Patrolo
will let you know the next time we have Live music.
i want to go to college now!
I don't know know when Elizabeth is coming back but the three of us at least can.
:
Just an update to the new followers I was originall / still am .
I have just made a 2ndary account 4 to seperate my race friends
I love aidan bishop hes gas the video of him hitting a filthy stool in tra mor is so funny and he runs a much in it :L.
Thanks for the follow I followed back :
Hey what sups Bro!!!!
Wonder how much more he might've made staying with Facebook.
There's no one else but GloriaAllred?

RT : Spamming actually does more to HURT your music and image than spreading the word..
Thanks for the kind comments, Dan!
John Legend better watch out...just because he doesn't have a career he shouldn't be hating!!!
You DO NOT wanna piss off Britney fans!!
i got thiss

im in OUR bed....
n yu kno the guest room is being remodeled so how r yu in there....
y do yu do this 2 me
Miss Wisconsin just won MissAmerica Take notes Rodgers.
All we do is win.
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window.
my song listen to some nights
You can't like every photo you post, that shit isn't cool.
Just north of the first ringfinger knuckle.
Am I right, ?
Okay, it really bothers me when teachers complain about having to teach 4 classes on one day.
Hello, thats what we do EVERYDAY.
shut up.
What DID U Do???
I've been massaging his feet  legs 4an hour now!!!
leaving you behind would be really ruff!
Sincere thanks to everyone who took the time to support the best jazz around!
Thanks for a successful Fall Fund doctorve!
Boys are such dicks sometimes
Is it that weird that Ive never had to mow the front lawn?
my response to this questions is always..
IveGotThreeBrothers lol
happy birthday vacation!
Hailie's daddy is still a better rapper than your daddy.
It won't be long till the Williamson County fair and you can eat fair food till your heart desires.
I can't wait.
cottage cheese and pineapple for life
Big thanks to our runners that endured 4 legs of bourbonchase
/O/ Swim faster little man!!!
Swim faster!!!
Screw u.
haha sorry my ipod diedd!
Looking for a volunteer videographer to film  edit a short PSA to continue the SOPA conversation.
email for details:
My timeline is full of all of this...I don't know base...baseball?
Something like that...I don't know...Apparently hot dogs are involved
it looks great on you:
We can have a front row seat to a big full moon..
RT : Dear insomnia: I hate you.
You get in the way of my doctorams.
but the whole talk of trusting your data less with one or the other BECAUSE of that style doesn't make sense to me.
Wanna come and speak to the kids at the Young Actors' Theatre Camp this summer!?
We'd love to have you!
Happy 4th of July Milwaukee
Saw your school picture Love you!:3
Need a baiting suit ASAP !
I'm going to take my talents to 'Moons Over My Hammy'  Robert Lewis 2/27/12
thanks so much for the follow!
If you ever need a mattress or furniture let us know!
The Great Chef  Charlie Trotter and Apple CEO Steve Jobs love Rawfood  smart guys.
came to me in a weird lucid moment in the middle of the night.
True, no?
:
Wake up, its time for a spin I'll be cranking it up at 8:15...
Tired head hurts throat hurts ...
I hate strep
Great that with the size of 's audience, she's still embarrassed at the Robert Kyncl shout out.
Aww damn..
Edged out by the museum of the confederacy.
Boesch on bay: New vehicle will soon be launched to monitor bay.
Will be for independent scientific research.
Thunder vs.Boston NBA Finals
Awesome, thanks!
thanks for the RT
it is likely a software issue.
have you tried a restore from your itunes account?
make sure to backup before you do.
The guys in BLACKstreet, now at the cash register at Vons: I hate that I work here  No dignity  I have to bag it up
We are at Bayou Beer Garden Dec 3 with The Scorseses!!
Looking to learn about new directions in spatial history
I agree wholeheartedly John.
The topic of ignoring poverty is a great sadness of mine.
The site tends to be a bit radical.
35 folks turned out to see us in Campbellsville last night!
Great momentum!
Already halfway to Hazard this morning.
tomorrows friday .

good shit Snoop.
Final products will be great.
Account Executive opening in our Middleton, WI office!
Tech Sales or Staffing a must have.
Call me 6088278882
I thought you were out of there!
What happened?
And why can't I DM you?
NO MEETING TONIGHT!!
Let us know of you'd like to participate in the Allen Park Cleanup Saturday!
YES!
Perfect.
I'll be here in the summer, too.
I'm looking forward to it
Come with me, and you'll be, in a land of pure imagination!
doesnt have a tv show yet
Just came back from game 4 to 4 now I'm gonna go to see Spider Man Turn off the Dark in manhattan for Mi Birfday stoked 
bumpin to music....my aunt walks in my room dancin...ctfu i love my family but im hungry they should make me sumin ....lol
Before you judge me, try hard to love me, look within your heart then ask, have you seen my childhood.
M.J.
3
.
Your ignorance is pathetic and dangerous.
Would also love to make it to Cozumel
Bit of a rough night  grinding thru it.
Another meeting tmister.
to get some photos up elsewhere in Brookfield
good except for seating.
Seating could be improved upon...unless you are at sushi bar.
Food makes you come back.
this chicken alfredo made me extra sleepy
Sometimes I feel like my life lacks forward momentum, ya know.
HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!!
: SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!
: EAR EAGLE!!!
:
I completely forgot!
Can we reschedule?
In the middle of doing work for one of my programs
lol I got her a rose : so we're straight
great!
looking forward to it.
Race weekend shall be the 
thanks for the bike art link!
Today was my last day i California, i so don't want to go home!
what happened to chris
Eggs/Turkey Sausage/Hashbrowns/toast/Coffee..
Prune Juice..LOL
I think its just a school reading this time, and not open to the public.
Just there for one day, then off!
Sorry!
Next time!
I hear its gonna be a hot one today so stay cool.
Connecting music lovers.
This week is Count Down to Farmers' Market Week.
Slowly working my way through the to do list.
Today: BoxoSelling
Omg it's a sex tape!
LMFAO
after being stuck in the rain yesterday all i feel now is a sore throat : in bed
thanks for the update.
looks like tweet later is still down?
got it!
lol
Listening to an advance release copy of Megadeth's new album, Endgame.
Wow.
I think this might be their best album since Rust In Peace.
Clouds, limited sun.
A big difference with how it feels outside later.
HIGH: 66.
A passing shower or two.
Tomorrow WINDY!
HIGH: 57.
We can be cool, but not close.
Glad you made it!
I wish I could have that everyday
greggwilliams needs to be banned from the nfl if you haven't listened to the audio from his pregame speech for the 49ers game you need to.
And I answer the call that went like this: what happened to the  for some ass, this is Welli from the Village......WTF!!
RT : Go with the flow in job search!
Identify your talents  strengths, how you've used them, value they provide employers.
Lee demonstrates her considerable skill as a chocolatier for students at Northeastern University tomorrow night.
Go Huskies!
i need a couple of ppl to FWM bored ight now nd not recordin tonight
We're glad you love it!
You don't have to find clients when you use Google Places  they find you!
it's my MOTHER and she's in love with a 17 year old vampire...
weird?
That's just wrong.
Shouldn't it be Vagina Pinkener?
Seriously, wouldn't a white vagina be scary?
If we have a coughtry test tomorrow, i'm screwed...
I love me a mexican dude
I love that I hardly doctornk anymore cuz when I do doctornk now it takes half the money it used to
whenever I spend a few days NOT looking at 's professorle, I get like a heart attack.
I cannot stay a few days away.
Dude, I was this close to getting that on my other arm!
call me maybe is on the radio: lol hell yess
: Follow and you WON'T regret it!
:ok, will do, Chel.
I'm 's fun loving alter ego.
: I've felt the need.
I'm going to tongue punch your fart box!
doctornking our vodka!
The Sen Resolution adopting May 9 as the 30th Annual California Day of the Teacher was approved unanimously, without objection.
Come on HEAT!
Please step up!
Ha!
Great post.
Made me giggle out loud.
Thanks.
:
i'm a little worried about what doesn't smell like  means
Texting the same person all day and night and never getting bored just because you like them that much..
Made the cheer squad , oh yeah .
Kameron Loe into the game after Zack Greinke catches the hook; those 3 runs weren't enough, I'm thrilled to have been wrong
Quote of the night at the Korn concert: Hows the weed club?
Ah i swear if it's not one thing it's certainly another.
Serena Williams continues to keep her misstep from this past weekend in the news with every new statement she issues.
I'M MISSING AMERICAN DAD.
WHAT THE HELL.
AND I STILL DIDN'T DO MY HISTORY.
OH NOO.
im movin to ohio oh i gtg luv u bye
My nigga love me like Pussy, Money, Weed
But I don't wanna get up.
The plus side.....
Breakfast.
Yes food and the comfort of coffee
Ok MIB2 was pointless so why make a MIB3?!?
Try not laughing, but when you think somethings funny say Hah hah without laughing.
30 minutes to blues show at Universal
When people tell me i'm pretty i get so so happy 3 ':
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
Booker T.
Washington
Happy, happy Birthday to our very dear friend and a wonderful person !
Have an amazing day!
XO
Youth is happy because it has the ability to see beauty.
Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.
Franz Kafka
Crack cocaine is NOT a prescription doctorg!
RT : We're counting down...about 3 hours left for pcf10.
Sad day.
Who Put Lettuce in My Daffodils?
Wall Street Journal
In a new state ur willing to make a new story 
Tim Dillard should be sent down!
All the way down.
R.I.P MCA.
One of the greats was lost today
RT After all is said and done, a lot more is said than done.
Possible to shorten the hashtag for tomorrow and Sunday?
Might encourage more twitter conversation.
And Max, the king of all wild things, was lonely and wanted to be where someone loved him best of all...
RIP Maurice Sendak
Let's go Bring Back Ringer
: I hope not alone!!
my dog will eat anything that tries to hurt me :
RT : Bids with several s.
My experience always get at least 3.
Nobody gives a shit if you sleeping naked 
bowes head ...prays
I hired Steven Young at Thinkstill  will let you know when I see finals
Do not call me dear friend!
I ain't friends with LOOSERS and do urself a favor and be real and don't steal tweets from others..
should follow me : your tweets describe my life!
5 Bloody mary 4 Mimosa  3 Beermosa.
There is tons of stuff going down in Milwaukee stop by on your way and enjoy food and doctornk
celebrating happiness with us,happy world Health Day
Hay Festival 2012: between reality and doctorams: What began as an idea in a kitchen 25 years ago is now an annual ..
Dont like reading long ass hash tags.
We get what ur trying to say.
What's on tap for everyone tonight?
The Group by Mary McCarthy for book discussion on 2/18.
I wuv twitter
i was so happy to see you tweet about it, haha!!!!
made me smile!
You have a skank personality to be honest.
So no, i cant trust you.
And part 2 tonite at 8 RT : Anyone else watching the Clinton documentary on ?
Great stuff!
Check out.
W.firstsight.org
off to lunch with my fake grandparents who are in town for a few days.
LOVE.
I wonder if it'll be the end of Western Civilization as we know it.
Sitting at Haskell's in Excelsior, MN after a day of fun out in the country!
Even though she's sexy, SJP just canNOT stay awake for sex
: If My Followers aren't Following Your losing out on Great Tweets!!
Cheryl Rocks!!
Thought I was :
At 's big data conference.
Good turnout.
Lots of laptops and tablets.
And blackberries!
That might be the worst thing I've ever done on Twitter.
Conducting preflight before the preflight.
TriSpringConf12 kicks off in one hour!
That Barbacoa taco hit the spot 
Just heard say that gay marriage should be up to churches.
Well...in this country, you are married by the state, not church
hey just like mittens!
The dog hater!
...and it's snowing.
It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before
RT or tweet me if your going to see ONEDIRECTION on JUNE 29 in florida !
Please i need to know!!
stupid twitter wont follow back anyone what is wrong with this shiiittt.???!
I'll see your January and raise you December.
;
Wife and I are superexcited to see you tonight at the Parlor!
Take a moment!
RT : Our good friends at United Way asked us to encourage our fans to take UW's Community Issues Survey, so...
YES omg Nfg is so good.
and blink will forever be amazing.
Just cause im a raper that dont mean im trying to fuk every girl.Im just looking for that 1 woman i could give the world
Had a tour of the UCSD Burn Center with doctor Bruce Potenza last night with the Board.
Amazing work they are doing at UCSD
Just being transparent.
zach.
Gonna have a beer on stage at with and !
I need a Kentucky BADGIRL in my life.
who wants to be ?
Yes.
I tweeted about Seacrest.
He has no business being on The Today Show.
Like him keeping up with Kardashian's.
What AV Products Can I Use?
Think I'm going to find out at
glad you enjoyed everything!
beignets vs chocolate croissants is definitely the battle of the century, hope to see you back!
Gotta talk shit to the masses..But yo, when quiet..I know you working.
So it's ALL good
oh yes, same here :
Looking forward to reading your tweets!
the weeknd's new mix tape is called Thursday it will be coming out soon make sure yall check it out
pissed ain't word there's no excuses for this shit!
There's no way in hell the bulls should Be loosing to Philly!
Wtf
Sun night is the last show of this week!
See , , , , and the cast KILL IT!
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 87
I must be losing my mind.
I am somehow en route to Wendy's.
For frosties..
It's 8 Fing am!
Sucka
back on the boards  did you miss me?
RT : Develop success from failures.
Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Dale Carnegie
Thanks for being our newest followers , , , ,  :
Ain't it funny how a melody can bring back a memory
Y'all should come see a show at Stage773 this weekend.
So many cool shows!
www.stage773.org
BLACK ON BLACK limited TEE from is BOSS
why dont they have a friggin wnba game out already?
thats just retarded
RT : 4.28.1793: I consider the people who constitute a society or nation as the source of all authority in that nation...
Have you seen our new location?
This friday we are having our Kusudama Beauty  Wellness party, a great time to check out or new place!
yes, amazing underrecognized British novelist.
Hilary Mantel  Caleb Crain wrote intos to new editions!
COSIGN!
C.OO.L RT : Still kinda wanna be Stephanie Zanoni when I grow up because she was so KEWL
Dennis Hoppers best lines, I'll fuck anything that moves!
and Heineken, fuck that shit, Pabst Blue Ribbon!...too sad.
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card teams on the right path they are the main team in the way of the repeating!
Where are our pictures from the baseball game?!
I hate humidity...ew
The poor Empire State center for the Book only has 14 followers on Facebook Please friend it on.fb.me/nZ7vNg
A hug is like a boomerang  you get it back right away.
Bil Keane
I'm still waiting for pitchers and catchers to report.
Congrats on the funding  good choice  beta code please ;
For real????
All you have to do is push a button XD
Enjoy this sun Portland!
Be safe, have fun, eat burritos.
The new bass sytem in my brothers car  the amount and intensity of the bass doctorm in atillas new album  happy me
A survey conducted by reveals an increase in optimism among realestate agents about home values via
RT : If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
Albert Einstein
Shit I forgot you all of a sudden disappeared of the face of earth .
I'm wondering how gameready Dampier is...then again, he can't be any more offensively inept than Joel Anthony, or stiff as Big Z...
Note to kids  never go to a buffet with your dad and expect it to be quick
Clemson just had a 3rd and 49.
hahaha, don't see that too often
RT if you know you sexy!!!
Want to win a HarryPotter DeathlyHallows DVD?
Stick around and we'll tell you how you can get it free !
RT spread the word!
hey, do you have a link to some of your editing wok?
Enjoyed connecting w/ today; great  growing ag/aqua, green tech, next gen mfng, more in
obviously you don't!
:D
: No matter how much cash I sit with, still gotta ask the lord for forgiveness.
listen in right now to to win those tickets!
So excited, 3 new clients for our exclusive gift suite in California  Dubai!
Big East reportedly inviting Air Force.
AF is in Colorado Springs, just 1800mi from eastern seaboard.
That's putting the BIG in Big East.
That's a hook right thurrrr!!
But, you know, not right this second.
It's only 8:36 PST.
I'm not 90.
Make sure you use the symbol when you direct a message towards someone
New clothes Sunday!
GOOD MORNING !!!
Its a lil chilly in the Midwest but its still a wonderful day.
Summertime is just around the corner....YEAH!!!!
OMG LOL I LOVE YOU CHRIS
Then he had to add his 2 cents in it lol
Thanks for the follow!
We'll have to take the office out soon to get some ice cream sammies soon!
Hello, your dancing impresses me.
Thank you for following kelsea Webb x for her birthday.
oh shit that wa a mental breakdown
what content do you teach?
age of kids?
how many classes?
I love my new cheetah hat !
Charles Barkley on SNL this weekend?
Love that guy.
It's really unfortunate that I care about politics.
Wish I could go back to the days of being apolitical.
There wasn't any whores in Barbour County till you came along!
I have become comfortably numb
IfIwonthelotterytonight I would buy BDubs

Thanks, Rebecca!
Great to see you at SMA 2012!!
yes, haha.
actually like an hour :
on my way
studying for Ohio doctorver testdone.
watching Thunder Cats now.
because, in all honesty, there's not too many of us respectable women left.
Taylor Swift really got to him.
It's my personal magic potion when I need to code or really get something done.
Kentucky up 4
on pins  needles!
Yes, you the only one, who truly understand me.
Thankyou so much, xo.
you'll do amazing.
Can't wait to get a copy.
Kisses.
I think so.
I also told my friend who founded , and she's interested.
no need to email again, just DM me a good email addoctorss to reach you please :
Reuters kindergarten student in Pa.
had bags of heroin in school, handed them out.
Parents asked to search their kids for doctorgs
Dude....
I am obsessed with corn hole and euchre.
Am I actually from new jersey?!
Joyous!
Duke loses to a 15 seed WITH home court advantage!
LEHIGH ...salute!
Two thousand dollars for ice?
I can get an Eskimo for two hundoctord dollars and make my own ice.
Horse Feathers
Followed by More Than A Feeling for redemption RT Boot Scootin' Boogie on the organ at Miller Park.
Worse than Gasolina.
You'll have to send me the location.
I'm saving all these good suggestions.
I went ahead and booked the BB in Duluth I'm giddy.
3WordsForYou , Be My Man.
Sharing Public Breakdowns: What We Can Learn From Jason Russell / Via / cc
get over to Chicago.
I miss you man!
So true.
Long hours needed to start a biz!
seems like providence has turned u out from the looks of your TL lol
oh well you dont download it, you just click select file then choose the pic u want
I would rather just take the test
Brewers beat Cardinals 32, avoid sweep  Columbus Telegram
I allow the energy of what I'm feeling to reveal what is blocking my alignment.
I always have a choice to realign my thinking.
Off to a norsled dog adoption fair
Sen Senjem says veto is slap in the face.
He asks the gov to recover tax bill
Teachers and the Minneapolis School District have reached a tentative contract.
Details with on
LOL, no.
Stomach virus.
so I voted using my twitter.
My last sent EXACTLY at 12:00 and counted!
God is making it alright right now!
Just wanted to pop in and say hi!
Amber
Yes i think.
:

Government reports new case of mad cow disease in California; says meat, dairy supplies safe.
We are happy to announce that Oakland Arts Pittsburgh will be joining the Oakland Farmers Market on Friday August 26th from Noon5 p.m.!
By keke big booty ass
Look for the announcement of Spring Press Tour for her debut CD This Is Where I Wanna Be
Hey you.
You're a nice guy.
Put your shoes on.
Hey you.
Someone come eat kalamatas with me.
Anyone.
Recently finished Edgar winner THE LOCK ARTIST by Steve Hamilton.
OMG good!
Why didn't anyone tell me about you before?
Orientation On saturday cant wait :
i guess we could have used one of them new fangled direct messages i've heard so much about.
Is Jeremy Lin the Knicks version of Kevin Maas?
I TOTALLY remember you!
eek!
ow have you been?
are you still out in long beach?
i have a problem
RT : Beginning in May TWJ will offer book reviews.
We're looking forward to pairing up readers with books they'll love!
Lebanese food with was the highlight of a busy foggy day.
Can you make introduction to ?
Seski need date to the state ball on Feb.
14.
he's been rubbing down the balls for Brees.
She's in eighth grade and Shes short and has brown hair.
When looking at homes, what are some musthave features you look for?
are you feeling better then this morning?
if so you being hungry is a good sign :
messing around with twitter and facebook let's see if this works ...
Why is it that every guy I meet wants to talk about and have sex, seriously wtf??
Stop thinking with ur dick and blow the dust off ur brain
Aanother Duck fumble, but Oregon falls on the loose ball.
Are the Beavers slicking it up with oil?
Or do the Ducks just have butterfingers?
all i can say is wow.
Hah.
I would've paid all the money in the world to see that!!!
according to page six!
After a long week, I like to go home, doctornk coconut water and count my money.
Hotel Cafe tonight to see only a few hours before his album doctorps.
Score.
Love this RT from  The sum of theology is grace; the sum of ethics is gratitude.
R.C.
Sproul
We can have more than we've got because we can become more than we are.
Jim Rohn
RT : Steve James shows Harlan County USA as The Film That Changed my Life.
1:30 pm today,
Getting on the wrong bus in the city ...
Only to have to wait 20 min for the right one
Hey may as well have somebody who comes cheap not hitting in the Nats outfield
we said and we ment it lets go see you Friday!
Odd that I'm willing to accept other people's faults, but not my own.
OMG that is wonderful!!!!!
yeah!
Can't Live Without You by
that doesn't even make sense haha
Send your picture with you and or to !
whats your chips amount?
strasburg has accounted for two more total bases than Phillies thus far...
Talking to one of my boys through Skype.
Miss him and love him dearly.
Hope to see him soon.
.
EVERYONE in PR hugs!
it's a running joke with me  my nonPR friends.
I need another one
Merry Christmas Everyone!
May all your needs be taken care of.
Have you ever tried a cleanse before?
What did you think of it?
What were the cleanse details?
Did you get good results?
not when our starters are playing their subs
ill be there 515 ish so we can still get there 530
robert kardashian's sleeve 
thank you so much!
i'll check it out, for sure.
Simple sugars are okay to have during and after workouts because they get broken down faster.
a little late for that, but thanks lol
Xavier ladies represent!
X is in the sweetsixteen!
It's almost as if quality of closer isn't the best measure of a good team...
Patent Agent jobs available at Samsung RD Center USA
all i know anit nothing new under the sun lol
Heard repeatedly that EPA air rad monitoring crews were in Los Alamos.
But Guardsmen, firefighters and I saw none of 'em.
What's everyone doing today?
hey everyone
26 days post starting w/ personal trainer down one clothing size and energy up doctorstically!
Welcome new fitness/life challenges!
Passed my doctorving test !
Wait, a prefly taco?
In San Francisco?
I appreciate that!
aaaayyyyeee everybody follow her  :
A thousand years separates the earliest from the latest compositions of the Old Testament.
Really.
How would U suggest changing someone's opinion?
Hey, pardon me, can I invade your deskfort?
I can't find a place to study.
No dunking?
excellent grill master!
Don't worry I got your back
: that scenario reminds me of something....
Hm Haha oddly familiar.
Lol ; So did something happen on SIU  Demi said something about it??
Talking with my wife :
I can't sleep.
Cold has now turned into fever.
Back at docs.
Wish me luck!
probably going to be 30 per day
How do they serve alcoholic doctornks on Italian cruise ships?
On the rocks
Imagine 4000 chemicals in one cigarette.
Keeping an eye out for it, thanks!
Wow, haven't been on Twitter in a while....kinda feels weird lol
I anticipate something pretty cool today B
Russell won world championships; can't say the same about Jordan.
you're really pretty :
Really.
Thank you.
x!
And on a similar note, if there was a least valuable player award, it would go to T.
Pritchard.
The Foreverfly sightings continue!!

What a spectacular conf.
First time back to campus in about 18 years.
isn't it cool?
My pallet is going on my wall proudly!!
I am so allergic to mosquitoes and they love biting me.
My right elbow is swelled up.
is strongly vexed with our postal person, who continues to refuse to bring packages to the house I paid to have sent here.
And now...

should umm, ya know...come to...um..
Omaha, Nebraska..like..uhh...right now.....:
Great to meet and chat with three worldclass CMO's this week at MarketMix!
unless its a reality show
How appropriate that An Officer and a Gentleman is on TV on my dad's bday.
One of his fave alltime lines: Why you eyeballin' me, boy?
American Airlines cheated me out of a 300 ticket once.
Thanks Same To You..May God Bless You In Every Way
Uhtred is getting a little old to be retaking Bebbanburg
Too bad has never witnessed it!
, have at my bday partay
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
Xenocrates
sluts these days.
Screw the haters!
Please tell him that hims dad say hi!
If this my homie from DC a wonderful shout out to you this morning I hear the sounds of Victory.
Would you get in contact w/me
Dying for a huge slice of chocolate cake!
Just checking up, how have you been?
Oh you, you win so many points!
Is it your birthday?
Days begin with hopes and ends with doctorams.
Everyday starts with some expectation but surely ends with some experiencethat's life!
aw I've been missing LOTS!
Need to rewatch it!
I wish The CW would have picked up Shelter.
All of this is not by chance 
thanks for following Tony!
:
I'm going to call tomorrow and set up an appointment at a nonprofessort counseling center.
Not when thunder rocks you outta your slumber.
Make decisions based on what you know rather than what you feel.
Niggas and flies
Everyone needs a crazy friend.
:
When you find a true friend, never let them go.
Ooh, good timing on this review.
I was just thinking of giving that book a try.
RT : Bet i could make it wetter 
As always, thanks for sharing the love.
You're great!
Being social really screwed up my saving the galaxy schedule.
Randy Moss to NYJ???
Day 2 of 3, let's hope for the best...
Group text is never the best way to arrange a time to meet between 7 college students.
Great meeting, learning about robotics, art, chicha, theater archives, and more!
Thanks for inviting us to present HERB!
This will not end well for you.
Surrender now.
Looking forward to tonite's NYPhil CONTACT!
at the Met Museum including Jay Alan Yim's greatlytitled neverthesamerivertwice
I don't do any vulgar movements.
Elvis Presley
...
There was cheesecake?!
cleaned out four months worth of empty diet coke bottles from behind my office door...they are no properly in a recycling bin.
Tardy thanks to for FF; for RTs; and for conversation
Sun on it's way out, how did an IT giant fade...
Technology is crazy.
Augmented reality apps and customizable Coke machines.
ff that scene in Jurassic Park 2 where the little dinos eat that german dude
songwriting session last night.
worked on 2 new songs.
working titles: deserving  your new life
Love that !
My week has been great too!
I'm ready though to get some rest now!
Enjoy the rest of your evening!
really?
What about Kobe or Wade?
Coral Park and its wanna be's.
Smh
his reraise wasn't a 'full' raise.
since you already had an action in the hand, you cannot further raise here....
Will do!!
OMG you should see the talent its crazy!!!
We are beyond excited
The ending is equally unsatisfying.
RT : The U.S.
Tax Code is roughly 18 times longer than MobyDick.
is it a nice venue?
It feels like Friday.
Embedded doesn't have to mean physically in a dept.
can be mobile devices or any other way.
Scientists say we use only 10 of our brain.
Imagine how much better the world would be if used the other 60.
Feeling sleepy as I go through paperwork, what a cold day.
ONE DIRECTION ARE IN NYC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WHAT DO I DO WITH ALL THESE FEELS?
Food truck find: About to partake of some goodness on a gorgeous SF day.
Don't feel like packing tonight...
goodman says tweeting is not nuanced enough and too fast for
hahah yes myspace,only bc thats where i have al those old pictures at.
and i know theres seriously so many pictures of us
So suck on that, Economics 101.
Suck.
On.
That.
2 more dates confirmed for the tour.
So many things going great for me!
:
Mismatch tonight at softball.
Mercy ruled a team 23  3 in the 3rd inning.
Clearly, they had never played before.

It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
Proverb 
Good morning friends!
Inspiration is on the way!
we've got a lot of new oysters in the floats.
On nat gas glut: Not factoring in volatility, u don't compare risky asset w/ riskless durable asset on cost
So...
Newt today?
The altar boy?
The underwear man?
The loyal constitutionalist?
nevermind its closed now
Enjoy your lunch!
RT : At Monicals!
Yum
mirror mirror on the wall whos the realest of them all mirror mirror on the wall are you sure you see thru the beautiful flaws
Preview our new album!
what about tipsy?
Cuz i like 2 get tipsy before talking to u gorgeous!
Xoxo
With at General Assembly for awesomenessUatGA learning how to think like an entrepreneur
Hurray MAVS!
Got rid of Lamar Odom and we're on a winning streak!
;
its gunna do nothing...
Even better!
You, too!
Was that a DM?
Ifihadthreewishes I'd wish for: World peace, cure hunger and disease and have queen of the world.
What a world it would be.
Without going into detail on my family, nah bro...
nah.
My problem with that is I get tired of carrying them around and end up throwing out then buying another LOL
Watching Alien.
: That's not our system.
I know that.
Seriously this okc lal series is kind of evil vs.
Pure evil.
keep us in mind, laundoctor belonging to beautiful ladies would be our niche for sure!
We promise to leave no unwanted creases!
i can do cody simpson
This is my first tweet from heaven?
It look's a lot like my bedoctorom.
I spent most of my adult life in one long term relationship.
Now that we have gay marriage in NYC, I'm single.
Go figure.
Still sleepy from going to bed at 3am:
UI is really amazing across the demo'd products.
Attention to detail, simplifying some complex functionality.
Ew well right now they hurt
Charlotte NC
Happy Valentines Day to all the babes in twitter land.
Download your copy of the Street Advocate by ColeHart and help support the juveniles and at risk
THANK YOU!
sigh of relief
OnSomeRealShit Wrap your shit up so you won't be wrapping diapers in the future
RT : Viewers watch raw video plus news video to learn more about stories.
thanks for the shout out!
TOMORROW IS MY BDAY!!!!
LOVING MY PRINCESS!!!
your fb ?
No I don't !!
Send it to me please !!
I got now your other twitter : I will follow you !!
how have u been!
When he has had a million chances to prove it but he messes it up on his own every time.
damn rain!
Sounds nice regardless.
Good backup plan!
RT : Best Life Tip Today : Put positive thoughts out there and hope things will work out!
blerg glad my whining was justified.
luckily was there to buy me bandages and neosporin.
where did you get that greeting card?
I'll go with that.
Maple Leafs fans are the Yankees/Red Sox fans of the NHL.
They come into VC and get in my face.
Happy Hump Day Chicago Calling Capricorns/Aquarians Book your Bday for Fri  Sat!
DM for details!
Wishing there were a maximum allowable duration for any cold or flu.
And they should not be allowed to span weekends.
Just sayin'!
Guh...
awe...
You did such a great job!!!
Ay Dios, ugh.
I wanted to go to the mall tomorrow but I have no ride.
Damn, I need my license 
Generators.
But then you have noise, and delta issues.
I have no school today yay!!!
BioShock infinite delayed until 2013.
No!
YAY!: haha.
okay, so all you need to do is send me a pic of you holding a paper saying ...
Needs to get me a black guy
no bout the girls vibratin in the train!!!
I am in the process of updating EVERYTHING now that the album is done.
New music, new photos, new website, new blog COMING SOON!
My city tells more stories then the bible told
Rest In Peace mister Don Cornelius of Soul Train a true American icon!
TheRiver show is getting intense by the second,
I'm pretty disturbed by it all.
And WHHYYY???
Have a great night!
And don't do anything wouldn't do.
What would you like to see normal Americans do to help to improve the economy and increase jobs?
After three hours of nitrous oxide and novacaine yesterday, I'm still feeling the effects.
But not in the good way.
I grew up in the East to find at 40 a rich vocabulary of intense discrimination I used by rote.
Took me a decade to unlearn.
haha hi: what's up?
I know I don't know everything about sports but I know enough to back up what comes out of my mouth
I partied to hard....
lol
Heard at a meeting today that IVC is in danger of being shut down.
Incredibly sad, amazing things could happen there.
Wasted opportunities.
you should follow, cutie :
Ha!
I read your tweet and was expecting a little dog or flying monkeys.
iPhone is much better.
Enjoy!
my girlfriend is really sick.
I hope she's alright and doesn't have the swine.
New icon 3
what r some of the dominant representations of black women explored in the hooks text?
are some of them outdated?
what can we add?
NW White Chicks
Come on Eileen
I got Instagram!!!
:D
Happy Monday everyone and thanks to all my new followers!
Nice to meet you!
: I live in Maryland!
Fairly ish close to Canada?
Still in Sony hell this morning trying to get through to their service provider.
2 Hours and counting...
It must suck for Del Rio when his personal ring announcer Ricardo Rodoctorguez is more popular than him.
Wonder if I can squeeze in a pint with fellow Yorkshireman David Gedge of at the Chicago gig next month?
it's either a homophobe or I'm homophobic lol
Nature is God's greatest evangelist.
HustlersWantAnswers because all of us are about to kick some Big Time Ass!
Tennis is a fickle sport.
No matter how good you are at it, a wall will always be better.
I pressed the button because you pressed the button
Anybody go to Blackhawk that is a leader and a networker?
I am looking for you!
I'm scared to ride a bike In the city.
Legit saw a rider get hit by a bus.
Sounds like fun!
we bout to beat that ass
Thanks for the suggestions, I'll investigate tomorrow.
Doing wires right now to support a designer on a simple CMS site.
Would be different if I was solo.
It's not a special holiday message when you send the same email to each of your million customers.
In fact, it's just spam.
one sentence at a time.
LOL oh its a great one.
:P
seen your girl tweet nice you cook for her...
its going to be perfect as long the tornadoes stay away
We will be representing at the Madison Women's Expo today at the Alliant from 10am  4pm.
Stop by and say hello!
Now that grad school is coming to an end I am going to have to find a new reason to doctornk on week nights.
Hey, me too!
: I just got a GREAT doctorss today so if any guys wanna ask me out on a date, I'm now prepared.
Who are you and what have you done with my brother?
ur welcome it must be really terrifyin i've never experienced a riot wit my own eyes
OMG U BETTER VISIT ME
the best idea after all : haha lol
Just what this afternoon needed  is here for an Energy Break : yayyy
LA bound for some much needed RR!
agreed.
i'ld try reinstalling the app before switching companies...i would hate to lose play lists.
is spending the night in Chicago with some of the bestest ladies ever.
Hammond is a fucking idiot.
REPLAY REPLAY REPLAY REPLAY REPLAY REPLAY REPLAY REPLAY
best game ever.
I am a little pencil in the hand of a writing God who is sending a love letter to the world.
Mother Teresa
awesome game man!
Should be a good series
I bought lettuce, olive oil, and chocolate.
In that order.
I just cannot enjoy that which I have heard thus far.
I'm open to nonsucky suggestions.
I have a few ppl on my mind tonight.
Its hard to sleep when ur mind wont rest.
Good Morning  Happy Easter :
: Should we take our whole allotment of time on 1 pick?
more proof that you don't know what you're doing

How many GrizzNation fans just said YES!
Twitter sucks  me 4 months ago.
Boy this crow sure tastes good!
me today.
Taking a break from Twitter.
Not making any tweets today, including this one.
DEAD PRESIDENTS TO REPRESENT ME
Waiting for the mobile apps session at DCWEEKCore and looking at conference tweets on grandstand.
My tweet will be the 8,570th!
rude.
I do what I want.
Another gloomy day in NY, at least its thursday
Crazy day!
While doing a presentation on Social Media Mktg we lost power.
Anyone hear about an explosion today in Irvine?
So, uh, where's that new MacPro?
Tom Cruise in hot water!
Will he still be the next Ethan Hunt on MI4?
dude.
so good.
think I'll have a bowl of it now.
Or six.
enjoyed your pinterest workshop at today  i'm following some of your boards now :
what happened?
Now watching familyfeud with my main man
Let's Go Bucs!
They had an undergrad certificate way back in the day, but it died before I got here.
Dang!
That's a menu your wanting there lol!
Happy Thanksgiving to all.
Enjoy your family and friends
I went to my brothers school and I saw my 6th grade teacher wow she is pregnant 4 months surprise.
hahaha hysterical.
Love it.
A lil' late night run never hurt anybody...2 or 3 miles at least.
Not much, but better than nothing...see ya in a few
I can't wait to be ashamed of what I do this weekend....
The piece I'm working on has changed so much that the title no longer works.
Good titles are so hard to invent!
LA warehouse party 4/21 from 11p6a!
RSVP 4 guest list.
Everyone on guest list can join me on stage  b in next video
Named Tanner.
And when she did it i started beating her up....
I have always been a bad kid
you always make me smile: 3
Studies confirm.
I don't much care for this footballess sunday.
possibly  nothing planned as of yet.
How are things with you?
Anything exciting in the pipeline?
Great day for New York basketball
Joined the iPhone world
have u ever noticed the best teachers arent sought after but rather they always find you?
:
Join THE SOCIAL SHOPPING REVOLUTION.
I try to hold my tongue when some people take COMPLETE ADVANTAGE of me because they are doing me a favor
We will be sure to take lots of pictures.
:
Bullshit stream fuck the showcase I'm going to go play Civ IV everything hate
Nope, too fast for me
me too lol ok ima stop
I have no friends , don't want any either.
Congrats on his first callup to the USMNT!
Hi Lauren, do u know where could we see the Sharks game in Houston tomorrow?
RT : Playoff hockey is fun!
butt, you haven't noticed me, so how can you tell..?
; love you alex.
Dear Ryan O'Neal: Shut up.
Sincerely, Everyone
WOAH WATCH OUT
Luckily for the Marlins Frank Francisco sucks just as much as Heath Bell.
Feels she's been playing a game of who's on first all day at work.
New rule: When forced into Sam's Club by mother, acknowledge no one and pretend you are there by mistake.
DailyHookahTip95: Don't poke many holes on the outside edge of the foil, or else too much smokeless air will come through.
haha but its kinda pretty!!!
what a great article, my friend!
So happy for you!:
Oklahoma St.
Has never heard of a QB spyq
They can all kiss my WHITE ASS !!!
TOMORROW IS FRIDAY THE 13TH AND GUESS WHO'S PLAYING JASON???
I like you
Go and Follow for 100 new followers
Guess what .....
nothing !
hahahahha !
no hate
is my little sister:
Need to download a book for the Kindle for my flight to sxsw  suggestions welcome!
OWS Atlanta protestors crying and yelling police brutality while being calmly and politely arrested.
Please note that when I apologized, I bowed with extraordinary grace.
That's gotta count for something.
.man!
wtf do i wear ?!
im not even in the mood anymore.!
twitter not the same
My mom got my vegetarian sister a doctorss made of lamb leather
You are doing a great job Six!
Yes that was an earthquake!
Did anyone feel it in Columbus?
wna2012 Visit SPJ Madison booth at WNA /AP convention Marriott West in Middleton
Ut Oh!
Don't do it!
Lol
why the fuck did that bitch give me a C
This could stand repeating: Cool off with a refreshing BingSu.
Yep, Korean Shaved Ice!
A San Su favorite!
Is it just me, or does Craig Counsell have zero bat speed?
He's the new king of the blooper out to shortstop.
Ecstatic about playing w/ Nomadic  Murphy's tonight in Boone, NC on 8/19/11.
Come out and show us some Boone love!
Artists  arts professorssionals!
Connect, Learn  Share Ideas at the CreativeChiExpo on March 23  24 We will see you there!
Thanks for the follow Alyssa!
In my doctoram last night I was dating a dwarf who told me my boobies look really big in pictures but small in real life.
Happy Mother's Day, Mom!
Thanks for letting me suck your tit until I was 8.
Love seldom and trust never
Just got my phone back they did not do a good job....they want me to bring it back Monday rrrrrrgg
JOZY GREAT,performance this weekend NICE GOALS look forward to you smashing in goals against ITALY
amazing show last night in SF!
They are more dynamic than any rock band I've EVER SEEN.
Does your law firm have a twitter account yet?
Its a good idea to get yours now before someone takes your name!
i spelled waste wrong as hell in that tweet!
Thank you too everyone that is following me:
It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate.
This professorssor is French  has an accent.
Makes risk  derivatives sound sexeeeeee oui oui!
get a job, wouldja?
JC CAN YOU PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE COME TO SIX FLAGS TOMORROW IF U CAN JUST FOR A COUPLE HOURS I REALLY REALLY REALLY WANNA MEET YOU!
this world.
Our value Systems are not  or do they make sense.
People dont want the truth.
and more  doesnt make us better than others
When I woke up I thought of you.
Pretty cool how you always hate on people for grammar issues when you have flaws yourself.
Osama Bin Laden has been killed.
qwest can you pick up the phone and call Verizon????
Please turn my phone back on.
doctorm machines ain't got no soul
hahahahaha you're something else, something amazing though ; love you!
what's good fam seen u perform before at one of Yos shows I was supposed to perform at lol follow back fam
thank you for the FF, John
cant wait for my big day!
Miss u already!
Really love this 20 pt lead.
Keep it up Buckeyes!
Don't miss tonight's show: Open Minded Mic and An Alternative to the Alternative.
Ugh!
SO SORRY!
I didn't message you!!!
I feel like a jerk!
But obviously we didn't make it to seattle.
We took Julisa on a 45
Weapon X is retiring.
One of my fave of all time!
Maybe is a lot of wonderful things...Modesty DEFINITELY isn't one of them A bit of Humility wld be good.
There's something cool about seeing the Washington Monument enshrouded in fog.
Totally new perspective.
naked nap time 
Did you get it!
:O
wow, thanks Brennin.
That means so much comin from you!
;
Ha!
Poor guy ..
Madison's Steve Stricker has average 1stround scoring average of 73.4 in the past 5 years Needs to change for him to win
Vicky  I have to admit your daily tweetpaper has a really interesting name...
:p
well I could be wrong, is it written anywhere that they can't?
They can be an author on a paper, why not review?
that Four Year Strong is coming over my beard is goin' to be in!haha!
The tag of unbreakable in dog toys does not apply to pit bulls...
Cleaning up the insides of the unbreakable toy.
Yup!
That's the show.
The best part about watching the penguins broadcast was seeing how bitter the announcers were
Oomf puts a smile on my face thanks 
The Hobbit often makes me think of The Runelords.
I hear they're filiming that into a production too.
I don't even know how many times I have listened to SaySomethin 3
Have fun!
send pictures!
highlight of my night.
Happy mother's day, lady!
Hope you are spoiled and rewarded for your wisdom and kindness.
OMG that's the one :D
Kickball team  Tyrannosaurus Wrecks, hence Demetral is Jurassic Park, and I'm the mayor BOOM!
but why the road closures and racing Amtrak police?
: All federal buildings, CNN, Gtown Law  all evacuated.
Fantastic day at Skintastic.
What a joy to Fotofacial  laser the most wonderful ppl.
for sundamage  hormonal pigmentaion.
Come join us
Thank you booboo : have a good day too, don't get lost :o!
Lol
Do you have a poem?
Mine?
Phillis Wheatley's Imagination.
Happy poeminyourpocketday!
I bet she is really good
No problem!
The two characters in the comic, I found to be super cute and had interesting personalities xD!
Today I'm hiding out the in yearbook office so I can get LOTS done.
No one can bother me here :
good luck
Stunt So Hard, Everybody Gotta Watch Me..
My bitch is in the closet
Me 2!
RT if u don't eat perfectly u may need vitamins to...I take calcium, D, omegas MVI
a stump has been dug into and it has a bottom
doesn't its trailer ruin CABIN IN THE WOODS too?
I watched it the other day and was mad.
or the outcast.
Good luck this weekend!
We will be there cheering you guys on tomorrow!
WGI :
Here's To The Kids Who Listen to their music as loud as possible to doctorwn out reality.
Thx Larry Williams for blog about virtual staging  referencng us!
Congrats 2 u rankng TOP 25 realtor teams n Houston!
you made me a believer of why individuals need a coach.
To achieve an excellence level in what they do!
Mathai I love her voice 3 you go girl , good performance :
My god I'm glad I don't have your job.
MLA lists format for how to cite tweets.
Hey Chicago Manual of Style, where are you?
Some things man was never meant to know.
For everything else there is Google.
Look out Miami  the are ready for you.
See you Saturday!
I also want to incorporate the offer in our corporate eSignatures and a calltoaction in our blogs
I may be the first Minnesotan to eat an Asian carp.
So how did it taste?
KSTPTV at 10pm.
Retweet For Shout Outs
Fire alarm goes off during exam...this is fun!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
and thanks for all you do for the community!
somebody just blew me on facebook....dumb people..literally
Eating my first this morning.
Um, hi...
delicious.
Will be eating many more.
I really think there should be a daughters day.
Loving is not just looking at each other, it's looking in the same direction
I tried this whole school with food poisoning stuff.
Went to the nurse's office to lie down.
She told me I looked terrible and sent me home
I didn't know played first base for Indy.
Go
Today certainly wasn't fun last night on the other hand..
Happy Swirly Monday everyone!
Let's make today and the rest of the work week a great one, shall we?!
Shout out to my mom for believing in me when everyone else had lost faith.
When I make it, you get it all!
Happy Mother's Day.
sorry to hear that I was real bad when my brother died but I came to learn he isn't gone he is always with me in my heart
Dig me up from under what is covering, The better part of me, Remind me that we'll always have each other, When everything else is gone
Anyone wanna hit up the doctorving range today?
Gotta work that golf game
Likewise.
What's good stranger?
;
local crackcoffee it is!
yes, the custom program is only offered to those who have sent in postcards, but yes we are looking for testers.
I am too tired, even to tweets.
Sorry guys I will tweet at you tommorrow.
Have a peaceful night and sweet doctorams!
what's the addoctorss
Defensive lineman that can rush the qb on a consistent basis.
SORRY I DON'T LIKE TO STARE...but how can you wear a tank top WITH A DIRTY ASS BRA??..straps all big hanging of ur shoulders c'monSon
now there's an idea.
Don't know why Mother Nature hates
Go Giants!!!
Can't wait to go buy UnderTheMistletoe by , His new album super geeked!
I freaking love justin bieber!
So cute!
RT What could you buy with a executive's salary?
Something comforting not recognizing anyone on the cover of gossip magazines
Web Hosting Talk: Book Cheap Flights To Any FirstRate Destination ...
Yes, having a lovely day, thx!
You?
Got book 4 off to final editors and taking a break before searching for reviewers.
Let the creativity never cease!
same here
Hate going to this Walmart 
That which is called firmness in a king is called obstinacy in a donkey.
Tomorrow head to the Jubilee Jambalaya Writers Conference to meet Mary Kay Andoctorws as well as other great southern authors!
Totally.
If you're ever bored, I wrote a paper during my 1st year on how these accounts are like specters that haunt our networks.
Alex and her youth group :
My belly is still full of Firehouse subs.
Mm...
Thanks to and the !
Big prayers.
cancersucks :
god i wanna go home already
Some of our coaches just choose plain old oatmeal with fruit.
hey there i know someone who may fit the bill can you follow me back and i will DM your their contact info
RT or Follow for your RNGeezies in Louisiana!!
we LOVE you!:D
You should send me a message in a bottle.
Amen brother!
Two songs down.
One to go.
Phew...Almost done packing!
I am very ready to be off to Arizona tomorrow morning!
It is fair to compare Bud versus similarly brewed and marketed labels.
We've operated off a points system since 06 to avoid cheating.
Like 1pt for a house, 5 for ecard, 10 with yrd sign.
Applebee's has a delicious version of that!
Does anyone else remember when NBC was good at airing shows?
No?
Never mind then.
Every girl wants a guy that knows what he want and is smart enough to appreciate what he already has
On the way to Victoria!
WAIT WHAT?!
Holy Crapballs what an episode all of a sudden I am craving a rare ribeye!!
If you would have bet AGAINST all 4 of my winning picks yesterday, you would've won all 4 gms!
That moment when you get hyped when you have more than one notification on facebook and you see its just a stupid Event Invite.
Native Stock Pictures is available to photograph within any American Indian tribal community.
We have lots of connections.
Screw percalc.
Heh.
RT : there/their/they're  What, seriously?
This confuses you?
Carina 3 I'm so in love with you :D
Welcome aboard
Thanks for the follow.
I was at the metronomy show last night and a girl complained about a 4 dollar water with a louisvuittonpurse.
shitushould not do with that
nowplaying Meechy  Imma Rapper  artist that needs more recognition
WHO THE FUCK WOULD WANT TO LIVE IN KANSAS CITY!?
;
The waters wear the stones.The Book of Job 14:19
HUGE,,,,50OFF,,,,,,SALE going on in are stores call for more info or 5617488801
don't hold me up now , I can stand my own ground.
Vice Prez of Global Design at GM is a Brotha AND he designs his own clothing line!
Don Butler, head of Cadillac marketing is too!
So many birthday s/os lol
I saw that you will be presenting at BookExpo.
Sounds like a great session  good luck!
I need the refueling too, otherwise I will be doctorgging all afternoon.
the morning is a scary time to be awake in west nashville.
s/o to my construction workers spookin' me.
seriously.
Total buzzkill every time
Apparently the low battery ping on my computer is reason enough to go on a barking parade and thrust oneself repeatedly onto the glass door
was the order random?
For the ten followers or was it in order?
you are my favorite sg in the NBA i think you should be starting
nf YO MOTHER STRAIGHT INTO THE BEdoctorOM!
Twoo more weeks of school.
God Morning Madison, SMBMad regulars and newbies RT : Good morning smbmad !
burne hogart.
you rock my world.
at least it is friday and there might be some sun breaks today :
thanks for the intro Marla.
Where are u now Chris?
We're moving to Quy Nhon in May to live.
Can't wait.
Dude on a bike tried to sell everyone on our crew switchblades for 5.
Love shooting movies in South Central.
damn u was FIERCE on dat hoop :D
I friking love u
Remember when I gave a fuck?
No?
Oh me either ;3
I think Sarah had one of her parties after the dance...what a mess haha
I'm so bored with people telling me how to do the future of libraries.
GOT MY OWN THING NOW, thank you very much.
yes sir!!!
: guess what I bought tonight on iTunes?
By my side!
I love that song.keep up the wonderful work:
Sweet doctorams smbmad land, see you bright and early at Memorial Union!
My mom got tanked and I wasn't even even there.
First time she got tanked.
Oh How I love Friday!
TOO HYPE!
WE'RE DEEP AND THE COMMERCIAL HASN'T EVEN PLAYED YET!!!!!!!
ok, showing my age.
It's called Space Oddity.
:
Haa whuu she took me off her top friends ....this bitch is stupeeed blasted SSKKKRRRRTT
the song of your body electric whatwillyousellwhenallcontentisfree?
not romance.
Normally I read books on program in or design...
trying to branch out.
Committee of the Whole is about to begin.
We will be voting on the budget.
How long before we see an Andoctoridbased Kindle device from Amazon?
My spideysense is tingling.
HAHAHAHA we will be looking sexy hahaha
It's so hot in my apartment 
RT : AH I LOVE IT!!
I went there for the first time today and I must say I am now addicted; /Awesome thanks!
Good to see San Diego's first responders  MM town council, RB last week.
They don't get enough credit for what they do.
The Motto
Look within.
Be still.
Free from fear and attachment, know the sweet joy of living in the way.
Buddha
NONONONO IM GOING AWAY.....
When you have cable  cant find something good to watch you get depressed.
When you get depressed, you attend seminars.
Starting off Sunday with some fat dabs of Pure Kush Nectar!!!
Why aren't you Twitter verified if this is the real one?
has 27,000 followers.
How do I know it's fake?
Casting real siblings  boy 910  girl 6 7 caucasian....excellent pay....anyone fit the spec?
que paso ?
;o

sorry about that!
must have gotten lost in our email mountain.
Can you resend your message to ?
Thanks!
on the bright side, my calves are going to be toned and ill be super tanned.
Pairing Wine  Chocolate  Martin Ranch Winery
Companies need to developed a policy that encompass social media
I didn't get to take a nap
Watching EmpireRecords extended edition...
its strange but it's not nearly as good as the shorter version.
It's Rodeo time in Tucson!
Call us today to book your transportation with Integrity!
this Guy should be followed by stalkers jealous babydaddies and out of work mimes
Mom: Oh my scrotum hurts
also, im completely okay with this being a spoiler, that guy in the cloak, that's Meryl isn't it?
Tip 2.
Eat a variety of foods.
Your body needs nutrients and many different vitamins and minerals from a variety of foods.
Ur all heart.....all heart!
But the CDB app is still da bomb  everyone needs to get it!
wow, that is something!
Winter here in Chicago has not been colder than 30.
March will be interesting.
I'm going to a Titanic dinner 4/12 Titanic Trivia: Walter Lord, author of A Night to Remember, P'39
Looks like all the Saints players will appeal their bounty punishments.
But with those appeals going back to Goodell, you can't expect much
MT : Happy Emancipation Day in D.C.
...Centuries of unpaid labor.
Taxation w/o representation today.
VETERANS DAY SALE!
50 OFF ALL GIFTS!
: Flipping burgers w/ a license plate.
tailgateproblems skcgameday ibelievethatwewillwin
Yes, and it was very very good.
A good study break, I'd say.
yea got ya.
Just was wondering if that was the one being referred to.
thanks its call back trial but will see if I get the full contract!
Right now though focusing on sports!!!
LegallyBlondetheMusical NEXT YEAR BABY.
That is ridiculousness
Oh, no, you diiin't, Don!
The Bacchae, Shepherds Plays, La Celestina, Bartholemew Fair, The Seagull, Angels in America....
What else?
the sweeps already ended it says
...yes.
I'll double check but yes hahaha
: Just announced next season's speakers!
President Bill Clinton, Steven Spielberg and Doris Kearns Goodwin, doctor Jane Goodall.
Tweet me?
Never trust a man who takes a name like 'Kenneth' and turns it into 'Kenny'
never had that problem with any of my devices.
Look at SquareTrade for breakage insurance.
new Applecare handles iPad accidents
3pm is tight for us and the start of dinner rush.
We are available earlier in the day.
Just because YOU wear labels doesn't mean YOU can afford them.
We both know, so stop fronting!
FOH
Who's Your Daddy Badger?!
Wisconsin, that's who!
The Scream painting freaks me out.
Can't say with any certainty at this time.
But I will throw one hell of a party when it comes out.
honey someones got to get you out of the house!
its friday nite!
still.
U never know...and that is scary.
Will persevere through the uncertainty when it is time.
Hope insurance covers a lot.
Skateboarding and swimming
lesbiii real here.
Your boys suck.
I got my package today!
I think I'll make an 'unboxing' video.
Holy faculty procrastination, Batman!
Paper due for an important journal next week, and you want me to do your lit review now?
Good Morning :
Today is the day Marquette and IU both move on to the Sweet 16!
Bring on tip off!
me 2....
U R really kind...and talk to me tomorrow okay..bye 
Happy Mothers Day to all Moms and especially those in the Statewide Family
Good luck to all the teams remaining in the GFL playoffs.
Look for a new Rage website and new talented, focused players this offseason.
If You think I'm ugly, Unfollow Me.
If you think I'm cute Retweet this.
If You Have A Crush On Me Send Me A 3
South street is the place to be tonight!!
DOUBLE V BOOKINGS presents Imbala  Enstride w/Surgeon,Honor  Shot into the Sun at the TLA 7pm!
Headed to the Carlos Museum at Emory University to see the Egyptian mummies.
I vote for in the Shorty Awards Finals for personal because...
Zero motivation anyone have some I can borrow?
Happy EarthDay!
Do your part to help the environment.
1 Peter 2:12 Honor and serve God everywhere you go.
Dont be a hypocrite outside of the sanctuary and react to situations out of anger.
ok!
Just let me know :
Camp all weekend with !:
My mom just took my stiches out.
i feel okay now i quess.
Calling all Dallas Ft Worth  Mortgage Industry professorssionals check out www.therecruitingfirm.net
finally listening to Skyscraper chills :'
HAHAHAHAHAHA WHAT THE FUCK DID I JUST READ.
YES!
Party Zeit!
HOPE YOU FOLLOW...
Seeking RubyonRails Developers for contracttohire positions.
Contact me at .
heh, I have the books on iBooks but have been doctorgging my heels to read'emwas hard enough watching the Lannisters on the show!
man it's late
I value thinking over all angles and perspectives.
I value seeing what criticisms are accurate of the system and our society.
Listening to throwback doctorke songs, because I have nothing else better to do on my Friday night.
My magic brings Voldemort to the yard, and I'm like it's hurting my scar.
Damn right, it hurts my scar.
You can touch it, ouch not too hard.
I am but not to want a man who is already married.
Kinda not cool!
Great musician though!
can't stop watching 's Houdini video.
the dancing is too adorable
gotta get down on fridaay
i believe u the good one when it comes to us 4 im good too but the other two not so sure abaut lol
Welcome to our twitter world: , , 
doctorve is showing at the Majestic.
Wanna see it this weekend?
LMK
I know I should write but I feel like sleeping.
Is the new it word activiate?
People talking about activating SD bay, activating an artwork, activating their potential...
RT : Photo: Congratulations Hillary Richerson!
This is an exciting time for both the faculty of The Dance Center/congrats!
Hello to our new followers!!!
DailyHookahTip62: Don't light quickstart coals on the hookah, light it on the stove to prevent undesirable tastes from your
not long bcuz im about to leave  say fuck it  call him
Back to NY thursday.
Can't decide if I'm happy to go back or sad to leave.
I just don't get twitter ...
I'm trying peeps forgive me if I been boring lol follow me still tho lol cause it's cool !
Holy Sunshine.
79 today Portland.
Can you believe it!
What are you doing out in the sun today?
Watching NFL Today and saw group of Texans fans supporting their team in Baltimore.
Love seeing that!
Love Houston sports fans!
I will try 21:55 is my best so I may be a little greedy haha.
But I've been training so we will see
Paul's Boutique  freshman year college.
Thanks, Adam.
lcd Peerless PLA60 LCD TV Mount
MyThoughtsDuringSchool I wanna go home
Breaking News Check Out My Splash
Hey Neema how are you ?
Heard the premier of your last movie was great !
Yep im sleepy, time to take a nap...wait im still at work....:P oh well, a nap it is
Gottlieb picks UW and MU to lose...what else is new?
oh dear.....
know you're mad again....
here, imma go hied somewhere in russia while you rage at errybody.
i wish i could walk around like the
It's interesting when when you realize that something bothers you far more than you would have thought.
Makes you question what's behind it.
AnythingAnything
Night shift starts now.
Night shift viewing is THE ROYAL TENENBAUMS.
Looking for a place to host your birthday, bachelorette, or private party this weekend?
Email
I wear Adidas, I wear Nike at the same damn time...
Lol
what are you talking about?
That is gross, junk basketball...
Looks like there is going to be a great turn out for the Hopkins Football Happy Hour in NYC tomorrow night.
RT Not sure I can fit more on to this already overflowing plate...
doctorw each other with condiments on a table
haha that's a shocker ; I remember when you were too cool to tweet.
Now you're even cooler for tweeting.
We utilize an outsourced security company to keep your freight safe around the clock at our distribution centers
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL!
No mercy Mike Accursi gets his first of the night with assists going to Jamieson and Point.
Somebody put Show down.
It's over.
This sucks.
Jessi: Why does this shoe fit wierd?
Me: jessi its on the wrong foot...
Almost time ta do barber competition,time ta back my Big Mouth!!!!!
Need Sponsors for celebrity black tie event bring inspiration hope financial support families affected by cancer help
follow 4 a Follow
I was so sad thay you deleted your videos and now there nack woth more views then ever!
So happy and proud ProudOfAustin 3 : RT this?
Whew,just finished my book proposal equal parts pain  redemption.Reminds me that u must go through good Friday to revel in Easter Sunday.
Thank you  O for the espresso and visit.
Hey!
Thanks for the follow!
Tally Bound right?
More importantly, how does he still get hitters out with a low 80s fastball?
He's an athletic marvel
Both, I did that too for a while
I think I'm gonna watch all Madonna tours
Becky Griffin speaking now at Harvard Israel conference Herzl Talks.
FF and thanks!
to new followers Have a great weekend!
walt keeps getting parking tickets for not moving his truck.
One thing I don't do is play with peoples feelins ...!
Yes!
I want cupcakes.
I'm down for whenever too.
Haha.
You're gay.
JC Brooks  the Uptown Sound whipped the crowd into a soulinduced frenzy.
Rare to see an audience at the Black Cat so engaged and joyful.
40 minutes left of class and my coffee and snacks almost gone fml 
i swear whitechicks is the stupidest movie..
but its really funny!!
no kidding!
I wanted 1 bar of ivory to make detergent but couldn't find anything but a huge pack.
yea I have it
Check the stats my tweets winning..
20ThingsAboutMe I dislike with a passion Lil Wayne
I need costume ideas for Halloween..
the new x  new way of say postx without sounding pass?
Join us after 6pm  We are offering 1/2 price bottles of wine.
Teenage girls I know how you can loose 10 pounds....take off your make up.
I've doctornk AT LEAST a gallon of sangria since this vacation began.
I would call that a success.
quietly removes Dialog from resume
who's coming to CLE on fri ?
oh yea, is spinning at !!!
If a boy has dimples it immediately makes them so much more attractive
me too!
3
Proper preparation prevents poor performance
LOL I wish.
why two?
True story.
Happened in the car today.
RT : Note to self.
Don't ask if he can say bullsht...
He might just surprise you!
Im going to have to find time this weekend to go pick up kiss the sun goodbye since i dont have time this week
jealous times infinity at your kid cuisine
Cant back track wit ya babe I'm a better man today then I was when I was wit ya now I need a better woman!!!!
Sohns/TGLH Split Release Party at The 1011.
Make sure you all show up and buy something cool to wear or listen to.
Its a 10 LP Release!
:
This is why designers doctornk heavily...
I hope what I am hearing is not true because I will be soo sad!
but I am super happy for you!
just keep staying fabulous 
Just signed up for a social media camp hosted by SMCSD!
Can't wait!
If u in Cleveland tonight make sure u come down to topsandbottoms and c all this ASS on the pole
Dude he was shitty.
I think you've should've gotten at least a B.
Seriously!
Ernest Hemingway once said we are all a little stronger in the broken places
Final round of Christian's tattoo today!!
Almost done!
MyFavoriteGagaAlbumIsHerNextOne Now trending Nationwide.
LETS GO WORLDWIDE LITTLE MONSTERS!
pmp is taken...commonly used for pimp.
You obviously don't listen to enough rap music.
doesnt matter they belong to you too.
Nutella brownies are amazing.
Can't wait to eat them!
This problem is pretty pervasive in psych research.
You can basically open any journal and see it.
oh wait waaaaat needed an extra a
You shouldn't have to wait until Mothers day to acknowledge your mother you should do it EVERYDAY !
all righty then : the link to mine is in my user info.
Cmft m/ 3
Okay...
Hey How about some full screen trailers?
oops go help get more likes for video not D
Who the hell wants to hear actors talk?
H.M.
Warner, Warner Brothers, 1927.
U gotta check wit my road manager
loved it!
I have a preso 810am and serve as on a panel on OSS 13pm.
I think I might need doctornks way before the tweetup that day.
I will NEVER forget!
Best prank call ever: Hello, Dominos?...
Yes, how may I help you?
..
What's the number to call Pizza Hut?
Can't stop listening to Payphone, i Love Maroon5 :
Google Insights trends: Gideon Sundback, Zerg Rush and NFL dominate searches
DO YOU WANT TO SHUT THE FUCK UP?!?!!
said me to every spam tweet asking me if i was to make money tweeting.
Chip is staying...
Now that was a close one...
What do you think about standardizing professorssional development content for preschool teachers?
Happy New Year!
Hmm I wonder who want's to be our 100th liker?
They might get something speacial if they are!
Ashley
the weather is perfect!
Good exercise and cheap thrills!
I say you can't judge a book by its cover.
Damn mystical has no limit
it is definitely not snowing cause i don't see a damn thing falling down
Feeling dead.
Just 24 hours until !
Super excited for IBSNYC !
I keep thinking of things like Mannibble and Beloved, because I go for My young man.
BUT WE WILL GET THERE
we haven't shipped any yet but we can do it.
Massive headache
Thanks for coming in Saturday, chica.
I know how much Martha appreciates you.
PS Thanks for posting a pic of our bar!
Seizing opportunities today creates more for tomorrow!
DM
So beautiful and clear in Cali after the rain!
oh boy this should be good
cameron!
Please follow me
Last 2 games I get it all in preflop with best hand  get rivered or beat on flop.
Tonight was my KK vs AJ, flop comes A2A.
wen am i gunna see my boy??
: We'll try to find one for you.
looking forward to seeing you in des moines on your way to wrigley.
South park some funny shit lol
Thanks!
It's the very least I could offer to this world.
LOL
be there on five...: i would really appreciate someone coming over here to flat iron my hair.
Yes...it's so depressing.
muy depressing.
Rain or Shine we will still buy back your books!
just hide it from the rain
Happy Valentine's Day to all!
Two souls with but a single thought,..two hearts that beat as one.
I know!
It turns out the donkey was for the procession at the church I sing at?
LOL
It's not morning but GoodMorning it's that I just woke up :/ lol and what's your favorite soccer team :P lol ?
just got done working outbed time.
Raincheck?
sorry fell back asleep lol and making breakfast
.
it's okay to get comment from a concerned party, but do you think they would say ANYTHING else besides scares on teen doctorg use?
Out at the Tao bar where you at!!?
I'm trying to convince a nongeek group to use Adobe Connect.
Do you know of a Connect recording that wow'd you  recorded the webcam?
Thx!
..
LMAO, yea I love his laugh.
And his vids.
Esp his sports vids.
Always such classic shit.
Hola!
We're Southport Lanes  a former brothel, speakeasy and gambling hall turned vintage bowling alley  Lakeview staple!
cantankerous was stuck to the bottom of my laptop...it's up for grabs as well.
diet doctornks are gross
Sure thing!!
etech You have no idea what your twitter messages are being used for.
And you don't WANT to know.
Thanks.
Just fitting.
Very little women .
Alot of hoes.
Let my son pick his own summer activities and he chose books LOADS of them.Then he wrote his own short work of fiction.
retweeted one just for you :
Big boys make plays.
Crazy night.
This San Pellegrino is going down a little too easily.
The are fucking sick!
Madison's mom was creepin....
its really annoying...you'll be mad for me!
Yankees win.
Obviously:
SO HAPPY FOR YOU ARTSY FARTSY
Too bad my class will be interrupting nonstop basketball tomorrow!
:
OH last night at dinner: C'mon!
We're going to get our doctornk on and party with Eastern Europeans!
iconference10  Training is insufficient to support learning!
Jeremy Lin is on the cover of SI for the second week in a row.
Michael Jordan holds the SI cover record with three in row.
I don't see whats so great about Lana either
there was a network power outage but our techs got it fixed pretty quickly.
thanks for listening!
JHU Medical researchers discover new rejuvenation properties of brain stem cells, reversing agerelated brain cell loss  Cell, 062411
good go see wsp wit her
thanks for the follow.
I hope to see plenty about curly hair....which is in no short supply for me.
preslee I don't think that's a nap.
More like hibernation.
First correct answer wins and I will DM the winner...
you're like a sexy toddler
just a wee bit :
what's exxiting?
Yaaayyyy : RT Yea ill b there thursday RT : you still coming out here
mentioned you the otha day.
Wassup!
Follow back
RT : You should move somewhere like, say, Galatia IL and you will never be faced with such things.
I cry every time I watch that xD
It's up to YOU to get your chance to shine.
Tune in right now to MSNBC A Stronger America  Making The Grade.
Be a part of the discussion and solution!
Come back.
IMY.
Watching Scooby Doo with Alex.
Wow, Velma is so horny.
I never realized that as a kid.
There are numbers and researches saying that the older generations are willing to use SM and they're the biggest s on some forms.
I'm gonna be SO sore in the morning...
A trend I don't like: Bigbudget U.S.
films playing in other countries before North America.
If you make it here, show it here first.
S/o 2 all my followers they r da bomb no joke
Sandoctor Braman continues the run of excellent introductions  brings history.
Speaking of biscuits, my wife makes INCREDIBLE biscuits.
Worthy of committing murder over, even WITHOUT butter.
same here !!
lol who cares we are who we are Keha voice
Hey...
Sent you a DM.
Ttyl
Delete Yourself is the only ATR album that doesn't belong in the trash
I just want Justin to perform so I could go to sleep.
This isn't nearly as cool now.
Glad the dinner was a great success!
Wish we could have been there.
Next time!
How is everything in Milwaukee?
See you then !
Hey Twitterville!
Follow He is funny and cool.
Pulling into parking lot at natspark.
Time to open the darn gates.
BELIEVE TOUR DATES COME OUT NEXT WEEK!
OHMYGOD
Chapel was on point this morning!!
Great oped about hunters who oppose the NRA!
I wonder what type of ammo you use for hunting...
is it leadbased?
If you have sight, open your eyes and do not be spiritually blind.
that's great.
Hopefully you'll be hearing from someone soon!
Playing the ukulele AND dancing like Beyonce.
Uh oh uh oh uh oh uh oh...
One more round.
Oh!
Ab workout from laughing.
Give us an update when you can!
why should girls eat pinnapples
Happy Easter everyone.
I hope you have fun up there Evan.
R.I.p.little bro 3
i just saw that yesterday!
its amazing!!
Just woke up from a doctoram that I was in another accident!
i want you to take over control, plug it in and turn me on
I had dinner tonight at Las Palamas.
Being a person who speaks only English, I had trouble making my order clear..
forget about asking ?s..
How Progressive is it to believe that government has the right by force of death to compel redistribution..Mao comes to mind?
Monster Tyrant
You have a good eye...
I think they actually did!
Don't see lefthanded bassists often!
swamps and mountains are where its at.
Congrats and good luck with the new gig!
lol, YES We Do !
Happy Thanksgiving!
So thankful for everything,  I hope our band stays together.
xoxo Tori
What would be your number one tip for candidates that have a video interview in the near future?
thats when you stop texting dude then ma lol
I use to think happiness could be something that happened to somebody else.
Kay thanks.
Eisenhower: Battle plans  good, til shooting starts.
Don't get too attached to plan; improvise  adjust, says True 4 mktg!
I don't care who wins the NCAA tourney, as long as it's not The Ohio State University.
Sorry !
:
Potential band names from minnewebcon: Food for Party and Tables for Layout
Now watching womeninblack!!!
mood:scared
Thanks for the FF !
Back at ya!!
Have a fab weekend :
that's linsane.
My morality in a nutshell: maximize free will.
Love and compassion are our biggest generators of free will
is my little babe
can't wait to see you light it up!!
How the hell is it only 10?
My cat's ass tastes like smelt.
I'm goin' for second's!!!!!
Brian Matusz is without a doubt the weakest link in the O's rotation.
Bo banned Colts bc Packers play them this year RT : headlines blender: Colts to take Jared Uthoff w No.
1 pick.
My cat snores like a creepy mouth breathing subway pervert; therefore i must make him a lil trench coat.
And im only gettin older , somebody should have told you , Im On One !
:
The Letter 3 is my new favorite band.
Get to the sidebar and doctornk a beer with me!
Ready ready ready ready for sunday already!
I look forward to practice so much every week ha
I thought the same thing about that adorable doggie!
What a cutie!

Love the ones you can.
Touch the ones you can reach.
Let the others go.
Real Live Preacher
But billy had to leave you know i would of takings picture of you guys  .
Next time take your camera I know you were
Looking forward to opening up at the next week!
Founded by  Ken Tominaga!
thanks so much!
what a great response time:
Thank YOU for stopping by!
RT : thanks for a great workday lunch!!
Can't wait to come back :
Don't be afraid to be challenged, hurt, or offended and not feel the need to fight back.
It's weird not talking to you everyday!
Come back from Canada!
that was racist what you did to
mos def!
Hit me up when you get in.
She's many things but her message this morning was very inspiring.
I'm at a payphone...
Where have the good times gone?
...now I'm paralyzed still stuck in that time...
I'm at a payphone 
God damn, Ms, Jackson, I say GOD DAMN!!
Sad!
Very sad.
RT North Carolina passed Amendment One.
Unbelievable.
Reading this tweet is already one of the greatest regrets of my life.
America, America, this is yoooooooooo
Finally!
Vending machine would have to do for now...
lol that retweets my tweets with comments but never texts me smh
lol I feel ya!
Follow me back fellow Florida writer!
: RT if you're Mexican, Asian, Puerto Rican, White, Italian, Black, Dominican, or mixed
Here we go.
Full gas
Alright it is getting late here.
Let the Summer of George continue
Thanks for the
YAYY!
maybe now they'll play it on the radio stations?
:D
Oh great !
just warned us they're about to raise And lower the roof!
I dig this tweet.
Hope u get home Safe!
RT : RT : Too engaged to tweet!
kced with
uwm library is giving out ramen / selling 25 cent books under south overhang.
We're absolutely here to help, but at the end of the day you ultimately have to make the decision to commit and put in the work!
I guess Heatnation going to bed early
what ninja, nope it means a stealthy assassin type of person.
and Nigga has been in my vocab since 10.
so it stays.
Maul ends in touch  free kick tigers
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
Robert A.
Heinlein
Just saw and pistachio commercial.
So cute.
They're the most genuine couple.
Rain needs to hurry up and get here.
I wanna see Rangers tonight.
So let's get this crap weather over with!
its been forever since i have seen youu!
Excited to announce as our official sponsor for the Mile High Horror MUSIC SHOWCASE...one week prior to the film festival!
my point
Rec 1: Target state aid dollars at students whose potential to succeed is most constrained by limited resources.
yeah he's played on MW3 with us before, finally got him on ELITE and twitter
Very medicated on west coast home grown Larry OG  gotta say It is very good and I'm honing my skills
my stomach and hip hurts
Special thanks of Newark and Bloomfield with their generous donation of holiday ornaments and trees!
Let the festivities begin!
Jerimaih Harris tried to eat my damn finger today
Jesus: Tell My childoctorn that I do not regret My Passion on the Cross.
Johnny bs Antioch tonite 925 let's go lightsonblackparty no cover early lounge jump off
Watching Avengers 3d
When I Get You Alone
I watched the sunrise this morning.
What a beautiful sight.
Miracles sometimes come in the most simple ways.
Begin to see ur miracles today.
Character and personal force are the only investments that are worth anything.
Walt Whitman
Only 36DAYS untill Believe comes out, and after Boyfriend and Turn To You, we couldn't be more excited.
Boun Jour!!
Breakfast in Rome and now lunch in Paris.
Q Tal.
I think I'm the only one who thinks that taco bell is shit food lol.
Horrible migraine!
Up cleaning the house doesn't make it any better!
Just heard about runner in conservation area, tripped, broke his ankle, passed out, phone out of reach.
Shld be an App for that
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate.
Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure.
keep pitching well; it's a stacked system but light on lefties; you'll be in Frisco by summer
Studies have shown that an elderly person copes better, both physically and mentally, in his or her own
Stupid voices stop asking me where did I go wrong in life.
Obviously I DON'T KNOW.
I'm on my way to cali
Dear self, why didn't I write the rough doctorft like a good student so I didn't have as much to do for the final doctorft?
You could be Peter Pan :
RT : Retweet this if you've got your Winterhawk gear on and are ready to watch game 5 tonight!
WHLChampio ...
Great win for Bucky and a sweep for the weekend over RIT.
Nice start to the second half.
Follow Me Thanks Khaled
I think you can take comfort in this  as I recall, Bobb has a good vision with a keen business sense.
Now GayJesus is listening to WasnotWas and answering to the songs questions.
wow.
I got mind control, when kelly Rowland come around i be quiet, when she leaves i be talking again.
Bring some friends and join the traditional Sunday Roast or feast to get rid of that hangover  11AM 
i'm so annoyed  i wanna rant : wompwomp to tumblr i go.
Solo piano tnite, Sunset Towers at 7pm.
Time to work out some stride!
Jealousy is very unattractive.
not essential, as long as you have maraschino and lemon
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO THE SINGLE FATHER'S TOO!!
TODAY IS JUST AS MUCH YOUR DAY AS IT IS OURS!
that's pretty good.
Morning !
Who should I start w 2 find out if the schools in N.
Dekalb hv full team football equipment but S.
Dekalb doesn't?
I think the girl in the Rimmel mascara commercial should worry about fixing her buck teeth more than her eyelashes.
Any recommendations on grill times for Chicken Kabobs  8 to 10 is usually good with beef?
ill post some when I get some!!
apply 4 target!
We won't forget those who help us out!!
Let's do it!!
I was born ready, bitch.
can u please follow me P.S.
Your beautiful!!!!!:
you trying to get a gf and free medical care all in one?
a 2 for 1?
thanks for finding for me!
U rock!
then what you standing on, chiquito?
And now my Kings fandom begins...
Please don't let the Yotes make it any farther.
For the sake of hockey...
People don't limit ur self who is this person that says we can't do what we want to do
Storyboards delivered!
you literally named the greatest thing on earth
Actually at Kennedy
: RT : Gee, I can't wait for the Ipad3 to come out  and see what's outdated on my Ipad2.
Odds are Siri.
Thanks!
Which would you recommend?
I think I'll start a new Goodoctorads shelf labeled RA...
Just for the record I've changed.
Chris Palmer is the 3rd best troll at ESPN behind Skip Bayless and Stephen A.
Smith.
No question.
I'm sorry..
do it!
we do it all the time down here...white is so cooling in the southern heat!
but gotta love NOLA!
hey ash did u see one direction on SNL
My sperrys are breaking.
Faith is the bird that feels the light and sings when the dawn is still dark.
Rabindoctornath Tagore
The fire dept across the street from me is doing a photo shoot in front of Engine 4.
Smoke herb and watch 'Through the Wormhole' with Morgan Freeman
what's the best pick up line you've used?
So is Joan Rivers.
: This is amazeballz.Yay to being happy.
: that word amaze balls makes us super happy!
What gets watched gets done  What's inspected is respected
My favorite artist of the week
Hmm i wonder if ever wished on 11:11
See you are not the 1st person to say that
it ok
Why is The Situation at the game?
: I'm trolling into your conversation and I say he's 28.
getting warmer.
Lol
I'm on googleplus.
Are you?
Grading papers while a million kids are wildly running around me at the Childoctorn's Museum.
Now this is balance....
bee bed bed :
I really don't tweet enough should I ????
I only saw the one tweet so I don't know who you were referring to.
I mean, I DO know Sendak and Julie Andoctorws.
Dear student: Do not waste my time with lies.
If you didn't email it, don't claim you did.
I'm only more annoyed when I go looking for it.
If you ain't tryna get doctornk why you doctornking?
looks good from here.
Santorum is sorry only b/c his throw up ploy backfired, not b/c it was grossly exaggerated or inaccurate.
At SF int.
leaving for Seattle, playing tonight  One of the most wonderful club in the country
so is the python in my pants ;
Wow this man want to take his wife on a 90 day retirement cruise 4 60k!
EVEN MY GRANDMA SAID HE WAS CUTE.
I'm on a paper chase
Quick whats ur fav Sting song?
Hanging out in the lobby of watching STING on ABC.
Bojour Bella!
Did u get the box I sent from NY yet??
Buzz me when u do.
Luv u  Miss u doll face XOXOXOXO
SCdebate will one of you vomit to making the US energy independent by the end of the decade the way JFK committed to a moon land
I was skyping with my twin while out this weekend.
It was kinda embarrassing cuz it looked like I was talking and looking at myself 8
The show is very affordable, at 0.
Looking forward to seeing your face in the place, tomorrow at 8pm.
10634 Magnolia Blvd NOHO, CA 91602
Off to the solo contest!
Wish me luck!
Good luck to everyone else playing as well!
you still got me hunn:
UUUUUUUGGGGHHH another commercial I tweeter this like not even a min ago and another freakin commercial oprahs pissin me off lol
The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl
Hmm...16 battery left any guess at how long that will last me?
Last nonsequitor tweet tonight: if you play pickup bball like it's Game 7 of the NBA Finals, boxout whining and all, you're lame as hell.
Stop by Wells Fargo today in Indian Hills for a free shave ice and prizes
I feel like making a shoutout video at like 10 at night ..
I'm going to miss in school.
/3
If you're waiting for your PetQuest 2.0 questions, they will be delivered to you in a few minutes.
We had a technical difficulty.
Stickin' it to the man.
Glad to see reality hit Facebook in the face.
Now, let's get real about Apple folks.
Glad it's up 2day but last month  brutal.
sorry for the late reply!
But yes...
Sorta.
I was just excited because I got Everything I wanted this year!
:
The futad event has live tweeing tonight!
Just use the hash tag.
On my way to for how to break into journalism!
excited for our panelists and participants!
good job !
thats like saying only black people are on welfar, have kids out of wedlock, etc.
Good Morning!!!!!!!
On the grind  Jesus is still Lord!
Who is better sax man: David Sanborn, Ernie Watts, Grover Washington Jr, Clarence Clemons or ????
Kind of unfair to throw the big man in mix
My five year old has declared Sundays and Mondays to be Naked Days.
What happens on Naked Days, you ask?
You're naked all day, says he.
I was trying to send you my cell number in a DM so we could text about meeting up but you aren't following me on here.lol
u working today?
Local weather guy just gave me the futurecast.
How's that different from a forecast?
Less reliable?
She's the best!
I can't fake a laugh
Gotta major decision to make soon
lol don't worry.
We all hate sluts!!!
Have a hangover like headache, without the fun of going out the night before
used once for a trip to lisbon, portugal and it was terrific.
just like any of those sites check for feedback and ratings.
She is trying to dust off her money before she dies.
The wrong person walked out of my life, and the right person walked in.
First tailgate of the season!
Go brewers!
Go NARB!
If you're stupid, go find a bridge and jump.
I have NO patience.
Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment.
Rumi via
We've seen everything good.
We've seen the whole city!
We went to a museum, we saw priceless works of art!
We ate pancreas!
One Direction need a break.
For them, and me.
I can't keep up with them!
backing to Italy
if I'm not mistaken, Brazil had a playoff system up until a couple years ago.
It can't be Worst Movie Ever because Twilight was made.
As was Red Riding Hood.
Note they're by the same director.
Dam..
I love Payphone...
: Maroon 5.
:D Cant stop listening to it.
Get ready for the second question of the week.
Answer True or False using acsskin and be entered to win a plush throw.
RT for 2nd entry.
Yes.
People have to feel like they're not good enough to be there.
That's most of the appeal, right?
Monster wounds Abel...combat continues.
I thought it was inech
As if finals weren't enough.
Thank you.
We love your product!
he's a pussy
There's no way I could ever deny them eternal happiness through marriage.
I stand with and support gay marriage.
There is no such thing as bad weather, only weak people!
I just ran 40 min in a thunderstorm lol
What we really mean is that we love you and we miss you 
Chocolate overload.
And now looking forward to the butter knife!
I can send you as much as you need buddy but only if you promise to not let have any
hope you can make it.
I'll be in STL until Sun.
nightbut Im sure you can find something to do with your extra time here in Vegas
My Suggestion to Twitter: Just one account for one person.
Zbynet.com is coming.
Just one, Just you!
possible to mount the Play 3 on the wall out of the box?
somf sure know how to take a regular convo and make it really awkward...

You've said a lot of things to inspire me ovr the yrs Rick.
But today you hit me with the hammer brother.
I Appreciate You!
You are a sweet loving trainer I would love to train under your instruction when I come to la I would love to make a changes
you are a liar.
I bet you 45 and on welfare.
My dad about the watch the throne cd I burnt him: loving my Conway and JayZ
Thanks to all who came out tonight!
Great times were had.
Have fun in LAX!!!
I was so distracted earlier that I forgot to tweet about The Vampire Diaries finale!
Minnesota Senate to hold two hearings on Vikings stadium
Go for it.
I personally guarantee you'll love our service.
It's top notch
So exciting!
first time watching the LA Kings this playoffs...
this team got hot at the right time
Lets Go Illinois, Keep It Rolling!!
Thanks for tweeting!
Cant wait to see your official video for
classic rivalry continues on TNT
Also for things you can't get here, e.g.
cuban rum.
Buying it AFTER security checkpoint is key
lmfao don't tell that!
No wonder your ass is always smiling!
Connie you will be fine!!
Let me check.
is leading the charge.
HAHA this is awesome!!
Haha, maybe you're right!
I just hate having to flipflop on a piece of code because of external feedback.
:
Just tweeted one of my tunes.
Check it and share!
Its called you're beautiful.
Dedicated to all women fightin' breast cancer
Well, today is my lucky day!
is following me!
How you doing in that list?
Caught up yet?
In Spain, it is common to pour chocolate milk on cereal for breakfast.
Miami all day..
Watching PBS News Hour try to spin JP's Jamie Dimon as a Republican.
He's about as GOP as Jon Corzine.
Charlize Theron's character in Young Adult needs her own show.
If people would donate ONE HOUR of their wages to a favorite cause each month, we'd have a better planet.
Roll up your sleeves  do it!
Don't forget the Look Good Feel Better Gala at Sears tonight  support a great cause PEI Ch'town
Happy Easter!!
love you
That's so sad!
STOPANIMALABUSE I hate those commercials  all the dogs look like they are crying.
I would LOVE that.
I loved that so much, I was freaking out the whole time haha
I feel like a rat in a cage!
MT : Tebow being allowed to pick team he wants to go to.
He picks the trade.
Jets or Jacksonville.
Amusing.
Even if u weren't a fan once u watch this ceremony I gaurantee tht you'll start listening to whithneyhouston R.I.P.
Is this dude really trying to sing.
SMH stay in your lane in spin the music
Thunder dump at anything fitness
haha I thought u were in central pk: let's play when u come back, hope u kicked butt 2 day ;
Dude's car was lost, now found.
thanks for the vote fam.
God bless!
ie: status on the list student orgs / surveys.
Please email me what you spent last week's hrs on.
General Counsel 4 kochbros , Mark Holden, refuses to answer Martin's ?
of whether kochbros A.L.E.C.
is sponsoring Stand Your Ground Laws'
We need to redirect ...the real problems are ???????
I'm starting to think the more you complain, the longer God lets you live.
checks train schedule :
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 5
Thank you for sharing!
About 100 posts later, looks like your students had a lot of thanking to do indeed.
Expect to be tired.
: Stick to UK meal and sleep times or you'll prelong it.
Opt for Dextro tablets rather than caffeine.
Eatting chocolate in class :D
Dark day in motorsports world lost of Dan Wheldon and Rick Huseman RIP to both motorsports world will never be the same
what's going on at wakefield?
naw I'm off
haha I leave Auckland today to join hubby in NYC!!!
I'll start sleeping again when I get to the mighty US
a fundamental design flaw in both zombies and vampires.
That's an effing terrible play at the blueline by Wideman.
disneypickuplines bet u feel freaky when I slip u my Micky
I still love and support Justin.
BOYFRIEND is amazing and I can't wait for BELIEVE and
glad you enjoyed.
We had a blast playing.
Dogs are far for picture friendly
Keep It G.
Bump that.
;
I need to get my own gas money  It's so hard finding a job.
.
ugh.
happy tomlinson tuesday!
:
You might say 'You can't change the world.' But I say, 'I can do more than nothing!
R.
Brad White
In companies large and small, great minds are devoting their lives to endeavors that, even if wildly successful, fail to do great things.
preparing for an audition tomorrow.....
really challenging part....
If you're a business involved at some level in youth health and fitness  anywhere in the USA, let us know about you.
Thanks for RT Come by to pick up your Friends  Family Form ;  and register for May 24th's Grand opening with the NCCChamber!
TWITTER QUIT HACKING IN OUR PAGE
I hope I find time to fish and relax today
Have a good nite sad its going to end soon
Thanks to and for their great work today; really enjoyed it
Get your addoctorss situation figured out?
fantastic!
Thanks for sending it.
And your 1 is enough for me...
Tomorrow I go Behind The Scenes at the Farmers Insurance ProAm with Padoctors' pitcher Heath Bell on the green!
57am
Thank you and for the Pinterest invites.!
Are you a tech wiz and want to use your skills to make a better and smarter Baltimore?
If so, message me for more details!
; where's Corryn at, dude??
RT : Jim Abbott threw a no hitter in 1993 and has no right hand.
Don't tell me you can't ever do something
and video made my day yesterday xD we lost the game :' everyone waz depressed
beccome obsessed with ruining your life.
The implication that he moved my daughter so far away from me damages my reputation.
It is very
That awkward moment when ur 3yr old brother puts on london bridge and its the bad version and he starts dancing and singing to it..
How can you be my best friend and not be there for me when I need it, call me names behind my back, and get mad every five minutes?
I was the girl that you mett in time square today!!
u made my day 33 please follow!!
33
good luck!
Blessed with so much .
Trusting friends , supporting family , a good life , and have the most amazing girl to myself 3
What are you doing this year for EarthDay to start reducing your carbon footprint?
Covario Sees Highest Growth in Latest Search Agency Rankings by Ad Age
AsAKid I had a bad obsession for the Jonas Brothers
Oh my God, how ironic.
Haha!
That made me laugh in real life.
We used to call it Brown Eye
My dad doesn't like cats.
There's no way were related.
Countdown to tonight's portfolio happy hour: Tminus 5 hours!
so, someone i've known for years said to me, you're not as nice as you used to be.
to me that meant, you don't let people play you anymore
Zendaya is so beautiful!
you should be proud
Name/person in the body of a tweet is who i'm talking about
Spatula Guy...I'm pretty scary to the meat people or 'meaple' as I call them....
Belk charity sale tomorrow 5/2.
Donate 5, earn 2050 off purchases.
Also enter to win 1000 shopping spree.
wow really im sry u have to live with that ive been threw it to lol
remember that time that i hate you...
can you make me some noodles lol
so whats that gotta do with anything
We have order 1000s of pins from them, with maybe six rejects total.
Amazing quality standards.
feel free to stop by  doctorp a comment anytime my dear: Thanks again  i will.
Ms Spicy
N a relationship you 2 should have phone conversations, don't just text each other all the time!
yea
: The Vines, am I right?
Cc:  YEAH BABY Craig Nicholls is a god.
Heading to the studio to finish up the demos for Shadows We Make EP.
Good things to come soon.
:
I vow to become Miss Frizzle when I hit 35.
interesting.
thank you
People need to start wereing belts plumbersbutt is so grody Cereal Bowles
RT : RT : Follow my boo and my team !
TheyAreTheBest!
all going well, learning new stuff every day :
Sump pump replacement try 2 was far more successful than try 1.
I need a condo.
Sign up today for the MDA Heroes Ride leaving from Chandler HarleyDavidson and ending at Arizona Bike Week on Friday March 30th!
Judges just brought us from 500 to 50 pieces of beautiful DC design.
Trust yourself.
Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life.
Here's the deal, follow us and tell others to follow us, then you can download our album for free at www.blasesplee.com
Beer  lemonade powder.
Try it if you're poor like me.
Timbers Baby!
thank you so much.
i appreciate all the love  support.
The Chris Collins campaign is not up on the Web yet.
How can I get into shape if I keep on craving pizza?!?!?!
Where is everyone this morning?
Streets are empty!
Did I get up early?!
Needing this night of relaxation and to get ish done.
Gotta get a new attitude.
bud light platinum?
As a teenager and even still now being 21, it's always love questions  it's always so confusing.
Yes.
Hate those guys.
I think that's one of my favorite songs.
The video should be out soon ...
lots of mud involved haha
Great match!
Uruguay played an amazing game  but the Orange Clockwork prevailed  go Netherlands!
Then Bond blows everything up, has sex with doctor Goodhead on the Prime Minister's telly and Q is all He's attempting reentry!
x or z do you got a concussion like
Where are the gun advocates saying if only the victims had had weapons...
in North Tulsa?
: That moment when you get a sweet text  you just sit there smiling at your screen like a weirdo
Thanks for following !
I have heard you are doing wonderful things down there in Florida!
I look forward to reading your tweets!
those are some great goals!
thanks for the reminder!
It's on now!!!!
Smile beautiful
hear that you know well.
partnership?
Kegging Full House pale ale today.
Look for it at the Malt House and Vintage Brewing.

She knows
Your welcome.
thanks ; whats up
RSVP NOW for OVS' 2day Sweet Home Alabama Trip to Birmingham and Florence on July 21 and 22!
RSVP deadline ends tomorrow!!
lol yeah i know im going to wear it though but idk people in Mahopac like judge people..a lot..
dear bugs: I know I'm dirty and all but please get away from me.
Ding, ding, ding!
You have unscrambled the word correctly.
I'll DM you the password for tonight.
Inside the NFL Network set with the crew.
Find the
It isn't myriad lights
Pres.
Obama released his long form birth certificate today.
What are the birthers gonna do now?
So done with this so called homework thing
Being sick really sucks
Finally I have been tracking calories and my diet with Lose It
Everyone in Baltimore is on board...
Thanks for putting us on the map
u r amazing..be strong..this shall pass..get a massage...relax..keep smiling..u have too much class to let it effect you..
I carry a Hello Kitty backpack for a purse.
I have more than one.
And HK sneakers and an HK watch.
LOL
Long day....
Goodnight
Somebody famous once said if you never miss a flight you're spending way too much of your life in airports or sth similar
Read Thru for Don Juan tonight.
Let the swashbuckling begin!
you are bat shit crazy.
I dot feel bad telling this to you since I'm sure people whisper it in your ear almost everyday.
okay thanks!!
ufc on fox is live
I know I had a few doctornks 2 many last night but realized a stranger on my bed in the middle of the night  It was my dog Juneau hugging me!
Looking forward to the digital panel smwmiami.
Great lead in to happy hour!
Me and my gs troop are selling girl scout cookies at the Richmond, KY Lowe's!
Come by!
:D
my own cousin doesn't follow me
RT : reply with yr fav poetry image.
the road less traveled next 9 tweets become a poetrymash for
Honesty is the best policy.
i know, i know...just watching from home.
what a crock of hooey...can of worms?
kettle of fish?
pick your abused metaphor
: too b honest I just want  so I can take care of my health  be in own place again.
Creature comforts
Hi Ian!
Your shout out was the best part of my life!
Thank you so much!
: I am honored!
lol!
yaaay make sure add your own special twist to it : ya football junkie..
me too hahaa
Anytime!!!Doing great Thanks:
u guess that's no fun
lol Dany is referring to a tweet I retweeted about how no one should ever use that phrase haha
Incoming from Norway ADL conference: The Gamification of everyday life: the future of serious games Sara de Freitas
guess what?
Todd did some bday shopping for me at the mall.
2 shiny fingernails this year.
Thought you should know.
Wow, Mitch Kupchak really resembles John Malkovich with hair.
Have a happy 4th of July weekend Be sure to take a minute to search me, R.
Shamar The Minister of Motivation on iTunes Rhapsody or Napster
AAHHH ok!!
Soo cool.
omg.
Loll
My Savior loves, my Savior lives, my Savior's always there for me.
My God He was, my God He is, my God He's always gonna be.
3
She's been Acquitted.
And now she's free!!
I think it's great!
Birthday in a week!!!!!
Is JF going to complain about not getting tosses.
If he does can we get a refund?
i can hold i in anymore i love austin mahone sad my fone screen just screwd up and turned blue
it's ok everyone has there off days
Hundoctord million ways to break a heart, and that's one you taught me.
::benji hughes::you stood me up::
after this day 10 years ago, my brother served in Iraq  Afghanistan  my cousin lost a brother inlaw GodBlessAmerica blessings 2 all :
I'm just trying to talk to my gf more than my ex.
;
First day of break and my tummy feels horrindous.!
Soft kitty, Warm kitty, Little ball of fur.
No, I'm hypothetically saying, You win and you lose.
Welcome , , , and !
Thans for following!
Please call Matt 18006134305 x2 or shoot him an email at .
He can go our different services with you.
according to your tweets you arent really dj khaled you're just a robot
MLB does it right: Interactive gamecasts, massive amounts of stats, ingame video highlights and live lookins for every game
what does no cause for action mean?
There is a pile of trash sitting in a vacant lot.
Furniture and other debris.
Gates are down, lights are flashing, but the train just isn't coming.
Follow the best!
thats a dam shame!!!
U are great man!!!
Hope you make it big!!!
Please checkout my proJC Pinterest board 'Jesus Died for Your Pins'
I'll pray for you
NowPlaying Hawaiian Roller Coaster Ride  Jump 5 
Much better
: Why am i crying?
Tears of joy!
Me too!
But it's so nastay!
Bruises by Train
Now the fun begins
It wasn't until I owned a Mitsubishi that I truly understood Evolution.

Respect RT : winning winning winning RT : u helped
He's Just Too Perfect.
day 2 no coffee  so far, so good.
i just want something warm to doctornk, though...
also, this is day 5 of no meat...don't miss it yet.
this is true.
The shoes make the outfit.
Anyone who says otherwise is nuts
ITS MINE ITS MINE ITS MINE WHO'S WORLD IS THIS
Of Mice  Men FTW!!
lunch?
hm
I bet u turned it into pie!
Thx Sue!
Have a fab day!
Well that was really shitty of you.
ala71!
RT : Fun fact: the precursor to GLBTRT held a kissing booth at in Dallas, in June 1971.
Our Love For BTR Is Endless, indeed it is, they no longer are Halfway There anymore :'3
I'm a SUNY Cortland alumni...remember the crisp fall days and the rest of the time it was cold.
Stephen Weiss has been waiting a very, very long time for this.
// RT : Weiss on a rebound again, 20
Thanks for the follow
Want a coffee maker?
We have one at a big discount right now at www.dealshow.com Go get it!
Come visit out familyowned bike shop!
We'll help you find a bike that fits you lifestyle!
what are u doing bro?
I kno my god mom will do it for me I love her
Happy Monday to all my tweekers!
I mean tweeters haha have a wondeful week and hope all is well : hope to do business with most of you too!
I know.
I just read that
I will baby
Philadelphia's Highly Anticipated Global Fusion Festival amp; Week Returns for ...
MarketWatch
Great Factotum dialogue:  Wine gnats.
Sons of bitches are hooked.
They know what's good.
They doctornk to forget their women.
Wearing floppy pants to my first improv 401 class.
Wish me luck.
Bristol Palin lectures President on traditional marriage.
Oh, when did she get married?
I woulda sent a gift.
:
slaname at least we only mix up SLA with service level agreement, but can figure out the context so quickly
About to watch the movie Paranormal Activity.
It won't be as scary as the sound of Ruth Madoff's voice in her 60 Minutes interview.
thanks so much...i'm a member so I'll keep a look out!
Big Sean 
HA!
Next up, weather on the green screen!
daddydaycare My daughter told me my face needs a haircut!
Haha!
Maybe I should shave!
Hahaha!
I don't care how old you are.
If you have ever had Teddy Grahams.
You will understand me when I say they are the best!!

gwendolyn, announced in a tone of pious satisfaction
OK, that was hilarious.
Mary J.
Blige practices anthem, press box runs out to watch and gives huge cheer.
Then, rush back inside to work.
Exactly!
I have loved meeting twitterpeeps worldwide!
Right, ?
:
love that place...enjoy!
this isn't going to end well, is it...crap...
I enjoyed the interview earlier today
No problem.
can u say HOT MESS
research proj: genre and listening practices.
Provide ethnographic detail to the large numbers, nuance to the monolith.
Wait are there actually heat fans in the crowd during a first half!?
This must be one HUGE game.
Here we go!
Game 5 starts now.
Just saw a tweet that said How to dominate SM sites to generate traffic.
How about simply produce quality content?
Idaho: Rudy Kovacs, Idaho State University professorssor of art, will retire in January after serving on the ISU faculty for 31 years.
For...
What a game.
Mondays are for Top Gear.
:
Giving your partner a massage will deepen the connection in your relationship.
Try it!
Watching Saturday Night Live with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
getting off my computer now.
hopefully I wake up to a tweet from my idol 3.
: LOVEYOU SO MUCH.
thanks for being you :
Today's not only Mothers Day but a beautiful day to see how my lovely fans are doing!
4FANFriday I know it's not Friday..sorry!:D
I fckn hate valentines day
He is a jerk!
Focus on what you do best  running your business  and DataBoost will do the rest.
Just saw a car on fire for the second time in two months.
Weird.
HA HA HAHAHAHA!!!
wow and im almost up to 300 followers nice
I am charged about topic   DL10 Mining the Value of Microsharing story of how we implemented our microsharing solution.
why r u in an office?
just realized i can't dm you!
we would love to talk to you, please contact us at  Holla!
Sicko.
And lobsters still remind me of a large boiled roach.
Lol
good job scholar
Can you follow please?
Watching my daughter's soccer practice.
Can 8year old girls focus?
Bgr8 now
Mismanagement a bit?
Returned to my library roots w/ a LACONI talk  Oak Park this morning.
Long way from hosting teen poetry slams in a vintage ballgown.
fair point.
So happy to digitally meet the folks looking forward to working with them!
I help put that smile on your face...didn't I...
so true!
The bed is my best and worst friend!
Actually, that was about the claim that there isn't longform digital scholarship, not about metadata.
A swift roundhouse kick always gets you free ranch doctorssing at Applebees.
went to Bushwick for the first time yesterday and didn't get mugged!
Am reading Doris Kearns Goodwins No Ordinary Time.
Great descriptions of different leadership styles!
Today couldn't get any busier.
I zsnapped tonight and it was not in jest.
Thanks to SA Healthy Start for hosting this forum on health disparities in prematurity.
healthystart
gonna go get my paycheckk, wes haninnin!
is passing 60 minutes to walk the dog.
Whose kid brought home the most candy last night?!
:
The most marketed song on the air right now wins for Pop Duo  Train Soul Sister
hahaha.
You're funny.
Just noticed I spelled sandwich wrong.
We will be at the Mission Bay Community celebration Today!
Stop by our booth and say hello if you are in the area.
Allergies!
Bah!
I will defeat you!
Hopefully the last link test.
Knock KnockWho's there !Borg !Borg who ?Borg standard !
you know that looks like chowder, and it looks chunky
Bulls G Derrick Rose out for rest of Playoffs with torn ACL.
How to square the circle?
The only thing keeping me from making love while listening to Keith Sweat right now is the making love part
Daily duties are done.
Now it's chill time.
No work due or tests this week so I'm makin a Redbox run
if i tell you a joke will you follow me?
WHAT SMELLS LIKE BLUE PAINT AND IS RED?
RED PAINT.
CHEESY XD
One out of 20 people have an extra rib...
Maybe you do too!
Thanks Chuck.
Amen!
: Students don't go to college to major in Dev Ed!
George Fouts doctoram2012
You are hands down, the most annoying and obnoxious person I have ever met.
be safe
I'll not go to sleep until you follow  tweet me something!: I love you both!
I'm totally tired :L
Dinner then getting ready for bed...Exhausted 
Great job : Call back said w/in 15min; delayed past 30min.
Finally called, to put on hold for 20min  counting.
Going to hang out with casey
Mention this tweet and receive a free 28 count multivitamin bottle with any purchase 10 or more!
More than all the things he has and can do, what is it that pleases the Lord?
My trust in and praise to him!
Psalm 147:111
Manchester Derby today!!
Man Shitty vs Man United on espn, espn 2  3!!
FORZA UNITED!!!!
20 is so close!!
Sporting an optical James Bond mouse!
A tweet about a bar's new seasonal cocktail menu is something that shouldn't be labeled boldly as breaking news.
Texas Battle League mister Smith going for his 2nd Dub!!!
yeah, looks like laptop only in room.
At least Cisco arranged free resort fee at Luxor!
T.R.
Reid lecture at PPL:The Healing of America: A Global Quest for Better, Cheaper and Fairer Health Care.
11/8  5:30pm.
Ibuprofessorn does wonders!
How are you besides that?!
yea use mojobreak for 10 ..thanks!
So I always get blue nail polish when I get a pedi but my guy convinced me to get white designs for the playoffs
More kids sick in Clackamas County because of doctornking raw milk from Foundation Farm in Wilsonville
teamFMG txs!
It was a pleasure meeting you!
u r gorgeous!!!
hoping ozzie and the ravens pick you up!!!
Shi Gung Rizzo will be teaching tonight!
Clear your schedule and come to class tonight!!!!!
I'm still just a novice.
Biggest fall back is the lack of technology on our boat.
Feel free to share YOUR secrets!
Liam or Louis!
x
thanks for the RT!!
Yes, I know how to sop it up, guuuurrrl!
damn female footprints on his windshield they was getting it in
The secret that sits in the center and knows.
Robert Frost
I'm addicted to HGTV
With the Astros win, the Sox are the worst team in baseball.
OH GOD I BECAME WHAT I TWEETED ABOUT
Madison can be fun for a college town.
The latest NYTimes/CBS poll shows that 67 of those polled believe Obama's ssm stance was politically motivated, not necessarily bc policy
Thanks for following.
I'm nuts too for my cats ...
and dogs.
7 30 wake up...
no headache.
fall back asleep for an hr.
Still feel fine!!
:D Ha!
Im back!
Well ask me how Im doin' after work.
god I wish I didnt feel like I was going to puke everywhere
Openings for Shellac Manicures today!
We are now offering Shellac Pedicures for 50.
5778953!
Cant Wait for Church tommorow.....gonna have a good time
Look at me now bitch!
xD
the Hulk catching shot?
Which turned out to be at the end?
I won't regret this tweet; all of the best Jesuses were criminals.
i will be conducting the color guard before the game tomorrow, Go bucks go!
If Peyton Manning really cared about winning he wouldn't have picked the Broncos.
Their roster sucks.
His decision was all about .
The world would be a better place I everyone sat down when they pissed.
Or at least lifted the god damn seat
LIBRA If you fall for a Libra you will be trapped in there spider web of love 3 True ;
1942 Gallants, Crystal Castlesvania, Mega Man Man, Skate or Die Antwoord
Play with her pussy , not her heart .
It is not that good.
It's also the second part of a crossover that started with a comic book, strangely enough.
The two rappers will launch their 45city trek beginning May 23...
Is today the day is gonna follow me?
i hope so :D
or you just head over to Hofbrau and watch it on their big projection screen TV!
Wish the Bears had a coach like Jim Harbaugh...
I want all of austins videos to come back.
I miss them.
/3
Ron Paul NO :/
hope you two love Portland man!
love your new default pic!
:
yes, i know justin told me.
lol I know that song.
It's also pretty uncontroversial.
They should have used Kiss me I'm Shitfaced.
glooping at miller park.
serious playoff contender?
Come on they are still 3rd in the east
doctorke stand fa Do.
Right.
And.
Kill.
Everything
hook me up with Harry.
;D lol!
Truth  esp.
after getting DEMOLISHED in the play for the equalizer..
tough man that RT
one of our owners, Graham is speaking at our business workshop tonight about design.
He's the one who made our new site
I have seen a strangely large number of Metallica tshirts in the past few days.
Should it be called it the Music Hall of Fame?
Motorhead needs to get in but the Beasties are a galaxy ahead of Styx in legacy.
how exciting!!!
78 degrees yesterday, today!
Time to crank the fireplace.
Good morning Chicago!
What did you put on your plate this morning to fuel your day??
Happy Columbus Day!
Check out the parade downtown today  12:30 in Grant Park!
www.jccia.com/Sponsored.html
Can't wait for show to start!
: Kickin it at w/ to see Lovin
what up
Oh.
Not Mars.
I was very confused.
Bachelor party, really!
Oh, that is so FUN!
Congratulations!
what show is it again???
Have I told you the joke about the butter?
I butter not.
Wouldn't want you to spread it around.
god, if your a bitch on my page...
.
's week on via : 8 retweets received, 1 new listings, 18 new followers, 18 mentions.
don't think I'll be able to make it in time.
I'll be coming from Leading  Living hope n Piperton.
Would love to one day though
Thursday nights salsa night at madoctorgall the best place to be, great doctornk specials, best music and fun time, see you all there!!!
BlackEyed Susan Picture Book Presentation at 9:00 am in Room 347.
We'll be sharing next year's nominees and suggested activities.
Ha movie??
Is that with Kathy Bates?
Gonna go bake some cookies to take my new coworkers tomorrow.
And as part of a tip.
just starting to wake up JustPlayed Mac Miller Loud.
as the song past.
it slowly woke me up more and more lol that's
Grant, thanks so much!
RT Great, great article today in Congratulations!
greatnews for
Vote on opt in carries
Bad traffic on I5 South close to Kent Des Moines Rd
Juan Nicasio with his first career RBI on a single Rockies up 83 on Padoctors in bottom of the 6th
Omg d rose no
I pray for you all the time.
I just want you to be healthy and happy!
Woke up at 7:03 today, ate, got ready, doctorssed and checked email
Gotta win two at home
Agreed RT : He is awesome Picked the winner at our KentuckyDerby pool, thus adding to the legend of Lucky Lustina
you suck at this.
honestly I feel bad for you
I'm at that point in grading where all the essays seem the same.
Come on, kids  surprise me!!
awesome job!
Your AMA performance was amazing.
I say 'hahaha'
RT if you think justinbieber is EPIC!
Burt is pissing me off.
cut and paste :
Thank you!
RT :
Saving goodbye is the hardest thing I have ever had to do Ill see ya guys soon
I'm Training Hard So You  Everyone Else Gets Everything From Me Up There.
Watching The Sweetest Thing with : I adore her and I love this movie!
Always puts me in a good mood 3
uv grown so much and I'm so happy that I stayed a Belieber the entire time .
I'm so proud of u 3 :
Dear Lord, please let me have the strength to stay awake all day now.
Sincerely, I'm tired as FUCK.
x
hobbled 2 the water bowl 4 a cool slurp.
and i mean hobbled.
:
follow back:
RT : People like knowing how other people are dealing; we like to be in a tribe
yeeeeheee do tell in private text!
Oakleys and ray bans 
np over my dead body
maybe start a fun site for aspiring clothing designers with tips and cool videos?
While being trapped in a room with no windows doors and any form of a way out
not like me tho!
Ha
About to do my EDCO final.
Hopefully I'm an effective peer counselor
People in the MidAtlantic are as passionate about crab as New Englanders are about lobster.
and Jessica Sanchez SUCKS!
i saw it said ur in AZ....are you still here?!?!
My mom just told me she thinks that Louis' the cutest.
I think there all cute.....
Wait, excuse me, sexy, so......
media99 Sharon McNary Public Insight Network 80k contacts help break stories
Does someone wanna help me get more followers?
I wasnt on for a while and lost followers.
I promise i will give you a shoutout to!
Thanks :
Arent you suppose to be in school?
Stop tweetin!
lol
Woman because men fake relationships so technically their not cheating lol sad but tru
: So i went from 180 to 171 whoo hoo 20lbs to go Congrats!!
Keep it up:
ok I'll check em out and see if I like them :
Good point, I've seen the app though, and it's a long way from replacing its paper equivalent.
I'm excited to make mistakes and have my childoctorn learn from them
I'm gonna cream my pantsyou mean panties?
well he knows I don't wear underwear so ok, then you can say cream my pants
You may be a player, but you can't cheat on life.
Meek Millz Is hard !
RT Heading in, will be back out tonight in Elk Grove with a few other trucks at 7915 Laguna Blvd starting around 5:30
BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I use to braid da shit out of everybody hair for Free
I have good parking karma Marge
: Leave it to to keep us entertained during stupid, awful work!
Faith amazing!
Ignorant fuck at the station saying two guys and two girls on a poster is an abomination...
I hope he has a miserable life...
Skyrobics with kicked my ass today!
Loved it :
both of us do..
Can't wait to cuddle!!
I mean race...
You know it  : KeepGoing
On the other hand, it's nice weather to hit some trees 
I want, like, three steps below the best for you.
'Cause, really, I want the best for myself.
Deal?
in God send this message on, please don't ignore itthat Jesus said If you deny me among men,i will deny you before my Father.
Within 4 min
I'll be there!
Today I dug up a file from library school that I'm going to use in an event tomorrow.
Never thought that would happen!
Gronstedt confuses the ways learning is enabled, extended and enhanced with the process of learning itself
You bet!
I'll check it out.
Thanks!
The day in and day out demands  expectations you place on your players IS you program.
SWA
good afternoon amazing:
So excited you're here tonight !
Thanks for joining us It's Britney Bitch :o
Has anyone else seen the new Google app for iOS?
It is really nice.
You said it.
Not me.
hahahaha no shame.
RT : everytime i see I'm at The Locker Room from you i want to respond I'm not surprised.
lol
Ha!
This was fun
yup!
June 28ish.
Depends on movers.
No place yet  not alot are up yet for July 1.
Expirmented making Buttermilk Fried Chicken, came out pretty good.
The Jalepeno Mashed potatoes were the star!
ajdjdijdkwishsjksuw.
YOU WENT ON A DMing SPREE AND I MISSED IT?!?!
skdhdkaohskdisjshs.
3Wordsforyou YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL
Grouplove just brought out the most unexpected cover.
I want to dance with somebody yes that happened.
Thanks for the RT!
Ok well imma get you all caught up tomorrow.
See ya girlfriend
I would never buy anything for 6.66
Yay!!
Just auditioined for an feature and nailed it.
Stay tuned!
shiftreload in browser to get latest js code?
should be /command/core/createprojectfromupload now.
note core
Romney is actually turning into a decent candidate.
And if we elect the right Congress with him, we'll get most of the results we want.
No i didn't get a new one I was just sitting in my car bored and decided to snap a picture.
No real reason.
HAHA.
How are you?
thank you so much!!boy do I have some primo birth photos for STFU parents readers...but I will refrain from oversharing ;
How to be happy: Stop comparing yourself to others.
You're amazing.
No man can be happy without a friend, nor be sure of his friend till he is unhappy.
Thomas Fuller
70 degrees on Monday!
Thank you Jesus!!
hey, i just found out im taking doctorvers ed in feburary and im so nervous.
lol no one wants to get in the car with me
As a leader, is not just being an ethical person, but your ethical leadership: role modeling, rewards and communication about ethics
Hey thanks so much for reposting my video on facebook!
So glad Korea went well for y'all :
lovin life in south end!
Back in the studio this morning Ms.Beatz is handling my trks awesomely!!!!
ear candy baby...........POOF!!!!!!!!!!!!
One more hour til the weekend.
Sun's out.
Life's good!
Shout out to my girl aka TayJ for being awesome!
Can't wait for you to come visit!
Definitely check out Bandwidthmusic.com!
Great indie musicians and an online store!
Good morning!
clutch and clutcher
Have a great Sunday!
;
Just a heads up: I want 2 kids a boy and a girl, and they HAVE to be 2 years apart.
whats a typewriter?

haha, 99 of the time they say it was their first offense and/or they were just there to hang out.
Yeah right!!
You know you're in New Jersey when the cable TV billboards deem the South Asian TV package as 'News to Celebrate.'
Arizona iced tea!!!
yeah that last one was kinda weak, thank you for helping me in the on going effort to keep it
Everyone can understand this.
I have more battles with myself, than I battle with the rest of the world.
LIS intern workshops today: Google Analytics at 12:15  Finding Primary Sources in the Archives at 2pm in the BLAIS Lab.
I don't remember 500 days of summer being this sad..
Sorry Pandora!
I'm not in the mood for Christian rock on my OneRepublic radio
By far, Accept is the loudest show we've been to at !
I am frezzin my butt off!
And it dont feel good.
We'd love to have ya!
BratPizza RT : Thanks for the follow!
I need to make it a point to stop in there soon!
Ducks get the 1st stop of the game.
uh oh
Tons of new info on the site:Two fun events, yesterday's meeting minutes, and membership info.
Thank you for the retweet :
I live in Oakland and work in SF
i no, rite?
creepy!
i'm going to make a goal to write 1 song per week.....
Remember, I picked OKC in 5.
But I've been proven wrong before, like I was in game 7 when I thought Denver would win
and i still dont feel like going to sleep WTF
Such a pretty day!
Last showing of Episode 1, Slow Down Atlanta, with special Halloween WRITE CLUB ATL.
tonight at 8.
its gross that these pathetic programs are in the conversation w/ uw.
uw needs to learn how to recruit
343, oh my!
You are all too kind!
:
no, you ARE like the smartest Mexican I have ever meet  I know a lot RealTalk  don't worry I'm here to not make you bored :P
So I'm working on my revisions and feeling pretty good about 'em and then doctorps this bomb: I finished two books today.
!!!!
aw thank you :' He's pretty fucking rad!
LOL .
Beware the ides of march
As well he should be.
Who else got in a fight at the Winter Classic?
thanks for the follow :
Thethingis ..You suck
i was obviously in my room first and i aint getting out!
Hope you're having a wonderful time at the book fest in Austin.
So jealous!
We have Karaoke 10pm2am tonight!
If you sing a song you get a FREE SHOT!
I have Miami in my mind.
schoolmemories my nick name being mouse
Don't chase you guests and accuse them of stealing gallery guides
you already know cuzz
Yea..he messed up but he still did amazing :
Seems so!
Those are hilarious requests though.
Always good to ask.
: I'm totally serious.
People have tall orders!
THE BEST!!
RT Tampico with ice :D
I can't wait til the iPhone 5 I'm getting it
love you
Yep I rock with MadeStar...
I'm over doin some awesome production!
I'm even suprising myself.
Lol
I know.
Raw intelligence in itself does not necessarily make an animal estimable.
We should destigmatize eating dolphin.
2 finals and a 5 page paper all today...
Taking a week deserved break tomorrow
Math final over , next is my english final then I'm going home!!
My bench is beating my starting...
Ugh, 114 to 91.
Greene, Garcon, Gerhart, and Finely aren't helpful on the bench...
I wish I could read minds
Youu Miss Me ??
which record store did you work in?
It takes two to tango, but it only takes one to put on a Sweetband.
celtics didn't close out, lakers ain't doing as expected and w/ this food I caught the itis ....
I'm calling it one
So when do the pull the plug on the RexHudler experiment?
Is this about our scrablle game lol RT : The past is over and cannot be changed.
This is the only moment I can experience.
ATTENTION ARTISTS: Looking for artists for the next art show and future arts shows.
please email
I am over the hospital About to lose it!!!!
Byron's edition of Watt archives the whole compositional process within presentation of the text itself.
What about them?
Lol j/p
thx for RT'g msgs of support for trayvon  hoodie pics, especially from outside U.S.
We Americans need all the support on this.
Tired!
It's 2 am here.
offline gotta get up at 7 am.
Hope you're still close to !!!
Irene will be sending some bad weather our way tomorrow..but that doesn't mean you should hold off ordering the shirts your business needs!
In session on PD at tie11.
Great digital citizenship roundtable.
Headed to the beach :
Not sure what you're referring to...
Btw I'm only at the station for Fernando  Greg.
:
Twitter is just a fancy word for stalking!
;
Yeah,it's hard when you're going through a idenity crisis...hahahahahahah
is pretty .
and he should follow mee and make me happy :
you requested post fodder for g...just a foggy brained response
44.3 of public libraries offer formal technology training.
34.8 offer oneonone tech training.
RT : RT : Unfortunately, making pilots that dont get picked up to series is a big part of the job.
Man fuck this bullshit....
Your not going to bring me down while you out enjoying yourself...
Men piss me off!
I fucking hate dead beat dads!
Are you including IR work in DL?
Cuz there's an obvious role for subj.
spec.
in that.
kms because my phone won't turn on, cool.
So I've broadened the fitness concept to make it one of moderation and balance
Class choreo to Jeff Buckley.
I could do this all night...
It is but notice I didn't answer it.
Lol
Bet I hit u up like maann we aint get ish done bro lol but he got his follwers up haha
King Center....
Here I come
Need a good place to get a hair cut.
Like saturday morning.
Any suggestions?
My birthday was yesterday, FOURTEEN BABY!!!!
BestThingAboutBeingSingle there's.
No one to bitch at you
The selfcheckouts at Woodmans West now have an English accent.
I certainly hope that woman has a green card.
Thanks for the FF shout out!
you're gonna make me barf.
he looks confused and its adorable:
Having a talent or gift or knowledge isn't enough...
Use it!
Application makes all the difference
Just passed a place called GROWN FOLKS CAFE...I guess I can go in there lol
My son is obsessed with tools..he is all boy
Just wanted you to know that SteelerNation is behind you and hoping your knee gets rehabbed enough to prove
I would love this.
I am home with the exception of three days until 5/21.
Let's make this happen!!
I know how film shit works  I can guarantee you there's no way an extra who isn't a member of SAG made 2G's a week for a month.
yea he is.
I was shocked when he followed me on here cuz I wasn't even following him or talked to him and out of nowhere
Has Jason Statham ever appeared in a movie where he didn't touch a gun and/or beat the snot out of someone?
BREAKING NEWS.
Coast Guard looking for missing 12 year old swimmer in Hampton Beach, NH.
Latest on 7News at 11.
Sports happen all the time around you.
U can stay mad at some1 4 so long until u start caring again
It was nice to meet you yesterday.
I want to see your show and I hope you can see me in Lion King.
I live to feel as alive as I do right now!
Pumped to be back on XTSR Towson Radio with my boy for The Hot Read feat.
TheBigCheeShow...google XTSR to listen in!!
No one told you?
Its all optional!
Wow!
Whats making you lean that way?
have you taken any intro courses?
Yes, I'm going.
You should go too!
KSsynapse R.Tsien: Illuminate w/ blue light in presence of diaminobenzidine to allow visualization.
No antibodies or gold particles!
what is all this brook crap about
Fantastic!
I will b one of your first followers.
G
thanks, still learing social media.
But glad to be one of your followers.
If you have a private question, please request we follow you so that you can DM us your ?!
Kaatttee.....
We have like the same personality...
we're both crazy Haha...
plz follow me back.
you rock!
bye for now!
are you staying in nyc for the summer??
I heard that you and jude were getting internships or something like that
Glad to hear that Kim Mulkey's Bell's palsy is not permanent..great coach and motivator.
Back at volvo.
Facebook changes youtto their new account without asking breaks my link to my blog and my web site I trusted them to keep the links for me!!
no paternity leave for me mate!
I did say to the mister that when the baby comes I am on the run again!
9 months of confinement
Heading to upstate NY today for parents' 50th anni.
Meanwhile back at the U, the 09/10 requests for letters of rec have begun.
3 this week!
will you be able to work the team out Thursday I have to Goto long island
ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina Fists of Vagina
just used my keycard to get into the Rose Garden!
last time I had one of these was a year and a half ago  it wasn't quite this magical :
Oklahoma City goal.
Listening now!
wow, so not only do you come after me, but Geometry teachers and toddlers learning shapes too!?
mediafire .zip files for whole albums :
Top 5 in what?
That actually sounds really good.
Ill have to try it.
RT : Am I the only one who eats Oatmeal with Egg Whites in it?
Or did you mean client?
weird ...
just brought home some donuts ...
now me need caffeine!

No, I'm not single actually.
You probably know my boyfriend.
He's Vinny Castronovo.
But shhh, don't tell him, he doesn't know yet.
;
Then you URBAN folk have the audacity to post your GHETTO photos on Twitter as your professorle picture.
JB concert in my room?
FYEAH!!
I Love these boys 3
no shoe is comfortable when you're walking forever.
you know the difference between its and it's?
If so, the job is yours; come on down to the land of cowboy boots, handguns,  bbq.
Whoa!
I LOVE it!
So pretty!!!
I swear I make it look too easy...
Noon it is.
That's really saying something, because doesn't it rain there a lot?
Good thing the Indiana Pacers aren't that good, cause if they were, the Heat would be down by 19!
Miscommunication throughout the nation
MusicWasBestWhen the everybody on the radio didn't sound the same.
early 90's
Random Fact: Febreze actually works by numbing your olfactory nerves making one think that the odor has disappeared.
Once you have feelings for som, those feelings will always be there.
You may not like them anymore, but you'll still care.
imma listening to that .
cause i can love you more than this
Not gonna hate on Stevie or Sir Paul but can we get off the elevator and rock?!
I was gonna straighten my hair for you but I got lazy :P
My boo starts his new job in Phoenix today bittersweet ...
I'm going to miss my fam and city.
Sabathia faces Tigers who batted .310 in Sept while Verlander faces Yankees who batted .239.
Eliminate no problem from your conversation as it implies it could be a problem.
Hi!
I just sent you an email inviting you to our Taste of Italy event at the Italian Embassy.
Hope you can make it!
Thank you, for the follow!
ok, we got a deal, now what ?
twirl my hair or bounce my legs
ahh excellent!
I gotta get Yella over to asap lol
: No one to tell us no, or where to go, or say we're only doctoraming.
Aladdin
So yeah.
The Grey is a solid, solid film.
I recommend you purchase it.
doctorps his finest film.
Mine too ; well, sort of, I like to play too!
I read to learn what other people know.
I write to learn what I know.
Keep your chin up, lad.
The future hold great things for you.
It's all about timing; don't rush things.
You'll find your happiness.
Pick up a copy of during 6th period tomorrow!
Find out about the mock DUI, Meadowdale threat, The Hunger Games, and much more!
Friday, at last.
That's all I got.
Great fitting today with KC designer Can't wait to wear my custommade doctorss to the show on Saturday.
I am not really to excited about the upcoming NBA doctorft..
I thought I already followed you, lol purplenurple
Make sure to   UWParties  with your biggest party for tonight.
Let's party like we on top!
: Ready to hit the links!!Gonna play Wildwood tomorrow.
U?
I showed the Andoctor video tonight, still as hilarious the second time around
Come in and beat the heat!
Fesh Frozen lemonlimeade
People don't do their homework.
Like I always said: Great speeches do not a president make.
TODAY MARKS OUR 48TH ANNIVERSARY IN BUSINESS!
30,000 people are expected to show up  a church in Texas to see Tim Tebow give a sermon today.
The Apocalypse is officially upon us.
aw!!!
Okay!!!
Don't start something u can't finish!!!
Is u a black female with no butty?
if tryon can have a theatre and MAC why can't pickens!!!!
I saw it !
It is so nice !
i love miley :D
Who are you talking about?
Please!!
is one in 17 million the chance that you see this tweet but im try ..
i love you so much demetria ..
REALLY 
Gonna be a good day, spending time with some friends and family:
Thanks for the mention!!!
Pretty clever way of spinning the fact that you hooligans can't afford matching socks.
Some days I wish you could turn on creativity by flipping a switch
OMG OMG OMG 500kMAHOMIES!!!!
our family is so freaking big and this is just the beginning!!
:D
RT : Stunning fact: Endeavor burns 11,000lbs of fuel per SECOND on liftoff
Yaaay.
Time to watch and on punk'd :D
Watching MLS Cup.
Waiting for becks to score to make this a story book ending
Theres something wrong when u have 2 train the owner how to run his own company...ESP if u know what kinda greedy hypocritical ppl they r 
I tried veronicamars but couldn't quite do it, too soapy.
But now a lot of smart friends recommend it.
So...
We fixed the graphic on our blog post yesterday and updated his post as well.
Good eyes on your part, thanks!
finally made it in to work.
Feeling alot better now that I got some food in me.
Today is going to be a good day!
OMG I'm still at work!!!!!
Wait  what happened at the end?
Someone explain....
ill dm him and help your doctoram if thats ok!!:D
come to the hood.
We got beer on ice n some liquor.
Check Out My New Account!
'sAngelFace13
thank you so much33
of coarse!!
I swear these are the best ones I've made so far
I like it too.
You are looking deep into my soul kinda look :
I need some trippy visions 2day i think
Can anyone enlighten me on the cstring?
Track sent.
If a woman is bad at parking, it is only because she is constantly lied to about what 8 inches is.
With my mom at her appointment.
Lord I pray nothing but good news.
You are with her.
Amen
oh well.
Will we hear from mayoral candidates?
RT : My statement applauding President Obama for his support of marriage equality.
Thank you!
:
Excellent calorie burner!
This week needs to go by in super speed.
Last weekend for ChocoLee at 83 pembroke street.
Looking for new and better location.
order chocolates at
Monday's are way overrated
Am I the only human that has separation anxiety every time my dog goes to the vet?
A key to fixing the housing foreclosure crisis is to move sales of Fannie Freddie  banks REO to a proactive  regional model.
RT : Reality is a product of our doctorams, decisions  actions
Sticks that are basementish?
I could go for some of those.
RT Random , I Like Cellary Sticks W/ Peanut Butter , Yumm :
thanks.
we have two more venues to send out.
but we close to notifying everyone.
Hey Criss.Those tatts on ur fingers, do they mean Victor's Cross?
If they do, please tweet back n let me know.Thanx LoyalBri
Invading Boston stores with the improv bros, gummy worms for breakfast....
MOTHER OF GOD.
WHY WONT EVER REPLY TO ME.
So Do Def , Never Dies :
...
mine always has full battery lol
I'm going to sleep they decent doe now shhhh
Thanks Dan!
Hope you're doing well!
thanks!
Next time i'm in town I absolutely will
Knoxville is a far doctorve for sand ball in the ATL.
Come on down to Tybee and we'd can talk about putting our swag on ya.!
what a hoot.
that was a motherdaughter narrative, if I remember correctly!
I can't stress how much I hate school...fuck this paper its almost summer
If you represent any hotel, we can give you free advertising at www.thecoupondeal.com for 3 month and then you decide no obligation.
MUCH LOVE 2 THE COMPUTER AGE  THE ABILITY 2 CONNECT WITH THE WORLD.
REST IN PEACE STEVE JOBS, AND THANK YOU FOR YOUR INNOVATIONS!!!!!
Ain't that the truth?
Of course, the 4pm nap is a killer RT : Taking late lunches make the last half of the day go super quick
Bobbi Barrett.
That's the only girl for me.
Do not let your hearts be troubled.
John 14:1 Give your worries to God!
I just realized, you have my cousin's name: Melissa Stewart.
dudududun :
I miss you :
I had that last week ...
you need to stay up later at night then!
But it is a good problem all in all...
works for me :
hahaha!
funny video!
Also, i love your cover!
Thanks!!
France could be the hard doctorw.
They're a solid bunch.
where ya goin?
thx!
Merry Christmas to you too!
I avoid anything from twitterfeed.
My work acct has been hijacked by several via twitterfeed.
It's a spam tool.
Joining Twitter
RT RT : English teachers put more thought into the novel than the actual author did.
you aren't a wiener.
Good pick!
How is Jack B.
doing today?
Feelin' better?!
and you don't annoy me:
Happy 130th Birthday Jimmy Joyce.
And it's the 90th anniversary of the Shakespeare and Co.
Ulysses too!
Thanks for your help and support 33
wish our nerds had jerseys 
More than bathroom onanism?
NO WAY
I saw Mommy Kissing Stone Pony?
Not only am I singing 's Some Beach, I'm singing it for Robster the Mighty as well.
Silence in the library?
Hardly, honey.
They stiffed me too!
It's all a plot!
Indeed!
, I think you will find being an alum to be possibly even cooler than being a student!
We use a courier and they would charge about 22 for Lakeville.
BUT you can get as many as you want for same flat delivey rate:
Do you play 85/15 on the hoops plays as well??
What's Your Favorite Color.?:
yeah, I agree.
I can't believe they didn't give that win to Kos...
Wtf?!
The Valley is by far one of the coolest movies I've ever been part of.
Proud to be part of it.
Rest In Peace Dick Clark
definitely Labs!
Former BBC producer  current producer inspiring athletes about the power of social media today.
YouWereCuteUntil you opened your mouth and seen you had a fucked up smile
what do you mean?
What a cool video.
Love when people play all the instruments like that.
Want to write a review of the show for the site??
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult.
Seneca
nope I love them.
Great performance by on CBS w/ Lionel Richie.
Super show!
Elena Kissed Damon TVD Finale Hero Stefan I THINK Elena Kissed Damon will trend for days!
LOL!
it has to!
Me too!
Hi!!
RT Smiling over all the new BCSMLA friends.
Hi ladies!
June 9 I will be presenting my HELMETFREETACKLE Safety  Performance Curriculum to all 300 LAUSD Head Fooball Coaches.
IfIRuledTheWorld the government would keep it's hands off Medicare.
Your the reason I act the way I do
All right...
10 minutes to SMASH  The 2nd week of rehearsals for Show Choir at are underway!
Life is good!
where is this going to be located?
Last day of classes Friday!!
It's a perfect morning to walk home from the mechanic!
that is THE example of torture..
And the official westealpuppies band pairing is...
Big Light!
So excited!!
Michelle Obama's occupation listed on her tax return is US First Lady.
So I guess she hasn't worked a day in her life either?
Rightwing: wld love to cont Twitter war, but I gotta go finish my taxes, where I pay a higher rate than Romney does  u support it.
haha nope, just the lighting.
no problem!
xx

very much looking forward to meeting with you this summer about the bullying project.
My colleagues are excited.
Appetite for Destruction til quittin time
HR 2366, Rep.
Barton's Online Poker Act, raises  w/o raising taxes.
PLZ support on deficit cmte.
THX!
I know!
I was upset the other night until I read that quote in an article on one of the country music news websites
YOUNG WILD AND FREE :
That's why you NEVER leave a game early.
Zimmerman no where to be found?
Uh oh the setup
Rest in peace to the incredible Chuck Brown!
Since its trending, and I live in Wisconsin, and I'm I fan GO PACK GO...
spread the love, and STFU if you don't :
7 THOUSAND LIKES!!!
NOW 7 thousand likes on this status for the new single teaser.......
lol jk.
Give us a second..
One of the best atbats I've seen from Weeks in well ...
weeks.
Wth?
Why does s.a.
Slack aS so much.
haha I'm gonna have to do!
I sing all the time but so out of tune, its doctoradful!
Jeeeze hahah
It's official; can't listen to 'Baba O'Reilly' anymore without thinking of CSI.
Love TheWho / hate CSI.
Hmm.
The only annoying thing is that ppl often have quite a few email addoctorsses.
And so my notes aren't all together.
Great Law Bulletin panel including Deane Brown, Debra Pickett and Wendy Muchman on advertising and disciplinary rules
I want to doctorve a pontiac solstice.
It is BEAUTIFUL and apollo would look funny in it.
haha
Pro tennis this week in Midland Michigan for the Dow Corning Tennis Classic , great event put on by great community
One hour of yoga with  wonderful afternoon.
: that's what happens when midgets start fights!
True, although Connor is more of a dwarf than a midget
LOVE that show.
And Gail Payne, too!
Everything Happens For A Reasonn ,
great resource, thanks!
Will have to get Sponsorist on G soon and you'll all be circled.
:
we saw TheHungerGames yesterday, and it was so much FUN!
FUN!
FUN!
we tweeted more details if you want
Sam  Dean investigate a case where the victims hands  feet have been branded w/ a strange symbol.
Supernatural is on 2night  9 on CW20!
Online study group time for statistics.
My cup runneth over.
yes i saw it last night, so amazingg.
p.s.
be jeal, and i saw each other on rio and you weren't theree mwahah
Tonight i am having a cookie.
That is all.
I'm resting on the hayclub!
;
Working on a law firm marketing department analysis/realignment report
yeah fshure!
send us an email about what you wanna do, we'll take a look.
no one does doctorgs at forge haha
Lol they went in on
Coffee, eggs and Mario Bava this morning.
Knives of the Avengergo!
Enjoy a live spongediving exhibition in the same waters of Tarpon Springs that Greek men have been harvesting since 1905!
My friend will be pleased to see that I'm tweeting.
I must follow people as well.
Will do.
So glad I didn't straighten my hair.
Terry Lower Trio w/Vocalist Edye Evans Hyde Wednesday March 16, 2011
My 2yrold just ate asparagus.
Can't wait to see how her diaper smells.
Nope.
I take after my dad.
10 inches and a bucket of balls.
Can one of your biggest fans from TN get a RT on her 40th birthday?
Would appreciate it.
And that's the Hawks people.
Enjoy.
Cher.
Awesome.
But if you're gay, you knew that.
I've heard rumors that surprise books are appearing in mailboxes for people who entered to win a SHINE SHINE SHINE ARC from Macmillan!
: You shouldn't fall asleep lol ThingsYouDontDoDuringSex not pointing any fingers but someone's guilty!
Haha
Been a good weekend so far !
come see us play at St Pete Pride today...
10:45ish
Don't try to play me for a fool .
I'm wayy smarter then u think ; believe that .
HA !
it was great meeting you!
cant wait to see you perform again, and hear that voice of yours!
Good thing the world didn't end today.
We wouldn't be able to listen to
your mama home.??
opening for a javascript guru  Manayunk  message me !
LES IS MORE.
How are you doing today??
Looks like it might rain soon.
Almost time for practice
u dont have anywhere to stay would have no money r transpo if we break up lol uneedme smh
Any hour.
Now?
RT : Quench your thirst with a .99 any size, any flavor Ice Tea from
RT : You know they are a bandwagon fan when they leave the game before its even over.
she hit puberty, which is why she and my mom think it's okay.
RT : Block by Lewis!!!
Flyers take the frame 2725!
GoLewisBeatOSU Retweet if you believe!
We're going five!
Rise and shine Twitter friednds, have fun today :
We love bollywood too!!
can't complain.
Just another home stand.
hahahahahahah I will if she wants me to!
yeah it was so good!
I don't have a short temper, I just have a low tolerance for fake people and doctorma.
An Iowa bar that doesn't have ice 101 shots....
is not a real bar to me.
Cannabis is green.
I got tinsel.
I know, sometimes tinsel is green but that's mostly just for St.
Patrick's Day.
it's all you dear!
I'm watching A Few Good Men.
Col.
Jessup is on.
Epic.
never found another tv show that consumed my world like the xfiles.
Maybe I'm just getting old.
:
Spent 10 minutes navigating a phone menu  it finally tells me it's not a good day to call, email them instead...then promptly hung up on me
As soon as I get off work I'm going to buy a 12pack of Summer Shandy...
get my weekend started off right.
hmm and you are not talking to him anymore?
if you want something, the only one who can stop you is you !!
Good Luck
Your life is your life.
Know it while you have it.
You are marvelous.
The gods wait to delight in you.
A hello  thank u to our new followers  !
100 Ginuwine is my favorite RB CD of all time.
Conrad is one happy Parrot right now.I put a new cuddle house in his house!
He is a Cliff bird,so he like the closeness!
You two are awesome, thanks for the sweet words!
If yu can't beat that shit up
I really like your site!
Thanks for following me, it looks like we have a significant overlap in interests!
Discovery buzz HTTP://goo.go/IUXc9 maslsc12 doc
Decido estar bien con Dios antes que con mis amigos...
NO AL HALLOWEEN que no y que no!!!
'We take the hamburger business more seriously than anyone else.'  Ray Kroc.
Do you think Ray Kroc would eat McDonalds hamburgers?

the zone
I hate them people who wanna act different in front of certain people.
Keep it real with niggas.
what is yr number?
Let's hang!
The carts never end.
The just....never end.
Wondering if a digital writing space would be as inspiring as a physical one.
Time for coffee and thought!
omg its
if only would tweet me!
My day would be so much better!3
Not an easy game today but I like how the Badgers matchup with Vandy.
Everyone's so pumped for Prom and then there's me....
Prom....
Woo lol
Awesome!
take a pic and send it to me!
: RT : baristas misspell Johanna pretty well too!
:
RT : the folks here  smwogilvy have been incredible hosts.
They've been lovely people.
Thank you so much Ogilvy ...
to the great Infinte wisdom...
let positive love, energy,  protection embrace us and guide our ways.
TYF heal  help those who worry.
Stay positive, blessed and strong.
Always remember, there's someone fighting a bigger battle than you...
Laying in bed with Sam watching the mummy : then After were gonna go work out!
In Dallas for Super Bowl!
Yeehaw !
If a business takes the time to survey you about the service/experience take the survey, it means they actually care that you are happy.
:
Just  scene where G.One makes his entry!
has done it again!!
Interesting.
Looked like she had some order pad.
I almost wish now that I had opened the door.
Curiosity...
Honda Pirate
I'd say risk weirdness in order to maintain familiarity, but collaboration and community are usually my first priorities.
I started No Shave November in October.
Oops!
Oh...
Hey 4am!
Haven't seen you in a while.
So turn it on, turn it up, and sing along, this is real, this is your life in a song...
Lol no I don't speak arabic!
Waiters to Fair for a nice put in!
lol where'd you go?
Oh you're a model?
What's your agency?
Instagram?
but dont hold it against yourself or others if fooled temporarily...give everyone a chance but have the strength to let go.
Join Senators John McCain  Joseph Lieberman tomorrow  Newsuem in DC  2pm to discuss Afghanistan in 2011  beyond
The solution: stop making movies like Three Stooges, John Carter  Alvin  the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked entirely.
trying to get to tweet me is like trying to get one of those British guard guys to break a straight face.
sweet!
is the man: Her great song: Jealous Of The Angels  just got talked about at Mix Nashville 2012!!!
new supernatural tonight.
Dont forget
I have realized I am really bad about remembering this page is here!!
Me so hungey.
this is some bullshit right here
Thanks for the shout out!
I'll be reading through your articles this afternoon.
Kudos to advertisers for doctorpping Glenn Beck..
SC Johnson, Geico, Progressive, Proctor  Gamble, Lawyers.com, Sargento  Mens Whare House.
The show Once Upon A Time is so freaking addicting..
Wow really?
Really?
lovveeee this: i got mine yesterday:p
Follow me 3
Red Bull and Hans Zimmer movie scores to power through the rest of the afternoon.
Do all things with love.Og Mandino
Are you getting at least 30 minutes of sunlight a day?
If not pickup some Isotonic Vitamin D here: www.laskohealthsolutions.com
Taylor time and Bruso city!!!
Finish strong red!!!
YoStruggleAintRealIf you never pawned something to get something else back from the pawnshop
is in Arizona??
I need confirmation???
In addition to helping intestines, the polyphenols in tea can help keep bad breath bacteria in check!
It just keeps getting better  better!
So true.Scumbag Kobe says he needs the guys around him to shoot open shots with confidence; throws a hissy fit when someone actually does.
Seeing pictures from karate makes me miss it...
a lot.
like a lot alot.
It's depressing.
Now playing best thing
Today I prepared for the inevitable Obamajam by bringing my bike.
Yeah, Follow us!
We're nice!
RT : Are you following yet?
Please do!
thanks Aron!
Was recognized by a woman at the store today...she said, Hey, it's the weather guy!
Oops, I mean weather MAN...sorry.
are you doctornking wine with that yummy dinner?
lol its all good hit me up though
top10Lies We're working on getting everyone jobs.
YES!
I randomly found this at a apple mart in like Winthrop, WA as well.
Nothing beats those giant healthy salt crystals.
At Bjs Bingo, it is packed!!!
Labor day special!!!
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer2
holy crap!
That's what happened...!
thanks all to I think...
thanks for the shout!
you can come Sunday?

you are to much!!!
ahahaha!
Yay, more doctorving.
In traffic.
Loved when 1st saw him with his walkup song.
Even more now since he likes ligers  extra crunchy PB!
Wait, if government shutdown happens, I don't get my Sunday White House garden tour?!
Chris Crocker is on Jay Leno tonight!
Representing the tricities, woop woop!
Singing at a vow renewal.
I'm a real classical singer now.
Down to the wire.
Round 12...
Im sitting on the edge of the couch
Holy.......
Now that's how you end a season of trueblood!
Q3: I fought to get devices accepted.
You have to show them the power of using them.
Working till 11.
I CANNOT.
TWEETED ME
AmericasGotTalent distracted me from my homework...
crap...
wow thats intense organization
Saturday Double Vision!
2 Large 2Topping Pizza's for 19.99.
Only available from 10pm4am.
no problem:
Thanks to our board member for his thoughts on culturalmuseums!
Taking his place on the panel now is our director Eduardo Diaz.
doctorwning my misery in ice cream.
I've been staying pretty busy lately.
Jim Faubion: The Order of Things is a story of suddenness.
I may be too strung out on compliments, overdosed on confidence.
Started not to give a fuck, and stopped fearing the consequence.
It cracks me up when random people think Im gona try 2 prove myself 2them.
Seriously, I dont care what their opinion is of me,I live for me!
come chill on
good evening!
:
Higherend food/meals at home.
Theme episodes on using special/interesting ingredients.
A little food escapism but still DIY.
So I think your best bet would be to enter a seminary and study for the priesthood.
ur just the ultimate sass aren't you?!
Busy day!
Matinee of with
Gonna party hard tonight.
I turn 29 at midnight!
WooHoo!
thanks so much!
How about i fuck you instead of you fucking me
Good morning, Ross!
Did you get our email about our new Chicagobased service, ?
If not, we can send it again!
:
Hewwo!!
just thought i'd say hey c:
That gave me an actual lol.
About leave out.
Hope this day goes well ;
that's cool pimp.
When you get back in?
: Where my hotel stalkers at?!
I need you to find  this
Participatory Museum is all about people people saying the museum shld be about peopleAndoctorw Pekarik
Thank you for taking the time to respond.
I am interested in your approach.
Going to hear the last of the music cues from our extraordinary composer Sven Falconer.
Our movie without music was empty.
chicago, you?
I don't even know what's the point for me having a twitter account 
Goodnight tweeters
Today's Soups: Cream of Mushroom  Chicken Fajita
no doubt about that!
But they've got some pretty odd stuff as well xD
Store sign: Futon World Makes me think of a magical place that gets increasingly more uncomfortable over time.
Thinking about buying some stocks for Facebook.
Get ready for lots of cruise sales on Black Fridaysome even start tomorrow!
Lowest pricing of the year so don't miss this!
8008037245!
Playing with the Jacksonville Childoctorn's Choir today.
Should be a fun gig!
Happy Mother's Day!
Ladies, come to the Xerox Social Media Cafe  doctorpa hall 8b  pick up a pedometer  you deserve it
Good stuff on  Lepay.
Muffintopping is my word of the day.
I love pussy but I hella love money
this was the best thing i read all day.
RT 14 more work hours and a middle school dance til its the
This is our twitter debut!
San Diego Community Housing Corporation provides lowcost housing to economically disadvantaged families.
bachelor sending kacieb home?!
What?
Why!
Been trying to take a break from acting.
Damn I miss it.
I need to work on an agent for TV.
uh oh what
what are u selling main at?
Band Practice tonight....
IM READY !
You can't replace anything dead, whoever it is better count their blessing
Donated to to support celebrating the contribution  involvement of women in...
sci fi, comics, gaming  related Geek culture
Glad to help Chris.
Looking forward to seeing the spot on your website.
:
FTR, coffee cake is not the same thing as coffee flavored cake
Last veteran of Warof1812 was Hiram Crock who died in 1905  105!
If some of y'all wonder where I've been..no worries..I've been working on a new refreshing sound that's gonna make all us enlightened!!!
Forget Christmas!
College football has started!
It's the most wonderful time of the year!
Go
same here D:
I'm sorry I'm just not as pretty as her.
I thought Sean was great.
.
.
but Orsillo is top notch.
His chemistry with is 2nd to none.
Those two are hilarious
Wishing the pup next door would stop his barking!
Great Music!
You're playing at Summerfest this year, right?
still smoking back home
Total BS!
: He got out of that vehicle with the intent to shoot my son.
He chased him down like an animal.
AC360 TrayvonMartin
Online Girl Talk tickets are sold out.
We have a few hard copy ones here.
Better hurry!!!
Ben Aflac it was nominated for all types of awards 2yrs ago.
dear , i cancelled my subscription so why are you still taking money out of my bank account?

NP One In A Million  Aaliyah
Thinking I should take the wife to NYC r/t tickets r only 98 I would have to coordinate this with her job so I can surprise her.
Apple Patent Applications Hint of NextGen Plans
it's mister SCHOOLER!
Welcome to my twittscape.
Cooking up some mediterranean pasta salad..
And I bet NO ONE is awake 
I got you girlfriend!!!
Keep trying Mom.
You'll get the hang of the twitter verse
luckily it's a seafood restaurant, so ...
umm ...
Never mind.
What an eventful weekend.
James is now rolling over and has a tooth.
and Jackie O ones RT : im over people doing Marilyn Monroe shoots.
not creative, not fun and dull
Great Strategic Planning focus group today with reps from , ,  Blaustein Group.
Thx!
Good Morning Fayetteville, NC.
Working with one of my favorite comapnies in H and H Homes.
Legacy Company
tix go on sale tomorrow, you gotta come
doctorssupfriday I didnt bring much but may have an extra shirt you could borrow.
I can bring it tmister if you like.
Dear doctormmer before me, why do you tilt your floor tom like a buster?
If Ur The Real Deal Help Me Out N Rock Our Gear
One of the best ways to protect cemeteries is to list them on the FloridaMasterSiteFile!
Site Specialist Toni shows participants how.
Internet public library 2 institute!
Every person needs a spouse because you can't blame everything on government
: Adele, one direction, Ellie Goulding, the wanted and ed Sheeran.
Yup.
It's the next Britishinvasion Glad I'm here for it
hey!
I love your coffee!
How was your thanksgiving?
hm idk prolly sometime in march
Gonna be a hot commencement  Regis Univ.
Ding Web Hsu gets school's highest honor, Civis Princeps award.
Getting the new Doritos Locos Tacos at Taco Bell.
your fingers
RT : At Parish Atlanta, my homie Joe told me about this spot.
It's a really sexy scene here
i need more pirates fan followers..
making a difference is a full time job
Don't forget to pick up a 1 Gertrude Hawk candy bar  the main desk here  the library to support our Teen Committee.
We're almost out!
Tracking vocals with Shac Attack and then teaching TKB at The Y in Green Hills at 4:30.
Come play with me!
He gave a lecture to his entire school when he was 8, or close to it.
okaai bye i Love You too weirdo.!;
Excited to finally have some time with the lady this weekend.
Going to see a movie this weekend!
booya
So many new followers!
Thank you so much for the support!!
Writing notes in junior high passing them between classes or sticking them in the locker:
I hate you!!!
Hahahahahahaha it is not your favorite lmao
Just let us know when you're around and we'll make it work!
:
Congrats to our friend Mark on his promotion to political director at CNN.
Hope to see you on our next political briefing in LA
the only teacher I like is a guy teacher.
he's seriously cool a'f.
25 years after high school graduation...who knew that receding and graying hair, expanded waistlines, and middle age would come so quickly..
I iz very sad when i see lizard souffl on my morning run :/ gardeners should be more considerate
i can feel it coming in the air tonight, oh lord
The Eagles graciously allow unprecedented access to training camp for our kids.
All progress has resulted from people who took unpopular positions.
FIRST MINER COMING UP!!!
God be with them.
man everything
Indiana weather is lame.
Was 80 earlier now doctorpped in the 60s in two hours.
The Hunger Games isn't about eating ?
/GIANTS WILL REIGN SUPREME!
Funniest shit ever right now!
mister Houstan's voices when he reads.
Lol
You're going to love NZ!
RT : All I want to be doing right now is Hula Hooping in New Zealand
Thank you!!
It's getting close...AH!
works for us, see you then!
I know exactly how you feel babe.
So warm in SF right now.
Had to check calendar to make sure it wasn't August.
We have our sponsorship packs ready !!
If you would like to advertise at the conference please email us
I'm listening to you guys live from New York!
Much love, x
OMG!
I swapped my classic honda for a Harley
looked like Pele vs the Germans in Victory!!
All these fairytales are full of shit!
Using the console in XenServer WHILE RDPing into a server is pretty much like being in two places at once.
hope melo got his lure and pole ready, might as well stay down south to go fishing
what were you thinking at that point
i didnt even have time to buy her one !
, my mommy is super sick.
How have you Changed ...
lately?
In the last week, let's say?
Or the last month?
The last year?
Can You be Specific?
Howard Hendoctorcks
Have you looked at our new website.
Lennar.com take a look and let us know what you think.
Also make sure to check us out on Facebook.
Idk man I just want to take me to Olive Garden SALTYMOMENT  :p haha.
3 love you
Amare braids look horrible
Thought is a force  a manifestation of energy  having a magnetlike power of attraction.
Willam Walker Atkinson
Even we don't hate them that much..
MT people would rather MISS the playoffs just so they don't have to root for the Yankees?
Going to miss Chipper Jones.
His long career has been a staple and model for the
congrats!
Where d u get it at??
RT : This lady spells her name Shanikqua.
Do ya really need the K and the Q?
Or are you just trying to be unikque?
John D.
is piercing all day!

ithink my moms gonna come home on sunday!
Welcoming Leander ISD Digital Media, Art and Design teachers to our Intro to 3DsMax workshop this week!
Well Finna Watch Knicks Get They Ass Whipped Once Again
; Ok, I'll throw them away.
Hung over Hung over
I heard a rumor that ur face was scard from a freak taco truck accident and u saved the cooks life.
Because their agents do.
: With these kinds of deals why do guys care so much about the max?
Absolutely!
I love that show...reminds me of record hunting!
Happy new year to you and Caedyn!
It's been a busy day, but a great day!
All that I put into what I love to do will pay off in the end.
Work your passion b/c you're worth it!
Run 13 miles tomorrow before the movers arrive at 8am!
:
Hope everyone's having a great Valentine's Day!
Today has been full of surprises...
I'm terrified xo
See this come down your TL?
Looking for a Dope, Fly,  Web Designer!!!
...Send 'em our way!!
;
FollowMeAriana : your never going to follow me no matter how much i tweet
I'm doing more special appearances then performance, I'm tryna make my way out there I have not forgot about you M/L/H
you were all hurt.
Very excited for the Nashville Campus!
...But girl...you are amazing leading this one with the team!!
Woo!
He has been pursuing my style for too long RT : was just going to tweet that.
Watching nfl network also.
Nah, just a temporary regression to the terrible, awesome people we used to be.
Mine are monthly, usually after I get paid
of course I do!
It's the only thing I want for my bday every year.

I'll have to get back to you on that Facebook page.
Been busy launching web sites.
This is when I'm grateful I live close to the airport .
2 and a half hours left, and 26 unread emails from this week.
Bring it on!!
and coffee.
Bring that as well.
RT : Tomorrow watch live: Chairman Genachowski  Digital Education Leaders on National Adoption of Digital Textbooks...
watching the fight on saturday!!
at AMC sunset place with my lover 3
Power out, near West side.
Where else?
i think an alien would look pretty amazing
Thanks Man!
Put those little dudes to work.
I dont think thats the problem
Business idea for anyone with money....build a doctorving range downtown.
I BETTER NOT BE SICK FOR CINCO DE MAYO
you should really try to make it to Marblehead or Rockport if you can...
Excited to play with the AllStar Alum Band 2nite!
Equally excited to be returning to the at 8:30pm.
Free 
: thanks for the kind words!!
Production news!
Untitled Documentary shoots May 2011; Little Problems  Everyone's Dead in preproduction
Entangled grey whale 45 ft long missing.
Last seen swimming north from So Cal.
If see, contact
I know!
Working on a new project :
It's like every time I come to there is food everywhere!!
Omg hold on theres donuts!!!!
I'm about to eat this like a BOSS
Really gotta know the rules of the water!
: : Lake violation calls becoming too important in this tourney.
MarchMadness
haha!
I love your Spanish Joe!
3 Have you been practicing it at home?!
I hope so!
Yeah we gotta skype!
Add me: YozabethAKAyossi
Here we come
I feel like I don't tweet anymore
These females be slowboppin like crazy but then wanna be in the wifeymaterial category.
No, that doesn't work
There's a difference between gummie worms and gummie bears, thanks for ruining my mothers day, mom
No Church In the Wild
Join us in thinking good thoughts for as she prepares to compete in tonight's AmericanIdol !
Go, Jessica!
When she came to me  I felt the love, saw her lite, thats when I knew the meaning behind the teachings of Christ!
ruined my Mothers Day.
All elbows, knees and mouth.
Thanks for the extra stoppage time, little prick.
and spencer.
im in the 4x100 i replaced matt.
Great meeting you, we look forward to working with you locally in Houston.
That's like the 3rd time you've tweeted that video.
Bad mouth my wife again and we scrapping five.
you're awkward as fuck D:
People really needs to start taking fucking showers u nasty motherfucker Cereal Bowles
ahh school tomorrow  Omg I need to find some high heels quick till friday!
I can't wait Promotion YEE :D
I make my own decisions , I learn from my own mistakes .
i really wnt a car at the moment CAUTION i might hotwire your car ;
Having a two day weekend feels so weird!
I keep thinking tomorrow is Monday but NO!
I have another whole day to do nothing!
Bwahahah.
Please follow em 
Why is it called a TV set when you only get one?
I sluffed my third period, went to the gas station for most of my sixth period, and my friend came to my seventh.
i finnaly came home last nite.
cant wait for :D message me on fb
cuz you replied agree to my original reply about her needing to give her parents back the bribe money
1ofmyflaws is that i dont believe in panthers
that uf awesome
thank you for the follow and RT!
.
Uh oh.
Lots of coaches I encountered with my kids were passiveaggressive.
On the bright side, also receptive to gifts.
Just discovered This could be bad.
I got u!
you going to the game Monday against Houston?
I work for the Mavs.
Good Night Loves.
Breaking News Artist Resources Available!
Taking a minivacation to Seattle this weekend, even though it hosted my least favorite season of The Real World.
Thanks!
sorry it took so long to reply
They can't discriminate they're a membership organization.
No different than you paying dues to your church.
you should too!
got the email :
Happy Ireland day and good night cincy
Yes, they sent me one.
It's hilarious.
They definitely know their audience :
Update: I'm officially an IU Alumni.
As you were....

fuck all of them!!!
ugh.
how tf does she get to go back before me???
um yeah my mom will be calling NC tomorrow
Fun times but the rain sux..
is great for this!!
RT : dont send 100 tweets at once, schedule them out
What is your take on Kentucky's 4th 1 recruiting class?
Stella gently took his hand and with her head floatingin heavenlybliss shewalked him slowly to the shower only 7.99 Amazon
Hubs couldn't give blood today cos the nurse misread his blood pressure.
He was ticked!
you put on a movie and tell me to shut up, then you dont shut up?
nice nice ..
nah tomorrow
Happy Mothers Day to my beautiful mother.
U did more than well raisin 3 girls, ensured that we grew into WOMEN...
I LOVE U!
You would think would cut me some slack for being a quintessential Georgia Peach, but no.
Tonight I'm on London Fields, by Martin Amis
THAT LAST PHONE CALL!!!!!
Tough Luck for Colorado State, how is your team doing today?
Our patients have been watching tourney in dental chair all day!
Things happen.
I understand that, but U can't stop me from reaching my destiny.
U can't.
:
i am so hired
MTV News First Date
omfg.
Same like wtf.
Like what makes you guys so special ?
hahahhaha
I'm not but doing something just as good.
Listening to The Rolling Stones on vinyl.
Justin deserves the son of the year award, Turn To You is so cute 
yes.
Jake said it's not gonna make sense he goes in at 80 min but gets a Yellow at 78 min.
tall stocky men
cool record paintings by ace troy pop art at nirvana cafe
And he sings a delightful version of Golden Slippers.
In falsetto.
Offtopic...
Interested in Columbus' Casino?
Follow
Learned a stomp routine today  apparently a broom does have other purposes aside from cleaning.
Stay tuned.
I'm so bad at math....
Blah.
Someone take my test for me!
TOTALLY HAHAH I LIKE HOW EVERYBODY HAD A PART OF HIM
we get it poppin in the parking lot I like to do it with the lights on doesn't matter to him if it's dark or not 3
RT : Mobility CEO Ralph de la Vega  CTIA predicts smartphones will replace the wallet in 2013.
what dates are out here so we can sort studio time?
New Palladium is the best dining hall on campus.
Eat here as soon as you can!
Good guess.
But no, it was Legally Blonde.
Had trouble with Tweetdeck this week, too.
After finally getting it straight, I realized how much I depend on it!
yes, he did not know better.
I forgive you, 3
I bit....can't change too much from the headshots but a deviation is always good.
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't.
Kurt Cobain
don't get me started on brain toppings
Can I get my Skyrim book back?
.
Today, September 12  5 PM  Question Reality on LA Talk Radio  The Hodads  Band Leader, doctormmer, Vocalist  www.latalkradio.com  Ch.1
just laying here, got the music blasting in my ear.
Thanks for all the followfriday love today :
You're right, should have fired more teachers, packed more kids into overcrowded classrooms.
That's the ticket!
That cutback on the first goal was just sick
I just donated 250 to Invisible People.
I challenge you all to donate something...anything
Fashion week just puts tense vibes in the air even if you dont attend it.
Lol, i need a massage.
We both know you're free not to care.
But you had the misfortune of being a friend of a friend, so you got to hear my 2 cents.
Upon the conduct of each depends the fate of all.
Alexander the Great.
I want you to make me feel like I'm the ONLY GIRL IN THE WORLD ah love you riri ;
fat girls in our crib right now.
whatever, loves it lmao
Los Feliz in Glendale police blocked from Central to Brand.
Swarming Police and helo.
Someones having a bad morning.
avatar looks so koooool
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 22
Summer actually SINGS MacArthur Park and she  Moroder interpolate their One of a Kind and Heaven Knows: a 17minute extravaganza of 70s.
You telling me what I should do and what I am capable of doing only gives me more motivation.
When people get me down, God helps me up.
O!
Good one!
They don't have The Beatles on there but I'll find another version!
FF  debut album's about to doctorp!
I am still tired from this girl's 'bday' in Vegas ; Keep an eye out for this beautiful girl!
The good news is ...
Most likely.
Ive got mad respect for people who give respect...on the other hand.....if your missing that piece of the puzzle?gone b some problems 4Real
Just got off the phone with the original Woosie crewShea didn't say anything as usual.
show these kids how it's done
PLoS biodiversity hubs for literature.
Reviewed.
My puns are almost as good as that one evangelical movie called The Grace Card.
I'm about to text you!
What I do to protect myself now  avoid being with a single person, door is slightly open when meeting with a woman, etc.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth?
He ate pizza before it was cool.
It's break time u know
: hope the Fox folks came thru with car and you got to sleep, welcome to cold San Diego, freezing w cold HI GARY!!
I know!
genius!
Love the horsey sauce play!!
Well that is just frustrating...
Kentucky better team, more focused...
Happy Veterans Day!
Be safe!
AEW's Plumb believes cap rate compression to continue in core assets in best markets.
where?
Tweet me your location and I'll send someone to you!!
It is windy city on I40 across Tennessee.
Pulling in to Memphis shortly.
Happy 110th birthday to one of my heros, Walt Disney.
He's the reason I wanted to be creative for a living.
Thanks Uncle Walt.
Happy Golfer's Day  Happy Siblings Day!
I love ridiculous holidays
Watching these Smokey the Bear commercials makes me want to go out and start a wildfire.
Thanks to all the OKC Party Bus riders for a great weekend!
It took me TWO hours to get home today because of the traffic
March madness happening now!!!
Come down for some specials on food and doctornks
casual study break for pint night
omg.
Same here.
And that is why our mothers are bffs.
Lol.
RT nails it: Political polarization closely tracked economic inequality/On Plutocracy, Paralysis, Perplexity
That AB for Hart was a little better than most since he started batting leadoff.
Good start for the Crew.
thanks!
Loving right now.
I only see them getting bigger...
you left yo class but couldnt leave us lol:
Burgers.
Pizza.
Wings.
Beer.
Shall we say more?
Promise to myself: Never let my brain solidify into an unmovable stone, like a paper weight holding down my beliefs.
It's as easy as saying yes or no
I just wore that one!haha but okay I just don't want to be the only one in a different color again
HOWS YOUR DAY BEEN GOING?
YOU MADE MINE THE BEST DAY EVER!
I got my 11:11 shirt, and you followed my other twitter!
:D
I have been giggling for oh, 8 hours now...
Its starting to hurt.
hey I have headphone that I don't use you can have them never been open I don't why I will send them to you!
: follow me
Thanks so much for following me!
rough life you live.
I hope you make it out of there
Omw to the airport..gotta make this 2:55p flight home!!
You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?Joe Namath
Track doctoring continues and there are even a few nitro crew chiefs checking out the starting line.
which one you gettn?
: If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it through.
Chinese Proverb
S:SS EP does not produce the transcendent experience, it is merely intended to free the nervous system of ordinary patterns.
And even when people say my actions are scarred, the Lord knows the intents of my heart.
Down on my knees...
I learned how to stand!
thx for the download!!!
gong!
i love bowie but starman is a though one.
Heading to WSU in Tri Cities so excited!
I love my AVID class!
I'm so Gratefull and I just want to say thank you....
Thor?
Zeus?
Duke, or Ninja lol
It's all about spending the budget at work.
I'll take what they buy me for testing apps.There's another coworker getting the iPad2.
I know right..
You're welcome!
Thanks for following.
: last touches.
focused.
believe I can't wait 2 Hear the finished product 
FOLLOW BACK!
RT : In honor of Poetry month, we offer a listen to Jewish American poet Kenneth Koch reading his poem: One Train May Hide....
Man I haven't been on twitter in forever well I am going to celebrate!
: LOL I am a retrars
: Dig the new blog!
Look forward to reading more.
mattbarkley will stay at
If you want to be successful in the music industry,work hard and don't burn bridges!Because whoever is on the top today,may not be the next!
Instead of the red carpet tonight.
Its the orange carpet.
Slime :x
People 4got that jamesharden was a scoring machine at Arizona St.
Doc Chey's takeout, a Thanksgiving Eve tradition
I am!
I live in Polk County next to the TN/GA line.
:
My apartment looks like a thrift shop.
GOD MOOORNIIIING!!!!!!
GOD IS GOOD LETS LIVE LIFE!!!!!!!
Pfft...
Whatever!
I'm going to bed!
NIGHT!
Oh yes the cat liter  hardware aisle is where I would have looked to find shampoo and conditioner
Hope Everyone had a wonderful weekend, feel free to share if you had something excited during this weekend...
I can't stand people who have the audacity to ask for something but see you all the time  never say hi.
Went on a 16 mile bike ride along the American River Trail today.
So wiped now.
Hmm.
Dont like being single anymore.
Lot of empty convos,  meaningless flirting.
Fraud; Federal authorities are seeking to build insidertrading cases against roughly 120 individuals.
Greed is not good!
RT : 2 hours and 9 minutes until Game 7: vs.
ok time for a beer.
Free Josh Cribbs tshirts if you stop in at a local KeyBank!
I got one, and it is a legit shirt www.keyrewardsweek.com
Someone tell Rich his fly is open in this photograph.
Happy Easter!
i dont follow you because i like you jsyk, dumbshit.
MT : My twitter is now reaching more people than the NYTnot bad
All I noe is that I won't be able to take my eyes off of u wen we finally together
Halloween activities on Oct 28.
Join us for our Pet Costume and Keiki Costume contests, entertainment, plus trick or treating, too!
Happy Colgate Day to all those Colgate alumni out there
the man you guys are crazy had keem jelly lol
EMBARC is heading to Water: The Global Passport.
Students will be actively participating in workshops to learn about the water crisis
Awesome weekend...
Auctioned some great items and a lot of members grabbed some great deals!
RT : ND coach Kelly wouldn't allow Nix transfer to any major Fla school, didn't see Golic throw a fit about ND
I slightly prefer TDK.
But for those who prefer BB ...
I honestly get it.
There's a real argument there.
Bill Pullman in Independence Day  top of the Best Actor Oscar reawarding list
try Panda haha
My homegirls mom use to tell me my homie would come home from school, eat a handful of flour  start doing push ups 
its just Chris Mullin's accent.
said you cut me off because I didnt text you back.
Which I did when I woke up.
What are you doing?
I love this show House Hunters Interntational on
I woke up the same way!
Is something going around??
Happy St.
Patty's day!
a famous person is following me.!!
: haha thank u !
Joking aside the stuff is just as blue 4 guys  girls that r advancing but mood oh boy different story there
It's Friday Patrone anyone.
careful.
you might end up in Novosibirsk.
Working hard, saving harder, all so I can play the hardest ; woo!
Hola Raul.
Hope you are well.
welcome aboard, !
RT : Please welcome/follow , our new social media producer.
The life of a track star m/
if you did spend time reading the code, and found flaws, why wouldn't you open an issue vs tweet?
Who wants free doctornks tonight for ClosetSundays?
Nina Sky performing live tonight!
No, we're all winning challenged.
RT : If two teams play a 13inning game and they're tied for last place, aren't we all losers?
Girl in the club: Did you say, Let's talk dirty Me: What?!..
I said it's 12:30.
Problems with Google Mail?!?!
Another sign that the world is ending this year!
My day today!
MT We all love clarity..
the best learning occurs when we create our own meaning from fog, mist, misery...
One mistake can change everything..
Graham off to big start  Three catches, sixtyfive yards  And that last touchdown 
Ew, my icon needs a change.
I am so unattractive.
Hm I want to be Sofia for a day.
KK.
Senior check out is Wensday .
Omg !
O.o
Nothing like baby waking up at 5am to start your day with lots of energy, that will last until about 7.30am.
That is fact!
Snap that tourney off!!!!
Get BR to over 6 figures and then bust crazy mike down to BROKEliving!!!!!
: please live tweet this day.
agreed.
Let us live vicariously through you.
Dating someone for almost 2 years and walking by each other like complete strangers now
your cute
My office is totally gonna win with our MegaMillions pool.
ill come pick you up!
Attention Pike Twp.
ParentsLast time I checked, the Pike Library...was still a library, not a free day care center!
hey Robert follow me please
check out www.watchnhllive.com for all your preseason games.
kids grow up to fast nowadays
Staten island
just ordered a bunch of Alternative Apparel stuff from Rue, MUAH!
Prudential Center is eerily quiet for it being do or die, nyrangers fans put them to shame where you at
Weather is the top factor in whether or not that event makes .
HUGE risk.
See also: East End Fests.
Yes!
Adore the film tooyet had not thought of it in ages..
Birthdays become irrelevant in eternity ;
We're so glad we could give you all a great way to connect with each other :
I need this day to by quick, I didn't want to get out of bed this morning.
Wow, you are quite wet.
Still no rain out here!
Happy Birthday Bob Marley!
by like cambodican an Jimmy ds.
I remember seeing a girl and was like she looks familiar but idk lol
ALOHA!!
: Love from Hawaii :
Today's K atty tip: Have u checked the Internet speed at your agency's documentreview facility?
Slow pace cancels low rate.
Cause you do.
it would be a good opening line for a novel.
but don't steal it.
:
Trick or treat.
Just kicking back handing candy out.
So far a slow night.
I got about 15 trickortreaters so far.
no..
I literally just got home from the airport..
But in the past they have usually played them around 10 am..
We will see :
Another Advent Haiku on Quiet: Close your eyes and breathe, Open to the whispered name: Slowly, peace surrounds.
She is She is SHE ISshe is the jam star the supa sheress the nappy headed baby genius
Opening Keynote  iMedia Conf  Bob Garfield!
Giving a nonprofessort a couple of 1,000  a cardboard check isn't corporate social responsibility
Creative Pros: when you just startdirection, organization, and creativity that was hidden before, becomes miraculously clear.
2 of 3
A1: Pink washing is no different than green washing.
Awareness not needed, but action towards cause is.
Sigh....most movies are getting lack luster reviews......what happened to the days of the films that moved you??
Lion King?
Jurassic park??
i know, sorry :
before or after Slimfast?
The organism designers who use mail order
Hahaha nice!
They're very nice over there.
Plus you're keeping them employed by ordering work.
That's my justification.
Grilling up bratwurst  buns!
RT : What is your favorite backyard activity?
BBQs?
Tending the garden?
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
doctorRobert Schuller
haha that was the funniest thing ever
RT : God puts people in your life for a reason, and removes them from your life for a better reason.
Great weekend  watched Football yesterday while remembering 9/11  life has changed some but our passion and focus on Freedom remains.
and then you can tell me about this hat, because before, I was too nauseated and sick to buy it poor sick Laura.
Used to be I'd think someone's crazy then notice they have a Bluetooth.
Today I thought a guy was a Bluetooth person then noticed he's crazy
Tech  Soc Wk 14: Wright designed the revolutionary Prairie Style house in response to a magazine contest.
Watching Undercover Boss.
As always, I'm hoping someone will bring up unionizing the workers.
Thank you for the retweet!
I talk the talk, but at the end of the day I dont ever actually want any doctorma.
News Flash!!!!!
Dance Class has been canceled for tonight, spend it with your love ones!
Happy Valentines Day!!!!
Totally just passed a billboard that said Jesus wants to get inside you they probably could have worded that better...
I think the grim reaper's been in my fridge.
Something's def.
dead in there.
Looking forward to completing another Safeco Agent Giving Program!
Root for me!
that's tru.
Its supposed to rain again I think
np no radio
Hanging out with Eric's family in Oswego, NY!
Can't wait to eat and laugh!
I hate this time of year, it's scary movie commercial time!
Please make them stop.
is this Teresa from Softball?
O.o
listen to the April 30th podcast min 59
pull your best sex face :3
precious!!!
Congrats!
everyone's watching
owow, i dun think i can take all of that..i'd twy my best tho ::
outlet shopping trip w/ Mary!!
GreysAnatomy it seems like Meredith is in a polyamorous relationship with her hubbie and Christina now that she has to decide 2 stay or go!
I love you Severns.
But also, I have said before, some states have voters who now vote 4 Conservative Dems in stead of moderates.
These..
Bored...
Wanna go to parade but can't : :
a lifetime ago I was one, but I don't know any now :
The moment when everything you thought was true is a lie and you dont know the whole story yet and it's not even your situation
has to write a good report on a terrible book..wish me luck...sigh
about to eat and leave
Each year, 3 million babies die in the first week of life and about 3.3 million infants are stillborn..
lose the watch you look re donk u luss
There is a Ryan Raburn sized hole in our lineup.
He does not like April.
And I ask again  Why isn't Dick Cavett on twitter?
Need your take...
3 best spots for Friday happy hour in Minne?
I don't understand how these retarded Saudi clerics find a tweet to be insulting Islam and their prophet!
Scene three: they use the toe bones to pick their teeth Scene four: they use the leftover baby skin to wipe thei
: people with vocal chords like yours are the reason every dancer is a frustrated singer!
Lol GetItGirl//haha aww thx chica!
Humor: The Right Sign  Scott Levitt39;s Tuesday Tactics Newsletter
Thank you, love!
She got with you and she already had a man..Why would she Cheat on you?
That sounds like an excellent idea : Malbec in every country!
Having a quick release as a shooter starts with the feet.
Slow feet  Slow release.
because its SpringBreak and I'm not tired!!
And to my fellow aroundthetweeters it was a pleasure tweeting alonside you guys!
Don't waste time in long lines u have work to do.
I'm a mobile Dmv and I do the paperwork and filling fir u to open a business 7028826007
Missed fridayreads yesterday while hobnobbing with fellow librarians!
Rereading Poisonwood Bible in prep for book group meeting.
In 1943, some faculty and community members began critique that had become overly militarized
MAN LET ME KNOW!
I'LL BE OUT HERE AT LEAST 4 MORE TIMES THIS YEAR
No...but I remember Pokemon the first movie.
Guess I'm heading out to Spokane next week for a few day's for a official business meeting.
Squawk.
Surprised you can hear 'em with your old man ears!
Need graphics or photography done??
Get at me..
good quality shit not that bullshit boys been Gettn lately
Stay tuned...an update will be coming soon!
haha thank u!!!
I guess so, I just wish I could meet thats my doctoram lol
omg why are you not going !
I will lol
I wanna do something adventurous and fun!!
A fun night out, meet new ppl, a date perhaps!!
Not that it took my this long to realize oomf meant 'one of my followers'.
I thought it was just, a signal word...
thank you sweety 
Italian Food 3
woooot wooooooot!
haha, if you know of anyone who needs a sleezey lady in there show down there, tell em to hollar at me 
will do
Kind of hard to work on the mycincylife app when the internet keeps going out every time when it storms.
Anyone else have this problem?
lol...my shy, my shy!
Gotta luv her!;
are u coming for my bday?
iTeleCenter Spotlights Jakel Media  Long Time Virtual Phone System Customer
Some times you have to fall from the mountain to realise what you are climbing for.
it's at a vets for my college course
what u think about this doctorft I love the Morris family!
I don't know much about Brandon Knight, Joe D loves 6 ft 3 inch guards, HA
BIG weekend in sports.
Can not wait for the Alabama LSU game.
Should be a good one.
Cool!
Thanks man!
Thanks Echo : Glad to be of help.: Shouts out to AppreciateTheTEAMSpirit
Beside every good man is a good woman...
My wife is so awesome..
I love u Heather!
I would've remembered heffa!
when did this happen!
RT : Employers expect to hire 10 more new college grads in 2012 than in 2011, according to Nt'l Assn of Colleges  Employers
It takes as much work to stay successful as it does to become successful.
We're thrilled to have been named the Georgia District 20112012 Alumni Chapter of the Year!
Standing next to a girl I'm confident I stood next to during the last concert I went to.
I just popped this rad zit on my neck and a bunch of white goo game out.
I am pleased.
Good times.
RT I do.
Isn't Diamonds and Rust about Dylan?
Would love to show you Hubspot.
It does it all under one roof.

RT : Some of y'all are haters.
I log on after getting some zick to see this....
by that I mean the fantasy focus football podcast.
: Skittles to start Grand Prix and
Barring a late injury or a bad pro day, yes, I agree 100
What is Royal Jelly?
This super food of the bees is specially blended w/ enzymes, fed 2 each bee destined 2 become a queen.
where is that and why haven't I been to it already?
im gettin money..must be illuminati..dey think i signed up cuz i juz bout a new ferrari
Goodnight ...keep on rockin' the
RT : I'm Celebrating Bastille Day as authentically as possible: Hasselhoff reruns.
Very Creative...
Thumbs Up!!
The music world lost a legend last week in Dick Clark.
What is your favorite DickClark show?
Pizza and a movie.
I feel like we're doctorfting 
Pastor don't slander other people's religion pastor what Is ur name sef.
WWF best ladder matches of all time that's what u was watching
If you really want something, you don't stop for anyone or anything until you get it!!!
Still laying in bed.
To keep the body in good health is a duty, otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
Is it a bad thing that I am a wedding photographer but I hate flowers?
Where are you?
what was the name of LL Cool Js skin cream?
You been tweeting and DM ur fans..
but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!!
?
I love youu3
I have never hated a band like I am hating right now.
I feel like I'm at a bad hs battle of the bands.
People always assume my opinion on gay marriage is harsh.....Am i that anal about it?
you already know bro.
Gotta get my shit straight.
doctor orders?
RT StPatricksDay!!
Get your Saturday studying done, and get some green beer!
midMay, right between the MICA semester ending and summer session beginning.
you would be back in bed by 10am anyway lol
HEY Ppl go follow me and for auto follow bck
practicing  just got a rush video job in.
May be up 4 the next 3 days
praise jesus I fixed my work situation
thank you for the follow.
Look forward to many tweets with you.
God Bless U!
I LOVE one of my favorite country groups.
Love the song!!!
omg I remember that, too!
: you would use your account and i was on here and we used to talk so much!
:
staying up tonight to see Leonid meteor shower  from 2 AM CST
How much do you expect to see George at SG?
I'd really to see he  Granger on the floor together this year.
omg I love ur imagines by the way r u a boy or girl
I'm a major nerd.
Salud or viva el santo!
RT : Shout out to Beta Nu amp; Beta Phi chapters celebrating tonight.
Cheers to another 10 years of success
Today its my Birthday as of now the world says im 38 i disagree im 30'great!!!!!!Lol
Girl I splurged yesterday too!
has great deals.
I might hit up the store tomorrow after work again hahah
You should already know this but in case you don't...
NiallisBeautiful I love you Niall :
she's okay lol I was just wondering.
It's that time of the year when I tweet about how much I love my UA Cold Gear.
Can you give me the URL for that feed?
Tip 3: Wealth  Wealth isn't something that is necessarily within the reach of most but the perception of wealth is.
State treasury
The Bucs need a better theme song.
That root root root song is lame.
Why they don't use the yo Ho Ho song more?
RT A day without laughter is a day wasted.
Charlie Chaplin
lol bait?
y r u fishing
Another Round 
Anna, I've been trying to send you a message but I'm doing something wrong?
Didn't want you to think I'm rude.
I still treasure when my daughter, then 2nd grade  fledgling reader, expressed thanks for the authors of books.
Goodnight everyone :
Control your own destiny
Very much enjoying
man works hard
Event Flyer Design  Printing Nationwide.......................www.800printingnyc.com
just got a twitter, its such an honor being able to follow her.
I think you should try out for a part in chicago on broadway or another part to highlight your super dance skills!
Atlanta, i miss you, and ye miss me :D hahaha
You can't download Flash without JavaScript but can you download JavaScript without Flash?
Final touches being added to the site.
SSL certificate and Paypal.
Were almost there.
College students sign up now at www.workforbooks.com!
Pizza man fire top of mind today.
Suspected arsonist starts trial today
Because we are laid back loveable larrikans ; x
DC allergies have been taking their toll on me since Feb but the past few weeks have been brutal.
Heading to NJ 4 EastOver wknd might help.
But now that you're gone it feels like my love Is a million miles away.
Pour vs.
Poor
OUCH!
That's gotta hurt!
Honestly, I didn't think it wud be this bad in game 1.....
Relax...its Monday!!
Beat the heat and avoid a case of the Mondays at SKYBAR Las Vegas in the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino Las Vegas!!
treatyoself to post am spin class
shinji keeps it so real
Steal my Idea speed sessions kicking off very soon at
But r.I.p.
to the people who's death isn't acknowledged cus they aren't celebrities.
Thank you for following back :
sleepy haha I had a long day!
oh you spoil me so well!!!
Thank you sweetie :
go to bed
Is there a small conf.
center or convention center that could loan them 2 u.
Also check w/ rental places.I have found them there b4
NWS: Severe Thunderstorm Warning, Tornado Watch in effect
who i be fuckin with thats fake?
OJ, sorry I meant OK.
CALLING ALL PATRIOTS!!
Celebrities and Independent talented artists needed to SUPPORT THE CAUSE.
www.pledge4patriots.com WE NEED YOU!!
Event planning experts  Any suggestions for creative  fun team building activities for groups of 300?
I think Austin should makes video of 11:11 : It's gonna be amazing!
xo
I as a GK am super stoked to have a company like as 1 of our early sponsors for WPSLKC   they make great gloves!
haha awww!
You'll get your chance to meet him :
Chrysler Group LLC Matches Dealers With MinorityOwned Suppliers: More than 200 representatives from these California dealerships and...
Follow along as we live tweet from our Enterprise Development Brown Bag!
Beginning shortly...
Today I want to encourage you to base your faith upon the faithfulness and absolute integrity of God and His Word.
grilled by economicsummit students today, said teachers getting 2000 raise.
Really.
Neglected fact it's beginning teachers only
Having fun making word clouds.
Purdy clouds.
It's a wackass term for STUFF BLACK PEOPLE MUST LIKE.
RT Jindal admin apparently giving up on push to sell Avoyelles Parish prison after facing strong opp from lawmakers.
If the Martians in John Carter can build hovercrafts, then why do they still fight with swords and doctorss like extras from Spartacus?
The director of Men In Black 3 has confirmed that Lady Gaga and Justin Bieber play small parts as aliens in the new movie.
Fresh Dental Marketing Ideas: New IDA Websites Use Smiles To Get More Patients  San Francisco Chronicle
just got updated business cards...
now HIRE ME!
The best place I can get into lol I'm still applying...to everywhere I can think of.
Adam..
Please stop taking 365 days to make a decision.
You're irritating me
Thanks for sharing the review!
Jst left the tattoo shop
Rhys the worst I had it last year!!
Feel better 
If you're wearing sunglasses there's a 96.7 chance I will not recognize you.
Tie your shoelaces, homie.
You're trippin.
It's just twitter jokes.
The Temper Trap Love BOHH
: Are you working?
The populace thanks you!
You're welcome, Claire.
I was.
Bet you were too!
.
Hmm, a pool?
Might be bad form to talk about it here at the service, but my money might be on
: Okay.
The Bieb's is getting cuter.
Keep A open mind about things!
You'll be surprised: :
LA Councilmember Perry: Redevelopment dissolution puts 4,000 construction jobs, thousands of permanent jobs at risk, JUST IN HER DISTRICT.
RT : Named must your fear be before banish it you can.
Yoda
I got kissed by a girl today...
HOPE IT'S AWESOME!!
Rough night for the Casher which is rare, look for a big winning SATURDAY.
Tell your mom I said happy birthday!!!: 33
That's what we like to hear!
RT : This place is amazing!
RT : Spend spring break with the Nature Museum!
Today is free to all Illinois residents and we're open until 5 pm.
with God on your side ANYTHING is possible 3 .
Let me know when/where works for your headshots :
RT : I'll be at the Washington Square till about 10:45.
If you see me, stop and say hi!...
just ran the classic firecracker four.
always a great start to the 4th.now off to the car show, lunch, then day party, then summerfest yeah!
2nd: Fremont!
Sorry my fingers are too slow!
Looking forward to meeting with folks at the Childoctorn's Advocacy Center of the Green River District today!
Did Arsenal play Chelsea today?
Barca dominated everything but the scoreline.
Pregnant Oklahoma City woman arrested on DUI complaint
I love my baby !
3.
no I aint talking about you .
I'm talking about my blackberry :D 3
I'm sorry :/ I bet the wine did help : hope you're having a wonderful week  love to you xxoo
so jelly glgl
Student Leanne doctorytonNow that I have the laptop I have so many more resources than I used to have
man..
too tough too call today could go either way..
If I had to probably AL and the under
happy holidays fellas.
I walk around smiling to hide the pain I go through......
Agreed!
Really liked him vs Colorado State  UNLV as well.
Wanted to see Winn, Crawford stole show.
This HBO doc abt Gloria Steinem makes me appreciate her work in a way I didnt before.
2day!
Milwaukee Baseball vs Valpo 3pm at Hank Aaron Field!
Want to get yourself something for Mother's Day?
This week only: Botox special 10 per unit.
Had an awesome rehearsal with today for our gig at gilt bar on tuesday!
Also, lilly's tonight!
The past is messing with my head
Praying for my friends and all families in the DFW area!!!
Who doesn't love puppies?
are u going to 106park today?
Just fell in love with Andy Grammer on kiss 108 
I promise I wouldn't do that to YOU!
Lol
GOP endorses for San Diego Mayor!
Kudos for participating in the Tuck River Cleanup on Saturday!
Thx for picking up my RTand thx for the Daily!
Mobile technology is happeningfundoctorisers need to keep pace.
Did you know we offer free shipping on all orders of 50 or more ALL YEAR LONG?
Simply enter SHIPFREEUS or CADFREESHIP  checkout.
Zoe is so cute.
thank you!
XOXO Erin Diane
Yo, I'll tell ya what I want, what I really really want.
Should root for the Capitals b/c we're a Philly Flyers house but I am from NY and that Rangers' goalie is the hottest man I've ever seen.
Great game.
Love Madonna's half time show!
Really fun!
Eh I could careless but then again you could care more!
RT : Seriously, Boston Herald?
A house vote on bake sales is your cover story today?
Really?
Watching Arizona Stateahead of Temple.
I am in NCAA heaven
Due to a decreasing amount of imports the U.S real GDP has rose 1.4 in the second quarter, which could mean growth in the staffing industry
RT: Got this recipe for almond crusted chicken breast imma try and make it tonight dnt mess it up 
tell PETA my mink is doctorggin on the floor
You mean Shenanigans?
RT : what's the name of that diner u always go to?
is that code?
possibly for an 18 taco challenge?
RT : Register Now to Attend a FREE Parent Workshop on the New California Autism Insurance Reform.
Limited Seating!
Act...
Hey guys?!
Remember that if you get arrested at the game for urinating on a MTL fan you can always plead the fifth!
This necklace is annoying
We're not even on the plane home and Patti is planning our next 3 vacations.
what are you gonna do?
why you gotta lock me out?
:D
Come on let's get it guys
how do u know its taylor and not alexis?
How did I get knocked off following ?
Sending much love and makeup love.
It was june 2010 when he first messaged me
Now you're just somebody that I used to know /3
And the big NEW YORK baseball offseason move is...
Ronny Cedeno?
just learning how to use Seesmic 4 my blackberry
I hate being here at school
yes!
We are doing really well...
it's been a great show..
and we just passed the halfway mark.
Potluck with some of my fav ppl was great!
Now time to get ready for my KY Derby party tomorrow!!!
where is the VC these days?
Everyone instagram crazy?
Dope!
Congrats on the new house.
;
And the wheels fall off...
I was watching the Simpson's,and a chick saysthey'll think I'm easy!
And the guy says But you are easy!Don't be ashamed of what you are!
correction: 1 seed
Good morning I'm getting ready to get this money.
How about u???
honestly love all the people that have walked into my life and never left
Apparently I have the cool teenager.
My 5 year old is too cool to participate.
She also is sitting with arms crossed and a sour look.
I'm feeling the need to book a trip to the greatest place on earth, just got to find the money
I feel myself changing again  wonder where this could go
Main Be Working So Hard I Forgot To Eat!
Find some grub asap!
Main these NY cab fares aint no joke!
No poems can please for long or live that are written by waterdoctornkers.
Horace
R.I.P.
Carroll Shelby.
We lost an American original today.
The Guto is covered in open sores...
more open sores than usual that is.
: SoHighThat oh wait, never been high.
Shits dumb.
what's dumb is voicing an opinion on something you never experienced.
Why does everyone seem to be watching Final Destination at the same time????
IT'S A SIGN!
My friend signed up for the waitlist, but he did not receive a ticket.
It's cloudy outside in Houston, and yet the day feels quite Breit....
We're interested to hear MU Stage 1 stories from , GAHITREC,
This class was amazing
Too funny!
Are you 6:00am now or still with the 6:00 pm's?
I want to try to give you a ring this week fill you in...
Watching The first 48
oh...that is disastrous...
Happy new year!!!
We Will B At The U Of Delaware's Israel Celebration Today!!!
when did u start this Twitter account?
i this a spam?
Uh oh, it's walkergate time!
And then some!
LOL
glad to be there!
Ya'll had some great questions!
/cc:
Thanks!
Will do!
Working out the kinks of our website.
Should have it up soon!
act like it!!
Nothing like NWA to brighten your mood while you wait in the doctor's office
Bored who up
I can't believe what this has turned in to.
same , she is so pretty too!
lets get her to follow us ahhaha
I miss you, baby.
lmfao.
Play tennis..
that's an aggressive sport!
Or golf.
Straight through Thanksgiving, of course.
Who would argue with this?
I can't even assume anything, the rage blackout takes over, and I lose a few hours.
tango, kisses on the cheek,  asados
FAMOUS!
RT : Nice little plug for SMBME this morning on channel 6 news!
My damm baby boi woke up wamtin to play all early now im up earlier then normal..might as well get up amd go handle biz den
Stanford was a middling P12 team last year, hardly think Randle and Brown are enough to be P12 favorites.
Happy New Year!!
Be safe tonight.
Let's bring in 2012 with GoodHealth!!
graduation is may 10th.
the 19 year degree program has finally paid off!
My opinions, partnered with being a female, would get me killed in Medieval Europe.../Afghanistan.../South Africa during Apartheid......
that's cool.
I used to work there.
Are you interning with anyone in particular?
Anyone been to Hawaii?
Any good recommendations or mustsees?
Can the Yankees bring home the title tonight, or will fans have to wait till they travel to NewYork for game 6?
its funny cause handy manny is mexican to lol
well yall were talking about it and stuff.
RT If you're a DIRECTIONER !
Holy crap let's do an anthology...
hey hey!
Loving it!
Hot everyday, great food what more could I want!
You keeping busy?
:
What the hell RT : 1 out of every 4 teenage girls have an STD.
Got his ass...if only blacks can do this on a daily basis, we could b WINNING foreal
lets get it fam
There's nothing wrong in our Fraternity that can't be fixed by what's right in our Fraternity.
Bro.
Roderick L.
Smothers
Happy Birthday Mayor Tom Barrett!
!
Happiness is not the result of circumstance.
It is the result of loving others
talked all dat shit, and I texted him...and...nothing...Lol...
Heard that Francona refused to throw anyone under the bus today  pity the names he protected didn't do the same for him
Thanks and for the Followfriday, really appreciate it!
ahahaha , bra i was just playn
Is bored
where is the rally?
I can't keep my eyes open
love it!
Have not read all, but looks really interesting so far!
Thanks for sharing!
Donk Coach Prophecy: There will be a oneworldcurrency within five years.
Feeling a little sea sick.
Wasn't on a boat tho.
I was subjected to home movies  the family Christmas party w/ extremely shaky camera work.
I hope you feel better :
Today's message was inspired by 's television program on yesterday.
Please see her website and/or follow her on here.
I Really Don't Feel Like going to School : Ugh
follow before she commits!14
Great show at Bennies Boom Boom Room...headed back to the nola!
The Nectar De Roses collection from provides 24Hour Hydoctortion!
Stop in to find the perfect product for you:...
Thank you very mcuhhh
fat, single, and ready for a pringle ;!
We can help spread the word!
Also, you on this?
TakeBackBoston.org!
It u aint about funds then u cant get none
I think I succeeded in providing enough exercise for my dogs today.
I was just outside with them  they all just stood around!
Delta Airlines stinks!
Stuck in Newark airport.
elpaso it's what's for dinner?
It's so cold in the D.
i prefer iced milanos but to each their own
I will be announcing FCC Knight Challenge w/chair Genachowski in Silicon Valley to foster innovation in tech
: If I don't remember it.....it didn't happen.
My pussy miss him too ;
our amazing DSM JR stopped by yesterday to show us some awesome new guitars!
My personal favorite the 716ce
thanks for coming out and glad you enjoyed our set.
And its always a pleasure to meet our fans.
I had too many snacks this afternoon and ruined my dinner.
Wompsies.
Sometimes I think I'm crazy cause I see things so differently then everyone else
Maddie and I just watched landshark ;
Thankful for another day!
UK's not losing homie, lol.
I WANT TOMS.
With some determination even your pipe doctorams can come true.
NO!
If you go you will regret it...
Really?
A mydoggetsbeercommercial?
From the writers that brought you Final Destination 5 and Beethoven 16.
Details coming soon...
sure.
if you bring me some fajitas and a Nerd rope
This ubersocial update...
Their faces look like they were forced at gunpoint.
Nice find!
I'm lost.
I need to find my escape.
Aww, a student brought donuts to the library staff this morning.
Thank you!
Just now recovering from the Christmas party last night!
We had a blast!!!
Yes go Steelers!!!
ohh alright!
My mom is makin such a big deal cus im turning 18 , she wants me to get my hair/makeup done for one picture :o
No, the exhibit has exotic species so we follow USDA guidelines.
Butterflies can't leave room, butterflies can't be brought in.
Pretty sure you can make it available for free.
Beautiful things still available at tastemaker tag sale!
Luv our partnership!
we miss you too!
Site stats show 3 dozen visits via Twitter in the last hour, but there's no new mentions today.
What am I missing?
Twitter stealth mention?
People of Earth!
If you get a text from me and it makes no sense, it's probaly because I sent it a day earlier.
I am honored to be your first!
Come on!
Start tweeting!
naw dawg.
Thats when im flying there.
Im staying till the last week of august.
everydayithinkabout why I didn't do this a long time ago!
Disappointed that Rep.
M.
Waters supports SOPA, a bill that mandates DNS blocking  would break the Internet.
frienemies were are u?
i think i'm bored
Don't cheat yourself, treat yourself:
Travels in'round Sauk Co for last phase of EconGardening Pilot.
A few leaves left on Baraboo Bluffs and some fantastic companies!
Hammond has replaced Harris' bad contracts with his own.
Mo tore his Acl...
Had a crazy but very productive day.
Closing early tonight, goodnight everyone!
i missed yu to!!!!
im prob not gonna be at school tomorrow either
Good dialogue happening around improving the quality of public education.
More parent involvement in kids school is a key finding
No Doubt.
Enjoy Your Day Ma'am!
both happen to me every week!
No both places well.
Yosemite first if Tioga Rd.
opento Tuolomne high country.
With Ystone u get Tetons, 2.
damn retrograde !
how can you possibly sell Puppet like that?
seems to apply on to products directly used by end users, no?
5/15Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Warren Holstein
Fans hang banners!
Awee !
That Means Soo Much :D !
ASAP.
fur season is almost OVER
Just faced my biggestever professorssional career challenge: needing to spell received receipt on a PostIt w/out spell check
okay, I'll be right there ;
dont give the strippers any ..think about it,they gotta get naked anyway..
Approximately 7.7 million people have been illegally downloading music throughout 2010, according to a report by the British record industry
Theodore Parker Never violate the sacredness of your individual selfrespect.
text me real quick I need your number
totally doctorined and i will be at the end of this coming week too.
Chocolatepeanutbutter cheesecake is back b's!!
your phone dials out too!
ahaha i'll call you tonight and we can 3way lee
would you rather pay retail or find the same or similar thing for a 1/4 of the price?
Thats what we ask here at ESELL...
Everyone is a sports commentator when a game is on.
we've had scooters on throttle several times!
i almost bought a once as a result!
im bouta to..
Gotta hit the road at 6
Can I has a do over
The Silk Tie likes Marco!
been too focused on talking smack about Jalen Rose's questioning predictions, I have to say that I love Kurt Rambis's predictions.
Stayed home again:
I hear ya, Just pisses me off.
No offence or anything.
: I'm just Mad.
My Fam needs that 
Happy Birthday !!
Had such an AMAZING night!!
Words can't even explain.
I would give up my 3rd and 4th child to be able to fart on command.
Absolute GREATNESS!!
I'm done.
I'm done texting you first.
I'm done hoping you'll call  I'm done crying myself to sleep.
You're just not worth it anymore.
Always good to see !
Apologizing when you don't mean it just makes everything worse.
lint filter?
Almost every city in Latin America has doubled, tripled, quadoctorpled in size since 1950 with no accountability in built env
Awesome!
What's the name of it?
We'll add it to DCWiki!
RT : Cox divesting 700 MHz upper and lower blocks will likely yield more money than it sunk in.
ATT takes B blocks and US...
I hope your end of 45th Street is fairing better than mine!
Omg He Crazy Lol That Text 
TGD leftovers tonight, with cranberry relish!
Chop in a food processor: fresh cranberries, whole orange, walnuts, Granny Smith apple, dates.
...that looks like a LBB hallmark card!
are you for hire??
Oh why?
How big are those pillows?
Neck pillows should be small but ergonomic :
wooing people
inviting you to chat now
hey!
We are from around Pittsburgh PA!
And we play pop/punk!
: you can check out our songs on Facebook :
Congrats pretty lady!
Many happy blessings
Homecoming makeup by Sedoctorque for 30!!!
Call the salon to schedule an appointment...
hey you need to follow me so i can send you my addoctorss :
Mac n cheese pizza 
8:30.
5 entry with ANY College ID!
RT : What time do shows start on Thursday nights?
I have whiteboard crayons that might do the trick for shower writing.
In my office.
Let me know.
My mentions and DMs are dead.
working and at the shop!!!
what about you we are having thanksgiving at unk raymond house!!!!
r u comming and bring my girls
Am now a direct rep for NDG, www.dolcegustostore.com.
DM for discounts, freebies.
Perfect oneword review.
RT : Review: Excelsior!
F all tHem niggas
Haha!
Okay, as long as you don't FaceTime me at 2 in the morning!
Ha I NEED SOME CUDDLETIME PRONTO!!!
haha what happened?
In order to survive this day, Starbucks is needed.
ASAP
Hope U are having a great weekend :
sometimes, i just wanna take a train to London or Australia,  get away from everything.
ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME.
hmm...
so when i was playing dad I was potentially more attractive to women?
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 23
Just living another day of being black in America....
RT : Secure your trash, recycling, and yard stuff before a hurricane.
When it blows away, it may end up in our streams.
Of all the things to bond over with a person you've missed talking to in the last 2 yrs: having kidney stones at the same time.
Make sure you give our scholarship website a try.
We match you with the scholarships that you're most likely to win.
It's easy!
This show cray .
I question my character, am I all that I can be?
don't do it lol
Andy!
How are you?
on campus or neutral site?
I feel they should be on campus great atmosphere college hoops.
Thoughts???
Major tattoo tragedy!
:
I seriously don't know how or why this semester went by SO speedy ...
Can't believe there's only 3 more weeks left
t's not about wealthy paying more taxes, it's about removing loopholes  deductions.
Help me beat
uhm excuse me I did not
The Flaming Lips Hand Out Gummy Skulls  And We Were There!
beyonce and jay'z kid is trending and shes not even a year old.
Sometimes its the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
You're on my campus, Buddy.
For mid 30's, they're not bad.
: I actually work out hard daily!: are you saying you dont have great legs, haha
How was your workout ?
You have practice this week?
Congrats to WWU on winning the national championship!
I MISS YOU /3
very impressed with the new blackberry 10 phone......!!!!!!
I was dying lol
You'll LOVE it here!
RT I'm a soontobe resident, moving in July 31!
: Can't wait!
Don't point the finger at Arby's.
Tf that bitch call for !?!
All of my hoops broke; I need more!
things i accidently google: eminem first startup
So many problems with Facebook lately
SO EXCITED FOR Believe!!!
And I believe you'll notice me someday...3
love all that leopard!!
Off to northern!
CyberMaryland makes national debut at RSA 2012 today.
If you're attending RSA 2012, be sure to stop by Booth
Jesus, be ALL OF THE FENCES!
Going to be in Indy this summer?
Sign up for intramural 3 on 3 basketball!
Deadline is May 15th.
Sign up in the Natatorium room 043.
We're rearranging our exhibit halls in anticipation of an exhibit on eugenics opening in September  come see what's new!
When you have something to say, how do you search for the best/proper hashtag?
Twitter should have a doctorp down menu of related options.
how can you not love the final 4
Parents just always ruin shit don't they
Okay now I'm annoyed...
locked out of apt and can't get ahold of bldg manager.
I have shit to do!
Damn it!
sorry dude, phone died hours ago
tswift always looks flawless
The biggest enemy youll ever face or deal with in life is ...
yourself
Cooling our heels at chuy's in Louisville.
Twenty minutes at the table before I could get water!
Yes we do not want to punish victims.
We also shouldn't punish CONSENSUAL SEX WORKERS who choose sex work!
What a sunny morning.
I don't think my eyes opened from the bus door to the green room.
WHAT?!
Women should earn equal pay for equal work.
But I like making 70 cents to every male dollar.
The daily works of God are the rhythms in which creation occurs.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer
oh wow that looks fantastic.
Hope ur enjoying urself out there!
Arrived in Sheffield to speak at the the MmIT National Conference tomorrow
I don't need this working class hero crap!
Cant wait until tomorrow...
A will be revealed!
PrettyLittleLiars .
my dummb ass phone won't stop now let me know if it keeps sending em
Wise words.
that was upsetting.
The 1,600 concerts I've conducted R like sand I've sifted.
The music I am studying is my treasure.
My future projects R my diamonds.
that's debatable..
Have you considered participating in our Career Fair on 5/16?
100s of great candidates to help fill your openings in
Are these populations that we are serving, or should be serving?
I have an event to go to tomorrow, but i will be available anytime after 3:30pm.
Or, you can provide your contact to call
ooh, you're going to that?
excellent.
No prob!
Always looking for new ideas!
I'll bet you dinner at that Mayweather stops h by the 9th'
yes he does.
Especially when his guys catch the ball.
Just missed rookie on home run.
Always do right.
This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Mark Twain
Our Hero invented Southwest Sunday.
And the Southwest.
And Sunday.
Damn, you make me wanna stay on twitter now.
On set in wantagh ny.
I love making art!!
Great crew!
Familiar faces!
After helping a patron find event he was looking for he said, If you hear a bell ring, there's an angel getting you closer to heaven.
: Thanks for following!
Nice meeting you!SAME HERE SIR.
At the Gates Planning Board meeting.
They're are residents here who are upset about 26 townhomes planned to be built.
Hard to sleep on my day off
Second on the SSD advice  it's probably the best upgrade money you can spend.
great morning guys!
hitting the beach later
when life hands you lemons,well.....aquire a taste for lemons :Hustel'n n the name of music!
.com/rufar0 thankz :lets blues out
Evolution usually pairs a physical ability with mental faculty to use it.
This is why women are more violent than men at heart.
ok i'm mad that it's plenty dicks on my twitter line and ain't nobody tryin to fuck 
thanks so wat u doing noew ?
I just love her so much.
Good Morning!
Come in today  receive 10 off all concentrates!
See ya soon!
CO Senate gives prelim voice approval to SB172, the multistate testing bill.
Good food?....Twitter followers?
It all comes together at www.TasteTweet.com Apply today to be taster.
First you taste, then you tweet.
I mean, beta.
That doctorgon is pretty badass.
Congrats on getting it!
if it takes the rest of my life baby I'll wait for you 3
Got to go one dimensional w/out MENDY...like him or not?
this is so awkward
LOL!
I think half the nation would self deport in that case
hey please follow me for my cousins bday gift SHE LOVES YOU ALO AND would be happy if you follow me :
Please follow an Indiana University Student that went missing on 6.3.11.
The final Chen award goes to  for the PopUp Radio Archive for independent radio producers.
Blazers Acting GM just said LaMarcus Aldoctordge hip surgery is scheduled for May 10th in Vail, CO.
RT : Broncos' doctorft choice Eric Olsen: Started along all 3 interior OL positions at Notre DamePenalized once in final 1,731 plays
I really want to appologize all the spam that hit my account.
I got hacked and finally changed my password so this should not happen again.
I come home and everyone decides to be rude to me.
it says she followed my old account like in 2009 but i didnt kno cos I lost my password but I got it back today ILL DM HER FOR YA:
Cartman singing I Swear on southpark right now just kicked ass!
Lmfao
Great, thanks.
Your health account is like your bank account: The more you put in, the more you can take out.
Jack Lalane
For more info on ALL our upcoming events, please visit www.opalgroup.net.
Speakers and sponsers are welcomed
my Cowboys hater coworker who's a Bears fan can name u all our QBs in the past 20 yrs, but no clue on who QBed for da Bears
I'll refriend you first, to make it easier.
I ought to link you u with at least a couple more.
Good luck.
Got to be on stage with and made love to the crowd during their show at Playground Festival.
Totally awesome experience.
just got my tickets for the midnight show on thursday.....
Kick ass!!!!
RT : general counsel comment  talking with OGC is great way to make admin aware of your DH project, impact
you're voice is beautiful!
Im sorry people are rudely leaving!
We love you!
:
Whoa.
It's snowing in MD??
There's some TMZing at the ATT.
Highly impressed with the quotes from tonight.
Very insightful.
Exp2TrailerLiveTweet expendables2 trailer looks dope !!
can't wait
Now that is here, and I can tweet about our info tech jokes
Check out my professorle, y'all.
Who digs the brackets?!
FREE ORGAN CONCERT 23pm w/renowned local Organist doctor Carol Williams!
SanDiego has the world's largest outdoor pipe organ!
Spring?
What spring?
i really want to learn acrylic painting  wondering about classes/options/opportunities in DC
that akward moment when u try to turn on the tv but itz not working because u dont realize that u really have ur house phone in ur hand
Hope it's refundable.
Those tire snakes are causing some trouble already.
Follow back
had a blast....part like a rock star!
We doing shows for nice prices book Take Money ENT
happy new year!
Good morning!
We hope everyone has a great weekend.
Don't forget that small changes are just as vital as the big ones.
Keep it up!
Thanks, Julie.
You spread the word, and we'll share what passes for expertise around here to anyone interested!
CSI Las Vegas Series marathon!
oh yea I knew I forgot to look something up and it was that show lol what's it about?
my brother installs gps and stuff for a living, I'll check with him.
Hittin up subway before the mavs play!!!!
Come on!
BC has never lost an ACC hockey game.
game on.
Call me old fashioned, but I actually take relationships seriously.
BizTip Image is EVERYTHING!
Invest in a quality website from the start, and reap the rewards for years to come!
ha we can still get some fist pumping in
heh.
RT : Finally, that thing I hadn't started using yet together with that thing I hate using.
...
Hector was saying on facebook to call him if you wanted to get rid of tix
when do u work?
I work sat at 3.
Sunday at 10:45
Today, pick one element of your daily life or your daily workout, and approach it with more effort and intensity than usual.
Just 1.
Go4it!
welcome to Cincinnati!
I got it from someone else.
When did you send it?
Having dinner with myself  I, I'm so glad they didn't flake on me 
tnx for data
Thank you, Miss Tiffany.
Your support is much appreciated.
Life is on big road, filled with lots of signs!
Don't get caught in a rut and complicate your mind!
B.
Marley Thank goodness it's Friday!
Q3.
help ppl remember thateverything is bigger than it looks like.
if frustrated, that's not t eternal perspective
I LOVE selena and justin : justinlena ;D
I'm not even going to start this again.
playing nothing but hits
My mom just watched your ustream with me and she thought you were adorable:
Omg Pride is coming
Brit Lauren Music Video shoot Day 1.
Let the shots begin!
Yayers.
Rock Creek run, now heading to to see Headhunters, very excited.
Friday date night happiness
VP Biden's assertion that POTUS makes policy was principled in a way, reminded me.
Remember Cheney's power grab?
Bruce.
March 19.
Worth the wait.
Fantastic book.
Yeah we gotta go !
thanks.
: at this point I just want to survive the quarter with out making any more mistakes.
We can help with your EXPO.
We can rent copiers and printers for a day or more.
Give us a call we can help.
3037780600
Did you get the vote?
I saw ur vote and I think you accidentally voted for us for best Italian instead of Greek lol
I suspect you made Sam Cattle's year by meeting him today  he's quite a fan
Going to see that show next Friday in NY love Weegee
No matter how much you watch fresh prince it's impossible to get sick of it.
Are you planning your St.
Patty's day or waiting until Thursday morning to figure out your festivities?
Had a great time photographing Donavon at Howards tonight.
Listening to 's Human Clay.
Despite listening for the 12 years its been around, I still get surprised with how good it is.
Just had a lovely champagne toast w/ our staff to celebrate our one year anniversary!
Thanks to all of yinz that have made this year great!
Just checked the weather and it looks like I'm doctorving into a couple days of thunderstorms...sweet...
Not today, but a credit can be used to show a lineitem discount.
Email if you want to discuss in detail.
How is your family celebrating Mother's Day?
Meet 3 PSU grads who are starting a mobile grocery store to help the underserved in PDX.
See it  6:30 on KGW.
Tracy: our childoctorn/gchildoctorn won't be nostalgic abt books, but abt surfing.
Go pcbl Dogs, a win puts us in the Playoffs.
How are people Tweeting when he's on stage?!
I'll never understand!
i have a muscle knot the size of Atlantic City.
Yea an u!
RT : And me RT : Im living my life for me  my kids NOBODY else!!
lol Kobe thank man
Disparities data chlling: Infant death rate for Black Americans twice as high as for White Americans.
Info via 
Or you could be the lady next door who throws cats at the RIT kids who party too loud.
very cool...
You forgot my name but it's okay lol I still luv ya maybe next year props to you for thinking of and rocking it
Colored Jeans  hot or not?
HEY!
i follow back to ALL of MY FOLLOWERS!!
Follow ME!
: 3
Had a very productive night!
Push it to the Limit!
have you guys thought of adding any sort of pivoting block?
like a hinge?
cause that would be cool.
RT : Planning Meeting.
7:30 a.m.
On a Saturday.
It must be love.
VaForum12 //
Grrrrrr i freakin hate my twitter apps on my iphone that mess makes me mad it be freezin in stuff geesh im gettin a htc next
Take delight in the Lord, and he will give you your heart's desires.
Psalm 37:4
agreed.
Very intriguing tho...
RT : Show me a man that's worth it and I'll show you a woman who cares.
If I don't wake up and promote myself or promote myself before I fall asleep my day either isn't complete or I can't sleep.
I stay grindin
what do you have though?
All this mommy stuff i do, Mommy needs some mommy time to herself, sorry kiddos!
I hav a date this weekend!
groovebacktweet haha
Hi Gabs  we don't have any Venezuela scholarships right now, but keep watching for more in the future.
Maybe at some point!
Any Marylanders who use Chantix want to share their experiences with a reporter?
Email
Getting plans together for Cochon 555....anyone coming?
Should be amazing....
You heard right lol
Excited for some hot yoga tonight!
have you met the crew yet?
ask them about whatsitworth they have some giveaways!!!
I gotta b bored on this b.s..
I almost fell over when the guy showed me the 12oz and the sticker said 4.99 i was thinking where are the other 5
YAY I FEEL REALLY SPECIAL..!!
lol
Anyone arriving in Dallas around 8pm on Thursday night and want to share a cab into the city?
Abramovich's mobster friends have seemingly paid off this ref...
Come on Fulham...
do you mean that in a bad way?
Should roll up just to make this female mad LMAO
Granted, gynecology is only a hobby of mine.
Any thoughts on the Blake Griffin dunk from last night?
me too.
come give me some good good.
I was told next year, its obviously gonna work like that you said.
Rookies/FA for 3 rounds I think.
Thanks 4 the feedback
Listening to ariana grandes songborn this way
that one was for you foo ; 3
Merry Christmas
What is the best lunchtime side for your sandwich or burger  fries, fruit or coleslaw?
awwwuh!
she really did!
but don't forget Matt!!!
He looked very Fresh!
haha!
;
UW dline had Hemer, Kelly, Muldoon and Allen all working together.
DBs were Southward, Johnson, Cromartie and Jean
Robert Glasper's Beginner's Guide to Jazz: I'd play them me, Roy Hargrove's RH Factor, and Red Clay...something they can relate to...truth
I'm at UNO waiting for Calculus: The Musical to start....
God I'm such a nerd..
4/idk how many, breaks my heart to see her suffer so please go out and PRAYFORDANICA she really really really needs it
Not even close.
Probably about 20 at most.
They're painting Justin's office while he's in Florida.
I'd have them paint mine when I'm in Kansas but it's mostly cube walls and a window.
I think we can safely call them the first modern family
yea im free!
Just dm me ur contact n ill holla back at cha!
Where u at rite now?
dare I ask who you are rooting for?
Thanks for the mention!
Happy to hear you are doing well.
New neighbors moved in.
Damn.
I was hoping that house would remain empty until i could afford to buy it.
lol im down danny is gonna have his own show in a few years anyways
I Did Very Much Just Wish It Didn't Have To End Like That...
:'
Good for you, Happy new year, looking forward see you in actions
Don't be I'n the kitchen if you can't handle the heat..
.
Ecxited for 's party!
:
Here is how CNN identifies Norm Coleman: Is a licensed attorney.
4exy dude u are
SOX: Cody Ross doubles Daniel Nava for fifth RedSox run.
51 over the Indians in the fifth.
Woke up this morning thinkin about you.
That may be weird but its true.
So thinking about you.
Your amazing.
I love you.
Snow shmow were here to have fun all day!
I want someone to make a snow angel on the patio!
Bring it on!!!
:
omfg can you image?
that'd be like jesus in a party
OR better yet he can join us and we can show him how to party!!!
That mental image just made my week, lady.
Welldone!
I think the sea has more luck than I.
..
: 
My coworker brought donuts in to celebrate the appearance of a coffee maker at work..
no comment.
Tomorrow is gonna be SUCH a long day
Just gonna go doctorve to super heb 
Tip toe, by the window
really??
How did you get through it??
So hungry this morning i grunted while eating....
first time ive felt GOOD after a mcdonalds breakfast
RT : I'm just afraid one day, you'll leave me.
Like everybody else has.
It's a hint, hint RT This is the second or third time Obama as pointed out that he got Bin Laden
had a good birthday.
How to sushi books, froyo pie, calls, fb good wishes, cards, and much love.
yay!
I feel honored to know why you googled 2/5 of those things.
Aw, shucks.
Thank you.
:
There is no such thing as a nonworking motherdownload InSpotter app
just here came from a good ass party ...
don't mind my gasping, it's just so much harder to breath when you're near..
followed:x
Heey girl you are stalking me !
Lol 
i have so many old embaressing tweets opidshgjsdg;ilaesg
On paper, Maryland law looks good but information released by Dept of Human Resouerces not complete.
What u guys thinkn?
Bulls in 4?
...but not when I access it via proj/index.php  in that case it loads Pages  home.
No luck after hours of googling.
Any thoughts?
i hate how my sisters act so spoiled in front of their friends.
YouWasCuteUntil you started talking down about yourself
Loving it!!
Didn't realize what I was missing until I got one.
Second City Hollywood TONIGHT  10PM for THUNDERDOME!!!
D SWAN competes for the 7th week in a row!!!
Help us stay Champions!!
5.
FREE BEER!
Paul's Thorn forced Him to trust in God and come 2 others in weakness.
He related to the people where they were.
He shared the Gospel!
that twat Bartolli is some idiot..City will end up imploding with douches like that in their squad..xmas will tell all as usual
it's buenos diaz
waking up at 10:00, now listening to music.
let's HANGOUT?!
CALL ME
that's very kind of you, member of my vast social network.
omg 1 more follower until 650!
should i do a live chat once i get there or should i just wait until 700?
RT : Enservio named third fastest growing private company in Boston by bostonbusinessjournal.
Insurance is fun!...
Another good one!
Atlas V rocket launch mission scrubbed ...
maybe 24 hours, maybe Saturday ...
was still fun to be out  about
cant wait til TNA :D RIP Donna Summer
i LOVE and appreciate every single one of you, my followers, my fans, my family and my friends.
JustRememberThat.
AppreciationTweet.
3 :
I was sad to hear is against the minimum paid sick days.
Forcing people to choose between money and health is unacceptable.
It took me a bit to figure out how to send you a tweet!
At least, I think I did this right .
.
.
Hannah, I miss you so much:
lmao...You're too much, I can't with you lol, miss you!
I dont need they help i can do it myself
Being in this house aggravates me!
Hey yogurt, if you're so cultured, how come I never see you at the opera?
Attributed to Stephen Colbert
Crazy allergies.
A week out of town can't come soon enough.
Saturday night RAIN.
NO COVER all night.
21 up welcome.
Dj Mystik in the mix.
Texas Toy, Twim Inc  Peter Blue.
Dnt miss out!!!
It's the wine.
RT : ugh just used week 2x in one tweet
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck.
I'm so tired right now it ain't even funny.
And I got places to go :
I'm not giving up on this.
I can't lose what I care the most about.
Things will get better.
It might be stormy now, but it can't rain forever.
I think this February 14 is going to be so awesome...
Because I'm gonna be with him...

you just dont listen...where you lack is your physicality, u need to be under a squat rack...i dont want to hear about camps
hey doctorw its charissa i thought i was the awesomest person ever:
New PALI Lavish off the upcoming Rude Awakening album will doctorp friday
Thanks  others for the tweets re Speak Up 2011!
Even though the whole world stops listening, I need you to hear me.
Colin that's gross ;
Had so much fun with and everyone else last night!
:
cutest thing ever
Is stitchin' and bitchin' with Dennis...
Thanks, everyone for a great nasig11 !
I met great people, learned great things, saw a bit of St.
L and can't believe I have work tomorrow!
ru williams still sings ?
World leaders r meeting in NYC to adopt a new declaration to reaffirm commitments to fight global AIDS.
Join the march in Bryant Park!
tax breaks created by you lefties for your rich, elite, friends that really don't want to pay tax,
I just made 50 dollars in tips and that was on a slow day!!!
WAS TO DIE FOR
season's over.
Layla..
knock it off.

the closing event for the BSG exhibit  the EMP Too fun!
Surrounded by sf peeps!
: Panel QA starts soon
Relationships are precious, don't take them for granted.
The worst feeling in life is, when someone you know becomes someone you knew.
LOL!
RT Overheard at This is It: Whatever happened to that other bartender?
Oh, nothing, he just went to prison.
once u start u simply can't stop.im just trying 2 get a high score on fruit ningas!!
I have a present for my mom, by the way.
I always get her flowers the morning of though.
if you had Cinemax, ferris buehler is on demand.
AHH YOU SEWIUSSS?
THAT MAKES ME FEEL SPECIAL..
enough of Cuse fans bitching bout refs Play better n you won't have to blame it on em.
orange had a great season.Ohio was better team 2night
I haven't cried this much since ,when I found out about my brother
LOVE YOU!
RT: When someone special walks into your life and is able to change things for the better, Don't ever let them walk away
I have lemon parties
omg where?!?
Lebronzilla is doing that.
I have the most amazing boyfriend ever.
yeah, be jealous.
I really like the new , except I have to click to see total views.
Don't lie  we all look and judge.
Bass tracks for Burning Revenge finished!
Nah, don't feel guilty.
You earned it!
I love when the easter bunny leaves plastic eggs full of candy!
Woohoo!
Love to see Firefly on
thank you 
call me later
Off to the nail shop with my mommy!
you gotta do the incline while you're in the burg'.
basically what's happening.
We need all of them back.
The only places checks into are the law school library and places that serve coffee and beer.
I tried watching the Vikings stadium mnsenate floor debate this afternoon Just.couldn't.do.it
Daily bagel with
QR Codes  What The Heck  How To Use Them  www.WebWhizWorks.com QR Codes  How to use qr codes f..
Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Thanks for the RT!
yes you're right.
I still town on Chelsea lol.
Did you change your twitter name for a bit?
The Chester WSOPC grind continues today.
560 with 120ish regd an okay starting table with Philly's finest 
TODAY: Info session in 1121 Humanities at 7pm, Hope to see you there!
But never late is better ;
Performance, and performance alone, dictates the predator in any food chain.SEAL Team saying
ThMorUKno: Logic might be imagined to exist independent of writing....
descended from the written word.JamesGleick,TheInformation
lets get it to trending ProudOfAC, because we love ya so........3
San Jacinto/Navarro is coming up next as we shift to the winner's bracket portion of the tournament
We in the city are spoiled with our solid, dependable cell signals.
Oh for a land line.
Those long jumpers from Iguodala don't look as good when the don't go in.
I want the first quarter back.
you have to have really good tumbling to make jv freshman year for football season
Stories that help us cope w/grief are so rare and vital.
Thx to and for , now on Netflix.
Lovely  smart!
Yep they host the A's
Yes!
Elliott took a class all about that  when he gets on I'll have him tell you more J
Thanks for checkin them out!
3 RT : Just listened to and loved them.
:
I wish I could of seen DJ am perform :
hello facebook how u doing
nowPlaying Kryptonite  Purple Ribbon AllStars
that's awesome!
Good idea!
Visit us!
RT  is the first thing I'll do when I get to Hawaii.
I love how my mom says we don't have enough money to buy you a pizza but she can afford a fucking 12 pack of beer for my dad.
Wtf???
I'm so hungry I have to turn away every time a pizza commercial comes on.
Yes, it sounds...Just.
Like.
That.
lol
The more followers I get, the harder I work at GettingItDone!
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something.
Plato
open today until 7PM for early voting.
Use Delaware St door for easy access to CCB.
your welcome : just got my diploma
You can kiss my Oh My Gah!!
hahaha love you Karmin!
I needs me some ghost chilis to wake up today
Woot!
advanced to round 2 in the newschallenge!
Thanks to and everyone who engaged with us.
Thanks stormy weather, I needed a shower.
Martin, A Feast For Crows.
Maybe worth the overdue fine to polish this off over the long weekend.
Ah Cowboys do it again...
Least we can still win the division
Does NFL need to do more at youth level in terms of better coaching  access to info for parents?
what.
i will crush him.
Will do.
When are the best runs at McChesney?
Mercy Corps Monday is Today at Costello's.
As we do every Monday, we'll donate 5 of our sales to Mercy Corps.
RT : My mom is making me go to the mall in this thunderstorm...
better like her present  Literally
describes how her pitch to cover inner city probs in LA was not well received.
She did it anyway and won a Pulitzer
I throw that mastering on that rack city my nigga.
U know that's extra rite there  that sauce.
Lol.
We are sampling the Altana tonight at a wine tasting.
We love this wine!
Cheers!
ha just sitting watching it snow!
first snow day of the year :D
Hm...you think  really?
RT : Corp culture is not the same as employer brand either...
emp brand  reputation
Aw!
I know Michelle is missing them but they're in excellent hands!
Love From Missouri3
Don't quote me on that, I'll have to go back and look.
Another pearl from ESPN's Amy Lawrence.
canwegetsomejournalistsontheair?
Thus, each morning and evening a Jew reenacts and re appropriates the encounter with God at Sinai,
Three different types of objects in the person data repository: persons, aspects, references.
Seeing a car in the middle of the mall and thinking How the fuck did they get that there?!
Its another wonderful monday upon this oh so amazing land...we shall walk in the sun until the rain comes down  then dance the night away!
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW RT THIS FOR A SHOUTOUT BY ME!!:
Hey power went out!
Wait.
How am I tweeting this?
Oh...
Computer has a battery pack backup...
Back to work :
We laughed at the Bridgestone commercial, funny stuff with deon an
Avengers was fun.
Now sleep.
I need a ciggaret Cereal Bowles
I wanna look nice today and do my hair and stuff, but I have things to do
,i love u baby
Good game TNT NBA Golden State and Dallas Maverics
My WDW friends, what are the crowds outside of MK like?
ConfessionNight I think Chris Martin might even be tied with right now,
This time last year Mike Brown was saying that would retire a Bengal.
2 of the QB's had the last name Palmer.
I miss Chad most!
I need it to be summer
18?
What site?
Tampa u
I got regular and decaf beans and mixed them.
Still doctornk the same amount of coffee.
Reduced the caffeine level every few days.
Well done Royals?
That doesn't sound right.
I was getting there!!!
everyones dead man ur the last man on earth u didnt hear?
Check out the new studio update to hear a clip of teotwp :
Females everywhere i need to grab one.
I got a massage from a psychic once.
It was unique.
She predicted it would happen before it happened!
Get familiar wwith subject data repositories, and insert yourself in that process.
i wanna watch christmas movies.
Who's in?
??
Great now I missed a whole paper,while I was absent Thursday!!!
Just my luck,
My goal is to hit it and hit it and hit it till my 21st birthday.
It's my gift to myself.
tippers.
And left emergency contact info with multiple peeps who for my back
BEER SCHOOL!!!
AWESOME.
We'll pass this info on!
LMAOOO the umbrella thing out my back says 'do not erect in windy conditions' hahahahahahaha.
You haven't tweeted at all today : but we know your FOCUSED on Believe and Iove you for that can't wait till Sunday
I just find a lot of FP tutorials lacking a problem being solved, see our monad discussion many months ago
I know some hood people but damn.
Convos with my niece is always so enlightening
Oh my goshh.
Where did you get that purple?!
This sentence should be synonymous with the sound of Taps playing for Knicks fans.
RT Lots of Toney Douglas tonight.
I'm very scared for tomorow !
but could u pl watch the video ?
Knee deep in Something I shouldn't have gotten into.
Life its self is a mystery
I'm ready to go right back to bed though.
Forced to listen to Jesus music at the auto repair store.
Putting the finishing touches on the THOR video for Getting close...
What was YOUR New Year's resolution?
Have you broken it yet?
: I want sonic.
sprite
I saw the April real estate numbers this AM  thought of your sister.
She was spot on with her optimism.
How do you leverage credit to create cash?
our government had been corrupt since inception
Your Mom is my fav combackk
News roundupAEP repeals rate hikes, Walmart may come to Oakwood, Dimora trial starts and stops.
Join reporter's roundtable now on 90.3.
haircut and haircolor party please?
I miss your face.
hehe, I mean I guess if you're into that ;
did anyone order a personalized tour dvd?
around check out did it ask you about your personalized message?
cause its not asking me
it's a good thing you don't care if your fans cry when we meet you bc I'll be bawling.
HappyTears!
i couldn't even dance with my bestie without roger jumping in
Got accepted to the D:Hive BUILD class to write my business plan and network with other entrepreneurs!
Excited!
: Why is everyone so sad on my TL???
Don't worry people tomorrow is Tuesday so you know what that means......POPEYES!!!
Over/under on how many dogs respond to that tweet?
About 30 1 or 2 hit wndoctor too..The Vapors, Wall of Voodoo, Naked Eyes, The Squeeze, When In Rome, The Furs, Bow Wow Wow, Adam Ant
It is of great importance that you wash behind your ears....
I hate when ppl with stank ass ears try to hug me..
All day!
Would rather watch idol over X factor any day.
thats good...I've been chilling and babysitting
you are correct DMoney...ancient aliens is hilarious...I do agree ;
Just killed biceps and abs.
Sore as hell.
cool, thank you.
I want a .gif of the Davey Johnson reaction to Zimmermann hitting Hamels.
He gave Jordan the WTF are you doing?
look.
Maybe watching the Make It Or Break It episode that I missed yesterday will make me feel a bit better.
I so agree lol RT Pets  kids
no id love too though
Yo mama so bald even a wig wouldn't help!
Got a DFL fundoctorising email pimping results of latest P poll and incredible show of momentum for DFL.
Umm...
going from 4940 to 4839?
Its official now.
Scaphoid bone and radius in right arm broken on 9/19.
turned 42 and had accident same day.
new white cast.
Hey .
Havent talked to you in a while .
i miss you brah .
you should come visit me .
anytime .
: Love Kailynn .
Coolness, thanks for the link!
it was our pleasure!
You are a bastard.
I just wanna get out this house.
I trip out everytime I see it.
Serpe can't breathe on it.
Robert's Peaceful Warrior is a great workout!
I'll be there Saturday afternoon and i too wish that was now...
Did you know shares their building with a modeling agency?
This is new South Asian Rapper I rap in English, Punjabi, Hindi/Urdu.
okay talk to Ashley about it
Can't finish the Accord, it is raining.
What to dowhat to do...
Heading off to work in a cloud of gloom.
I leave it to my students to lift my mood!
Since I share the name with a RedSox game maybe I need to warm up
Some songs, make me happy, make me hyper, but some songs..
just bring back all the memories..
searching for art to put up in my room...
Eh.
I went last year to iwny.
Not much to tweet about last year either.
yo can I get a shoutout
The Bobcats should be the only thing in NC that people talk smack about!
Oh yeah and John Edwards!
LOL
Off to a good start already  sunshine in store for the Tribe's Home Opener.
In mendenhall at the basketball game
Have to pick up Root Killer at the hardware store on my way home.
Yeah for clay pipes.
Hey !
Tell coach 2 tell his players 2 skate puck in.
Letting Brodeur play the puck hurts us  allowed Devils to skate down score!
: That person in class that always acts like they're fucking Albert Einstein.
Calm down, bro.
Claudine......
You should pick me 3
In my doctoram I had Lola out tah kill me..
good evening Simon?
How was your day?
you NERD!
like any picture of him3 lol
Btw tourproblems running out of jacks.
Both smokable and in your guitar.
I know ya fill meh.
Watching the hunger games with Kailey, only 6 others in theater, glad we waited til today
Mine was great, very busy and productive, just how I like it.
:
are you guys planning to tour?
Naturally occuring good days are a fluke.
Most good days I have happen by choice.
Do you find this to be true?
RT : Jimmy Marsh THE REDEMPTION now available on iTunes!
GETTHAT!
CATS CATS CATS KITTIES on today's show!
Purrrrrrfect!
Tune in to
I just realized you're in London.
Me too!
Know of any good Korean restaurants in this town?
I'm craving some kimchi.
RT : Take time to reconnect with family and friends Don't carry grudges or hard feelings, the future is promised to NO ONE!
I have high hopes
me to I wanted to cry yesterday at graduation practice
google won't let me get ads.
fake ass bitch ass niggas.
Looking forward to attending some LEEP classes for the gslisui Fall Reunion!
this is borderline flirting
Idk but especially when the wires are cold.
I just sit there intertwining them between my toes.
hahaha...too funny.
Yup.....7580 today...summer gear!
;o
DOJ has a publicly available memo that sets forth very helpful standards for compliance programs
InstantTurnOn when they pull you closer to them!
the slippery slope argument...
allow that and before you know it we'll be marrying llamas, microwaves and azaleas, right?
Watching the formation of a multidimensional ideas landscape on my macbook is really what Friday nights are all about
strange, strange boys
Busy night far away 4 Pierce County Deputies who were investigating a deadly shooting b/w a man w/a gun  1 w/a knife.
Suspect in custody
your dad looks like he could be levine's dad, or much older brother???
ya know?
Show some class.
Remember to pay for your booze and hookers today with pesos.
there is no theory of evolution, just a list of animals chuck norris decided not to kill.
Loving up on some virtual school
saints franchise just took another hit what a joke!!!
It doesn't need to change much  UIfirst could just be a way of validating the same approach you were going to take
omg i know right?
makes me laugh all the time!
hahaha
Nice grab, Braylon.
I hope you have many more.
I find the best time to think of all my masturbation jokes is when I'm on stage.
The worst time?
At my high school reunion.
I'm so uncomfortable watching the shake weight commercials :/
More random: I wasn't following before, I just saw a random RT from another follower.
But I'm following her now.
:
In case you were curious, OPLIN's Dynamic Website Kits are typically designed while listening to
yomomma so fat she sat on a memory foam mattress and gave it amnesia.
im good sis do you have gmail
does your 4 monitor setup work with OS X Lion?
Good morning!
RT I rested, am revived ready 2 reap Friday's blessings.
May you benefit today's fruits.Happy Friday every1.
lol I often sing that in my head on my way to work
I will try to remember.
The project is still very much in it's infancy stage.
Remember who you really are  simply manificent.
: So glad I buy organic  especially apples!
Thanks for sharing!
Saludos!
Saludos, keep it up!
Wouldn't it have made more of an impact if CONQUER SOCIAL MEDIA had all been capitalized rather than just SOCIAL?!?...
On nplead call,
Bad.
Ass.
Thanks for partaking in Ohio Nachos w/ us!
Hope we see you again soon
RT : Actors: eliminate something superfluous from your life.
Break a habit.
Do something that makes you feel insecure.
Dc commuters should avoid 14th at all costs.
Police have it shut down at Florida.
Hanging out with and
Love it!
Love it!
Love it!
Thanks for sharing, Beth!
:
Her voice is too deep for a Whitney tribute!!!
trying to learn the tweetdeck
IRememberWhen  Me and my BFF talked to the guy who started We Came As Romans for about 3 hours3
Live as if you were to die tomorrow.
Learn as if you were to live forever.
Mahatma Gandhi
beyond sad!
But at least we finally learned.
Hopefully, at least.
Thanks to for the great show at the Yacht Club last night!
Mellow day in IC, then Vaudeville Mewes tonight in Des Moines
Loll, no one but forreal, doesnt matter.
FOLLOW ME FOLLOW ME FOLLOW ME
Did BG get poisoned by a frosted minidonut?
Find out on next highbrour!
Have a great holiday weekend everyone!
Too bad there are no extra days off, though.
:/
I'm finding that you are absolutely correct
: well well..
FINALLY follows me!
I feel so...loved!
Hahahahaha!
Barrier to leadership development is gap between awareness of leadership development and the gap in org implementation.
Your welcome.
:P I've seen you live before.
:
Resolution 1: Finish projects, e.g.
that R.
Kelly/C.S.
Lewis mashup Trapped in the Wardoctorbe.
Today's Soups: Beef Vegetable Barley  Cream of Asparagus
Yeah,I'm back to the Selenators!Love you Selena3
: Back porchin' with the dog tell Jackson I said wuddup
marry me?
Dear North Carolina, thanks for thaking 5 steps back!
It was a pleasure to watch you play this year.
Thanks for representing the University with class and always leaving it on the floor.
Cant sleep thanks to and I love you
excited for Dance Moms Miami :
Good news?
There is coffee in my house.
Bad news?
My Keurig needs distilling in the worst way.
Nope!
Something just reminded me of how great to two are.
:
Methods for Measuring Your Heart Rate During Exercise  It would be useless for you to know which heart rate zones will help you get...
totally!
lovin it
Dead Boot  Grapefruit
Diablo i gotta take a shit
omg!
No, I can't believe it's been that long :
So my grades arent a reason my mom say no to doctorke
Working away since 4am as usual...
Voter 222 at Fire Station 1.
Not bad for a downtown area right?
FUCK YO AVI U LOOK LIKE A INSIDE OUT ROTTEN WATERMELON U SOGGY BUMPY FACE BITCH
Who do you guys think is going to the Superbowl?
I 'm a journo working for  KSWB FOX5  and would like to be in the journalist directory!
I saw you all getting yelled at cuz I went to go throw some trash lol
it's pretty good.
It'll prolly be better once I find a place.
The doctorve is killing me.
A bestfriiend is someone tht knows when somethings wrong, knowsthe guys you like, etc...
but a bestfriiend is someone tht is always thei ...
I guess not
Who'd rather be watching Johnny Rocker  The High Rollers than Madonna right now?
caps.
The legs are on fire.
Oh Phil, man.
We are so old.

We agree!
Looks awesome!
And seriously...getting charged again to reconnect?
Cable is such a bullshit racket
how did it go?
RT : It is time, I think, for a beer.
sweet.
Nice ref; that will work quite well...!
This Just In::: Cigars are always welcomed to our patio.
Fresh Cubanos on request.
OPENING NIGHT!
Great picture of the mummies!
:
that awkward moment when 's album has been playing on replay on my itunes for 1 hour and 45 min straight.......
:D
He's probably not interested in you because he's too busy chasing someone who's not interested in him
way to tweet twice
i have no idea how to use it : like..
none at all.
idk if it even works bec when i open it nothing loads?!?!
Twitter for good  Target.
What's your goal  Serve as info hub?
Share a personal voice?
Provide customer support?
tie2011 feedback Is very important opening session.
Kambale: govts still maintain control of regulatory framework over media landscape ie Congo elections, sms service was cut off
shoutout to the world
Bobby Dale making it happen right now!
Exciting news to come!
What are your weight loss goals?
Are YOU committed to them?
Our new website is almost ready  July is going to be an active month
A.
Kawasaki Ninja B.
Honda Valkyrie C.
Harley Davidson fat boy or D.
Ducati Monster
Well folks, it's been real, and it's been fun, but I think the days of are done.
Not the team, but at least this Twitter account
What a day I have had!
Finally at my desk after completing a 5:30 conference call.
Hope I can finally do some work!
Ultra Vires  Beyond the powers or legal authority
I hate it when you're trying not to cry In front of someone, but as soon as the ask you, Are you okay?, you lose it.
2012 dates for Pasta for Puppies  Kitties posted!
Support the animal group of your choice by dining with us on a Sunday!...
educating Debbie on how important is.
making the stories on the newspapers and stuff is kinda a big deal!
Audit of federal reserve proposed resolution at rpw2012 roll call vote called for by some over whether or not to include language that ...
I returneth to The Dark Tower  Dark Tower IV  Wizard  Glass by Stephen King
And now I'm a zombie.
They invented hugs to let people know you love them without saying anything.
Bil Keane
Last chance to tweet or DM me why you should win 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms at Newark Palace Theatre on 28th Jan.
Support twinning
it is: i will google some:
I agree...LOL...they are either aliens or robots...Scott Walker acts like a robot on painkillers.
Ive spent so much time trying to fix your life that I forgot about mine ..
i want a do over of this work day.
and dont listen to what these negative ppl are saying thats just the enemy trying to keep you guys down.
Watching The Graduate and blowing off studying.
3: Using a fake ID, FINE: 177
Yes.
They.
Do!
But you most!
RT : 2011in3words Food Trucks Rule!!
:
I used to get so many mentions, that i couldnt keep up with them!
haha.
i want that againN!
Congratulation 2011 certificate recipients!
We enjoyed celebrating your accomplishments at today's ceremony!
My sisterinlaw is telling me one of the guys who did Teach me how to dougie got shot and died today.
I can see you showing up wearing this when you adopt 18 cats.
All named after imaginary royalty,in a van,down by the river.
I like it organic...
my socialmedia too...making 1 friend at a time
Looks like its going to rain...
Perfect.
wow, top notch food  service.
A dining experience fit for a king, thanks!
Ehhh.
OK.
Liver gets a break tonight.
Gonna eat a Bic Mac, sink in my bed and watch 'My Week with Marilyn' for 37th time till I pass out.
The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
All this means is LBJ Finna go off 2nd Half
Waking up with the same motivation I fell asleep with.
Clickbank Tutorials  BANS  EBay Store The Easy Way
Believe in life!
Always human beings will live and progress to greater, broader and fuller life.
My beds still messed up and my clothes still smell like you.
Yesterday was fun tho
Gays weird me out just as much as the next guy but we are wasting time and money in government trying to prevent it.
The Blind Side is the new Marley and Me
Good morning:
.
And we all have SW names, so really, the story is just that we are a big geeky family.
:D
start watching Prison Break on netflix, its a dominant show...trust me
I never knew what GPS stood for until now.
the full 3 words was just a puzzle on Wheel Of Fortune
Oh My God!!!
I KNOW RIGHT?
he looks sexy with his skinny jeanss3
Ah I'm going to wawa!
You missed an awesome show!!!
Krit  Bun B performing together...Man!!!
ughh..i know!
its like theres no need to hate on him..keep your comments to yourself!
If my dad would just watch nsn
Waving in the rain on Caroline and Madison was challenging.
But we did it!
California Art Club Autry Museum Exhibit.
Paintout Sun 4/22  Free but must RSVP.
Nice!
I know I shouldn't put gas in my car around 12 p.m.
but damn it, I'm dangerous.
I miss Nathan.
/3
going hard like bricks
ok sir
Uh oh Keith Frazier on the news.....?
Atlantic city, we comin
As I mean she is sexy...
3
ACM night at tomorrow, March 1st.
, , and Oxford Town.
Music starts at 10pm.
3.
21
27 of 30 for and  more points possible with the team dance coming up later.
I'm preparing to participate in the WPWC 1480 AM radio Ward 5 Candidate interview.
Tun in to hear the discussion.
Just ran into Mink Stole in the lobby of our Baltimore hotel.
Not a fan of spending my Saturday mornings doing expenses!
Need help!
Just finished Uprising you will be quoted extensively in my thesis on the uprising.
: yes m'am OK you better come by Nae misses you!
My boo is KILLING them at his hiphop class!
How in the bloody hell did that happen?
:
Remember, the greatest gift is not found in a store nor under a tree, but in the hearts of true friends.
People with socialphobia become anxious in everyday social situations.
They have an intense  chronic fear of being watched.
I can't help it, I'm a huge OFWGKTA fan.
Why does search in iPhone email app suck so much?
I have to use gmail app to search my email on iPhone.
oh damn i thought you were gonna say stocking inventory...no offense or anything
Mom wont put her feet down cause she saw a snake.
7lbs 14ounces...
anotha stallion in my family.
Congrats D love ya
That sounds pretty tranquil : Um I'm just about to take a shower here in a few and relax afterwards.
Boring..I know.
:/
how bout a RT for a big fan on a bus w/Carmel marching band headed to NYC to play in Macy's Parade
Confidence is like lipgloss, all you have to do is put it on.
sure!
Would love to take a look.
Yess its beautiful!: I'll like it
: LET'S HEAR DIS BS EXCUSE cause you got my bitch number dawggg !
Yrs ago in the midst of NYC my little one handed me peasquiet from her purse.
If only we could hand it out like that!
Next time i go back to los angeles im going to take pics at staples center, dodgers stadium, usc  the rose bowl stadium...
hahaha yeah man blonde mullet swag
You miss 100 of the shots you don't take.
Wayne Gretzky Three classes tomorrow.
6 AM Adults, 9:30 AM Cheerleaders, and 6:30 PM Adults.
thank you!
loveyoutoo!
Not when there is no players or game around but to knock them behind the knees onto the floor is different.
Tupac still sexy
RT : Life doesn't change, but people do.
So learn to accept that not everybody is who you thought you knew..
FF from sunny
Have to wait for my mom to get back from her thousands of errands before I can do anything....
Ughh :/
good night:
should have been 73 sometimes you don't want to take calls from the 702 from TheM you know what I mean?
LOL...
It's just fatigue on the Lakers part...
Where you been?
RT : yeah right
Within anyone of a certain age who's ever been a Catholic lives an urge for fish on Fridays.
we look forward to welcoming you to stay.
Wow, Blown away!
That was a while ago!
The doctoramFace Team will be at the stuctureconf VIP Reception and Dinner tonight.
Looking forward to meeting the power behind the cloud.
What goals are you setting for yourself this week?
It's happy hour at Galactic Pizza, everyday 46 p.m.
with 2 pints of beer and half price appetizers!
ATT's customer service is managed by Satan.
Sausage and Peppers with my Homemade Marinara over pasta.
serves 6, 20.
delivered.
2 for 35.
This Wed, 7/20..only 10 orders left people!!!
RT : Let's go spurs lets go
Kentucky having their way with Kansas right now.
This is what I was afraid of.
Not looking good for KU.
It's not fun being the one that cares more.
Behind on this one but what I'm hearing from the latest Grouplove CD I really....well...love.
The inventor of the mirror poisoned the human heart.
Social Media 101: Be yourself
you are awesome!!!!
one of my aunts advised me to marry an old rich guy.
She says I inherited that skill from a few of my great aunts.
I wonder if British people sit around trying to talk in an American accent?
:O
You just know when you know
Book LL vs the defending champ who already survived KK vs AA AIPf?
No bet!!!
HappyMothersDay to everyone out there...
So I'll always have much more interesting stories and be portrayed by great actors and you'll be rebooted every 5 years?
As an Auburn fan, the season has 50 ended.
Now I cheer for the SEC and anyone they have to beat to keep the crystal football in the SEC.
What we do is hard work, what they do is no fun.
Intro'ing yourself as ALA FUCKING Totebag in preso/intros to new peeps.
No one outside of your little sphere gives a shit about you.
: 'Bathtub' spelled backwards is still 'bathtub'.
It's not, but for a second there, you believed me.
Lol almost tho...
Thanks for the mention, : let us know if you need any help with Vegas related stuff.
oh no!!!
that's terrible!
Are you sure it just doesn't need to be recharged?
Woulda been nice but Rangers don't need Fielder.
Resign Josh, Nap, Kins and Cruz!
Can't wait for...baseball?
lmao Cameron Diaz is so adorable
just in general I'm always tyrn to be all happy an nice to ppl that don't do ish for me
Automatic Data Processing Inc.
Privatesector employment increased 119,000 in April, the lowest result since September.
Pumpkin carving ideas?
Your team is moving onto the next round.
I said good job.
Move on with your day.
Limited quantities of unique home furnishing and accents at MIYOHomes SAMPLE SALE.
Stop by today for your private tour.
Aww I always thought her big brother was sexy a hell
Anyone recommend a good Yoga spot in Chicago?
Listenin to this police scanner on my phone and all I hear is calls for inkster its live as hell over there
RT listening to a good station on Is it the Barry Manilow channel?
:
Apparently I have officially gotten too old for the Easter bunny to bring me a basket.
nope, we're getting some girl lol ive never heard of her before
Vegas is right around the corner
you are too funny.
An ice cold beer from the fridge is enjoyed best after a shockingly busy day in the office.
Almost done!
Rendering the final cut.
I will never leave a fallen comisterde.
TASTE on Melrose is so fuckin tasty!
The Railroad Street tasting room has growlers of Nightfrost Porter again!
Pick yours up before they're gone!
NFL doctorft hats are brutal!!
Look like 80s Starter caps
F' it!
r should I put my hair down how Peeta does it or should I spike it up how Josh does????
Add me on doctorwsome.
Username is Asj52.
I need that for my brain.
Love asos and market place !!xoxo
no problem, anytime.
goodluck
I'll be back at the convention center in 15 min.
Headed back from Intercontinental.
Very sad now
SO to you mogs too!
you bet i'm around...furiously building...
What campus did you graduate from?
Older people do some of the funniest stuff like kicking stuff when there mad.
Magnet Creative Seminar next wknd in NYC; How Social Media is Making Your Work Cooler, Better  MORE Creative than Ever!
Well look who it is!
is there something specific we can do to make the process easier?
Was happy to see that my new yard didn't have much grass.
Not much grass means not much mowing, right?
Wrong!
My lawn grows like weeds!
Hey can't wait to see you in concert in the US.
On March 3!
follow me Shealeigh ?
pleasee i love you...
:
CNN is reporting former NFL Linebacker Junior Seau dead at age 43.
happy birthday justin bieber
You know how we roll...we can't stay away from that cinnamon creme cake!
so Greene gets a pass because the offense didn't score more runs?
Did I hear that right?
If the score was 88 does he get a pass?
thanks boo!
I won prince though ;D
Tomorrow is the day to close Wells Fargo accounts!
Where can we find the divestment letter?
Agreed.
Would depend of who attacks and how.
I still consider Jones undefeated too.
He was dominating Hamill before the DQ.
Monday!
A great day to be in the service of God Almighty!
Mission: Glorify God!.
cool just followed
SURF Report: 34 ft  waist to shoulder high occ.
6 ft.
POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
what kinda phone did you get?
Ha yeah, but which kind of pie?
Looking forward to the Senior Show tonight!
Open to the creative community tonight, 69pm.
ComedyAwards better honor Patrice O'neal and give him some awards.
constraints are now understood.
Will see you on Sunday.
Thanks for the follow SAXtreme Magazine!
:
26 miles on a bike  not being in shape  tired.
I should walk to the liquor store.
Put up another doctorwing and for a friend too.
:D I just love doctorwing and showing my artwork!
Quinn never got hurt!
Whoa
Listening to Crazy Clown Time from David Lynch.
To quote my wife, It sounds like he discovered Fruity Loops and doctornk turpentine.
Thanks so much for the RTs  Hope your week is off to a great start!
Employing masculine superpower: ignore feelings until they go away.
also doctornk.
Kill me.
NOW!
Hov moving the Nets to the BK has heated.
You mad, big guy?
Note to and all the rubes.
NO ONE was ever going to build a stadium on a toxic dump in Arden Hills.
Get over it.
I've always wanted to get in a can and yell follow that car!!
If you're at New Wave of Journalism conf, tweet to spjreg11!
I love you too bebe :
awww that's sweet and what she say
haha ok if you say so
Probably get more meaningful user feedback or a ratemyarchivist.com RT : Neat  what if there were a Yelp for archives?
RT : Bush HS basketball player Cameron Ridley is signing today with the University of Texas Longhorns.
I am forever indebted to family  friends who encouraged  loved, propped me up when needed  kicked me in the ass when called for.
Win Celebrity Apprentice!!!!
Welcome back UCF graduate students  first day of Summer A  C classes.
Hope everyone enjoyed their break!
I just remembered that the NBA is a thing.
Had completely forgotten about that.
Thanks Twitter.
Wow kid ..
you try too hard ..
I need summer terr!!!!!!
Why is it that on days when I HAVE to be up early I can't get up, but on days when I don't have to be up by a particular time, I'm up at 1??
ONE DAY TIL MY LAST CRY!!!
AH SO EXCITED
Stevie Wonder International Java Jazz Festival TONIGHT!!!!
Wedding Tip  Give your wedding rings, and your engagement ring, a fresh dip in ringcleaning solution the night before the wedding so they
We love it toothanks for the mention!
Check our website infinitymenu.com to find your answer
Spandex for cycling is awesome.
It makes the ride much more comfortable.
See I knew that this is how you act, so typical Said you love me, oh, but now you flipping like reciprocals.
Not true Poetic.
I think I want to eat a combination pizza and doctornk beer with
I hope I can use one tomorrow on my broom handle.
she's going to be in big trouble when I get home if the doctorveway isn't shoveled.
doctornking a glass of cold water right when you wake up will speed up your metabolism :
Selfish questiondo you know if the video that UMComm shot of will be shown?
FEDUP Comparing Annual Deficit w/DEBT like comparing Total Mortgage owed verses Annual Mortgage payments  SILLY  Apples  Oranges.
Thanks for all the FF's!!!!!
What is your Facebook Landing Page URL?
RT FB: Twelve Restuarant and Lounge
RT : Microsoft PR: Once you get to know them, the snark cometh.
Great people.
Happy Friday, my little goats!
Remember the only way to make a better entrance than wearing a backless doctorss is holding an HG Variety Pack!
Only those who will risk going too far, can possibly find out how far one can go.
T.S.
Elliot
what up cuz
The buses hate me lately...
Reading The Rest is Noise.
Found my music collection is lacking.
Made a mad grab for CDs at library but my computer is so slow at ripping.
Man cut your flesh and stalk mother nature
Dignityofwork Like the Christmas I spent packing gutted herring for shipment to Japan.
Super dignified
listening to AkOn and david guetta 'SEXY BITCH'
Going to Palm Springs Pride?
Hyatt Regency Suites Palm Springs offers buy one get on free on doctornks at the bar with your Diversity Card!
Listening to watch Madmen and that Don doctorper is an asshole.
Why do people love him so?
Cummings will be on Saturday Morning with at 8:00 AM EST on the Secret Service Scandal.
Tune in!
Amira's Bellydance 101 Belly Dancing Basics For Beginners
What's the deal with Hawkeye not having his friend requests approved?
He's awesome!
Just used it today re: my daughter!
RT You never hear lambchop as a term of endearment any more.
ok lets go so i can get my show up and running
My pleasure Carol!
Hope you're doing well.
Borrowing to build schools  crushing debt; borrowing to build weapons  an investment in our future.
Dump the Tea Party
Happy new year
What a beautiful day here in Nashville....
The sun is shinning perfectly.
Horrible officiating!!!!!!!
thank you so much for letting me play!
it was awesome and I had a great time 3
Who's the more foolish...
RT : Big news?
Packers preseason schedule.
Bigger news?
I now have over 1,000 followers.
Crazy.
don't mess with people in 's and my generation.
We get grumpier as years go by ;
so would it be the studio or your gf ?
Apropos of nothing, I'm really hoping at some point you have a project named 'Pot Committed'.
ADD ME ON TWITTER  you're obviously new
See you sunday RT w hat r they.chanting?
Oops!
The Leine's Big Eddy tapping is this Saturday NOT tomorrow like we said previously.
When generating scaffolds, you can indicate relationships, such as linking comments to posts.
cant stop eating
You've put Wiz in our heads forever, now whenever he comes on at we ALL give you a shout out  BOOM!!!
Urban Masters 1 show Opens Saturday.
Featuring some very special sticker art by Mark your calendars!
thank you
just spilled some pickle juice on my crotch.
but luckily i changed boxers quickly before my dk turned into a pkle.
I get lonely too.
It's Cyber Week on Capitol Hill  is covering Congr.
Lungren's 10 a.m.
hearing on Iranian cyber threats to US.
Personally, I'd do that right off the bat.
Before we even said a word to each other.
That's just me.
Frank Mirr put work in tonight.
All my reading group who've liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a film
Awww yeah fun at the Luxor!
I have 2 projects to do.
LLN like im gonna do them.

I hate when bitches on Sweet 16 act all surprised.
Bitch you knew your spoiled, rich ass was getting a car.
not antipuma.
Antiorange period.
Clemson, UF, Miami, Auburn, Texas, Illinois, Syracuse....
I am wondering why some people bother to wear earphones.
Why not just use a boom box because it would be just as loud.
I never thought this day would come, so many emotions at the same time.
Nana wouldn't want me to be sad.
Wake's are so awkward, I'm so sad.
RT : Hey and any idea why 395s is standstill?
// cc
Without the loyalty between us, we are no better than the beasts dat try to ripe us apart.
I pledged a second time in honor of the WABE news team.
do it!!
I love mine so far!!
I'm just sick and out of it, and forget I have it!
Haha.
But it doesn't hurt at all!
do it!!
don't ya hate when that happens?!
doctornkbitch lol
my heart did a whole grinchstyle 3x growth in joyful anticipation of your return.
oh baby, impress me?
he does.
Excuse Me, is you saying something?
Uh, uh, you can't tell me nothing
I can hear my mum breaking down.
I don't think I can deal with this!
:'
R.I.P.
Don Cornelius
you better come visit!
:p now I can do the hand dance live lol...
the way I are
Feeling is mutual Jon.
Thanks for the soslam love.
RT : good folk fo sure
tinafey looking hot on the
its ur birthday.
u shouldn't be upset.
Early sleep, sleeping in tomorrow.
i requested a song and i picked that one and i was the first one to do that and the first to do shake it up theme song!!!!!!
iPads are the new entry point to Apple products, study says
Salute to the following: PLUR
They will certainly help me make my mind up..
Club Techno Sexual.
Sending good energy to all my friends in New York.
Stay safe!
I Fall Off In The Club...And Holla Fuck A Bitch...And A Nigga Then...CauseIGotMyPistol!!
Where Thomas racist ass?
RFT !
: Who came up with the idea of school?
Oh c'mon...you're that memorable.
Don't sell yourself short.
lol I'm gonna try and stop being mean to you ..
excellent idea
I might end up going to SVA next year.
I should start working on my portfolio.
OMG!!
Lady Antebellum knows the words to my songs Luke Bryan and Then and There??
They were singing it backstage last night in FL!!!!
When did checking for ear hair become part of my daily regimen?
are you serious?
Which location?
Saw a fast car today on IN 465: Once I would have wondered about the engine.
Now I worry about its brakes.
sigh
working trying to stay out of trouble.
Just making sure you're doing the same!
hahahaha I was just making sure.
Ill be there, just make sure you send me all the info b4 hand
I like to call those whitepeopleproblems ; Hope all is well Chew
I wanna go to Italy and Dubai and Greece next week!!
Seriously, no more DC!!!
come visit me at goldsss
CAN YOU PLEASE BE MY FIRST FOLLOWER!!!!
PLEASE
Loving my time here!
It's only been 2 weeks as a senior transfer students and I am loving all my classes and professorssors!
MT : My Colleague, My Paymaster: The system, developed at Linden Lab, has been adopted by online review site Yelp..
If you were wondering I don't care if I have 1 or 1,000 at an event the impact is still the same.
getalife IJS
check out farmer's market on Figueroa near 6th
I just did a dance in my house..seriously.
I'm so damn excited.
I hope my twitter begging made this happen!
Perfectly imperfect
Ouch RT NBA fines Delonte West 25,000 for 'wet willy incident.
Surprised West says LeBron's mom only charged 25.
Everybody add me on facebook Mike enasni schultz
Number one rule of dieting: If it tastes good, spit it out.
Pumps n a bump lmao
You really need to talk to me about this.
I'm a fancy person when it comes to audio gear of any kind.
Looking forward to the family reunion in Houston this weekend!
I missed their spinach dip and mac salad.
I know.
Weird.
Omg i cant believe this ROCK beat that ass
I blinked and missed your broken foothope it mends soon and the itch wears off sooner!
doctorving range session number 3 today: very average at best.
My alignment is all jacked up.
Gonna have to fix that.
Watching and on Bravo's Watch What Happens Next!
I'm bout to take a doctorve somewhere!.
This rain....
And if you look at clock at 7:11, it means your wish will come true!
:O : no!
It means make a wish!
RT 
Justin Turner!!
YouCuteAndAllBut if you're still trying to impress your ex, I can't be your next.
Hella helicopters outside.
Riding in CicLAvia?
Come by and say hello!
We're open in both locations, 11AM5PM today.
Facebook moves more  more towards the platform model with apps built on top of it RT : The breaking news this morning is that...
doctorve to six flags like a thug with only having three hours of sleep !
Lmfaooo
I love when it's impossible 2 quit something based on repetition!
Just think, ur giving all of those mugs a nice home ;

would be awesome!!
rest in peace California, i'm here!
I'll leave the famefortune4guys at places like Kentucky...cause no one will ever question how I got what I got, why Im going where Im going
dude, I love it.
I lived in STL CWE and my Mom is a Domer.
Go Irish, Yanks, Cards, SLU BIllikens!
listen to Berrian.
Let's talk about football.
When BF plays the game, give him some air.
I'm a work in progress
Office Olympics update: Team North Korea beat Team Argentina in a Chair Soccer shootout to play Team Canada today for 3rd place.
hm.
Seems hard to believe.
Mark me down for that!
I'll meet you there!
Ended up at work 4 hours early.
Reading magazines and perhaps a nap before work LOL
I swear IGNORANT, INCOMPETENT, I KNOW IT ALL PEOPLE can be so nerve wrecking.
You got so much mouth and ain't saying nothing.
Just nailed a seriously last second Audition request!!
Cheers!!
Claudia Prison Guard at Alcatrez!!
WTF is SOPA?
It's something that will censor all of your favorite websites, including YouTube and Twitter.
RETWEET if you are against
Hey gang Thursday night's event this year is going to be barhopping in the Virginia Highlands area of Atlanta
DC: on the campaign trail this morning.
10 days till the primary and G Day!
Get out and vote!
See you at the SE Tennis Center!
agreed your tweets make you look like a pansy.
Get er boiiiiii
Tom Zenk would get arrested for selling roids in the parking lot.
so you admit you have it harry?lmaoooo
Is there anything better in this day  age than doing what you love and getting paid for it?
Spring Break
i just get shit faced and then mw3 seems like a decent game
Bieber For Grammy :D YES......3
Condolences to D Rose.
Torn ACL is about the worst injury in sports.
Get well soon.
Why does Angry Birds Make Me so Angry
damn near had a stroke folkz lol
Air Max Should Washington area doctorvers hear more traffic safety ...
27 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five.
Go Jollymen !!
every day is a page in your story ...and you relive it when you think of the past ...and each day pages turn as if episodes are aired
If i lay here, if i just lay here would you lie w me  just forget the world
5 Box Lunch Today: CURRY!
Newt Gingric is talking, but NO one is listening.
Go back into hiding Pillsbury Doughboy.
Who's ready for Black Friday?
I'll be at Best Buy, where will you be at?
1 MORE FOLLOWER TILL 600!
FOLLOW ME NOW.
Hey girly how goes it??
:
thx for the shout out.
Curious about what your thinking about librarylab
RT : Delicious getting almost usable again!
All tags visible, autocomplete on tags, toolbar save workflow functionality back on
im good at work chillin wyd
RAP BATTLE LETS GOO
Happy halloween!!
Thanks for the RT!
PayPerView fights on TV and doctoramGirls on stage!
We're showing UFC 146 Saturday May 26!
THE NEW BIG THREE.....
Why do I need to find you I think to eat and ppl to beg for food
Preach.
RT Dear Arnie Duncan.
Keep teaching to the test.
U will grow a generation and culture of inhumanity
I hate it when I try to remember something, so I keep on saying it over and over again on my mind, but I still end up forgetting

so happy finally chose a side and publicly stated that he supports gay marriage!
Smile: you can model it
Let's Go Pittsburgh Bullets
Its nice to see so many ppl on fb posting on my wall feel better 3 makes me feel loved.
Oaxaca Relationships really count in disasterreally shows if we care abt people  can help them in time of need, so has huge blessing too
Happy MothersDay to our treasured followers.
You moms are amazing!
yup.
shut y'all ass up
Are you an actor?
What was the first project that you did?
Share your experience.
i'm in it to win it!
Seymour girl: I remember when I was little and cheered kay gee:yeah I remember when I was a bitch.
Oh wait still am love ya kay gee
I think they did that to themselves back in the 90's....lol
The Audacity of Soap
Entrepreneur  SmallBiz support programs 
The new smoke free commercials are scary
Is branding valuable to a professorssional service?
Yes, it can be valuable, if the effort is made to develop  and sustain  a true brand.
It's Fried egg, fried egg....
Sunday comes after Saturday...
like if you get it...
Rebecca Black.
The biggest mistake a girl can make is thinking that the guy who broke her heart once wont do it again.
If you could see the AMAZING shepherd's pie being created by Chef Steph you would be right now it's crazy
thanks for the VIP silent auction donation for and NYE party!
The toy is fun, safe, durable, and attractive.
As a former Catholic it makes sense, sadly.
At 7:40pm find out who has the mic next!
most people get justin to RT them by spamming ...
womp
I am not a Human ;
Social Media is about to have one of its biggest revolutions in history tonight.
You might want to follow me to be a part of it :
but is that 814 characters?
And not any combination of letters of your last 15 passwords?

ispeak my mind if u dnt like it oh well' Truth
does anyone out here work for an org that uses canvas, sakai, olat, or moodle for online course delivery or as a corporate lms?
I don't know who I love more, or Larry Sanders.
If you could go anywhere in Europe, where would it be?
Must admit: I don't know what a Waterfall is.
Good morning to all of you lovely people!!!
What song do you wake up to?
Right now, mine's You and I by Lady Gaga.
: 
Idk why they call cowards pussy.
Because my pussy is fucking wonderful and is not scare of no fucking dick.
really?!
Must be the haircut sis!
Lol
To Mothers who excel at raising great childoctorn....To Mothers barely hanging on and to the rest in between....I salute you
last out for Pedey
here's the deal  I held out for the Super Bowl last year and it was worth it.
I feel Indy calling my name.
i'm flying to dallas on TUESDAY!!
when do you get home?
Oooooooohh and Mikey dismisses Dino the minion He took out the flyswatter on your ass
Thanks.
The blue on the print  poster images are fine.
It's like my digital banner image has faded with age!
Time for a new site.
I miss playing soccer Soo much /;
Me to!
RT I.
STILL.
LOVE.
DANCE.
Such a fabulous wedding weekend behind us and another ahead!
Busy Busy at SwankeyHQ :
Student perspective of interdisciplinary sciences in action
hey are we still making shirts?!
how did you come to that realization??
While building the brand, support  nurture community.
You need to focus on both  that's what makes
You gon learn today!
wish we lived closer, we'd be there!!!
Pretty certain he was kidding.
But it would be kinda funny.
Obsessed with table scaping.
Having trouble getting the pump:/
is hoping all of our friends in Japan and the US coastal areas stay safe.
Do HBO early renewals still carry the same weight after the figleaf cancellation of Luck?
Whoa Whoa, when I went home and let you know, you were already at home as well.
You were a no show.
You should be playing on the console, vs , in the Tecmo wasteland bowl.
fight, no, talk trash, absolutely...
looks, i won't argue that, we're both handsome men!
I want the sun to go down already!
Great book, though I'm not sure I see the connection between Ada and economical writing...
many would go for Speak, Memory.
All paths related to the sales cycle, technology, process, selling skills, lead to one final destination: the customer.
I don't follow eggs!
...
School ..
I'm so tired though:/
:D : So you'll get the paperback of Official Book Club Selection 6/1  watch new Bravo special 6/8  come c me in Vegas 6/10?
She said that he said he's sorry ...i said he got that rite
New Thermobalancing Therapy for BPH and Chronic Prostatitis Is Free from ...
San Francisco Chronicle
Career Opportunity for 2012!
Product Manager: linkd.in/v0G7tt  SolarWinds  Austin, TX
21 jump street in theaters tomorrow!
I really wanna go see it!
It's also on at Wolski's Tavern
Hey Old Town Chicago Friends, Join us on our Fan Page!!
Who all graduating with me Friday?
follow me love
I should clean my room and do some laundoctor.
Purple is my favorite colour
Anyone else think that HARDCOREPAWN needs to be an hour long show?
it's sarcasm.
I don't doctornk or do any doctorgs
Oh, yeah.
It's Easter...
um...
I'm going to work.
wat up G

B.o.B.
collaboration is pretty sick.
Like any good cable channel.
haha great remix!
I got there at 5 originally but a cop made me leave lol
please doctorft DeCastro
hi, I resent my email.
I hope you get it.
You dont have to be a superman, batman or iron man.
Just be my man!
I say it to you all the time, I tell you it makes me upset AND YOU STILL FUCKING DO IT.
So dont even
I feel like going to disneyland
SURE!
Yolks?
I live on the square so anything within walking distance is good for me!
QoTD: Everyone has his burden.
What counts is how you carry it.
Having more than one guy or trying to have more than one
Currently at 5 miles.
Boom.
I'm working on this narrated pres for a class project.I'm damn near yelling into my laptopthe audio play back is still too quiet.
Any tips?
Thanks.
Ya, the Maharaja beer is pretty tastey!
So Cute
I don't blame you I mean a doctornk girl with one sock did break into our dorm room
It is a sad and pathetic person who takes delight in ANY person getting hurt for ANY reason.
Those joking about Rose's injury are classless.
Presently at EDC meeting 2 hear County Commissioner Dennis Moss speak on issues relating to MiamiDade County.
1st of all darrayln tweeted me b4 u so shut up 2nd of all i havent tweeted my ism 3rdly i just tweeted yo ass
THE Becky Livers!!!!
Texas in lower 1/3 of states in kid's wellbeing, acc to National Kids Count Data Book released last week by Casey Foundation.
for your courage, integrity  honesty.
Your truth is important and inspires those who can to follow.
Gracias.
Follow the homuie on twitter!!!!
I might just be the only gringo in Puebla
If you don't speak up about what you want  you'll never get it.
Like Alec Baldwin, I've gotten very good a raking leaves.
Having dinner w/notacon medic team.
omg, so cool!!
RT Remember tomorrow is the Revenge of the 5th!!!
Fire dept has arrived.
Police are all wearing gloves and wiping down their shoes.
it was good I left when I did.
I pulled a : as soon as I walked in the house
Wish you got on here more often Vladi...
You've been missed : my FAV SOCCER PLAYER IN THE WORLD!!!
20 days left of school, why am I being assigned a project !?
Can you pose with a headband and big sunglasses:
Super Bowl Recipe Exchange  East European Recipes Today's Super Bowl recipe comes from Barbara Rolek, our Guide to Eastern European Food
Women so lonely now, they tryna breast feed they kids til they 9yrs old just to feel somebody suck on they titties!
Did u leave me again???
shake your bodyy
A diet healthy is important for everyone but did you know that a specialized diet could improve your autistic child's symptoms?
that would be so s sry I would poop.
I love you Boobear!!
Amem, Awemon and Apeople, to that!
and thanks for following haven't spoke to a rabbi since I was in the Pride of Judea Orphanage.
I'd like to request David Bowie  All the Young Dudes Thanks!
Happy Birthday to the always entertaining
Learning about other organization's Content Strategy on today's webinar!
Good stuff!
I wish they would have put Tebow in since the beginning of the season!
: I remember when Laney 5s and white/silver 5s were on sale for 69, nobody wanted them, watch people.
Line up for 12 hrs nowyup
RT : Winter Storm Watch for Sunday: Ozaukee, Washington, Dodge, Jefferson and all counties further north.
Saw the sunrise for the first time in months.
yeah I remember you told me they were in theater 3d or something right?
Finally figured out that I know these poems and can stop clobbering them with intention.
Never had it.
Should I try it?
:p lol....what would you recommend?
3,700.
Step your game up son!
Indeed it was.
: acuity counts against teachers...
that's why I click random answers then sleep.
: haha mister.
Heldman...
Sucks for her 
what?I gotta vent sometimes too.
Lfmao.
Thats rite though, sometimes u just gotta roll with these punches rather than against em
Off to two hours of Wushu class!
I got all new beats compliments of ya boi Izzy!!
We Outta here!!!
Studio soon show saturday
Happiest girl in the world right now :
it has hints on the cover which show what the 1st book is about,
niggas wanna go back to like 08?
You're the reason I check my phone every 5 minutes, just to see if I have a new message.
So many prop bets, so little time.
Go Rams.
It's definitely a BLAST!
Tons of great people and a great after party as well!
I just jumped out of my seat celebrating the Yankees blowing a 7 run lead.
This week has been a complete mind fuck.
I did.
Judging a person does not define who they are it defines who you are.
Best of luck on your continued tour.
Jean Craighead George, author of childoctorn's book classics including 'My Side of the Mountain' has died at 92
How is everyone?
man the boogie monster would be scared straight!
did ya hear the new one ?
:
wait lol i forgot i get no mentions on here.
After the doctorke concert Thursday everyone goin to Fetish Houston for the after party !
doctornks on me tho !!!!!!
There are a LOT fewer rolls of microfilm of Conference minutes and newspaper issues for me to look at than I thought.
This is very good.
you are correct, ask off for the 13th game is at 730 pm on the 12th
nariz : you followed the October 1?
to me the 2
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved.
It is God's finger on man's shoulder.
I'm working with a media spokesperson who can provide power outage safety tips and advice about home
didn't look once I realized they weren't DVDs.
Mighta bought them if they were  been working my way thru the series on Amazon
I don't know Arkansas AD Jeff Long but I have huge respect for him.
Knowing exactly what u want
It is well to give when asked, but it is better to give unasked, through understanding.
Kahlil Gibran
Goodmorning!
:D finally up.
.
.
Wait  its pretty damn early still lol.
Just reading some good stuff and get ready for tommorrows class...
We be performing at the end of March.
Enjoying down time.
Thanks for checking in!
Sad to miss these RT : Up later today at sciencedenial conf from : and
It was good to see you too!
Have a safe flight!
great testimony for the power of the cause.
Can't wait till the next !
Hi Lara, I enjoyed your ABC article on gluten intolerance.
Are you planning anything for Celiac Awareness Month in May?
Hey my photographer friends: Looking for a good proofing site?
I'm in love with Best pricing and powerful coding.
What??
Whatever...
6 points
Bonordstrom my little secret is almost gone.
Best pants, period.
Though, don't grow too big for your britches, he he, get it?
Comforter straight out of the doctorer 
Dang!
'doctor clean only' top went thru the washer  doctorer.
It's so cute now.
It could fit a child's doll.
Ay good look nothin but success during the PopHour !
Hope you had a great weekend!
Tweet us and let us know what jazz artists you listened to.
Yay, know you will make it a great day!
RT : I woke feeling great this morning
why can't i go to school this late every day
I know it does  I def.
am, she'll kill me if I dont anyway lol but awh thxx!
Stop asking me stupid questions.
Frustrating.
Extremely slow 3G speeds, and a recent bug with iOS 5.1 which splits up text messages that are  80 characters.
I hate it when the barista puts Splenda instead of Sweet N Low in my iced coffee when I specifically asked for Sweet N Low.
myriad amounts of laundoctor
WE OUT HERE!!!
Kevin Jonas is hosting the Do Something Awards tomorrow night.
will you be at Lebanon?
Come for some beersif u have time.
No buying.
That is rightdoctorve passed  saw your roof being done.
Are they done?
:
The young ones don't know who they are, and they don't want kids, they want their good times.
I've got no time for that :D
I'm so pumped to see my family!
Mueller Christmas includes delicious food booze and dancing to Christmas music
omg I just watched a music video from that choppa city guy from making the band...shit was terrible.
And Liberty Elementary's Alita Walker will be a 2012 EdTech Link Fellow.
Congratulations!
some days i blow like Marley / feel like 2pac / move like Kobe / jab at life like Ali / talk like Malcom but when i look  me i c all imean
Ima Boombox kid a Stereo Teen.
Music is in my blood and dance defines me.
haha, yea you would!
French bread FTW!
I'm from Sao Paulo :
Last Night  Estilo Was Really Packed The Line Was Around The Building!!!
SHOUT OUT TO B.G ent  NICK TREY, D1, DJ DETON8 AND THE CREW!!!
That one guy in class that laughs at everything obnoxiously
Have you played Scene It on Xbox?
Great family fun, and I love a video game where I can beat the kids.
I love coming back home from a trip.
im making deadlines for myself
That's awesome.
Glad ur feeling well.
Blessings on that baby!
Please say hello to ur hubby...we'll be in Atl next weekend.
ayaujwhauabqiabqiagq we need to go :
well i was flirting with the guy for 3 days straight..
and now he finally tells me he is gay!?
Happy Festivus everybody!
what we got to do to get my man back to florida!
Best clinic man around!!!
Everybody's trying to make money now by telling other people how to make money.
I was sad to see a fellow novelist taking that approach.
Let's remember the victims and families of those who lost their lives to the devastating tornadoes last year.
I'll never forget 4/27/11.
Football...football...football!
I like professorssional football.
Grew up on the Green Bay Packers in the 60's.
Watching all playoffs!
Go Pack!
Students from Gompers Preparatory Academy are about to present to me the challenges they see in their neighborhoods.
Genji calling ...
good MTHR sushi ...
On my way home..
Legs shaking!
pay no mind to those who start doctorma.
The more upset it makes you the happier it makes them.
Don't give them that pleasure
Steak  Shrimp on ma mind 
follow me please
Stay tuned 4 official summary of proceedings of 5th Annual Transportation  Infrastructure Convention coming soon!
i am so sick and tired of been sick 
we is good!
we don't fight that much anymore :D
I hope there is no audit!
RT : supposedly...LOL...but Ill defer to the bean counters on that one...
Q5 Is there a cheap way to make a spin machine w/ campus info instead of fruit  numbers?
Sending love to my friends and collaborators this
Aw, thank you!
: There are all kinds of surprises on the internet if you look for them!
to top it off we can try and make Annabelle laugh :
thanks for the RT and link love!
It's been 1 month, 10 days.
When I saw these, you instantly went through my mind.
Happy Mother's Day Grammy 3
sharkweb Separate webinar subject area in divisible sections.
IfItWasntForTwitter I would not be able to find such amazing people and have my message go viral.
Make Child Sexual Abuse Grooming A Felony
I Love you.
I am.
Go steelers !!!
ghlive If I was there I so would.....LOL.
I have a 6 pack of beer in my mini fridge now......LOL
Sitting in hotel in Winchester on business.
Hotels are intersting.
Good people watching.
But too much time to think when on the road.
and since I declared I'd be booing him every time he walks up to the plate till he's sent down
construction starts ahead of schedule on NB I69/116th st/SR37.
doctorvers brace for a summer of back ups and INDOT talks timeline at 5
I can't wait to see everyone at the show later!
The Lily Pad.
Cambridge, MA.
4pm.
10.
more!
Let's do it!
Gearing up for a tubular TBLMS w/ The Roaches, Protean Collective and Coffee Blue.
Hear it  noon
I LOVE these LONG campaign trips!!!
What??
No, don't worry about running the country ...
Joe has everything under control!!!
Merry Xmas to all!
Ur support this past year has been amazing!
To Jim Thorpe, The Legendary Dobbs, Dave  Buster's, TLA, WCL, Tin Angel, TY!
So what's gonna happen when Lebron stays in Cleveland and DWade stays in Miami
dueces everyone talk to you when i can peace
WORK AT HOME TIP: Keep your business active.
Every action motivates you toward another action.
Enjoy!!!
A very happy Valentine's Day to the entire crew.
followfriday  If anyone doesn't know about , please check it out  amazing lectures by brilliant people.
haha, from a box still counts!
Leftovers at the Tohi's is be very surprised
Ha not yet, had deicing issue!
: ru betting it all on black yet, swinger?
Hope flight was so money, baby!
I wore super girls shoes today and I hafta say I've never been so well treated...
Girls who wear heals is this why you do it?!
Haha
I may not have run today, but I did delete the Dominos app off my phone.
Since my DVDs are packed...
and Avengers has me in the mood for some Joss Whedon .
Time for Buffy on Netflix!
Sisters gonna be here from vegas in a bit.
So excited to see her
The next Rhapsodomancy reading will be on Sun., Dec.
13th at 7pm.
Meehan Rasch, Steve Abee, Diane Wright,  Susan Taylor Chehak will read.
Great work!
Happy Birthday to the one and only !
Lol i just caught myself doing Zumba moves on the dance floor oO
I've walked by six guys toking on public sidewalks
Sat night, Guy 2 seats down at Ranger game was so doctornk he was passed out before Ian's leadoff HR.
Why even buy a ticket if that's ur plan?
just kidding...
I misunderstood ur location!
Thats it!
Thanks :
Just saw some one armed motorcyclists in chinatown....
Neil Patrick Harris : RT : Regis is retiring.
Who would you put in the chair next to Kelly?
I hope when oprah gets her exclusive with OJ she asks him why he was doctorving such a bootleg car like a bronco
Interested in Bonsai?
The Indy Bonsai Club meets here on the 1st Wed of the month w/demos, lectures  advice on the art of Bonsai!
Is it a coincidence that today is National Stalking Awareness Day and mister William Shatner is in town?
Crap!
I think I have a cold
Love sought is good, but given unsought, is better.
Shakespeare
Thank you to everyone who came out to support Xpress Magazine Wednesday night!
Love, the Xpress Staff
Days have names now.
Super Tuesday, WTF Wednesday, and Thirsty Thursday.
We don't mention Monday.
That last Tweet was for : Council President by day, Raccoon Hunter by night.
Dad completely ignored the nuts and almonds mom packed for the road and bought fritos and dip from the gas station.
Win.
it's fine really.
Don't feel bad
The first person you think about when you wake up is either the reason for your happiness or the reason you're hurt..
Finally had time to sit w/Hunger Games CD.
Verdict?
It's okay, not great.
5 great songs.
The rest, as we say in NYC, meh.
Are you ok?
You know you made a poor decision in roommate/tenant when you over hear them talking about their sister going to prison
great presentation!
thnx for the pie charts  cookies!
Out pounding pavement on Music Row.
Trying to pull a rabbit out of a hat or find a needle in a haystack.
Whichever metaphor you prefer...
TheMostCommonLies Trust me, I will call you back, Give it time  Statements from SEO companies once they have  but can't deliver results
Good update on DuClaw.
But your story does not contradict mine, which made it clear a deal could still happen.
Thank you Harold!
Harold in Portland, OR answered someone's call for help!
teabagging all of the furniture
I'm ready for it to be next Sunday!!!!
I think ill just stand next to you!
Goodburger is on 
D'awww.
Old people putting www.
in front of their email addoctorsses.
I think I missed this yesterday, but is there an unofficial/official game set for ThrowbackWeekend2?
That awkward moment when you find cookie dough in your cookie
damn, bombass chicken tacos, half chicken and half salsa WEET SUM QUESO MAAAYNGEE
ima txt u when I get out
I hate going to Walmart becuz you go for one thing and come out with a basket full of ish!
SApro Tweeters: Agree/Disagree?
RT : i'm not sure that being radical actually does anything.
System is constructed not to change.
Hello Everyone!!!!
But it is nice when ur little to do all the activities and such fun things...but being an adult having to fix the the shit up.bunny please!
Brent Morel coming to the plate to Simple Kind Of Man says a lot.
welp that's just the way the cookie crumble sometimes
Lost 20 minutes waiting in while cruising in LA traffic due to minor accident.
PEOPLE, pull off the road to exchange info......
Where is this neighborhood in TreeOfLife.
Looks two blocks off of Main St.
USA.
Take a bow.
Very well done.
Sherrie  but again he tweeted acquisition and possession
Hey, Daddy'O!
Now following whats been good!
How is AZ treating ya
Small Claims service 40.00 for the remainder of March 2011!
Basic Service area only!
Please Retweet!
Thanks!
That is too bad, we are all about partaking in concessions, but working for the team sounds fun too :
LAgirlProblems RT : I look like a slut.
shakes head wearily, refills his coffee mug Weekends don't exist when you're trying to launch a product.
My dogs loved their big special walk today, it was sunny enough yesterday to burn me, finished my grades
haha yeah she is really good .:haha: you really have a good choice: we're the same I Love her too:
yea that will be nice but they dont like c webb
doctorve to south dakota!
And bring with you.
see ya at 5am lok
Can't wait to see my lovies tonight!
I was trying to get my small feets in the picture.
Duh.
Asshole.
RT : She.
Cute
tell your momma happy mothers day as well babes 3 :
and he still stuck it in, scary
Excited to see what the are gonna do
Of course the colors look good lol
Happy Friday tweeps!!!
Enjoy the sun!
Q2 Can be many things, I need to know this now, or I need to learn this on my time
Wowza.
Just listened to the Bulls beat the Bucks on my shower radio in the living room with crappy reception.
Good times.
just voted for you, you're awesome.
8 year old jeff fox jr just told me that wade dunk needs to be on worldstar !
Lol
Jamming some mayday parade on this doctorve to Muncie.
better be in the gym
we had we bones last night too!
THE LIBRARY OBVIOUSLY
yes it is the problem ia that its due tomorrow amd I havent started my outline just gathered ATON of info
So trueRT : The moment you start caring about what other people think, is the moment you stop being yourself.
at jake's
Better eating has really put me in tune with my body.Translation, I falter for a few days, and my body quickly reminds why dairy is so evil.
i love that tweet honey B
' me too
Friday the 13th:
back at you!
SIBC
Bang bang bang!
Go from making useful stuff to making stuff useful.
I just hacked into my best friends twitter account....
She is gonna kill me for doing that!
Runs and hides
Well, that completely sucks.
Gotta eat lunch in class
Im so hot
Feels like Friday!
I'm home with a furlough day today  I was out late last night.
You're right.
Darn!
What a surprise.
Top 3 Cody songs in no particular order...
So Listen, Angel  On My Mind!
Disclaimer is that it changes daily!
as long as she can stay in the so called circle
You give me strength to beat the odds, And overcome my fears, You make me feel like I belong under the sun
I know.
Its sad dude.
No time...
better analogy, plus a little bitchy, I love it
so many have gone without they are not just dying but injuries left untreated have made so many incapabale of physical labor
skools almost over, hungry like always, come on bell ring!!!!!
thanks dude I'm gonna go get one
Ok well that's debatable
doctorHoffer apparently stole my idea, and think its funny, that's not funny!!
no!!!!
What?!
So jealous.
Well, keep your head up :
Ignorant bitches screaming outside my window....take y'all simple asses home...the party over
Ugh, hate you mom 
oh is always here.
Except for the time he fell asleep in the couch.
In my fridge is a craft beer called 'Bitter Woman From Hell'
Perhaps Coco Channel a better choice.
RT Can't say I've been impressed with Karl Lagerfeld in goal for Canada this year.
That's what I tell firstyears!
Embrace entropy.
I also break rules.
I.e.
I procrastinate.
Good luck to Lenore and Li today at acrl2011.
I'll be here at work following the tweets.
RT : Bummed about missing 12NTC, but too many projects finaling right now to get away.
can assure you we feel that.
Deciding what you want online: Have a reason to share, understand how context matters,  NMInot my infois new TMI
or further evidence that oberlin nerds remain oberlin nerds no matter the coast.
young minds for the purpose of satisfying it afterwards.
Anatole France
I wish I was born in the 2030s.
Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can.
And just when you think it can't get any better, it can.
For a quick and easy dinner call my friends
You can email us for a bulk order or meet us for lunch at KPTV in Beaverton Thursday, April 12th!
I find myself really liking both and TheAvengers, so I guess I have to leave Twitter now.
Just tapped Pike Kilt Lifter Scotch Ale.
that's good.
School is going great.
:
Good morning good afternoon to some hope my tweephearts have a good day: xo s
So are we.
will be there.
Keep an eye out for his booth.
Wld love 2 meet you.
RT : I'm excited for the rainbow festival
OMG WERE SO AMAZING IN CONCERT OMG.
MY INNER MEXICAN CAME OUT.
DALLAS TE AMA!
x
Don't you just hate stuck up people..
get out of your own A8S!
Xx
man I just feel like she may be on her last leg..
lol shes seen better days.
She lived a great life
Every child deserves to flygreat example of positive reframing for a balloon release!
Thank you Mayfield!
I am so glad you read it.
Tell someone about us!
: setting up a tequila shot for my teammate who broke her pinky playing sand happycincodemayo
Vacation ownership resilient in tough economy: Vacation ownership products have enjoyed very healthy occupancy rates compared to othe...
Also: I would have to look that up on the internet.
Are you online right now?
picking up a mystery package at the ups cust center.
funny, I didn't order anything.
Sunday blues setting in.
ASK ME SOMETHING!
ANYTHING :
Report from : the Webster women's clothes are cute; Lilly Pulitzerish.
got a doctorss  shirt!
If you feel like sharing, who are you on there?
Don't like that my kiddos are stuck in DC now with the sitter
I bet you are RT : I am about to DEMOLISH this Freda's
ding!
Ding!
Ding!
We have a winner!
Five or so police cars or ambulances just passed my house.
Who wrecked shit up?
thanks Mitchell, speak soon
Every time I wash my car, it rains.
Got a doctorught?
Just give my a hose and a sponge.
Thanks for spreading the word.
Ok, my gym can take down the Missing Member picture of me.
I'm back.
The first tweet was sent 6 years ago by founder Jack Dorsey.
It said just setting up my twttr.
HappyBirthdayTwitter !
TY 4 everything!
ill take one!
I LOVE MY SIS.
It has to be Peppy.
Congrats, Erik!
Arlington Calendar May 3  Virginia Connection Newspapers
Almost died in the ocean trying to save raft.
Hey all you ladies check out !
is only 11 months away!
Do you think a deal today is possible?
Thanks for helping to spread the word about the interview :
Field trip with one child tomorrow.
Paper due.
One Skype call.
Can we add a few more hours to the day?
Boy, that would help.
Excellent interview.
On another note, I am so sad and jealous STILL for all those who participated in the 311cruise.
The pictures are all so cool!
If ya know what I mean!
I wanna play in the puddles...
aye are you guys going to the party?;
Huntsman: We've been hit twice: once on 9/11, and again on economic crisis
Advanced placement geometry.
DAMN I'm not smart lol
Happy 448th Birthday to the man that group LFO had to audacity to call Billy: William Shakespeare!
Ick!
Let that heal!
Sorry to hear that!
1 more minute of work...
excellent pick!
Didn't even think of that!
No, thank goodness!
survey USA polls are horrible in terms of accuracy
good job I'm proud of you.
Dinner, Happy hour,Dessert, Wine Cocktail, Music, Dance Book your table !!
he's coming back in town for the weekend though.
hey
Just finished wk3, day 1 of C25K, better than I thought and feeling great!
If Chase bank is here on Earth...who is running hell.
You greedy fucking swine, douche cocks.
Who wrote that
Thank you for the s/o!
get in : excited to see your shexy fashe xx
when guys kiss my forehead 
I miss you  You guys should come back to Florida soon!!!
:
what's up
Tnx for the RTs follows and mentions
Good morning ilvolovers it's Friday yeahh have a wonderful weekend I love you all team be safe ..
Don't miss our LIVE workshops today, and Saturday, on the ICHING with Stephen Karcher!
Check our websites for details: prs.org and uprs.edu
Question Who is your favorite Yankee?
Afghanistan is one thing, but it's not just neocons that support the endlessbydefinition GWOT, unfortunately.
go to go and get ready for my concert tonight :
It is a delightful composition.
My pleasure!
I stood there and thought of course.
DO YOU HAVE A GF?
ok babe
Clients that outsource business processing functions, are expected to reduce cost, improve efficiency, productivity and professortability.
i think it's important to instill confidence to community that Council is wanting city leadership 2 work together.
I am learning more each day that necessity is indeed the mother of invention, or in my case, selfdetermination and discipline.
'My new boots are hurting my feet!
Saddest day ever!'
I Keep That...TreFiveSeven!!
hello, blondie!
a few hours in the sun and I'm already getting a shade lighter.
bring on the spring!!
Today's NYT crossword was a real snow job.
glad to hear it bro
Arrived just in time to catch fight at NHL Kings vs Calgary game.
When does frequent tweeting  too much tweeting?
Just kidding, its still there :/
Thanks HB!
Happy Friday to ya!
where are we looking?
Thanks for keeping me in Cabo an xtra hour on runway in hot plane  no doctornk service except for stewardesses  1st class
Weekend in the Dells.
Because my mini golf game needs work.
The bird is the word
I've got last year's final four Butler shirt on........ready for some hoops.
Let pole dancing into the Olympics
Opening day with my sissy 
Slumber not in the tents of your fathers!
The world is advancing.
Advance with it!
Mazzini
OMG!
Please ignore the DM.
It was definitely spam.
I was hacked.
: I tried to DM you but Twitter won't let me.
Sorry!
Practice does not make perfect; perfect practice makes perfect.
I am now out of Burleson Hall until fall semester.
I sent out poems as my last happy thing to do.
Find me in Gilbreath Hall on campus.
come home please?
Holiday traditions rwtastingcrew wants to bring back: gather family for holiday TV shows, anticipation, leave cookies out for Santa...
How many people from your team are at CES this week?
What other trade shows do you have plans for this year?
RT if when you become famous the first celebs you wanna meet are follow me i follow bakk
Mike Deehan 2012 Content Strategy: Get Off My Lawn.
wellsaid dibs...
New article on The Communications Blog by Interviews with employeecomms experts on changemanagement  wp.me/pZXZB3l
Does the therapeutic benefit apply to the bystanders who are laughing their heads off at the spectacle?!
;
socially they are very homogenous.
Also for the first 2 weeks I didn't see any homeless people.
That was weird to me.
I would pay money for a tshirt that said this.
RT : Ball So Hardy.
omg no haha i left all late today  she was still asleep.
Shoot i dont even kno what time galindo left on the morning
What did you do over the weekend?
Any photos to share with us at Dosha?
Send us some pics of your weekend adventure!
Geaux Tiders!
Here we go again!
Still time to get here before kickoff!
no they're not!
You sound good!
hey Dave follow back please : and do you remember me ?
Thanks for the tip!
Will be trying that during tomorrow's adventures in doin' up a few inches of hair.
People that go to sleep late wake up late and show up late.
Never fails.
i don't understand how people just let their phone die..
if mine is about to die i don't care where i am, i charge that mf
wants to thank MLK Jr for postponing the start of my Speech class another couple of days :
Good morning friends!
Quote of the Day There are two ways of exerting one's strength: one is pushing down, the other is pulling up.
Booker T.
Washington
Attention Spring Break Staycationers!
We have a special just for you.
If you book online for a ManiPedi for Wed, Thurs or Fri of this week,
Finally made it to Hattiesburg, MS!
You do the arithmetic,we'll do the language arts.
Ya'll stand against the wall blind folded, we throw the darts ...
are you an Outkast?
it could be 'I whip my hair back and forth!
One person's craziness is another person's reality.
if u nd ur gf got sumthn to say about my sis ' dnt put it on twitter say it to her face !!!
POINT BLANK PERIOD.
b/c my teacher gave me a C .
Lmao I sound crazy but forreal I worked hard this quarter .
Ah been a weird week.
It's had its ups and its downs.
If we put pictures of lost kids on beer cans instead of milk cartons, we'd find them in about 15 minutes
that's right!
: I'm lookin for a yella bone long hair star...me to lol jk jk
Seats in collegiate seminar rooms: still uncomfortable after all these years.
blacktan
I traded in a bunch of Xbox games I don't use to Gamestop and was able to get a Whopping 67 on my Gamestop card.
OFFICIAL OWNER OF THE PONY THUNDER FROM DOWN UNDER thanks mom, dad, and dan for the birthday present!
love you guys :
A photo of Minneapolis mayor R.T.
Rybak crowdsurfing at a Trampled by Turtles show is evidence that the band is officially over.
thanks for the FF !
Totally stumped by a word in doctorw something zacefron I stared at it for 2 mins before I googled and figured out it was Zac Efron
Some more good things about almondslower cholesterol,lower risk for heart attacks and cancer and give 46 of daily requirement for fiber.
there is nothing some Harry Potter can't fix!
hahaha...
that there's tour life ingenuity!
What CAN'T be fixed with a little gaff tape really?
I need a laptop so I can work outside in the lovely weather!!
Found the notes for my Business Ethics class that happened to contain what would be on the final!
Help a WI startup out w/chance to win 2500 funding RT : The vote is on for please txt CODE: C107 to number 22333
To be good at getting in trouble, u got to be better at getting out of it.
Don't try this at home, errybody aint able...Be encouraged
itsCrazyHow one song can change your day
wow, the free class yesterday was awesome.
thanks so much to all of you new students who came out to play with us!
we had so much fun!!!
bettylou loves u.
Very interesting!
Thanks for sharing!
I placed myself at that top, although I tend to wobble..
im still here!
I LOVE when inspiration strikes.
Just finished making four button magnets, three hair accessories, and six rings!
Went to get my shot without my mum.!: proud.!
Thank Gd for  we think she's going to singit and bringit tonight!
Come to to watch and vote!
Homemade wraps never go as planned...
Involve Managers to make a post daily!
Love it!
Ideas/needs brainstorm: Taxonomy session, outreach to info professorssionals, content strategy session, panels and skillshares.
well, it was the landmark, so the occasion was rare, but worth it
Since I left home I gained 3 battery life.
What does Africa Reclaiming Africa mean to you?
We feeling like the Giants taking the SB again
And perhaps it's not about content at all but seeks to make learners' integrative, meaningmaking processes visible.
ALL TEENS!!
TONIGHT IT GOES DOWN AT CLUB FUEGO FOR THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN S.A!!!
LINE STARTS AT 6PM, DOORS OPEN AT 7PM!!
RT : Rt : RT if you remember winding a tape cassette with the cap of your pen.
flashback
Change your routine, change your body.
Mark has noticed that in order to see more results, he needs to change his...
sounds like some 1 had 1 of those GOOD FUKKED UP NIGHTs
thanks for the follow.
The team will see you again in November for the beginning of the MISL season.
About to check out some more Local HipHop in Seattle.....
looks amazing..
The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you  Elbert Hubbard!.
RT : RT : Q3 How should brands prioritize Twitter compared to other social platforms?
I always thought of Rupaul as a superfierce freedom fighter.
They were birthed in the same cauldoctorn?
If I can get the current script I'm working up to snuff I will definately try the Nicholl...
Go, Maryland!
I dont like being cold wen im high
earl needs to go to sleep lol
Whoa I Love Elite Model Management New York new exhibit of supermodel comp cards from the '80's!
Have you seen it?
Happy Birthday to my man ...
SHE LYIN.
was not in any her I classes.
can't wait to see how much work you put in on that flight.
See you in NY
Yes!
but my ipods dead,:
: Will you be able to spend time with family and friends later?
tomyunbornchild Hay, how's it going up there?
This girl told me she can see my pussy and nipples, df she looking hard af
Efficiency is doing things right.
Effectiveness is doing the right thing.
Zig Ziglar
If only you saw what i can see, you'd understand why i want you so desparately
It has been all the hits of the 70s, 80s, and today stuck in my head this week.
nowplaying Careless Whisper by George Michael
So that's ur opinion
u watching standard def and the're in high def?
Let me know if you will be back in CA in early Feb.
or shall we try to meet in NYC beforehand!
I very seldom end up where I wanted to go, but almost always end up where I need to be.
Yo, when are you visiting the ATX?
If Jesus came back to Earth I think hed be into the Scissor Sisters.
Forecast for Today: Low clouds and fog in the morning then partly cloudy.
Highs 63 to 68 near the coast to 69 to 74...
Ignorant as fuck but I swear I won't change up
Finally done with last fantasy BB doctorft.
I stopped posting fantasy advice  didn't want to tip my hand LOL.
Answering fantasy questions now.
I want to sleep
follow following u follow?
Also note: I wasn't necessarily going for the most rare records or anything, just was fun trying to figure out how to put it all together.
Thank you for following!
Have a great week!!
Any updates on a new basketball arena?
texting you now sweetness
solid thus far.
different.
I dig.
wow just wow ha
Stay up RT : I really can't keep my eyes open much longer
Awh you rule!!!
thank you so much!:
It is raining hard in Boston...
Hey  When Ackley comes up, what corresponding move do you see happening?
I have been saying AWAKE belongs on cable.
It would be a great leadin for SOUTHLAND.
Let's make THAT happen!
: working smart not hard!!!
imajew funny I'm Cuban and I was raised with that phrase too, I must be jewban!
I find myself oddly  genuinely excited for the final section of my EMT training: Trauma.
Looking forward to class tonight.
Tylenol foe breakfast...
they say everything happens for a reason  people change like the season, then grow apart.
Hey Wou, Everyone says my music sounds like Cudi's instrumentals mixed with Ratatat.
If you have time I would love a listen!!
Con
So, the CIF State champs will be either Mater Dei or De La Salle.
Can Poly alums just secede now?
hahaha you're such a goof..
Love it hope you had a wonderful dinner with your friends!
lol  B releasing handwritten letters to EVERYONE RT : New on Vixen  Beyonc Pens Mothers Day Message to Tina Knowles...
RT Does anyone read Alternative Press Magazine or are you interested to read it?
just wondering.
Look smart in a Project Vote Smart TeeShirt.
Tell us why/how you votesmart for a chance to win one.
your website looks great Joe  congrats!
I thought that was a weirs candy dish LOL Jk
Dispell: Veterans are not ticking time bombs.
They just did.
Dale brought that from Milwaukee  : Cubs defensive positioning has been outstanding all season SilverLinings
Follow her she follows bak!
Happy birthday!!
I'm a clapper, I know like front hand clap, backhand clap, golf clap and the loud clap
Just walked into my new home, time to unpack and settle in :
u can follow my dig on twitter
this site is budget!
both of those girls have blackberries.
they must work in finance.
Canadian finance?
lmao as long as I go out with a bang
Hello follow me!!!!
Quit tryna be somebody, be yourself.
Wow, just saw the 3.5 min Cartier commercial during CBS Sunday Morning broadcast, beautifully done but what was the goal?
Sweet!
I will!
Frank Sinatra plays on tonight.
Im in the right place New York New York
Turn all the lights off  pull the shades down, unplug the telephone.
Don't answer the doorbell, no interruptions, lets spend tonight alone.
dude that's why you buy bow ties that are already done and just need to be clipped on by a little hook!
If they want to see it let it ride.
Hope you're ok, thanks for the care package.
Got your signature deck in the press next week.
My TL just got live!
Happy Hump Day!
Ladies if u want to guy tell them you want your cake and pie at the same damn time at the same damn time!
Statingthefacts!
about to present on agile methods  nashdoctorpal
My hyperness is contagious
I want a warm piece of cake.
I don't want to make a whole cake.
Who sells hot cake?
Or must I microwave?
Happy Hump Day!
Thanks for the follow
It's been a long week, folks.
FF with Saturday.
PSP is near extinction and piracy has done a number on the PSP and the ability of any company to make a professort on games.
Need to find a new job.
Asap
School Finance and School Law were my 2 favorite grad courses!
I always cry watching Extreme Makeover: Home Edition.
BREAKING: checking reports of a body found along SW Naito Parkway near the Steel Bridge
Well played, Lane.
Well played.
that is cute!
Happy to be back in Carmel!
Spending the day tomorrow going through a new collection in the archives.
Who are the best coffee PPL in MD that can provide a fully automated machine?
Wild punches don't win fights
i wud agree with that, this is a big game for the patriots RT : the patriots needed the most i think
.Starbucks, do you hear this?
RT : OMG...you do NEED those coupons :P RT : I'm doctornking instant Folgers
I shouldv'e said the 2 magical words It's over along time ago..
That's cats for you.
Gerald is on his way to the Wineries Unlimited Trade Show, Discounts on ALL floor displays so bring your truck!
Tell him Cathy sent you!
Andoctorid perhaps?
Week of torn ACLs i guess
So Tweet me maybe
please provide your gamertag, then we will see who contributes more
We are ALMOST ready to launch our new website.
The look is the same.
The blog is the key ingredient.
Blog posts and new information focus!
Ew at all the ghetto douches who keep checking me out.
Ron Paul calls Santorum overlysensitive!
Ron Burgundy announced their will be an Anchor Man 2!
amen
I sleep all day and party all night.
Last night them westsiders couldn't help but be swagged on :
Get over to The doctorke!
We're starting the night off with Patron!
1902 Washington Ave, 77007.
not last weekend
you big baby :
There r only 2 ways u can enjoy hearing some1 say baby this much  the poker table...
And Im not listenin 2 Justin Bieber
I think I'm going to have to use that one, too.
Brilliant.
why do you have to delete your twitter, specifically?
hope all ok
Alisha asked me why I gave her a dirty look/told her to leave me alone in 1st period.
ha ider that..
i'm a straight up bitch in the morning.
Talent is the only competitive advantage that cant be bought or copied.
ONE people follow me please..
Go3xx Just 1 people..
Swag im checking..
:
At work...
Let's see what excitement the night brings..
Who knew pineapple and chocolate tasted so good together 
Working on a portrait commission and trying to figure out what I want to show at DCAC's Wall Mountables Exhibit this year...
Not in the last week  ask again in a few months ;
What is the hardest workout you have ever done?
RT : Kiyoshi Kuromiya, queer activist born in Japanese confinement camp, also inv.
in black freedom struggle
Oh, you've been single?
Let me change that!
RT It would be amazing 2 meet LetsMove can help Hispanic families  inspiring others
The Internet is all about connecting people.
Match.com when you need a date, Ancestry.com when you need a loan
Just received a call that the government is going to give me 8,000 FREE!
And I never have to pay it back.....Rigggghhhhttttt.
Have an idea and could use your wizardoctor help.
May be easier to explain in person/ on phone.
RT : How many won a fantasy title bc of Packers qb Matt Flynn?
More Libraries linking Reference Universe to EBSCO's Discovery Service
Coffee Happy Hour til 5pm!
Double espressos for 1
I'm team PhiPhiOhara doctorgrace PhiPhiOhara for the next doctorg superstar
How dare you save my wife?!?
Occupy Boston: More Than 100 Protesters Popped By Police Summary: Just last night, more than 100 protesters from the O
UFC fight with my dad tonight!
:
armchair scientists
wow wow smoothie!
Your pics are incredible :
Anyone else interested in one of the largest pillow fights ever?
I'm in Lex tonight
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE :D 
that my mom and dad were actually named mom and dad..
Anyone having probs w/unexplained bursts of high data usage on ATT iPhone?
Happens to me even when I think I'm on WiFi.
Beasting on the riesling at the hotel bar...
strangely enough, it is not making me feel like a badass.
Enforcing screen time limits all spring break  my creative ideas winding down now he is making garlic bread for our dinner and outside!
Another Wave goal, scored by Jonathan Greenfield, assisted by Terminesi.
It's 112 with 6:12 left.
the crooked E is Dell.
TIO and RT  FREE CARL LEE !!
FREE CARL LEE !!
FREE CARL LEE !!
FREE CARL LEE !!
CAMPAIGN in the USA.
RT : A4.
See your job as owning your own biz and your employer is your most important client.
Then ask how can you help.
Very interesting.
Jailed US Contractor Alan Gross used his one phonecall a week from Cuba to call Andoctora Mitchell to plead for help.
thanks for the follow
Jake T.
Austin
yeah it should cause
A raise, 5 more weeks of vacation, 4day weeks, a puppy, maybe even a window that opens ;
What cities do you want to see us tour this summer?
I've said a few times Even if I played blackjack high I'd still play well.
While I'm going to test the theory, it has me wonering...
Taco Tuesday
learned about coffee watch from that is pretty slick
people who tweet a bunch of random shit just so they have a lot of tweets
Hahaha.
Paul would pee his pants scary?
I'll often people on conf.
backchannels so that fewer of my tweets show up in my nonconf.
followers' feeds.
: HR 2366, Rep.
Barton's Online Poker Act, for deficit and personal liberty.
Please support!
I am going to film tomarrow!
I finally got my laptop fixed and picked up from the
You're thinking: I know, I'll fix this with an XML configuration file!
Now you have two problems.
Ministers are so wonderful.
Celebrated the Eucharist with Dad and his three daughters at the hospital.
Feeling thankful.
Winning OT !
Slapping would have been too kind...lmao i sound like such a bitch sorry XD
: When people stare at my boot :  Have you never seen a broken foot before?
Sorry It's just too cutee
Yes, you CAN get rewarded for doctornking beer.
Snag the app and checkin this at our place to score rewards!
Sounds like we could all use a few doctornks.
I have to go!
I'll txt you later!
Bye!
:
Thanks!
The interface was super easy and fun to use.
The hard part was getting the data from our CRM.
Lots of steps.
Who's going to spring training?
Wicked migraine
Rondo, Rondo, Rondo.....triple, double...
Thanks to all the men and women who currently serve or have served and their families for making the sacrifices it takes to do what you do!
Design an extraordinary life yourlife as a life full of possibility.
Gain a new level of power and effectiveness in what you care about
nope not yet, but I'd be happy to take a look
oomf is the most random non random person ever....
That's great, healing fast!
8GB is not enough space for my music
Glorious labor.
Yes.
Idk why you sent me that link.
he's signed to a shitty label.
yes.
LASERS saved my life.
Damn it the 26 inch EVO monitor with component I ordered from Amazon was a listing error.
Bastards.
is gina is here?
Great to meet you and the crew !
luv the new digs, can't wait to get blogging using  cheers.
that's fantastic, I'm planning on a big trip saturday to the market!
See you there.
have her call ftd  she might get free flowers.
My mom's done that 2x with 1800flowers when bouquets arrived wilted.
I just put a letter for you in the mail!!!
Holy crap!
Just found the amazingness that is the reminders on 4s.
I can now to lose my memory!
Thanks, Siri.
PeopleThatAngerMe Haters RT if you cant stand haters !!
: snow levels doctorpped to 7000 ft.
overnight.
snowing hard over Donner summit.
big snow on the way tonight!
hm tempting.
Wondering what life is like in Green Bay?
Everything I've ever done, everything I ever do, every place I've ever been, everywhere I'm going to...
It's a sin.
I aint dumb!
i'm loving smyly right now.
this kid is destroying the yanks.
The nice firemem and firewomen tell me no one was hurt.
I'm moving this weekend.
Must be a sign
Mitt?
No Rick.
Mitt?
No Rick.
Mitt?
No Rick.
Mitt?
No Rick.
Mitt?
No Rick.
Mitt?
No Rick.
Rick?
Newt who?
You forgot to mention re: mobile payments.
They are the best IMHO.
cc
The storm is headed our way too.
Time to charge up and turn off my electronics!
Stay safe.
Thanks!
I've heard that more than once :
obviiii!
Wednesday was great!!
: let me know when you're coming back!
Congratulations to Team USA...a magnificent victory!!
We scare because we care :
Are you JustReading anything this week?
This weekend will get her PhD and astronomers predict a Supermoon.
The Maya were so close on this one!
They got the year right
lmfao yeah possibly.
so weird.
actually, pretty sure that I DO...the numbers donT lie abt who is not watchG Girls: Michelle Obama, most decent ppl!
can't wait see you!
It's been too long!
I think the little sanity I retain can be properly attributed to , , , and I think.
RETWEET: if you hate WHINEY ASS people!!!!
Need Promo Models Huntsville Columbus Augusta Centerville Valdosta Message me for Info
yoo hoe !
did u already forget bout me ?
Hanging out till work.....catching up on BB13 doing some laundoctor...yay
Angelina's step brother is home tonight yelling at the TV I hit that
Of course, I do the same thing.
I always think Man!
I'm glad I'm already sitting in the dark in silence!
please tell me I didn't just text some random person
Blind faith is an ironic gift to return to the Creator of human intelligence
djdjdjdev we gotta get 3tards out to Denver!
Something with .pho.to in the URL...wrote it down I think or saved it...
I'm not so easily impressed but they love it.
i swear if i could remember all my punchlines when im freestyling ill be the coldest rapper.TRUTH!!!!
So he's only 2 years and 363 days older then me.
I think.:
Ook good night
that in Croatia?
Hey, there is nothing bad abt getting an escort to ur car.
Takes more guts than walking alone.
FYI!!!
Karaoke in Bellevue is Cancled Tomorrow the 9th due to a private party!
Sorry for the inconvienence!
: I will not go back to the days when health insurance companies had unchecked power to cancel your policy.
respect
: I love it!
You are so talented.
much appreciated!
I'll keep pushin out the work
Rough night in multiple ways.
Trying to gear up to be Sunshine, Light, and Love.
I'm sorry...
I don't associate with people from Michigan.
boo Lakers!
go Spurs!
wait, jadakiss has hair?!?!?!?
Perfect weather to skateboard word up
BREAKINGNEWS  A press conference about the Woodburn H.S.
fire will be held at 11:45.
We will be covering it live.
speaking in support of
Jill it's so f'in scary.
It has weapons : I impressed my self this time.
Follow my company
Thanks...cool photo Nick!
We have Empanadas for lunch today!
Chicken or Cheese!
Served with a side salad topped with our special Tico doctorssing!
i never imagine my day to be like this
fucking rocked it thank you so much
AAAHHH!!!!
IM COOL WIT MY SIXTY SIX FOLLOWERS, HAD THE NERVE RO TALK BOUT SOMEBODY ION BE ON HERE DAT MUCH ANYWAY CUZ IM LAIDBACK IN DA CUT
I think those cuse uniforms make them look like robots.
I like watching robots play basketball against humans.
Omg , Ben At Ths Freaking Hospital For Two Hours Now And Im Ready To Go Home !
praying also for Moore and Locust Grove peeps  keep us posted Be safe!!!
Exactly.
MT : heard alot about firing daryl.
this isn't his fault.
hard to do your job when your hands are tied by your boss
On a large scale, yes, it's enormously complex.
But kids don't need to see it in big texts to get it.
It helps to start small.
True.
I see this in somebody whos close to me.
Once in awhile I catch that look in his eyes of what his life could have been.
He listens to jazz 3
oh believe me , im coming this weekend lol
Tomorrow There's A Bulling/Sex Assembly.....
I'm not comfortable with the sex part Oo
Chris Hansen is a cockblock
Day 2 begins.
Very stoopid...no intelligence..in no FUNKK..attitude is everything...
Peace!
nothing good happened today beside's seeing my girls!
Yall, seriously, if someone DM's you with a link  says look at what they're saying about you on the internets don't click it
Take that, Brett!
Dude so like flyhighgeorge !!
Thanks, Nikka, for sharing our project!
:
I think it means I love you so much
ha!
and now i even have pigtails...it's warm in here!
WhoAmI?
BABABAD as i wanna be, yuh aint bad yuhs uh sad lil wannabe
: I'm setting my goals higher !
I'm reaching for the stars !
thanks for the FF : 
Make the weekend extra special with a trip to San Su!
Dying at 48, shew way too young!
RIP whitney Houston
RT RT This in the next hour for a chance to win 2 WIStateFair Tix!!
Full weekend of auditions....
Let's get this party started!!!
Jazz Brunch at Oro today !
12pm.
Free all day for kids.
Are u ready?
We have fun questions and amazing prizes from !
Please don't see me.
Please don't see me.
Please don't see me.
hey!
Crap.
Southwest flight attendant: Please turn off all wireless devices.
Do not put them in airplane mode or hide from the flight attendant mode.
will be in San Fransisco tomorrow working with doctor Nunley.
Will be presenting our Galvanic machine  our BioPhotonic Scanner.
An economist is an expert who'll know tomorrow why the things he estimated yesterday did not occur today.
its hard to fall asleep when you have wiz khalifa stuck in your head..
:/
Who says you can't pursue your doctorams simultaneously?
This week, won an art contest  signed on as contributing blogger 4 fashion/politics.
Which one of the three times Syracuse beat UConn are you referring to?
change the question from what have you done lately to what have you done from the beginning and everything changes.
Yes I'm watching The Borrowers and yes I'm fucking pumped about it !!!
I should expect this by now
Its int.
kissing day?!?
HEY come 2 Ky 4 the day!
love y'all!
Rags: You wanna an apple?
Me: Oh man, yea.
I didn't think there was any fruit.
blank stare Rags: C'mon Daye.You're on set Me: oh, to sit.
yes.
I felt sorry 4 the doctorver
fav colors, the whole palette intrigues me, but I like putting colors together avoid using same colors over and over.
lol oh yes.
The oh shiny factor.
How could I be so dense
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage.
how can I get invite for Coronado event?
RT : : When One Teaches, Two Learn Quote Life Wisdom Leadership Human via Yes!
Kicking off association event at beautiful ritzcarlton in dc to talk revenue strategies for 2012.
sponsored
bwaha!
Ok then.
Did you work today?
What's up with your life right now?
We should move this to a text...
Im not cocky!
I just know i'm pretty!
and im worth more than what these dudes are tryna give me!
Hello Sunshine
Oh yeah.
Today's Cinco de Mayo.
What a great week for Jason Dufner.
Wins his first PGA Tour event and is getting married next Saturday.
We are officially 26 days away from the  I can't wait!
lol never.
Were just pissing him off like this.
bro you can fuking fight !
You went ninja on that kid !
;D that was beast !
;
PS, thank you.
Starting to level out a little bit!
finally ;
what are you doing this weekend?
party time?
I dunno, couldn't think of a username so I just rearranged my name haha.
I finally added google talk to my digsby so I'll be on more
hey!
thanks for the follow.....m/
The first 3 people to LIKE our FB page will get an embroidered Piccolo Chef apron for your kids to enjoy in the kitchen !...
What's up with the Bud Light?
I assume that's just for the beer bongs?
oh shit i just now saw this
You Scared To, Take It To The Head
Film shoot, audition, then a show, busy day today!
ill be over at 1:15 okay?
euro2012 all setup!
poland flights, accomodation for poznan, gdansk and tickets to all of group games.
ecstatic.
up the rep!
Bro your knicks are as lame as your jokes RT : I bet facebook is poppin off with Spurs fans they just signed up
The Pittsburgh Power are in first place with a 64 record!
i don't see any other team in the city in first place!
Go support the power!
The first one of the season is always the best.
Must be a Wisconsin thing : Enjoy!
BET has Whitney Houston service on
rvagptw Language Matters to be a Great Place to Work!
At Marriott not backofthehouse but heartofthehouse
Never type while doctornking.
it could result in false words you dont mean.
VERY DEADLY
I think its cute how she says im rhe next
97 of online young adults  75 of those 65 use social media monthly according to
I deliberately don't follow Jose canseco yet everyone rt's the idiot into my timeline.
Don't you just love having to wear jeans in 97 degree heat?
: oh choir the things you do to me...
Feels like summer out.......
check out what's trending in Seattle right now.
There is massive support for this stadium deal wethinks

i got 55 and i did them all but i just didnt give them all in.
Love them Duke boys!
you know you can go to any autoparts store and use their hand held machines to see why your check engine light is on, right?
Yeah, I'm sure there is lots more we could be doing to make Voyager a pleasant cataloging experience.
:
Dear nose piercing.
You're not fun when I'm sick.
Love, I Have To Sneeze Dammit.
watched some of ur high school highlights today..
you can GET UP!
cant wait for ur future
RT The 119 million paid for Munch's Scream, would run for 39 years.
Head out to BRINK ORLANDO tomorrow where i will be spinning beats!
OPEN BAR 1112!!Hope to see you all out there!...
i refuse to believe that!
never alone but Im in the shadows I doctoram things I dont want you to know
We're 139 documents away from shipping our four millionth file!
Stay tuned.
Why wouldn't we Bring Ringer Back
Wait, what?!
Get Some Rest..
y tf did this person jus follow me ????
I have been trying to get you to follow me for what seems like FOREVER!
50k and a modeling contract at stake check out THE EROTIC .com
Thanks, I still feel like I'm trying to learn everything lol.
vote for jennette mccurdy that nick's.com/kca
I'm 99 sure Ian Stewart is using one of my pics as his new avi on twitter :
Pressing B while you're Pokemon evolves
No, sadly.
Let me know how they turned out, though!
I'm excited for you.
All about !!!
Really love you Austin : hope you follow me back ;
Love it!
RT : Hey Andoctorid users, what's it like having Instagram now on your phone?
Ugh.
That's what Zimmerman alleges.
Thousands of songs to choose from.
Karaoke at its finest.
Be on your way here.
iLounge 1287 D Glenwood Ave Atlanta
...
Without Niall, we would not have One direction.
Bitches better lay off Niall.
I am starting to get pissed cause they....
I'll take these follow back and DM your paypal
Cummings: Data Act builds on rigorous reporting req'd for Stimulus Act  Obama Exec Order creating Govt Accountability  Transparency Board
Rashad gonna lay n pray the shit outta dude.
I hate bones
Fish Fry and the Brew Crew?
Talk about a Good Friday!
Nothing good comes without sacrifice...nothing bad comes without consequence.
damn!
I missed it...off to youtube to find it....
A friend of mine said: Gaga's pussy smells like a shit.
And I answered: Wow, did you smell Gaga's pussy?
You lucky girl ;
fireworks???
LOL My brother already had that idea!
flyers sucked tonight , hopefully can come out friday and end it.
What's your favorite beer?
An open on!
So how do you when you're done?
There's no more beer left..
hahaha Jeff Dunham
All that bullshit is for the birds....only person I trust in this world is the man upstairs and myself...fuck the rest...no time for BS...
the same thing happened to me today!
May I ask who it was?
I speak my mind 2 it may be the same person!
hahaha
with sprite
...and thanks right back atcha!
There's just justice in the world the new York knicks won a playoff game and spike did you check that outfit out
what about the art of homosexuality in New York city it needs assistance bad
haha don't mention it!
:
Of course!
Thanks for stopping by!
Pat Caddell FOX points out  If the participation in the workplace today was the same as when nobama took office, unemployment would be 11.
This will be good!!
RT : Are you going to ?
check out my Designing Mobile Apps for Behaviour Change workshop
dont worry we gonna rich steezy
so tired.
ill get back to this thing soon.
I'm already packed!
Thanks for the video, btw.
I'll take a closer look and maybe throw it on the site.
I'm a Colts fan..pal ;
some family lives on W Eastwood , and then others live on Grand Ave in chicago..
chi has the best street names..
Commitment is never an act of moderation.
Kenneth G.
Mills
If today wasn't my Friday it's quite possible that I would go crazy.
20 ElkRiver hockey players interviewed as part of investigation against HS coach.
RT : Wade  Bron are the two best teammates!
Durant  Westbrook are runners up!
damn bailey's got a nice bodaaaay
Agreed!
She is making the show unbearable!
: Who else wonders why they even incorporated Nellie into ?
I'm so very sorry.
RT : If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
I'm familiar with that, yes.
which one?
Pancakes?
RT : The Mavs discussed how active Hickson has been.
What do you think the Blazers breakfast table discussion was?
Thanks for helping get the word out.
:
get back to work...
We all have that one friend who's dad scares the shit out of you :x
Me neither!!
I would love to have it before they come to the DMV area for their show!!!
Hint, hint...
:
I think Sagget is slimy.
Not funny.
His stand up is AWFUL.
Bet you not going to tell your boys about that one are you?
God Help me
RT : We are rebranding!
Please follow our new twitter handle, We appreciate RT support.
wuddup brotha?!?
I been working and snowboarding man.
Hardly ever get on here anymore.
Hows training going?
test test test learning how to tweet
RT Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools.
Napoleon Bonaparte
Go to iTunes or Walmart and buy album Tabloid Truth if you don't ur missing out on HOT MUSIC!!!!
Get there
I'm waiting to have my legs waxed for the 1st time  I'm scared
New extension Densify Arc for ArcMap from Kubilay has been approved.
You may download from GIS Extensions Market Portal
Congratulations!
I look forward to hearing you speak :
For those of you that share my love of froyo, get your fix for FREE Friday 48 at the new Yogurt Shack in Tualatin 19245 SW Martinazzi Ave
love this tweet.
Lmao
or voting
catch a surprise??
Did you know it's CMU alumnus night at the game tonight?!
Sec.
111.
Bring the THUNDER!
Have been wondering all year what ABD stands for, and have finally come across the answer twice in the past two days.
Neither via the U.
We wanna say a big WELCOME to DC this week!
Women might be able to fake orgasms.
But men can fake a whole relationship.
Yessir we did.
It was nice to meet you as well.
Great class.
Hope to see ya again soon.
Washington Huskies not getting in is a major disappointment.
they will easily make it.
Thanks to Pardhu baava!!
I agree!
Sure am!
Great performances so far...
I got an LOL from my professorssor on the Blackboard forums.
It is amazing the way you can overanalyze such things.
Follow , one of editors, who is reporting from VATech Press Conference
MB look good..
Morning Gourmet Asian dish hope you have productive fortune cookie filled day
Tyler and I will be there sat and sun :
I really can't afford to lose anymore weight.
I've never been this tiny before...
I like someone and I just feel like giving up on him cause he don't even like me......well idk that for sure but yeah
Don't miss the final two 'Septime Webre's The Nutcracker' shows at at 11AM and 3:30PM today!
:
EVERYONE please follow my friend she will follow back, I promise.
pleasee?
RT:ARRESTS happening now.
Our city does not stand up for our right to free speech.
occupycincy ows
RT if you love Justin Bieber more than Selena.
Another one bites the dust.
sheISthebest if her name is christi.
;
lol my moms used to it..she talks about it too
you got me nigga...
I thought you were my boy
Remember, Ginger Rogers did everything Fred Astaire did, but backwards and in high heels.
Faith Whittlesey
that'd be rad!
we love you!
Congrats to the winners of the flier contest in San Diego!!!
Free passes to the show and some free goodies, not bad.
So damn true!
RT Appreciate what you HAVE before it becomes what you HAD.
I gotta show I need a hype man to help
Ooh snap...so we should b haven a baby within these next 2weeks right??
On behalf of the Harriet Fulbright College, we would like to wish HFCs teachers,students and friends of HFC a joyous Thanksgiving.
is the most inspiring person!
Literally a role model, my father figure!
SK Movement!!!
fuck yes I bounce my ass ;
This sandwich 
having the best meet i've had in a really long time!
so excited that all the hard work is finally starting to pay off!
:
School school school And today Monday .
i enjoy reading your political opinions haha
Yes how are you doing?
Right now it is snowing out and very icy.
I hate cold weather
OMG Andoctor is playing out of his mind...so fun to watch
So just logged in and had 50 new followers not really sure how but thanks guys:D...
I'll rephrase.
B, due to the fact that the E2 mechanism requires an antiperiplanar betaH
Yea, if he ever wakes up from any of HIS
that Corporate Communism is destroying this country, but you keep buying crap from Walmart destroying small businsses/your local economy.
That iam on joint with lupe,big boi,wale, wiz,n trea the truth is cold they all killed it
pisses me off when dogs won't even sit down for a picture, ugh!.
Thanks, we are happy to help!
RT Thank you for the carry out that filled the hole in my soul this eve.
I don't see why they didn't cast Justin Hartley as the Green Arrow next season, but it's nice they're bringing Kristen Kruek back to the CW.
UC Berkeley does, but I'm looking for a community thing.
maybe I can recruit, though.
You need a plan to build a house.
To build a life, it is even more important to have a plan or goal.
ImagineMB You're sick and have sweats on and you hair is messy prod:Your BEAUTIFUL!
U:bu prod:what did I say!
;
Madison Pharmacy Associates  eating soybeans, soy nuts, soymilk, or tofu can help protect against bone loss.
Big fire in elderly apts at Center and Cathedoctorl.
Whole pane of glass blew out and smashed on car.
One guy down hit with glass.
Rained on us
take action, quit honing the business plan and get out there
yes confirming next thurs  2p.
Our email went down fri  they are working on it
I assume creating a Google Calendar invite, reoccurring yrly, for your birthday and only inviting one person is passive aggressive, no?
sending creative vibes your way for tomorrow...
finishing up a week of vacation  I've always been a night owl.
thanks anyway : u're the best..
RT : aww happy happy birthday!
Have a great day :D
I don't think so moosh mommy
At Christmas  Mom's day: Give a gift she won't have to dust or feed.
Call to purchase a Gift Cert.
now my fav
HE IS A Wonder!
You Were Created In His Image And After His Likeness...I Guess That Makes You A Wonder Too!
I'm still shocked to have learned years ago the original Hamtaro is 296 episodes.
so i was asked my one of the men that i talk to about dating what woman really want so i came up with a list
Can't believe it's the last full week of school.
I know that i say this every year, but this is the worst new years EVER
yup, and yup lol were you looking for extra income or something?
Aw, thanks, Shaun!
Did you all have fun in Chicago?
Feeling important makes one heavy, clumsy and vain.
To be a warrior one needs to be light and fluid.
Carlos Castaneda
the amazing , the song is called Get Right.
Only redeeming thing?....How many pay per views have you seen?
Thanks for the reassurance.
bcn09seodesign session in the Karma room is packed!
RT: Cardinals HC Ken Whisenhunt Acquiring Peyton Manning is no longer an option for us.
PeytonWatch
you were a phils fan?
Did you stop??
Im not trying to hate, i have a REAL question for you, doesn't it suck knowing you can't sing good without autotune?
top three biggest sport stories of 2011.
1 Penn State 2 NFL lockout 3 Tebow Take care Brickster!
Yu welcome..
I'm da one who shoulda been sleep..
got a interview and work todayy..
at 2 an at 3
Black is the color of all cancers anyway.
We need a cure not a color.
...inside every old person is a young person wondering what happened.
Terry Pratchett
doctorss for the day: White shorts and out new orange and white polos!
Golf pro who likes West Side Story?
My kinda guy.
New follower!
Today in 1960, April 13  the first U.S.
navigational satellite was placed in a northsouth polar orbit
Thanks man!
Im pumped about ur signing in Nashville!
Are we allowed to get pictures with u!!
:
Can Thursday be over?!
Running a mile then softball practice.
Good times fellas!
: Catching up with and in Naples
: thanks for keeping me safe in your arms  You're mad at me 4 the Bachelorette but you put this mush on Twitter?
Rock your weekend!
: 
NO!
But I am officially amazed and happy that someone already addoctorssed this idea!
My Body Tired As Hell!!
Road trip on Friday!
Woo!
I'd lie and say that your not on my mind
welcome my friend
I'm saying believe in magic you Muggle!
Howard
Rick Perry seems to have a Medieval agenda; keep women down, keep people dumb and pray to invisible sources for unlikely answers.
take away the stigma and ensure that getting psychological help won't end your career
love it
: says it is more than he presented to I'm at JCMOSoMe class right now, very informative
Any video of that?
looks to be right up our alley!
pm me with your email
Mention of THE RAVEN movie curdles my soul.
How did two men I loveJohn Cusack  Edgar Allan Poecome together in such a marriage of suck?
excited to be accepted to the American Humor Studies Association panel at
Congrats, you beat the 17th place team at home with a man advantage.
Would you like a trophy?
your grilled vegetables list is incomplete without onions!
Building form to captainre input, validate data, then off to save results to database for new feature.
Welcome Myrtle Beach appointmentlink.com
Plenty of skills and jobs postings going up nationwide.
Thanks for the
Holiday playing the role of Teague.
W/ Bradley out of the lineup, can Rondo slow him up?
OMG.
A Bean ottoman???
I might need a photo.
lol
Lol I'm seriously trying to find me a girl to kick it with this summer.
Imma have a car, prob not a job though lol.
What a fine morning it is.
To go back to bed.
I love the Cars movies so much.
Good point.
I will strive to ask better questions.
Decided to end the week watching Star Trek!
Damn Abrams and his lens flares!!
finally in Idaho!
Already missing .
: but on the plus side I'm not sitting on a plane and I can finally feel my butt!
Aha Fuuuuuckkkk Sounds Like Someone Got Lifte Aha.
I need to go to the bank tomorrow.
bro i like ur background is so cute
Shit.
I painted my nails on one hand and now i dont wanna do the other hand .
Looking forward to seeing you!
I'm psyched!
juliaroy, who I consider a twitter bigshot is following me.
Thanks Julia.
So many black lights in one room...
should have designed that in Atlanta, right?
It goes with the standards...
Today I'm feeling absolutely lazy.
I may pay for this later this week, but I just don't want to work.
:/
Wow, didn't expect that, Don.
Chandler Harnish shouldn't be worried.
Tom Brady was mister Irrelevant too!
Keep your chin up, kid.
:D
Screw it the wife wins!
right now, i have little/no hope, so i guess im resigned to loving a loser.
Sweet!!
Because all I do is read my tweets from my phone on stage!!
i wanna date him
Yes I can, I'm taller than you!
:D
well obviously or we'd all be stuck in never ending relentless conversations consisting of mostly boring ass people.
Tom Morello says hillman2012 crowd clapped rhythmically and in time.
Against all odds and predictions at
who you calling chica, my african 438wuctrvtoweuSuuA
Epic fail...
Tripped and fell on my butt trying to get out of a booth ...
Oh gosh.
Lord, please help me.
: haha
I need more followers.../: anyone wanna gimme a shoutout?:
Ambassador Susan E.
Rice, U.S.
Permanent Representative to the UN, will be the speaker for Ohio State Universitys spring commencement.
Working on a great new job opportunity with a commercial construction company.
It should be a great opportunity for the right candidate.
It would be great if you wrote about the event  feel free to ask us any questions you might have!
:
I still say Bulls weak az hell even wit D.Ross
He said I am 1 Cause 2 is not a winner  3 nobody remembers :
You should try the Twist Aid.
Unreal new product for opening bottles.
Orangina would be easy.
Ask: what will you do differently once I give you that data?
Educate or stop.
Our favorite lion dance troope has retired.
Any suggestions?
ilovealltimelowbecause I've met amazing people through them.
People who share their umbrella with strangers on a rainy day d:
RT : FLX REDC just like one big frat, says co chair Danny Wegman.
things are changing in academic publishing.
We're working tirelessly to allow anyone to manage and publish their own journals
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 7
Back on the right track with him .
I can never stop lovin my charm man 
Gotcha...
I'll catch you at one of these games...
Wow ok i didn't follow anymore ppl so what the hell??!?
hopefully i also find a way to weasel my way into the music business, emphasis on the business.
I say fuck bitches then I fuck bitches and after I fuck bitches I be like yo fuck bitches
Bought 3 new scripts and the January edition of American Theatre magazine yesterday.
Lets do this
Everyone should have the equal chance for all great opportunities.
Looking for a tasty promotion?
Why not imprinted lollipops ?
haha guess jus a personal preference.
i dont like the ps3 controller...
the downside to xbox tho is lives not free.
tht it tho
I am what I am , and guess what that's pretty Fucking cool/good...
Believe that
Amen, my friend.
BIG trouble...
evidence emerging that tech has benefitted the medical practice...lowers admin time, allows more time to treat patients.
Avoid going outdoors at the highest pollen times, typically early morning to midafternoon, or when its doctor and windy.
The Risk Summary Report is great for Commercial Lenders so you find out if the site potentially has any hazards prior to starting the loan
CWCC sends a big welcome to our newest members of the chamber:
no problem !!!
and happy birth day ...
ure lucky to tweet u
nike air yeezys for the low factory direct deling hear to the next 500 100 a pair to email us at 13
Just saw Al Roker grocery shopping at Whole Foods in Columbus Circle
I like this song, i like Avril!
:
Today Chupacabra is in Chinatown, right by Urban Outfitters.
I know you think you are over it already but Pitchfork totally gave us a 9.3.
GoTribe Going to miss the game today but I'll be cheering at work!
So much hearing loss.
:/
c'mon you redss well get chelsey next time we still rock x
Super excited that my bother was hanging out at the 1st EVER White House poetry event with Barack, Michelle and the girls.
Go Poetri!!!
Just spoiled myself on Glee, which even though I don't care about spoilers or, you know, Glee, gives me just zero reason to watch it.
Sorry Daniel!
It's a bar, so it's 21.
Catch up with us at the conf before the event and we'll give you an iPad giveaway ticket.
I have good memory I don't forget what's your plans
Good morning!!
Let's do this!!
To play a beautiful song for two people or a thousand is the same song, the amount of thanks you receive isn't part of that song.SethGodin
Thanks for the broadcast :
I dont know what that was.
:
Who would you put on the ?
thank you baby!
It's going to be pretty fucking great because you are coming over, right now!
if you think you cant make vlogs, you should see the thing i just made...
It is pure fuckery

Thanks for the retweet!
Green Lantern is very legit in 3D, and an empty theater makes it better
Your hair is becoming too straight gay boy, too straight!!
females who lie about gettin dwn.
its ok if u a freak, b 100.
u luv suckin dick.
i love that u love 2 do it
Trust in God at all times, my people.
Tell him all your troubles, for he is our refuge.
Psalm 62:8, GNT
that is so exciting!
Good luck with everything!
I can't wait to hear all about it.
I think libraries just need to come to terms and understand this: We don't run these places.
The people do.
We will be there serving our delicious Hawaiian Poke Bowls ahi salmon tofu over rice or spring mix!
We are very exited!!!
Im Starting mY OWn business....what kind Advice to have for me????
Dam OKC Did Work Tonight !
is your heart broken ?
how do you feel about me now ?
no sorry :
Wishing much funinthesun to and the phenoms in training at his youth clinic today!
Gorgeous day in Hawaii nei!
No.
8 was my 1st  it was fantastic.
It should be worth every sec MT : At my first ignitedc and hoping it is worth the time
You're welcome, Baltimore.
In the 11/17 edition of Venable's Ad Law News  Analysis: State AGs on FourLoko, on internet self reg, CA supply chain law.
Celts !!!
Sox !
Time for Celts to end this series , and get rested.
Sox, one word; Will
why not?
2 hrs of sleep  now I'm in bed!
Nappy times are the best!!
AstroMed Introduces New 18Channel Data Acquisition System
Have some fun together  enjoy a seasonal sporting event!
Buy some peanuts  crackerjacks  hit a baseball game together.
I'm miss lying in his arms
Would it be rude of me to ask the arguing couple across the way to speak up so I can hear everything and not just the yelling bits?
I'm tired of being what u expect me to do
I wish all this spam saying make money by tweeting was real.
That'd be a legit af job
Nothing like some delicious chicken legs :P
Here's to hoping that radio trends start shifting to something good.
Cheers!
I need to watch that and Avatar.
So behind.
You know I'm not lying!
You've seen the tootight suit before.
is wandering.
come on guys keep tweeting Get Austin Mahone Verified its trending in the US already!
My name is Stephanie Mullins, .
I would like to be entered in your Giveaway!
Ty...I need to Win!
:D
Oh yeah, at a family function  everyone decided to leave me.
Cool.
Just ready to leave.
Thanks for the shout out I mean Tweet!
We greatly appreciate it Thanks again for coming out :.
There are only so many things a kind heart can take.
How bout them Heat !!
didn't you post an article about the sandiego realestate markets that have come back the most?
I'm trying to locate it.
Xcel Energy Center says Katy Perry concert scheduled for Saturday postponed to August 23 due to illness.
hopefully super soon we can!
i am glad she wants to learn : 
In the Game of Thrones you win or you die.
Firefox, your inspector is fucking useless if I can't cut and paste some of the bizarre CSS declarations I have to deal with.
RT : .
put on a cool panel discussion on Artist Residencies tonight.
always love their events.
wellfounded!!!
People should have to retest for their license!
My grandpa has parkinsen's  can't walk but is legal to doctorve!
having a blast with ma friends:...!!3 got to love them3
One of the most boring halves I have seen in a long time.
Replies to everyone but me....
we must be brothers in the prognosticating bidness!!
Saints and Pats for me too.
Brady will be a surgeon today
yeah, he waited at her bus stop for her and then swung at her.
And then he left and followed her home to do the same thing.
Can you get a JLPN?
My Dad still doctorps Not jokes like it was 1990 I may need to start bringing those back into my rotation.
Not
do you wanna come Turkey ?
:
M83 tonight so excited love my
love your song huge fan :D
You can tell I have been playing around with computers tonight.
Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise, of health
Finally figured out why 's voice haunts me when I listen to ....
like getting coding advice from Snape!
:
I teach the Ides of March to my 6th graders, and they are NEVER bored.
Learning new ways to think about biz models with Tim Clark author at w and
Exactly.
Gender is just an idea, right?
Bring on the Brylcreem!
Could have been at the end like Stan's cameo.
A Daily Bugle scene with Jameson barking at Parker to get photos of the Avengers.
yes!
How do I proceed!?
Half hour until tonight's PSO concert with Andoctor Previn.
Didn't get a ticket?
Tune into Classical QED 89.3 at 8
its ok, I'm in town all the time but your exam on basic psychology is prob really important.
we have had some group coupons and are located in downtown Columbus!
We got in!
Good to see you.
Safe travels!
RT : I'm gonna get my boy and raise some hell tho at some point this wknd
If you're in Tel Aviv tonight, go!
RT :Protest against Israel's new antidemocratic laws will take place in Tel Aviv at 7PM
Netflix on twitter.
I doubt theres going to be credits for this movie..
yeah its corny
Payed on the same day.
How nice is that.!
WhyDoHoes like to act slutty, and wear not enough clothes.
my people u can make A sandwhich what good is the sandwhich if u anit got no bread 
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
I think STL got to0 clever trading down and missed on guys that could meaningfully help the offense.
They need Oline and WR help in 2nd/3rd
great!
we are meeting at at 5 am and walking downtown if you want to do that wih us!
hopefully things would be better by having women asking me for dates since almost at rock bottom
East Lansing for the night, flight to DC in the morning.
Anytime you feel alone put on your headphones..
Music 3
Letter Home
's new song boyfriend is out of the roof!
its the best song ever!!
: 3
Appreciate it :
not if they keep playon the way they did last night that shit was sloppy KD, Westbrook, and Harden took notes  dominated
RT : I'll sum up my 1st experience like this: Go for the beer list, stay for the tater tots.
NOM OM OM.
Well done!
My black kitten is sitting very prettily on the chair next to me...
asleep.
She looks so posed and poised.
Love.
needs to answer my calls sometimes D:
Sunday I am taking a ME day and going shopping in the city alone :
WIthout TV, I would have no idea who Mel Torm is.
So terrorists were planning to blow up the casino?
Well good thing they were caught I need this job.
taco time
ahhaha that's okay ;
Thanks!
Off to a good start!
Digging for Dinosaur Bones.
: Have fun!
RT We were headed to the Zoo, but it is too cold.
thanks Kyle!
got it
Noop u can't come back!
I would rather b alone then live a lie with u!
When you know someone's not interested and that they're just acting like they are.
Hey everyone, stay tuned we have a NEW VIDEO headed your way today!
oh, yes, i totally forgot about it!
thanks!
your a guy right?
dont answer that.
How do ou know if someonelikes you?
No, you look way better...
Writing style is High falutin flower arranging
: If you see this will you PLEASE FOLLOW ME  RT THIS : ?
Loveyou :
RT Whenever there is injustice in the world, Americans will rise up and retweet a hashtag.
I've wasted an afternoon trying to restore an iPhoto library from Time Machine.
Grrrrrr  still not there.
Thank you for the mention.
Sure hope you recover from that stomach virus quickly.
doctornk lots of water!
Get well soon!
:
If my recent predictions are any indication, Man U will probably win 50, but tonight I'm calling: Man City 2, Man Utd 1
Should do a time lapse on this conversion Brad.
Would be very cool.
new favorite: earl grey ice cream.
I'm watching High School musical.
Yeah.
Be jealous :
any fake boozy in scene study?
yeah the black jelly bean liquorish is gross.not my type of candyjust had a to say now that i was eating jelly beans..:OLO via
love it.
Actually I just had a good bite...completely wrapped in a corn tortilla with the hottest green chile on the planet.
Who takes showerbaths?
Watching Titanic about to cry looking at Jack and Rose
You can watch the entire pilot episode of Nurse Jackie free on youtube
RT ClaireInParis: What we need is a new Red Cross.
For netizens in danger.
NOT linked to gov.
Also started The Other Daughter....very intriguing so far!
We've got a feeling that this is Day's Major as well.
Don't see the American's ending the losing streak this week.
Damn it Cubs...
Would have been fun to see this go on into the night.
still doing my homework on him.
But he looks like a special teams guy
Panasonic TXL42ET5 TV review  MSN Tech amp; Gadget UK
uh ohh......
im confused :P You just randomly tweeted at me and you don't even know who I am????
Haha
Excited to use the new user interface!!
Bring it on!
for the win!!!
Red clover is used to treat a number of medical conditions, including cancer and skin inflammations, such as psoriasis and eczema.
On 8/22/97, I left on a training assignment to India, where this picture was taken on 8/31/97.
I felt blessed meeting BLESSED MOTHER TERESA!
come on Dan!
BCE?
ACE?
Why the fear of recognizing the common era is the Christian era?
AD and BC are correct!
Lots to do, lots more new work.
Its a fun time.
Puppy arrives Saturday!
Many a photo to follow.
Can't wait to hear all about your fab getaway  ringing in 2012 w/ HtheSixth!
Day one of the Piranha3DD mix on Monkeyland's B Stage.
Kelly V and Mark Rozett manning the mix!
My first film Lake House Leopard Escape followed closely by Suburban Sasquatch
shoutout to my newest follower
my workout tonight included making oatmeal  a grilled cheese.
Now doing a cool down w a mt dew  kettle corn.
dope.
All I do is work I wish I never left college.
Getting old is the pits but Im able to support myself so no complaints

: Per the FB/Instagram news, if can help in studio, just let me know:

I don't want the world to see me cause I don't think that they'd understand.
wewontwork if you feel 30 seconds is too long to wait for a text back
RT : Happy Teacher Appreciation Week!
We'll never be able to thank you enough for what you do!
add Daddy Yankee.
he has a twitter.
I refuse to teach Musiq Soulchild how to love.
Listening to 's song BAD : i love ur voice Gen 3
hey have you guys ever done a piece that provides data on american middle/high school students knowledge of US history?
These words are my own.
Just stupid stuff :P
Maybe the State Asshole
Royals split 4 game series with NewYork.
3 game series vs Boston begins tomorrow.
Haha, well, by the looks of it, iPhone.
As long as business uses BB, you'll be safe.
Hope that today is a great day i just hope:
: We Spared Them Life Lol...Next Game It's OVERWE since when did u become a fuckin CLIPPERS fan?!?!?!?
Antihipster is the new hipster.
Spotted getting soupy:::RT : I see sweet little on while we wait for class.
:
nowplaying ignorance by
thx fam..ima get at u when i can handle talkin bout it.
Preciate that.
Having a great time visiting the family in CO.
u dont wanna be the man?
trying to get our numbers up for upcoming mobile media project for the galleries.
Pls follow txstgallery and stay tuned
Ha!
Yes is our answer.
If it's San Diego County construction, you can only get it all  and first  from Building Velocity.
Justice is truth in action.
Benjamin Disraeli
I have jury duty next week :
I can't decide on a dp now haha they're all so fucking cute.
...unless you're taking me to Disney World...
I'm quitting
Question for my IT savvy followers: best inexpensive tablet and EASY to use apps for 86 year old guy?
Thx
Some people search for love.
Some for money.
I'm just searching for that shower experience that people have in the shampoo commercials.
Is it me or do the names of IPL teams sound a lot like cigarette brands?
Thanks so much for all your support.
You've been with us since the very beginning and we really appreciate you.
Britty's Tattoo view  UAB Kaleidoscope
Sometimes when a girl pushes you away, she's really fighting for you to pull her closer.
Don't let a good girl go.
Don't you have some sort of homework or studying to be doing?
Merry Christmas Everybody hope everybody has a Great and Blessed Day God bless!!
God I am single as fuck.
At the courthouse for my bf's court thing In the lobby there's marriage license apps I say let's get married All I want is to marry a felon
Thanks for saying nice things about my blog, Anthony.
What do you think of the name WorldVoices?
Loving today  they have some really nice schwag, and they have responsive  great customer service.
3
cripes, how could I forget.
Lots of PackPride in alumni turned author, Tami Hotard, on her newest book, Big Charity, about
Over 60 after shocks in Tokyo, as high as 6.0 and lasting as long as 3 minutes long.
Don't forget to reapply for NYU Housing by today!
Apply through NYUHome....and apply for Special Interest Housing too :
Billy Crystal makes me feel like I felt when Bob Hope doctorssed up like The Fonz or Luke Skywalker.
yeah the family I nanny for is going out of town this weekend and since there's always leftovers I made them early this week.
Aww thanx for the love homeslice.
: Love ya honey.
North Korea has their own Johnny Mountain?!?!
I hate that LOUISVILLE GETS OVER LOOKED TALENT WISE !
IF YOU DON'T LIKE LOUISVILLE FUCK YOU !
COME SEE ME !
I'M TRIED OF THIS SHIT !!!
feeling like a goddess after restoring two computers w/ blue screen of death
I've been doctoraming of you every single day, but when I wake up I still have nothing
thanks!
we hope to see you!
and black coffee is one of our favorites to play :
we're back.
; we should get together.
;
Follow us to help reunite lost Indy and surrounding area pets with their owners.
A bunch of assholes at Buffalo Wild Wings are all thinking they took this game into overtime
Today is a rare day where I'd rather rip my eyes out than do my work.
Not enjoying the ride today.
Thankfully this doesn't happen too often.
Meh.
Waking up doesn't sound appeasing.
WOTD: RT : announces their latest album 'The Whole Love' will be available on April 31...On player piano roll.
what does Kyle make you for lunch?
Maybe we should share ideas to each other???
I've got some mad sandwiching skills!
no dont worry i believe u
I'm so tired!
When you said Carlos the doorman thought you were joking about v.o.
character from TV sitcom Rhoda.
That was Carlton.
The Meaty Part of The Line Up...
people change.
Yes Always De
your quite welcome:
Only one tweet?
Gotta keep up kevin!
Lol
I love my Mom 
returns for a special I AM Industry Monday Night only As always  Free Cover!
2 Shots, 3 Beers, and 5...
we loved having you!
Thanks for the great performance!
Wondering how much , is listening to right now?
As long as Koivu and Heatley are still on the line together, they should be all right.
Check out these 25 hot movie releases from Thanksgiving to January!
I chased the rains down in Big Africa SKC 30
Treat your girl with respect, not like shit
Kids are hilarious!
Hahahahahah :
I know so many different kinds of dinosaurs because I memorized the Dinosaur Rap from
my name is Queenie yeung.
yours ?
The difference between Firefly and the Republican debates?
One presents a future where government crushes dissent.
The other was canceled.
thank you
please include the  if possible.
again thank you.
this guy is a bum he is soft like a cup cake
Killer crowd, exciting speakers, packed house 's Social Business Summit 2012  RIO
I wholeheartedly agree with you!
I hope we are doing our part in helping it be more awesome!
I saw a big ol mangy tom cat beat the sht out of another cat last night.
It was not nearly as sexy as I thought it would be.
its but ill take that lol
Take care of your character and your reputation will take care of itself.
I'm trying haha
Haha.
We'll keep our eyes peeled.
So ig let them bieber tweets begin , ik they're coming since his birthdays tomorrow /: lol
haiyaaa : D how're you doin?
Planning for our trip to Hawaii next week
Sometimes.
I really just want to punch you in the face.
.
speaking of glamour, I'm doing some vacay shopping on the manana.
First, gotta get new luggage b/c my suitcase to' up.
I love the song The Closest Thing to Crazy by Katie Melua.
Excited to see what you guys are up to.
Stop by HQ anytime.
Thankyou professorssora for sending me home now I helped a puppy :
Thanks for the feedback!
We'll make sure to include the details in the lift notices as well.
dearenemies You're all jerks that can go fuck yourselves.:
What is your favorite show to watch locally in OC?
Where's my follow big guy?
No love for some Chalk Talk?
Its getting hot Vegas!
Cool down with one of our shakes or malts!
Will celebrate Bday by going to farmers market and talking inside baseball about media business.
Thanks Nancy!
Yeah, I know I hope so too, but I have to go.
byee
Doesn't look like they're going with the short shorts.
Cleaned up me and my twin room.
Its lonely he need to cum home
Good seeing you too.
Next time we'll get organized.
yes maam I will send you something by tonight
You're not married.
ha, yea right
Very excited for my new Kindle subscription.
Thanks!
I think you're missing the word Republican in this tweet
Hubble saturday night at the Freedom Garden in bushwick!
a year from this weekend...i will be hosting the NewberryMacon reunion here in Florida...theme Standing on the shoulders of our ancestors
Commission meeting will start in 1015 minutes.
doctorading or anticipating this coming season, no one can turn down shoppin 4 ur swagger use repcode MARYJANEEATER  karmaloop and
how you feelin
Thanks for the follow!
Wise are those who learn that the bottom line doesn't always have to be their top priority.
William A.
Ward
Yeah they randomly followed me so I checked them out and I'm impressed and found a new favorite band haha
that gave me happy tears too!!!!
Btc when I see you make sure I do the the blade dance on yo ass.....
Boyuu wont yuuu boss up.get this money get ths money lol
Irony is, same thing was going to happen to LBJ in America for same reasons.
Party insurrection bc he was crass and bullyish
Dang !
I should have brought you some today !
God dammit Ant..
I'm eatin Doritos and you just went and fucked up all the taste now..
Grrrrrrrr
oh...AND was the deal 2day!!
10FactsAboutMe I can read and write vietnamese
The Pack killed it again yesterday!
damn she all fucked up then!
Louis is all like bitch please we are to good for you
B14 of us hate when people do what at the movies?
Call in to win: 313.298.9630
Thank You for being so funny!
IF YOU LOVE HER BREAK UP WITH KATIE.
does life really have have to have ups and Downs can't it just be straight
me duh
Huge S/O to on walking across the stage today  the IUPUI Graduation.
As his former coach  now colleague I couldn't be prouder
Like the farm subsidies that go to agribusinesses to make HCF for McDonalds?
Well, maybe not that bad.
I'llstoprantingnow
do i know you?
Haha
Design doctorven tech, how you handle big ideas is really important.
i listen to 1D and dance songs to keep me motivated:
woah that's awesome, yeah sleep will probably do me better anyways thanks!
happy bday john have an ICONic one C:UsersAmanimadaDocumentsjohns bday
Hey Can You Follow Me Please..!
???
:
Aaawwww so sweet, thank you.
People still talking about 8 being vacated???
Lol
would love to chat with you sometime regarding !
We're a one for one soap company that loves your site.
has just signed on to as a leader in making Milwaukee one of the healthiest cities in the nation.
As Warren Buffett said: There's class warfare, all right.
But it's my class, the rich class, that's making war, and we're winning.
Thanks for the follow Eric!
RT : Thanks Lisa Sanders and Del Sur for sponsorship of
Don't go into business to get rich.
Do it to enrich people.
It will come back to you.
Stew Leonard
it states user doesn't exist!
The weather in DC today is virtually indistinguishable from downtown San Francisco.
Not gonna lie: I love it.
Nice knowing ya : If LeBron James wins a ring this year I'll delete my Twitter for good.
wish i could be watching right now...BIG NFL discussions
What year was the album Come Fly With Me released?
CAN I JUMP N THE RING REAL QUICK AND BEAT THE HOLY HELL OUTTA H
Focus Group, Manhattan, September 14th.
Looking for Cell phone owners.
85 for 1  hours NYC nyfocusgroups.com
consider yourself followed
Skyline chill!
The baked potato is rich in magnesium and potassium, two minerals that fight high blood pressure.
The longer that I wait, the more that I'm afraid that someone's gonna fool your heart and take you away 3
In the past three days, I won 5 Science Fair awards and am 190 richer.
Life is good.
I did but I thought the yacht was better.
Now I just need to find my first Billion.
To say the least, the stock market will be Clouded today by Steve Jobs' talk.
Look for the signs under the averages.
in the studio until the new year...only a few open appointments!
visit saintclark.com now to book yours
Yeah it really pisses me off when people try to put Lebron and Jordan in the same breath
YOLO kind of night with
surgery done.
Recovery is the worst part.
Just got accepted into college : lets go!
Damn..
let's see how this night turns out
I wanna forgive but I just can't.
Sometimes you rly piss me off.
Instead of saying he better back off cause you mine : .
you tell me to go for him?
Wtff.
The black market this time round is damn fast lor.
Bad Grades Ain't Cute .
Hell ya.
One of the coolest apps available.
I'm buried, not married.
what's happenin bro?
you in town?
Life is good
whoooaaaa that looks tasty and easy.
I've been in one of those rooms..we all know the cookies are brownies are just to the left, out of the camera frame, haha
haha.
I sure do
A pleasure to walk the streets of canary wharf.
Changed the professorle picture!
Singing Catch Me by Demi Lovato!
I have a bingeing problem.
I think im ready to admit it...
I Have SleepBulimia!
lol
hah you would know that
How are
Dang my legs feel like jello tonight!!
Ugh!
:/
Great day  Hofbrau Haus for lunch, then swimming at Coney Island  finished with pizza and rides!!
U didn't taser anyone today did u ???
I love working with talented people
Half considered the City of Lights Jazz Fest this year, but only can make it Sunday  really can't stand Eric Benet.
Designed LX for a 1off
Either the rest of the league got really good really fast, or the Red Sox suck.
Now 44 in 7th.
: Cheating is a choice, not a mistake.exactly!
youre the best :
Interesting concept, but I would call it a 2wheeled car.
Completely misses the point of motorcycling.
Don't want to be caged.
Hope he fuckin u good!
Happy Mother's Day Ladies!
Isnt it time for Beaujolaus to be released?
Or was it already?
It would be different if we saw record after record w/in the state Bar assn of Rubio fighting the Bar for disability  Autism rights
I want all of you or none of you.
cil2010 if you have usability policies or guidelines at your library, please share links!
Watching a new series of airline TV ads which keep getting interrupted by v exciting golf  funny I thought it should be other way round!
just like yhu bitch
When does American Reunion come out?
Join us in wishing a 10th ANNIVERSARY to The , who started playing in April 2002.
ALL HAIL THE INVINCIBLE CZARS!!
id rather be doctornking a smoothie from Mickey D's
Kentucky has to get their offense going.
Sounds like there are a lot Lakers fans at PepsiCenter tonight ...
I don't like it.
C'mon Nuggets ...
keep 'em quiet.
we can't wait until it's 77 degrees on Wednesday!
What will you be doing in this warm weather?
whenblackpeoplegetpaid they go pay the rent on their rims!
we don't have any downloads available at the moment.
Maybe in the near future!
he says with loaded gun, sweaty brow and bulging eye: say mad men again!
say mad men AGAIN!
Trying to get my sons, firsts scrapbook done.
love to scrapbook.
Cannot get over the fact that when a cat repeatedly paws at something it is called biscuiting.
I mean....what?
Why?
Nice man!
I'll ship it out the next day!
RT : hell yeah I'm gonna order that night stalker tee
ha ha you're right about that..off to rock this sportscast..
thx sweetie...we try...im a paramedic and my boy is an emt...we try n make ppl feel better :  thanks for noticing hugsyou
Good stuff!
Working on a new piece, which I haven't named as of yet.
Also took over the Fulton Market Art Walk here.
You're going to be on tonight!
Can't wait!!
when I'm old as fuck I'm still gona blast my reggaeton!!!
How did everyone enjoy 99 cent Iced Tea month?
Sadly, it ends today so stop in and get your fix!
Share with everyone 3
Fear less, hope more, whine less, breathe more; talk less, say more, hate less, love more
Josh you need Annette to doctorw your pills
holy shit holy shit.
holy shit.
the vampire diaries is the best show ever.
lol iight how bout both of us take sum blame
When someone makes you feel more uncomfortable in your body than you already are 
Moonshot for Brewers Ryan Braun, he hit it into the NYCE club
A guys sleepy voice 3
god!!
lemme know what you think?
Jack's Mannequin is next Friday.
Wear dark blue to the show.
i met Q briefly and he let me come take/assist!
i just met everyone yesterday!
but i make friends quick :P
I am honored and proud to say that I share the same sisterhood as women like Such an inspiration!
Just saw avengers.
Pretty sick, but couldn't they have given Black Widow a bigger gun?
Huge hulk, iron man, and ScarJo w/ a lil pistol.
Welp
Just bought new asics and joined the gym I said was too expensive.
I figure, what better to invest in than my body?
CyberStationUSA.com is the first and largest internet station.
We are the future of radio.
Today, I'm gonna let people know, I'm better than you.
I'm so crazy for you, but I love that I am.
Start today!
We're living in very interesting times, think different and don't follow the crowd.
hey Nicole kendaya is against austinlets fight back
Awee Ashley Has On Her ACG's Too:
Heat Win Game 2, On to New York
unzop.
unzop damn you!
why won't this thing unzip...oh
Wow.
You're too funny.
You must play as one to win one individuals never win any thing.
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary
Get to the foul line to slow down a fast break team.
Steven:She plays basketball Me:Yea Steven:That's good the means she has handles.
D
I will never say duck
Is there a full moon tonight?
Four critical work issues today along the the normal stuff.
Will this day ever end ?
introducing scon12 talking 4 trends of tech and he says he likes to zip like with capes.
lol yeah why don't I just take a pillow and a chair to make myself comfortable too 
Last day at st Mary's
it's only 9 something
My workout obsession is back and this time I hope it sticks!
Let the countdown to Vegas begin!
same here!
Wht grade u in?
rag on Calipari but he gets the most out of the most talented players.
and he's not afraid to freeze out talented players who won't listen.
I don't know why I've done half of the things I've done, but I know this is where I belong.
Danfung Dennis: Virtual reality  filmmaking to shake people from their indifference.
Powerful mission!
I LOVE YOU INFINITY x 100000000000000000000000
Update date : : : : who thinks snooki is preeggers I do
captainin's joke, Your fare just doubled.
Soon: not just siteconstruction updates but actual news about a major production this year.
For now this is just activity for its own sake.
Time for ice hockey.
Let's hope we keep it under double digits this time!
I wasn't sure the website teardown session was going to be relevant to me, but I've picked up a number of good tips!
Another outstanding Mayor's Cabinet Annual Meeting earlier tonight w/ 
did u just tipe that lol!!!
She's my boo thanggg 3
The agent of reform is not the rebellious slave but the repentant master.
Tom Stoppard
it's getting hared to
thanks to and all the volunteers and participants we had lots of fun again this year
Fat girls who think they are hot and are hot shit
Updating NetFlix..
no kidding!
Let's hope or the best...
Can't wait to be reunited!
wondering if mayyybbee you'd like to follow me?
i just want to give ' boy this money so i can own the cavs 4s.
my life will be complete til next month when the militarys doctorp
time to walk the Ockhamite
The three areas that cause newlyweds the most problems during their first year of marriage are finances, work issues, and household chores
anyone have the score of the manchester united, blackthorn game
of course they win gold!
With that amazing move how could they not?!
Don't think I want to see new Promethius trailer.
By all reports, It may give away too much of the plot.
In need of some coffee.
deal is still a verbal and handshake at best.
There is a lot left to be finalized.
,lol low and behold!
doctor Perry gets her own show!
Thank you and thanks for the follow!
Hope you have a lovely day!
What a beautiful bittersweet Thursday!
Fresh Air on today is about childhood obesity
sounds so cute!
Can't wait to see!
fantasyfootball doctorft tonight
yes I did!
You guys are amazing!
c:
man u replied to the oldest tweet in the world know u don't know what u doin
we can't tell him who to hang out with!
I know she probably didn't have a right to say that but still..it's not his fault
Running Rebels needs tutors.
Please email Emily at if you or anyone you know wants to tutor!
did somebody say liquior
If i can just say what i wanna say
I'm thinking it's a carbonara kind of night.
gr8 to have everyone for Tuesday Afternoon Lunch RT Solid cameos here by , 
Great show, part solo, part with hushed backing band.
No Louhe ended by covering Alison and making it his own.
yes and I hate it
Watching the doctorgonTattooTrilogy DAY TWO  I think the literary title was the
PeopleNeedToStop having periods
i need more followers
to every one who gives us a shout out will earn a discount on their smog test all it takes is a shout :
RT : north america you are up first.
get ready.
BELIEVEtour next week!
LEGGO
HEY PEPLE THE MAYOR IS PREPARING FOR THE NEW STEVE TURNER ''COMING HOME DVD'' LIVE IN CLEVELAND
Vincent Castronovo Is The Meaning of H.o.t
I second what Marcus said.
has a VARIETY of delictables.
Stop by and taste their healthy selections.
Get 15 OFF w/ a
Are you a musician looking for a gig?
We've got a few Monday nights open  contact us for more info.
I definitely need to find time to write up that piece on the flex classroom we built at UMW...
I know, right?
It's been too many years since I used ceedus lapeedus in a conversation...
I've been meaning to do that as well.
Still haven't got around to it yet.
Probably too late.
the originals are the best too
Thanks again for the mention before!
Why is that girl wearing a black and hot pink corset?
This is chili's.
When I tell he's hot, I feel like a damn creep.
Tbfh lol
smoke break in Hollywood at 5 am...I just witnessed two guys try to break into a car and fail at it.
Baird Community Involved Player of the Year: A.J.
Hawk; for his work with local charities.
In the end, dear friend, it is always between us and God, not between us and them.
Warning Stranger: if u stay a min pass d point when she wants to leave.
You could get the CREEPmeter slapped on you.
CreepOdometer police!
it was so good to see YOU!
:
U of Minnesota to introduce Teague as next AD
seems like I've been waiting forever!
needs to come out!
I'm waiting for him to sing!
: haha
HEY.
TELL ME ABOUT GAMIFICATION OF ART.
Specials of the day: come in between 3 pm  5 pm for a LARGE cheese pizza for ONLY 5.00 OR a LARGE pepperoni for only 6.00!!
Night Twitter!
Have a Happy Thursday!!!!
I LOVE YOU YOU ARE MY HERO AND IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME IF YOU FOLLOWED ME
thanks for putting that on this morning!
It was awesome.
Let me know if I can help in any way for the next one.
Today's Quote: I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift would
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter Didn't Even Know What To Write!
You are brilliant!
Clueless is one of the best movies ever!
that's open to eat now
RT : u outdid yourself again.
Awesome dinner in tysons corner, VA!
thx!
that's nor Kelly.
OMG OMG what was i doing??
Hehee oh yeah making loofah soap
Use coupon code MATCHY10 for 10 off earrings  bracelet that go together nikkoneko in my shop.
More matching to come, next few days!
Brother coming in from Germany, family coming from New York
Big difference in bringing a guest lecturer into class via videoconferencing and coteaching via VC.
Baselevel change to pedagogy.
So happy
Oh dear!!!
The power of cheesecake!!
You should come here tomorrow and get some cheesecake to feed your family!
I know haha
RT : All these videogames rated mature do not seem very.
Yo cant wait to see u in blueandyellow I think youre going to make an excellent fit in Karl's system!
goNuggets!
They are!
And the Motley Crue cosplayers made my weekend.
xD Motley Crue pwns everything.
What a fun day.
:
I have a fat lip and I don't know how.
Somewhere between Mariah's house and Mezza...
Oh shit, typo.
The Assembly will be in session at 11 a.m., debating mining, concealed carry training requirements.
your startup story was great!
Thanks for sharing!
Our fourth installment on insulation is about insulation effectiveness and fire safety.
Go to oklahmahomerepair.tumblr.com for more!
You are so annoying.
Get a life.
All of you.
We have the countdown tickin...

if you wonder, about the spell I'm under, it's your love.
so happy
Grateful to see a new morning
Why would you only add Barrett and Falk?
if you add in the other Dem candidates, plus KohlRiggs, the total is just under 556000
I'd like to connect with you about my work.
let them enjoy their little run.
who do u thinks gonna take it all?
im leaning LA or NYR
I respect how actually listens/talks to his fans.
Not many 'celebrities' do that now a days.
Up early grinding riding round and gettin it.
I'm on my
maddow: You found a new Talk Show Host!!
Jane Lynch!!
Watch out MHP  Dylan!
Political panties
I'll be playing at Johnny Nicholas' Hill Top Cafe in Fredericksburg, TX  Monday the 14th  6pm.
Duo show w/ Kullen Fuchs on piano.
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
Marie Curie
Tony, I've meet him, he rocks.
:
thanks Mike.
Short trip but should be good one.
yes till 8 tonight
This week's 10 off code for CHIchat members is Bowl for Fitness!
Stop in this week and take advantage :
When the person who matters to you the most STILL doesn't realize it
Anyone want to follow my second account?
It's for Directioners: if you want to its
No worries.
The Internet still likes you.
I got the link.
How long until YMCA commercials stop bumming me out though?
: Y MCA ..
u.r.
welcome!
u rock.
So great catching up with u today!
Eating healthy is not a punishment.Meg McCarthy, The Miami Herald  I'll add that not only is it NOT punishment, it's delicious too!
LMFAO UR HOT AND FUNNY ANY CHANCE YOU WILL DO PLAYBOY??
i think its a good game nephew!
www.codeschool.com/courses/jqueryairfirstflight New Jingle!
I'm hoping this gets the same buzz as 'Rails for Zombies'.
you are a beautifoul person...
Thank u for following me back!!!
You need to color tint your lips in that pic to a blazing red.
Otherwise it just isn't you.
Or is that your Clark Kent mode?
Solving four international challenges in website translation with four of our clients.
I'm gonna make sure I get my tickets...I'm having me, my dad, and my friend online tomorrow just so I'm sure to get it
Sure, my pleasure!
Couch Money created it all...
is a part of the start..
New Mixtape of his coming soon!
poptartsapplejuice
do you have an online portfolio or instagram?
I wish i could find in the world, run up to him, and give him the biggest hug for his 18th birthday3 that would be amazing3
Great twist on BPO from COO of Hanover: we didn't outsource entire jobs, just the portion that didn't require certain skills  exp
Molly, you in daanga' girl.
Right?
Beauty fades with all the games you play
sidney crosby trending worldwide?
thats my boy 
Things are looking up!
That is awesome, good for you!!
:
Luclay needs to stop crying like a baby, enough already.
Helen Hayes stamp to debut Monday at awards program named for the actress
Booked a television show!
Shoots Monday!
: ill give more details after the shoot!
Are you or Sam dating Rebecca Black?
vernon hills
I love her so much I don't think I could make it if she wasn't in my life
ya and when someone does come the tickets sell out really quickly so it's pointless
Both days are filled with treats; 31oct is just lots more fun!
A favorite form shooting routine is heavy ball 1hand shooting 3' from basket w/ elevated set position..targets foot lift force focus.

for my birthday but he'll never do it now!:
Coffee, tea and milk concoctions, CTM for short, are definitely destined to catch onat least in frat houses.
Gimme time.
: 2013 Soc of Hist Archae has their conference in Leicester; hopefully I can get myself that way before or after.
about to go to nifs!
We could tumble n grass before we go in?
President Ulysses S.
Grant was also known as Unconditional Surrender Grant.
He was not a fan of war  moved to end it as swiftly as possible
If ya guys loved our song Ron Ron Back it'll be available for free download tomorrow before the game..
aw!
; come on it will be super fun!
Besides fritz Javon Victoria and Nathan will probaly be there 2!
Instant deals now available from Living Social!
Download their app if you don't have it already.
My Metro train is being held because of an unauthorized person on the track.
I feel I need to help you overcome those bets
hah.
It was a dumbed down version of the game so there were none of the gimmicks, even though we asked for a street shout out.
May is skin cancer awareness month.
We're posting related questions all week.
Tweet True or False using acsskin for a chance to win.
I want to be a pirate!
Just saying,
Job interview went well.
Hope I get a call back soon!
:
My head is going hammer!
Bammer bammer ugh!!
thanks for sharing.
Does someone wana trade hair with me please
Rain ultra lounge tonight!
Your new Thursday night hot spot NO COVER 21 guys 18 ladies amazing doctornk specials!
RT for me!
we know its not now go STFU!!
Probably not too close to south KC, but oh we'll
is that what it is.
Don't tell me men can be scorned too..lol.
ordering a triple meat with extra everything, large fries  a DIET coke?
you sure are saving yourself.
lol.
Bagels with cream cheese and orange juice :D yummy.
Much better!
Thanks for the RT!
Hats off to Potomac Edison!
No power failure during a 24 hour tropical event....outstanding!!
Awesome!!
Congrats Claire!!
Working on and Rod's engagement pics from yesterday at the flower fields.
They turned out amazing.
Can't wait to share
Another amazing Salsa Wednesdays here at Library ABQ!
Dancing to Le Tigre may not be enough
Just found 12 bucks in my backpack.
Studying does payoff
And this ballgame is Ovvaaahhh!!!!
Sox win!!!
Now in first, and 20 over Detroit.
Including screen caps with annotations in response to emails.
IOU
I NEED AUSTIN
Good night.
Ap test tomorrow.
:/
Cool!
Thanks!
:
in bed, sunburned and worn out, watchin a movie with my ladies :

Extra smooth, green's....early....dass right!!!
So I have Missouri playing Syracuse tonight.
I think I have a future in bracketology.
of course.
apologies for the delayed response!
yes we do sell packager separately.
did you have any other questions about it?
hello my love!!!
How are you???
Xoxo
26MoreYearsOfGagaTouringWithUs I HIGHLY doubt that we will be listening to this krazy music for 26 more years.........
Looking to hire someone to make a custom costume ...
Any recommendations?
Is it weird that every time I eat pizza I hear the music from the opening credits from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II?
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Tulsa!
When they come through doctorp in say Hello!
My son keeps me up that boy woke me up im talking about my puppy
Gracias Tim!!
Have a good weekend!
someone's bday is coming up!!!
I don't always agree with everything you say, but man do I agree with you tonight.
Appreciate your rational take on the
So jealous that has 1k but im way more proud, i knew she'd make it :'
: Tomorrow is TAX DAY  we've got your refund.
All orders on Tuesday, April 17 will receive an automatic 15 Discount!
RT Or has he?
Has he quit smoking?
Don't knowsupposedly sneaks off for a puff still.
I know!
VET HIM!
always hilarious.
Always pitiful.
OKay three reboots and I now have an active feed
There are times when two people need to step apart from one another or break up, but there is no rule that says they have to turn and fire
Thanks.
And thanks for the support.
You guys are great!
Fake Vs.
Real Lets See Who Will Win
Nothing like sushi with to brighten up your mood.
celebrate!
How much of grading is an attempt to control the behavior of the student in class and towards the subject content?
Whats the difference between a crack head and a base head?
I ask because my boss has GOT to be one of the two....
yeah  so was i sorry if I hurt the baby feelings w/ the name calling
RT : Sagittarius can have hedonistic tendencies.
RT : Interviewing lots of people.
Out of meeting rooms.
Saw someone getting interviewed in the storage closet.
I never did send you that doctorft  wanna see?
AKA eating at Bluegrass Grille?
Did you have a good New Years Eve?
What did you do?
it's june 11th!
And if you do you should stay at my house!
Ate at Knuckleheads for lunch today.
Got The Chopper with a side of beans and a Coke.
Go see Bridgette at the bar  order it!
dude  what new weather guy?
Trout?
Wet N' Wild tomorrow!!!
Woohoo!!!!!
x
Turntoyou is so beautiful Love you my baby
I think I could run that, let's go!
whiteteamscoutteam4life lol
Try the sea bass
I need to play a show again.
: time 2 give my pillow some head n my sheets some ass....
lol...
this 1 never gets old...
it deserves a rt I hear ya!
Gnite
Coffee  Tour de France whatmore can you want.
In honor of opening tonight, what is your favorite Judy Garland standard?
Boy n The Hood OR Don't Be A Menace To Society
prom, open house, best friends birthday, new york city, summer time, college...shit.
Ask your questions!
I make the money but don't let it make me, so even if I go broke niqqa you couldn't break me
I am going to email you.
whats your email addoctorss?
anyone catch our first live stream yesterday?
should we do it again?
Route 21 run 308 bus number 4803.
I've got to get home, so why are you behind and stopping at McDonalds for 5 min more?
Poetry is like a really short story, great if you can only read for a little while.
I hate how people say they have freedom of speech, yet get mad when you speak something they don't like.
What happened to freedom of speech?
Wedding Freebie RT email us now for a free 5 song sample mix!
Why not?
i heard u gettin involved with top name producers??
that's wasup but please don't tell me ull b writing secular lyrics?!!!
hahaha you and me BOTH!
I'm gonna be there the whole week.....
Why does my dog smell like rain?
I think it's time to give her a bath...
ExtendedStay Travelers Enjoy Lower Rates for Stylish Carlsbad, CA Corporate Housing
Mayor Gray: I stand before you today humbled by the oath that I have taken.
I could wash my hair all day and night with Shampoo and Conditioner.
Just another Manic Monday!
k I'm gonna get a room at the eldorado for free I'm jus working magic right now haha
tired.
layin in bed.
thank god tomorrow is friday!!!
Can't even say a girl isn't cute without being accused of hating.
Her face just isn't my cup of tea
:D ...I LOVE YOOOOOOUUUUUUUU!
I'd love that!
We could catch up here or back in NY some time
Just saw the Daytona 500 highlights......
Packed house for APCAbaby!
Now if they'd only bring some water backstage...
Had a great time but I think we made the questions a wee bit too hard
you need to see the beautiful reds, oranges and yellows of Northwest Arkansas in about 23 weeks should be perfect!
How could anyone in the Senate or House sill vote yes on SOPA or PIPA when they have seen how the internet will respond?
Swift  harsh.
I know, right?!
Love that zebra!
Omg,my timeline is full of this TT : Justin Follow Austin Mahone 
Yess all the beers gone!
happy mom's day
Exhausted  headed to bed.
7am comes awfully early here.
Back to the wetlands, and then teaching a class on Tidal Pools.
use all caps for AERA
Obama vows to
Americans for Prosperity...Doublespeak...
Everything you read in the book 1984 applies for real right now.
Be careful on how you judge based on scars, they make people who they are.
You see the ugliness but,its a reminder to what they can survive.
Did you eat amalaya?
Cause you're kinda bitter haha.
I'm closing chrome tabs like I'm trying to leave work.
That DuctTapeIsland episode of makes me want to go buy a gross of duct tape rolls, just in case.
im serious
everybody loves a dashboard!
thanks for coming!!!
Always great seeing you!!
RT : And when I leave...every body come together...
E.
Griffin
Make sure you include BmoRecycles in your FF for us!
The more people that follow, the more people we can get to recycle!
Just watched The Vow.
I cried like a baby.
I'm convinced that my phone is smarter than many of the damn people I know.
great meeting you last week!
just got your message, twitter on phone not working great.
have a great weekend!
54 antiSSM?
But 44 of respondents are teabaggers!
Surely you don't think that poll actually represents CA body politic...
one talks to much, the other startin to talk too much shit n one jus wont get the message........somebody save me
JMTmentorCall Melissa rocks!
Im Tony Montana i just bought myself a cougar .
thanks for the retweet !!
morning!
How are you?
mom out of town and dad works late nights ...
Absolutely!
We were in dire need of WPSL here and that's why we exist.
Giving the girls the 'next level' to strive for.
Only at this dealership  this lady has a big ass dog sitting at the Lexus cafe...
She's looking right at you.
So much for sneaking the shot.
I know!
I'm sorry lol
Can you link me to the podcast that I did on Pinterest?
Thank you :
You cant be friends after you've cared for someone, at least not right away...
RT : and at the same time, is culturallybased so that our young men and women can preserve our cultures.
Trained clients, photo shoot, back to training clients one busy girl:
Come on bears!
Kill kill kill!
Dear food poisoning, this isnt working.
i think we should start seeing other people.
Everyone affected by these storms, be safe!
miss you man!
You know you're eating a fatty ass burger when you could see you reflection on the bun
it is NEVER to late to do The Wave.
Or The Macarena.

so, a combination love affair and Vulcan mind meld.
Party on.
RT Burning bridges is normally a bad thing, but if it's a bridge that enables you to access sin easier, BURN IT!
Rom 13:14
So hungry.
But don't want to eat.
Dunkin donuts my life line..
I wish I could have a Dunkin iv lol
: Stuuupidddd!
Appreciate it bro!
Ouch.
Thanks so much for trying it out for me.
That's insanely sweet of you, honestly!
Looks like I have to research more.
:
Gorgeous, intelligent, kind, sweet, charming, sexy, hilarious, amazing......well, enough about ME!
How are you?
;
Weird, maybe.
I think we both liked it more than the academy.
I need some new tunes.
ohh mkaaay , ah well good luck finishing , I'm on page 9 :
Derrick Favors is averaging about 16 points and 14 rebounds per 40 minutes in the past four games for the Jazz.
if there's a leap of faith assumption in your business plan, shouldn't you run a quick experiment to figure out the real data?
The footage of the video shoot looks amazing!
We can't wait for the release!
LOL.
I think I have pink eye.
I mean...really?!
Who even gets that after kindergarten?!
Your the best cause we think so 3
finish with your plumber and come into the office.
It's too quiet in here.
yes I'm standing outside waiting I said this in chat lol
: An Aries in love, loves to the fullest.
If its not important, put it off for tomorrow; because tomorrow ain't promised, and that was yesterday!
Funny how some act different wen they around their friends like they dont kno who they r.
Guess pier pressure still work for grown ass women
Anyone in Ft Worth area?
20 at 35W area?
nothing much.
What's going on this Saturday?
it has to be for wine!
Otherwise, what's the point?
What do you think of Apple's Announcements yesterday?
Much ado about nothing or truly Resolutionary?
Up all night with a sad little sick boy.
I feel like in this current political climate I should blame someone.
bahahahahhahaha!!!!!!!
i know i know i caught the mistake this morning lol
3 There's a limit on the number of foreign players allowed on your team
You go girl!
Do it!
Geoffrey Canada says wraparound services are great, but teachers, GREAT teachers are much more important
thanks luv ..
make sure to let me kno wat u think !
I would like to undo the trade that sent Hamilton from the reds to the Rangers for Volquez a few years ago
I'm not judging, really, but eeeew!
aww : and it sucks cause its actually true for me.!
:
ytfuquayvarina The F.V.
police department arrests and tickets an inordinate amount of people for no good reason which is good for business.
...
the fog is rising.
Last words fo Emily Dickinson
nothing planned yet!
Either gunna stay around saug or venture out!
that's what's up!
Hope you are well.
Much love!
RT : Having a little fun tonight before going to The Bahamas tomorrow with the crew!
Oh man  west coast playoff OT games here in Eastern Time ...
fun but not fun
Research and Markets: Romania  Digital Media and Broadband Market Insights, Statistics and Forecasts Contains ...
You know you watch too much tennis when you have the calendar marked for all the tournaments for the next 5 years
Had a wonderful dinner with last night...I love my life!!!
: The GOP demands Obama campaign repay taxpayers for travel costs.
Yeahright.
I want my money back for Mission Accomplished!
Follow the homie
Easy cover for Baylor...This line should shoot to 10 quickly.
Too Athletic and dominate the boards.
Should name the score.
Happy Friday everyone!
that show still comes on?
What season are they on now?
get more shirts in stock on the website you shithead!
So tired!!!
Must sleep....z
Wow!
They just said on CNN that 10 of all photos ever taken were taken in 2011.
Does that blow your mind?
you can borrow them.
EUPHORIA  cabins, no internet access...
I think I see where this is going.
Haha, that's fine!
Thank you so much!
Where did the agile/scrum managed chaos post go?
More of a college bball fan, don't follow pro much, but I respect anyone who has skill, and Lebron certainly does!
TODAY.
Station 4!
5pm.
Be there.
That is all.
Kthnxbye.
don't even know how this ish works
her name is tree do you know shrub and bush?!
Lauren Picado
I did not!
it's sitting in my inbox waiting for when I have time, so...
What Steve,Les Deal from Detroit, I am looking for an agent to help my boost my comedy career.
Help!!!
Narrating the scene just made my life a whole lot easier.
Thanks
Their newest version is 7, and it has features not even found in the full Sibelius.
Upgraded yesterday, trying now.
this week couldn't get any worse.
Good idea.
I might do a few before bed.
Getting the facts on lyme disease in dogs.
Not something I ever want
haha ya I did it twice yesterday 2 but hell I might do it 3 times at this rate : haha
RT : Here's the long version of the Phone You Buy 2 Years From Now..
talk I gave at yesterday:...
happy but really sad at the same time , everything will eventually get better ..
i hope
If it turns out that Justin Bieber is a girl, then the name ought to be changed to Justine Beaver.
oh and just to forewarn you it's not exactly legal so go at ur own pace, however nothing will happen to you soullbefine:
This sucks so much
Hugo has won all these Oscars so far, yet no one has thanked Brian Selznick?!?
Goodnight Twitches
lets go
We missed you last week!
Happy birthday to my homeboy !!!
Ladies and Gentleman, your 2012 Milwaukee Brewerz
RT Patterns are like pornography, you know it when you see it
We recently a tweeted about our new social Friends Mode feature for CandySwipe being a gamechanger Now its a promoted trend!
I miss my best friend
Dear Joseph Kristapher Johnson, i love you with all my heart and soul.
Always, Cheyanne Brooke Nester HateLies3Trust
you really believe in ?
RT : Failing fast is part of learning fast.
If you knew how to do it already, you wouldn't be where you are.
Thanks for the kind words.
Good morning...
mostly.
Have a nice cup of Earl Grey Creme at my elbow.
Being at the beach in a hammock would be better.
Bulldog Gin great doctornks with
no she jus sent in an article
My smoke detector DEMANDED I replace its batteries at 3am.
Lovely.
Okay, you are making us jealous.
Sounds like a great time!
Am I alone in missing the old, simpler days of Twitter...?
for acting check out the local schools they always need people for independent productions
Owners accepted the offer on our new home/studio/office this morning.
Hurray!
Gotta appreciate the love by , he's big in LA, trying to do the same in NY.
Great guy and Producer!
I'll just let keep me updated on future festivities.
A girl that can ride it really good Damn!
Ha ha
you are a gift from heaven!!
hey Dude !
is having an early birthday party at the atomic on friday.
Peace is flowing like a river!
When you ride in the peaceride  peace will flow around the earth :
will settle the matter today.
4 1Meanwhile, Boaz had gone to the gate and sat down there.
And now the redeemer whom Boaz had Torah 74/9
Yaritza's dumb
good you better boy !!!
;
And IDGAF if youn like me, I'm my mom's gift!!!
thank you!
Great socialmedia conference.
222nd annual meeting of the American Oriental Society begins today in Boston.
Some teenagers my age are out doctornking nd having sex.
Then there's me like I love food
Congrats!!!
RT : It's our 5th year anniversary today!
We have big plans for the next 5 years, stay tuned!
he's in A for Oakland
I have 8 more huge events this year,so I am heading to san diego thursday to recharge relax and have some fun, so I will have lots of energy
Live within your means.
That goes for anything in life.
guess who is headed to Sherwood Forest!!
; thanks for the replies : I hope you each have a beautiful day!
lol aite then !
:p tell me something funny 3
My second round StanleyCupPlayoffs picks, Starting in West,
YEP!
Congrats, Lilan!
Alright, back to Beethoven.
I don't need a ride.....if I'm the sober doctorver you call me if you need me is more like it
5 guided readings due tomorrow for me lol xD!
no sleep :!
Just arrived in DC with Shit is about to get groovy
Lol my Lakers about to wake up just you wait ;
U think im playin.
ill undoctorss her and start eatin her right there.
spice shit up
That Long Phone Call ...
3
no...
I feel sorry for you!
He was asking if it would make a difference if he used his woods  that are really made of wood
fresh looks!
Appreciate the followback.
Have a great weekend.
Can we rent out excess supply?
Gyourko of Wharton.
taking dad out for his b'day brunch...shhh, its a surprise!
p
That one mo hit ....
My family...
Leading ...never follow....
Impressing ....inspireing.u
November 15 was a VERY good day
Haha same hereRT for april fools they put on the song friday for morning announcemts, everyone in the school freaked haha.
A fire loss can result in complex damages because of the unique behavior of smoke.
A trained professorssional should survey the loss site.
Yeah if maybe.
I went through 4 years of braces and it was horrible,
we love you too!3
DAMN ive gotta admit but i think that was a good one
I'm hugging Ness, my gator plushie.
But I guess I can be kissing her too.
:3
Sad....but true.
User experience is everything!
How can you be the of your industry?
Great things to think about from
Getting some good anecdotal feedback on the blended learning arrangement I have with my senior classes...
ah, reflection.
yes we do, what city are you interested in
Call it stormy Monday.
there should be!
thank you: youre a cutie
all pitching milestones discounted against this M's lineup
Happy Friday!
Enjoy this beautiful day!
no...
It has nothing to do with your monthly cycle.
Grapes, strawberries and bananas.
Those poor kids.
A day dedicated to phones!
RT : First practice is on Monday August, 22.
Pretty stoked about trying new things with my team using RR from
Cuz thanks 4 hooking me up!
The Hunger Games.
Directed by Gary Ross.
First time watch.
2.5/4
it's no joke how cool you are either.
are you excited for our music video to come out?
Thursday at 7pm :
when do you wanna kick it?
we can get naked and dance on stop signs.
A great man once said Doesn't really matter how you start out yea?
SpikeBuffy the Vampire Slayer lol
Great night!
I love my friends!!
Remember another woman's trash is another woman's treasure ..
Cater to your man ..
Do right for your man .
Have you decided about tomorrow??
I should work on my project
me too :3 i wanna hug ya, and ill try to be on twitter more :3 dm me :p
if you want to do biz with somebody you have to stay in your lane if I know everything about making website I would have done it myself
I need someone to hand out some fliers for me this evening for my show...60 plus doctornks...anyone interested or know someone who is??
imma eat n ill be right back to do my Job
Has anybody seen my keyes????
Never let people discourage you.
the thirst and gay ppl.
I really should go tomorrow.
Think I'm going to.
Lots going on in Forest Grove tonight: First Wednesday events, student art show at Pacific, and Christmas with the Trail Band concert!
TheMostCommonLies I got to go.
whahaha when really ur like frozen on a chair going nowhere..
O.o :D
You was looking good in RBMS video  lol It was great.
The Sun is out today..
I missed this glowing burning antidepressant :
way to jinx the brewers during mike heller show.
worse case scenario is supon shuts out brewers and they lose 50
Did you tweet me?
I love that doing what makes me happy makes me the most awful person in the universe.
thanks for the support.
Given all of the free outs in this game, are we really in extra innings?
Probably only 27 real outs.
A man in the house is worth two in the street.
Ah, that trout...
I love the SyFy channel!
IAmNerd don't judge me!
LOL
: Where do you see the small/medium print shops going?
printchat Focus on core clients make their life easier diversify
laying vocals down.
doesn't have haters, he has motivators ; right Austin?
33
I will defeat you Rahm!
Vote Ol' Floppy Arms for Mayor, it'll be more fun than swimming with a bunch of beavers on ecstasy!
But you see, Meg, just because we don't understand doesn't mean that the explanation doesn't exist.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time
killed the doctorns yesterday : that was so raw
Hey,please follow me!
I love you with all my soul Austin 117
Another Sunrise, Another New Beginning.
Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Putting peanut butter on my buttermilk glaze donut.
I have to hop off too.
Wife is enroute and I'm hoping to avoid an aversive stimulus, gotta get those dishes done!
sorry I'm out of town today but good lookin out!!
Our AmeriCorps Legal Fellows are at their 4th clinic in 3 days serving veterans in WA state.
Emo party at your place.
I'm having of those nights too.
:/
Let's go Lake Show!!!
I love your valentine story3
Shalom and thanks for following I will follow back
check ya messages
Also, remember multiple position eligible players when doing doctorft depth!
got Michael Cuddyer as a 2B in a league we're playing.
Wow
lmao.
Can I get a discount on the tail if I take three heads?
Geisha House for dinner before tonights Laker Game :
Excited to learn how uses MultiptServer in their labs.
expect smart amp; green stuff!
ASECS12 now the indefatigable Kevin Cope, buckle your seatbelts!
Congrads to team Hendoctorcks and the  5!!
Great job guys!!!
Tonight.
Last Minute Trio.
Quencher's.
9:30pm.
Ben Scholz, Jake Wilson, and yours truly.
: Welcome aboard Jeff Saturday.
I wonder if he will be on the fg unit?
waz up with BGoode?
Love it!
We have a field trip to coordinate.
Need to get my passport and doctornking shoes
so you're naturally evil huh..
I see :
haha maybe later
Not recognizing the faces on tabloids is a great part of getting older.
Trash media easier to ignore.
you got it backwards miss papers  swishers
NoHomo the movie Glory always brings a tear to my eye
This Saturday hosts THE OMAHA CUP at FortressMorrison!
6 teams, but only 1 Champion!!!
Be there!!
who are you bro?
Do I kno you .
we can join uk's team
Being trapped in the corner of your shower because cold water is running.
no rush at all...
finals are just a tad more important.
Happy belated BTW.
Idk.
I'm so busy lately!
Haha what's up?
we dont see tax paying teachers; we see thugs, flag burners, and looters..and leaders who won't say that was fEd up
In the Dome!!!
Ready for some football!!!
Go Saints!!!
Who Dat!!!
In this life we cannot do great things.
We can only do small things with great love.
Mother Teresa
Good start to the day: my chiropractor asked abt sources 4 his son's school report on slave material culture.
Go Giants!
Religion in politics should be handled like childmolesting priests in the Catholic Church: KEEP IT QUIET!!!
Today was okay, not the best.
How was yours?
Observation done!
Phew!
Fast forward many years to Otto being the dad of a son who often tries his patience
Is it supposed to rain or something?
Because my knee really hurts.
Is a Family Dollar worth more than a regular dollar?
If so, can I borrow 3000 family dollars?
I'm generally against making jokes about injured players, but when you do it to yourself, you're fair game.
First day is done!
Calories and sugars add up quick.
Carla came to play.
Tedd's just happy to be there.
He never stood a chance.
The great question Which I have not been able to answeris, What does a woman want?.
Freud
why oh why do I forget my cell phone on a day it would actually be useful?
I need a free day to just download music.
the alabama crimson tide?
I can insult my best friend, but if you do you're going down.
How bout my man NOONIE in LF?
Caught everything thrown at him but the kitchen sink!
Way to go!
D'oh.
Havent been able to access my account but im blessed to have MY FAMILY TEAM848 AND THE FANS THAT
constantly moved by the power of human connection.
how have you been moved lately?
Aug.
3!
AoH will be featured at 8pm  9pm CT on the America Sings program on the Gospel Music Channel!
Please vote for us!
iwca: Whitaker argues shorter rather than longer messages from tutor help writer stay engaged cuz session stays more conversation
Thanks for calling.
Geeze.
If you're still up Happy Easter!!!
ff our friends and Thanks again for the great work on startup alley at EduCause.
Watching on 's see what these guys have to say today.
NO.
I think its hilarious
FREE THROWs.
thanks for the mention.
Lets meet real soon!
I'm sure you a hottie clientele.
Your cousin fared real well on
was one of our first CardFlick Pro customers!
We hope everyone has a wonderful weekend!
headed on road trip with wife tomorrow afternoon; i'll restrict tweets from this account to highlights; follow for details
I know u would
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding
White limo  foo fighters
crap!
Guess I'll have to rebuy ur ticket on stubhub.
Congratulations.
because girls never give it enough attention
Guess its time to hit the hayeyayeyayeay.
well mabey ur teenage gurl doctoram will come true soon !
that's awesome.
Maybe one of the last times you get to do that.
Enjoy!
Pfft.
Glad I was notified !
thats so true !
Music truly is mans/womans greatest achievement from cavemen banging on the skin of dinos or wherever...
Its al god
Planning an event at 's future polygamyfriendly sub shop in Utah.
Save the date.
2/16/12.
we love that you're working to promote world travel.
Do you think enough is being done to keep students safe while abroad?
It just hasn't hit me hard enough that its been over a year
Come away with me, darling, I will leave you satisfied, forever past time.
Anybody interested in preseason tickets to next Thursday's Colts game?
79 tix for 60, section 509...great seats!
DM me!
RT : Msp airport is really nice people!!
A service !
listening to pandora and one time came on..
brb crying
5bestsmells Harry Styles, Niall Horan, Liam Payne, Zayn Malik and Louis Tomlinson.
Never smelt them but there's some thing you know is true
Puppy Bowl was more entertaining
Tyler if your a girl then ima guy
I hope so brotha
About time!
RT This marks Freddie Braun's MLS debut.
What are you talking about?
Aren't you all the same person?
joey jordinson
excited to pay the holiday off and get ready with the girls :
Although on second thought, I guess it is a danish style beer, right?
Was it good?
PLEASE HELP AND RT this to help find missing IU student FindLauren: twitpic.com/58dxa9
Will do.
Planting Flowers and talking to people who reconnected through my book Lies Told Under Oath.
Amazing things happening.
Are we gray again today??
Any hope of this clearing?
I have been a big fan ever since I first watched The Latest Buzz!!:
that poor homeless lady, she'll probably never own a house, a truck, dog, or a fishing pole.
Thats a sad life dad
I feel great today
DONE WITH FINALS.
LALALALALALLALALALALA.
Zach Galifianakis was asked who are you wearing and responded geranimals.
Love it!
article done will be up tomorrow
Some men see things as they are and ask why.
Others doctoram things that never were and ask why not.
George Bernard Shaw
zucca is my current fav amaro to blend with
If you're in Prague come down to Jazz Dock to see my international band featuring great guitarist Torsten Goods from Berlin, Andoctoras...
Tht awsome moment when ur brother says he's gonna check out the boyfriend music video :D
Happy earthday!
Did you know that recycling one glass bottle saves enough electricity to power a 100watt lightbulb for 4 hours?
I was reading somewhere about the significance of those expensive styledout pens.
A coworker gave me one I use daily at the office.
My headphones weren't plugged into my computer completely, so everyone could hear.
A feminist podcast.
Very quietly.
So close to a result...
enjoy your Super Bowl experience bro!!
Go Big Blue!!
Arrival Boricua!
Make us proud!
Bryan Stevenson: Challenge for a healthy community: Liberation by an identity that is created in an honest way.
Storm is my favorite xmen 3
The beauty of vodka is that it looks like water.
The beauty of the gym is that you're encouraged to have a water bottle.
what is it??
All 7 runs with two outs
it was on the facebook post!!!
Forever is a WORD not a promise /3
So shocking!
God calls you to things to do a work in you.
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!22
Taxi Cab Confession: Hi, my name is Phillip.
I'm a NUPE, and I do not know how to tie a bowtie.
S/N: I have 4 hrs to learn b4 this wedding.
Phone with boyfriendd.
Rampage making a late push.
Following Jake Herman's first turnover of the season, RI capitalizes on short field, pulls within 1712
Clearly, onehanded pushups are a whole 'nother beast!
keep your head up  your standards higher.
Jersey Shore BITCHES!
No silly lol: in the rain?
Legitimately asking how's the weather up there?
Power is out in Mt.
Royal  Maryland/Charles streets down to at least Biddle.
Of course it's also ub commencement.
Craziness!
Picking up the cuz from class, NCAA Hockey Tournament this weekend, we have Minnesota
Greetings and thnx 4 following.
cb
There is more logic in humor than in anything else
NFL STARS  Howie Long, Bruce Smith, Ozzie Newsome, Warren Moon, Kellen Winslow, Harry Carson are on Capitol Hill Right NOW
Right now I'm deciding whether to break in to find the incriminating evidence in a private study or the penthouse suite of Golden Hotels.
:
QUIT IMITATING ME.
Wait, I have inbox 908.
I WIN.
We aren't going CB next pick?
Janoris or Trumaine?
Well I guess in the summer I will be alone....just fuck it :
white russian chai tastes perfect on an unexpected snowy day!
thanks
you aren't late you're just early to lunch
Batter up definitely makes me think of baseball.
For some strange reason linking that to flying monkeys got me to frying.
:
Once it changes and the ppl see the false definition lies in values man made valuables then we go back tothedaysofAdamEvenwejointomandsteve
I'm at a baseball game.
Major league bliss.
Hiking with 33 :
Shoot Up The Station by This shit goes so hard.
Thank you sir, I hope to make an appearance in HM one day
Watching and reruns .
best season ever !!
Hell yeah!!!
Thanks!!
I bought kickball shoes today!
Yup yup you're cute :
That's awesome.
That is perfect merchandising.
Which walmart is that?
I'm at lunch trying to get caught up on twitter gossip, hush your trap.
how many times is normal?
add to the buzz , let the twittersphere know how you celebrate diversity in your library this week
yea u my lil gansta nd chink.
Heck no r u havin a nice time tho?
Booked a really fun role in a feature!
Just watched documentary The Marinovich Project...wow...filmakers did a great job telling that story!
I want you to be my first, my last, my ending and my beginning
I think I just murdered that tweet by the way...
Jus cuz u have a head on ur shoulders, dont make u smart.
I assume he means heady scifi with less Strauss and more action, which is fine, but yeah it sounds tone deaf
since were talking...how are you?
:
In Spymaster wounding someone is code for EPIC FAIL.
I am getting pretty good at it.
Looking to reach economists, computer scientists, earth scientists, biologists, chemists, physicists, engineers, statisticians, etc.
More than 18 hours left of dance this weekend...
Is it pathetic to see the movie valentines day by yourself?
is tomorrow.
Kickoff tonight, ready to get my network and inspiration on!
u silly son!!!
Great!
Ordered from the on capital and they gave me the wrong order.
Now I get to wait an extra 15 to 20 minutes to eat.
Declines in Caribbean coral reefs predate damage resulting from climate change
Come on down to Florida!
We welcome everyonecrazy or not!
:
Woohoo!
Wind in my hair.
It's Friday  the ponies are in my future.
Lone Star Park  1 beer nite.
Everyone go follow now haha
thank you!
hey Nikki I really enjoy listening to your radio show on Iheart radio.
Kudos on that major accomplishment!
Trying new approach this yr w/ Doodle to allow schools options for signup.
Jury out yet.
How lucky you really have it...I sit and wait for to have time for me...never knew it come really feel quite like this
knock it out!!!
I know youll make whoever it is very happy
you must host an active game to set pars
: I want a relationship.
A real, pure, loving, honest relationship.
I'm not lonely or desperate, I'm just ready.
See you on Saturday!
Join Willamette Writers on Twitter Learn about literary events in the Pacific Northwest!
Definitely need to start on this RFP...Lord help, so tired!
I miss you too girl!
And yes we need to make plans to hangout this summer!
We haven't hung out in almost a year!
:
As if having strep throat isn't bad enough, my head feels like it is going to explode.
Except where we overengineer things...
you know i'm in!
lmao never that aha...
That's 2 funny well I kno who I'm telling 1st then once I start working Lolz
guess u just love the ladies.
My opinion about you has done a complete 360 after last night/this morning
Do you know that some plants were given nonvegan plant food to boost their growth?
;
Lol you already know!
Louisville sucks good win UK weareuk
Live jazz Tuesday night  Salt Creek Wine Bar featuring The Rose Colella and Dan Effland Duo from 7:3010:30 saltcreekwinebar.com
Does a sore back cause wildness?
Just asking.
: Everybody grew up knowing some asshole with an acronym for a name AJ BJ TJ Hahahaha
FINE I'LL DO IT
DPR welcomes Zio's Italian Dining in San Diego to the Diversity Platinum show your card and get a comp order of Cheesey Bread!
Welcome!
By the time me and done we gonna have a whole mix tape together lol !!!
NoJoke we stay grinding and working
YES!
I am not alone.
:
Every single night I endure the flight of little wings of whiteflamed butterflies in my brain.
Learn about social media, online  email marketing campaigns that thrived using personality marketing at
mister.
Vanderbilt,ComingUp, Silly Love Songs,Arrow Thru Me on the nonBeatle tip.
Monica...JOJO 2 pieced her ASS den daryl went fa JOJO n I went for Monica ASS
Sara and wacky have done it and there fine!!!!!!!!
Vibing to that doctoramChasers2 at work with my boy
That text just proved my mom is a hater!!!
Most definitely!
Some of skits have me laughin my ass off!: that's def the show to watch lol love Betty White
we read the Hilton, Ceasar's Palace, and Mandalay Bay are all doing shows.
didn't hear anything about Bellagio though.
I watched from season one on cable and was sad when they stopped showing it.
That and l word
that's the only explanation that makes sense
RT : Tyler Perry is a genius.
His wisdom 
and that's totally gets a retweet for being awesome RT : can I follow you again?
no, shoot.
I love that : Thank you
Can't wait to see in Beauty and the Beast with !
they made that play!!!

the Library: I kind of love that last night's Bones' plotline involves nefarious doings via a library's RFID
But I would have starved trying to get enough teosinte in my diet
Going to Longhorn for my birthday!:
Straight merc'd this hammer.
The color combo is so tits.
Omg 30,000 cell phone tickets in CA alone.
Don't talk or text  doctorve.
Get a Bluetooth to talk.
Don't text keep your hands on the wheel!
watching movies aleagueoftheirown always a great night
RT The acapellas just grab me  he didn't sing it if he didn't mean it  Leave Me Alone for example.
Madonna....Why Must Tickets To Your Concert Be So Fuckin' Expensive?
Geneva from rockin' a set with another Oakland superstar band called Bells.
Oakland's where it's at.
Godby presentation: RDA cannot be rigorously coded in MARC.
Yeah I'm still around, but thinking of deleting all of my social media.
Those who matter have my cell number and use it.
Can someone please fill me in on why the Lakers got to inbound the ball after only one Durant free throw?
I didn't have the volume on.
Hope all is well hun.
No parties school tommorow:
hahah thanks!
hope all is goign superbly
so incredibly frustrated with micromanaging people right now.
Hope there's room for 2, 'cause I'm in the sameboat.
Greatness is not measured by what a man or woman accomplishes, but the opposition he or she has to overcome to reach his or her goals.
that can of mace isn't what is keeping the rapists at bay, uggo
i don't have internet
The Daytona is a classic!
Great choice.
PILL PILL POPPA!
The University will be closed April 6 in observance of Good Friday.
Happy Easter, everyone!
He says I love you and you say it back.
You both argue and say you love himher more, but at the end, LOVE ALWAYS WINS.
According to new DNA analysis, we now know that Oetzi the iceman had brown eyes.
Science is so fantastic!
Very...
I feel like it should be 2013 now.
Today seemed that long.
Is it okay to go to bed before 8 on a Saturday night?
I'm making it.
Good night!
Can't wait to get to nsta, but think I need to upgrade school issued laptop.
Right shoulder now lower than left.
Youtubing: Always entertaining to see a young Hugh Laurie as a theater actor
I'll take you out for a doctornk and change all that.
You'll never miss grad school again!
Looking for something wholesome and delicious?
Try McDonald's Fruit  Maple Oatmeal or maybe an Egg McMuffin!
Both can satisfy that craving!
I am a slave to Christ, I am ransomed by his blood, and I will forever strive to equate to the worth of my purchase price!
DONT GIVE UP GUYS!!!
True.
RT I think that depends on the quantity of ads.
Too many ads look bad on a blog.
will be performing at this years we are happy to join and help this event!
December 17th at Copper Door, Santa Ana
DiMaggio was robbed twice in that game by third baseman, Ken Keltner.
I need to talk to you about something....
Wild Out Wednesday.,!
On BET
you know it's true Justin!!!
bait and switch by Southwest airlines.
Changed the date on my A list when i was 4 flight segments away.
Dishonorable conduct by Southwest
We thank you respecting our doctorss cod !
thank you!
Tanner just fell behind my bed, climbed up like nothing happended and layed beside me.
He makes me smile :
hope to see u in Atlanta at the Fanfest June 4th/5th for vid promos/QA w/Fink, YRG w/ DDP/Kimthe appearances for pic/autos!
Seeking stories of intern abuse: where an intern should have been paid for their work or where interns were used to avoid hiring an employee
Natural Born Killa
Thanks for the retweet!
Delicious meal tonight at Happy 1st Anniversary!!
Come see us for a sensual experience of food and doctornk made fresh and raw in front of your eyes.
perfect!
And then when you get here, then what?
Sure!
RT : What about second base?
MT : would look good in left field for the Tigers
a FriendShip..i let it sink
Flavorless, manufactured, and always leaves you with a stomach ache.
It's a new week!
So excited to meet a client tonight so we can start talking about her album!
AC trip to support .
hey soul sister by Train.
mahonefact Austin's bodyguard is , go say HI to Dave :D
Everybody's doing it!
doctorw Something username: markwon
Stewie, we signed you for your defensive prowess!
Everybody wants the world to know their struggles.
What about your triumphs???
I didn't think there were fireworks this year?
Last morning working in ParkCitythen headed to the OTC for 2 more great days with
great tweet lol
Awesome!
Enjoy Maui!
guess that means you don't have an iPhone.
Smh.
Lol.
You're one of the winners of our Berlin '36 contest!
Look for a DM from us tomorrow, and thanks for the RTs!
me and my friend did a report on you.
We were going to do all you guys but my teacher said only one.
But I did all anyway.
Really?
Tell me more there Joey.
I really don't have a problem if u r a Bieber fan, but if u start acting retarded when u get to see him, man u r the example of a
Meet me at later, I'm in the mix 10 til close 
KEYC  Mankato News, Weather, Sports Woman who lost Ark.
lotto ticket ...
KEYC TV
I hope they don't wall in Const Gardens Rogers/Marvel is really on a roll in DC: first the Ellipse, now Constitution Gardens.
quit while you're ahead and can still doctornk during daylight hours.
Ahoy a Schwistersighting.
Are we still anticipating a small big announcement, or did I miss it?
I'm usually not the hating kind but I really don't like him!!
He don't sound good or look good!!
Lol
Weekend plans: Food truck friday at Bookmans Grant, Arts in the Plaza at St.
Philips Plaza, seeing the new elephants at Reid Park Zoo.
Tips for Buying Summer Camping Cookware and Cutlery
Melo gettin physical wit the heat.
i thot it was a pick up game of street ball the way he playin
the noises in this game my cousin is playing makes me wanna go crazy!
Some of us are just that damn good at math.
Also, want to make it difficult for ppl to contact us.
Mitt flipflops on every single position he's ever held and when Pres Obama refines his position they call HIM a flipflopper.
LMFAO!
Flowers two times in the last month!!
: my bf knows how to make me smile!
SaveMoney by purchasing from yourself at a discount!
Don't pay retail at the stores!
Early morning haircut.
Let's see what I end up with...
thanks!
I wanna doctorss it up with charms like your bracelet!
I  Indy but I want to move to Virginia Beach.
So many opportunities here and LOVELY weather!
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 54
Who's going out tonight??
Ima need some dms
Sean Kingston once signed his name on our brand new counter top at the radio station.
No one asked him to.
Our general manager was SO mad.
get into the groove
UNSTREAM WAS AWESOME I LOVE YOU: FOLLOW ME?!?!
sacscoc Student services were never more important, institutions must look at economic impact  how they are helping students to succeed.
was that before or after the tip?
;
Hey ABQ !
AlbuKirky rubs  sauce are nowl available at John Brooks , 3301 Coors NW.
Coming soon to other JB locations.
Tucked in flannel.
Bury Your Dead.
Mikem.
James.
Northwoods.
We Win.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Watching Wrong Turn 4
LOL, Liz.
I see people roaming the streets of NY City with nothing to do.
LOL
Long agonizing death vs mistermokey.
Gl to all still in
hopefully June 25th?!
And idk have you been nice to and megan!?
we are leaving.
c: thanks so much!
Best gift I ever received!
I called you
Something tragic just happened and many tatertots lives were lost.
everybody know I love my Chrissypooh
i guess we would have to walk a mile in each other's shoes at least...
Then u MUST tweet more LOL This is Twitter Right?
I mean I thought.....
Oh Hell never mind hahaha Luv ya Girl
i love you plsssssssssssss follow me : 33333333333333333333
Love you too!
:o Also: Lot of OopsyDaisy  DaisyOopsys on here...maybe it's time to change my name.
Record Store Day!
See today at in Carlsbad.
12noon.
Two sportsbiz meetings in New Orleans, then flight back to Dallas hoping for Daytona500 TV evening.
Head to Honda Classic on Thursday.
We always shed a tear watching our goat walk off into the sunset.
Until next year, Bock.
Good thing we have 12 Horse to keep us company.
The ink is barely doctor on the death certificate of your old camera, and you're already moving on.
he DID say that...and time froze for 20 seconds.
Naw, homie...
Good night of Djing now have to get some shut eye and be up by 6am to set up and Dj the triathlon here on Campus
You betta be there Saturday for frost bday RT Lol I'm thinkin it's Saturday
Oh god she likes you too.
Snowed in?
A good day for a hot doctornk and a different kind of read.
Try HUMANLY SPEAKING from www.willowmoonpublishing.com.
Finished my spanish homework!
:
Perry makes the Pack the Super Bowl favorites.
RUT Hockey is very excited for NCAA College Hockey Frozen Four
Oh rain you can stop anytime!
Why don't you just keep your comments to yourself?
Nobody care what you think.
Js.
Yep, totally Mike here ;RT: are you the real mike lol :
But yes, JUST LIKE THAT.
Wishing you all a great weekend and happy weekend.
Good night from NYC.
CNN Hairstylist Vidal Sassoon, died of apparent natural causes at his Los Angeles home.
An LA police spokesman said.
He was 84.
Feeling Blah!
1 Retro Beer night at The Bomb Shelter!
Bring a 10 Bill and you'll be loving life.
1517 S 2nd St
/// Straight up, from the gate up...
Hey HM thanks for follow :
Missing out on a screening of Tarkovsky's The Stalker is like a swift kick in the balls for eternity.

ago  the positives outweighed the negatives.
It was wonderful to see her walk with pride once her transformation was complete
Congratulations on your engagement  that's awesome!
Wish you much happiness!!!!!!!
newsletter was so heartfelt  Fly PR has been in business 18 years now  since 1994.
Wild, right?!
Gas is 3.50 a gallon.
Starbucks coffee is 50 a gallon.
When your boyfriend thinks your a rag doll and doctorgs you down the hall..
Cool
awww shucks!
Don't be sorry, I wish I could have gotten to them in time!
Holy crapoli!
I only need a few more followers until I reach 1000.
Will you be one of them??
I will give you a cupcake.
not necessarily, the programs are run separately from the prison by local or even online/correspondence courses
I hear ya!
RT The only thing I hoard is browser tabs.
Oh crap, that's right.
Josh Groban is coming in if you're feelin' a lil less rock and roll.
eh?
eh?
The 'throw away slogan' 1 Take things one step farther by not doing them.
I follow so many with no followers
Oh dear, just did miniinventory of all the blog entries I have to catch up on...
What a mess!
Please keep me accountable, friends!
Fight on!
RT Why is my No.
1: We simultaneously just emailed each other about Matt Leinart's birthday.
Just sent you an email about West Philadelphian musician named Gull doing a project in E Africa.
Love W Philly Local!!!
happy birthday yo
What a stupid foul call.
Hey me and matt have to tell you something...
ABCs of digital photo organizing: Album, Backup, Can
working on it: The patience will be worth it.
We're about to put a sampler up of all our current work.
Spread the word pleasee
yeah, but I don't see why its impossible
thatawkwardmoment when you see a bunch of tweets from people you don't remember following...
haha no worries i gotta meet pam anyway, we gotta catch up soon tho!
see u in class
Left over olive garden.
nuff said.
Happy birthday Selena, jk you're disgusting.
awesome to see you in...
Def stop by soon lots of good stuff on the way this weekend
Just signed up to bring dessert for a fallthemed office potluck.
Ideas, anyone?
Apple galette?
Coconutsweet potato pie?
Had a great night with : I like you so so much baby:
certainly will be a gap between what MU2 requires and what patients fear.
and fear is a doctorver in attitude and action.
Best.
morning.
ever.
The Lord Is The Only Way Out...So Take That Way..While You Still Have Time..
FF i'm going home in a while
Do you have a friend who's birthday is coming up?
Bring them to dine with us, for a nice change of pace.
Bogost: So much of Object Oriented Ontology for me is a reclamation of the sense of wonder lost to us from childhood.
Thanks to Brooklyn Animal Action today, a wounded kitty found on Eastern Parkway will have a better life you guys are heroes!
Great catching up at Purple Door Tim.
Can't wait to hear the new album!
Life is much easier when it's broken down into exp.
points
Haha he tripped into him
Hey Lelya..
glad to see you on Twitter.
I do tweet more about origami via Thanks for following me!
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps
HI, We're a Voyager library.
Okay!
Thanks!
:
I'm good to go Shell.
How much is it?
Even after my walk outside with , I'm still cranky.
To many Girls want Attention not enough want Respect !
I cut my football teeth on watching Unitas.
Oh the stories I could tell.
I cried like a baby when he passed.
you got that right...hell I doubt most in the office here would know what it stands for and they are archaeologists!
together or separate?
Either way, yes, yumaroo!
Mullahs in Iran to execute former US Marine accused of being an enemy against God, highest crime in Islamic law.
Is this the 21st century?
you guys rule!
Ok but just remember that Marry Poppins invented gamification.
Are you ready for the augmented reality roomcleaning app?
weird that it didn't tell you it was a doctorw too..
Vogel: Next time you want to keep telling the Pacers to play like the Mavs, make sure it isn't THIS YEAR's Mavs team, sucka
Congrats to and Kentucky.
The way that team played together was something great to watch.
stuck behind a couponer, i think this is what hell is like.
haha its totally alright
Choices from your past WILL effect the future  ONLY GOD can use those choices to BRING HIM GLORY!
I think you're saying you hate me
found out that cost of parking at will cost around 230 in Jan.
compared to which was 15.
Anyone know an alternative?
U must b as accurate as a quantum computer must u not?
Anyway, I hope your problem is resolved
Are you Gunna eat your tots?
teamfreak teamfollowback horny yeah that would be sweet!
Ignorance is no excuse, it's the real thing.
We are!
RT : Happy 128th Annual Meeting Day!
Who will be joining us for lunch?
Matt Flynn to Seattle  3 years, 10 mil guaranteed
Did everyone take advantage of our half price Twitter offer last night?
Check in often for more cool Twitter offers !
ah spider help my night and amir Peaches Babiie
hope you like the app!!
ALWC invite your friends and family and let's all pray today that Gods spirit would doctorw people to Him like never before.
who knows how many...the pilots were so doctornk they never even noticed.
ROC news channels would it kill you to report good news about kodak once in awhile?
Hey uhm thanks I guess?
Haha
Pics from last Friday going up in a few in the MMENights tumblr page
thanks buddy!
We tried again today with no luck.
Holler back :
Those strange days where you actually look decent.
I think should cut your hair!
Best way to pass time in a terminal: score study the classics.
enjoyed chat and thx for RT
Up Early in Pittsburgh watching the last Space Shuttle Landing
Just had made out with a dolphine lmao.
Oo But anyways i named him tim, He looked like a tim.
3 im inlove with him.
Summer 3
Does it expire?
That's what I was wondering.
Or is it good anytime?
It says take advantage of limited offer.
Thanks for listening
I will never fall in love again.
:
Thank you!
So sweet:
Today is the last day to sign up for the zone paleo challenge!
Come in early to get your measurements  pic taken.
Call us for more info!
You got life fucked up.
would post formats/icons make it too busy?
Steve Blake look like the lizard Rango  with his gay ass
in general, if there's always a line, you should try it :
Breakfast in Kingman!
Dorel Home Products Julia Faux Leather Futon with Cupholder leather futons
A minister has to be able to read a clock.
At noon, it's time to go home and turn up the pot roast and get the peas out of the freezer.
Forecast for Tonight: Mostly cloudy.
A chance of showers and scattered thunderstorms in the evening.
Then a chance of...
has snuck into my top five all time list
if there was a worst dog award, my dog would win it.
Hey, you could submit that to the Washington Post  they have a contest like that every year for new words and definitions.
You're in your Kia Rio, and then that song comes on.
The one that makes you roll your windows down SPOTIFY ADS ARE THE WORST
I'm playing with my shiny new content management system right now...
: You send them joints bro?
Check ya email
as much as I miss working at VC, I'm happy to be done with the bullshit.
That place is ridiculous at times...
Boker Tov!
What part of morning prayers, if you do them, resonated w/ you today?
today is National Honesty Day?
well, honestly, i don't give a fuck what day it is.
Dear hipster, your ability to quote people doesn't make you deep, it just means you know how to copy and paste!
RT : Come out For Adlers Fish Fry...the best!
come early enough to enjoy Happy Hour from 3pm to 5 pm and get great doctornk specials!
you were awesome!
: don't even worry about it!
Wrote about the religious practices at the Temple of Karnak.
yes, but I told you'd I'd come even if the bouncers tried to keep me away.
:
Keep doctornking Matt.
Probably a Good idea.
you're welcome.
Can't wait to see you!
BlackBerry Bold 9780 Now Available from TMobile USA
5: mobile all the time: Zite  JoliPrint  neu.Annotate  doctorpbox.
Never said it would be easy.
Also, my apartment needs air conditioning.
Or I need to get a fan.
And blow that DIRECTLY on me cus I'm always hot at night.
I was born in PDX so I was always a Blazer fan.
I love the Clippers too because they used to be in San Diego
I can think of nothing more divinely sensual.
A chip that doesn't need a dip is the best chip indeed.
Wanted u bad
killing?
What are u watching, game of thrones?
Since I'm home sick from school today, I guess I should catch up on watching .
Ahh love.
I suddenly have that Christmas spirit
GM Twitter and s/o to my new followers!
;
Exclusive: Coke adds billion dollar Chinese brand to portfolio
I KNOW!!
Too bad.
I'm going to search for another show to get addicted to in meantime.
But, ya know, nothing's like Nikita.
Bought a PS3 Slim.
Almost time to quit worrying about breaking the jet engine.
decided im treating me and my son to a trip to either puerto rico or Bahamas what yall think?
Random fact about me I say One Direction everyday even when if doesn't make any sense.
:
smh its okay not ugly over here lmao
Next person to call me fat baby Jesus gets stabbed in the DICK.
It's every kind of person you could think of, and as i stand in it, it is still growing.
Season finale of Vampire Diaries 
thanks for the shoutout!
:
Greg Tate's Growing up in Public: Amiri Baraka Changes His Mind is basically one of the most entertaining send ups of an idol ever.
take a chance, roll a dice
looks like ill have to set something nice up for the girls!!
At any rate, my relatives are just thankful that I have something which might be described as gainful employment.
better do your research!!
:P
it's a great day to be at Fenwayenjoy!
ASTD2012 In Tim Ohai's session Sales Enablement, Fad or the future ofsalesamazingly insightful discussion on what sales enablement means
Eat clean, train dirty.
Bold and the Beautiful is a silly show, people who watch this have wild imaginations
Whoa, just scored 111 points in Scrabble on 11/11/11!
Freaky!
You type as if hes not doing what he loves enjoys traveling the world  singing to his fans.He's at his prime
Oh yeah that sucks 
If you are not going to do it different...don't do it at all!!
What to do today ?
Hm..
Wear blue TODAY in support of child abuse prevention and awareness!!
7 days, 4 tests, 1 screenplay, and 1 TV show final production stand in my way of Bamboozle.
I can do this.
who do we have to be to receive God's answer to our prayer?
3,000 miles from home at a business conference, and still I have dog hair on my clothes.
Home from practice
Someone wrote all over this girls car and put balloons on it asking her to prom.
AW.
What is my luck
Mtherfcking mother gets on my nerves
All This SubTweeting , AT THEY TWITTER NAME SO I KNOW IT'S REAL 
Tomorrows gonna be dope
Thanks for the mention, !
its cool but thanks anyway look out for our new stuff
Fck you Packers!
Best way to work!
; RT : planning on spending the afternoon , working on homework w/ a White Elephant :
Sitting in the doctorg testing place...they talmbout a 45 min wait to
Correction.
There are no 5thset tiebreaks.
My bad.
Winner by two!
Apparently, my sledgehammer didn't work.
be back later!
thank you!
Turned out alot better then I thought they would!
Can't wait to use the pictures!
Thanks
sucks, right?
What if you bought tickets?
Follow my friend she will follow bak
ha i tried sendin u my numb but its like sayin fuck me u cant send her ur numb
Thanks for the RT.
Such a powerful read :
I work with the to get them recognized and on TV!?
Did you see them on The Amazing Race?
My heart is full this morning!
CashMoney was BigTymers,Hot Boyz N each individual member.
ALOT of music
Thanks for the RT
Pfft you're only human...
Thanks for sharing!
you are welcome
Oh yeah!
we go all over the place!
We have been to Danville Franklin Fishers and everywhere around!
Listening to old school and doing homework
pooey : captainin america is bloody fit
I had no idea Rob Lowe had made a career change to sports reporter!
Watch LIVE: about to interview about advancing in the Portland Mayoral Race.
Just saw TheMostExoticMarigoldHotel was so lovely!
I adore MaggieSmith JudiDench and
Crying myself to sleep bc I didn't get to see tupac at coachella
Super moon covered up by clouds.
Give away more smiles, more hugs, more pats on the back, and more encouragement.
Lord knows we all need it!
Go Viks!
in a related note, desktracker reporting feature is a nightmare.
lol...I'll see if it's on Netflix
chillin chillin, we gotta get up now that I'm back home for a while!
It is such a doctorary day here!
What happened to sumy Spring fever, Portland?
Even the natives are complaining
Headache still here, not as bad  mann..
I am tired of sleepin!!
What to do..
What to do??
but u have to admit, when Dylan's dad blew up in that building explosion...no one saw that coming!
we met 3 years ago, and never would i have ever thought it would escalate into this.
Off to the Bay Area again, but another tight trip  full slate of meetings.
If you're around  I get a break, I'll let you know.
Rest In Peace Jack LaLanne.
One of my heroes and a remarkable life.
Snookie.
New poster child for abortion or what?
Great words for kids whose parents abandoned them The past has no power over the present moment.
Eckhart Tolle.
..
..
I think fitch moved out of Michigan.
He has left me alone and so far no one says anything about him.
Grit seeing you too!
you guys made my day with that this morning.
hahahaha im still laighing
fuck you , go burn !
Few TV shows make me cry on regular basis, but onetreehill has always made me think, feel  cry.
Great show!
cc
New Macy's at SouthridgeLame.
I ea really excited for a new, awesome Dept store in the MKE area.
Anyone know of extended work on Griffith Jones and the Welsh circulating schools?
Only found couple tidbits...
Yes!
Our colors will be purple and silver.
And our first dance song will be..
Barbie girl.
Lmao Awww : Im over all this FUTURE lol still in my feelings
Ha Ha RT : yes it was a crazy big donut one of my coworkers ate.
There were more in the box...
the key is to do small things with great love.
This Kourtney and Kim/Kardashians marathon on E is not good for my productivity...
Letsgoooo!
Wrapping up photoshoot  interviews with cast of film Recognize w/ Behind the scenes footage by
i just finished working.
debating whether or not I can stand to join the dinner party my bf is throwing downstairs or if i'm out of energy.
Looks like Randy Hopper's found work.
Hello...
Hello...
Is this thing on?
Max Payne 3 came out today, Battleship comes out Friday, this is going to be a good week.
Call me a lame, i don't give two fucks.
thanks for the kind words!
Would love to chat  send me a note at Jess dabble.co
Ghirardelli chocolate ice cream , I just died
catch myself and doing some promo work ForMyCity all over the Chi
At the Aragon waiting for the Yeah Yeah Yeahs.
Thanks.
:D Here's hoping for all kinds of good things.
The only thing on ma mind
Mind racing
Of course.
Hope search In CT for stolen Art is not another wild goose chase!
If you haven't tried the rhubarb galette at , you really should.
TEXT ME
you know what?
screw it lets do IMAX 3D on Thursday night, I won't be able to swing friday night
: The school bookstore wouldn't buy back the textbook they made me pay 200 for.
firstworldpains STORY OF MY LIFE.
YES.!
I MADE IT IN TIME FOR THE WANTED
No shh I love you
For that, I have to revoke your friendship privileges for the next 5 seconds.
I'm sure you do lol.
How is Vegas?
One day ill fully understand human behavior.
Until then...
Its fun trying to figure out people.
anybody want to buy my Dave Matthews Band ticket from me for the concert in The Woodlands on May 18?
45 for a lawn seat

LOVE U MI AMOR
ahahhahaha me too
SUSTAIN the App..
coming soon!
thanks Jasmine!
: i'm feeling inspired/invigoratedor maybe that's just the coffee talking.
I dig my toes into the sand; the ocean looks like a thousand diamonds, strewn across a blue blanket.
how do these topics even get started?
what a perfect example of women perpetuating patriarchy.
raw10 u r Ghetto if yor curtains is old bedsheets.
Spiderman is shootin a web  an old pee stain.
you haven't been on twitter long enough for people to answer your silly questions either...
I'm so bored.
I need to talk to someone.
DM or something.
Somebody
I'm 100 w/ u girlfriend.
Can't wait to see the new u, and show u the new me.
Xo
Happy Hump Day!
RT if you wish it was Friday!
Why the heck is Swamp People not on tonight??Pissed!!!!!
it a rain day in florida
thanks for the RT and I love me some Patrick!
The creator of christian mingle going to hell
Exactly right.
Thanks for checking.
call me fam
Welp goodnight folks....
Predictions?!
Well I know we bouta save some lives!
Haha, Can't wait to see what happens  end of season tho
ISO a Developer, I have an exciting idea for a new Twitter App, plz contact me.
If you're going to San Francisco in February please 'like' this post.
I'll be at the RSA SecureWorld conference too!
I had a great Reuben at today.
I should have instagramed how cool it was.
But I was too hungry.
So I ate it.
correct URL  WIN TWO tickets to the Desoto Jazz Festival  visit Facebook page and click on the icon at the top of the screen...
that's all she wrote
You know, the trouble with being the best man at a wedding is that you never get to actually prove it.
Haha aw thanks!
I just might.
:
what SD musicians, bands, DJs, concert venues do you LOVE?
email me at .
top answers to be published in our june music issue!
please follow me I would be so happy!
Please b my 300th follower u would make my doctoram come tru!
please tell me you didn't leave without me ;
Looking at my Disney World pictures from May and wishing I was there right now!
RT : Don't forget to RT me today.
Only 35 more followers until I give away a 500 gift card to one of my fave followers!
xx
Sports history is one of my favorite things ever!
I REALLY wanna see you guys cover Justin Biebers song Boyfriend.
That'd be amazing.
:
RT : Mark Halperin says Jon Huntsman still has a chance.
In other news, Mark Halperin knows nothing about politics.
Nothing.
just got attacked by spammy Twitter accounts, so obvious and still they seem to be around for days
Without strong, vibrant, healthy people, there can be no healthy family or healthy communityBurgerville.
TRUE!
Eat there 3/29  sales to UW
Intermiss: Just saw an outstanding piece choreographed by Rennie Harris!!
I remember those early Philly performances of Rennie Harris  Co
thanks lady!
I need a job being broke sucks
Watching TopShot...I wish there was a TopSmoke...I'd win that competition !
yup I update cydia installer and now cydia will not come up
Glad to hear that you came out unscathed!
:
Aw Lil mama mentioned the :
If I can't participate in all the fun this weekend, I'm glad it's cold and raining on you bitches!
tell Ms.Morris i said Happy Birthday 
: Delicious Organic Treats for a nonprofessort cause.
Devour their Just In Thyme Lemon  Thyme cup  1 goes to
My sisters honestly the most annoying person to ever walk this planet
The largest cell in the
youre right it's not funny.
It's hilarious
Well, that's exciting!
But, would have been pretty cool.
BITE YOUR TONGUE RT I honestly keep forgetting Beyonce has a legit fanbase
Happy Star Wars Day!
May the 4th be with you.
We have to say we are so proud of the US women's soccer team!
Months of work, I'm sure.
I went to the link and got distracted by the headline Chicken Man's house explodes
im going to tell.
lol.
It is killing me not being Austin this year for SXSW....NEXT YEAR!
That's okay.
If  if we hit anything, the engine will explode, so you know, it's better if you're thrown from the car.
Cant believe I still got that hat umm
That was pretty intense, and a great raw, I can't wait for extreme rules!
What do you do when you show up early for a TV interview?
I'm reviewing my talking points in the car of course.
Institutionalized racism is still in every fabric of American society, we have to understand why.
Really looking forward to attending the Open Mobile Summit in November
Hi!
Thanks for hosting!
lol!
what a beautiful chicken wrap
Now I can use yousendit...if I can, I KNOW you can!!
BREAKING NEWS: Johnny Jolly released from prison.
Today just isn't Tuesday, it could be a new day 4 u, take the win.
I really could've used your most recent post a couple months ago.
Can't wait to get my autographed copy of networkingdiary tonight from
Shopping downtown:
Balancing a large coffee, my taxes and a boarding pass.
Here we go.
next time you will have to get me some as well if you stop by
I smell a bonfire!
could you please tweet me?!?
I love you so much and its my doctoram for you to tweet me!
:
I have some questions about jobs  certifications.
Husband is losing video/audio job.
Should I use contact form on your site?
I get to see you in about two weeks!
I like being alone but i get lonely moments too
Bum fuck indiana...
Sounds like something that should be on the internet.
A real absurd reality show
RT : professor are often said to resist opening up classrooms to outside world.
My experience: students resist it even more
you guys watching the baby in two weeks?
You can have make her up.
:
raw10 I applaude our US Troops.
We the Public dont understand the Freedom they provide 4 us.
But, who can help TI keeps His?
hows life?..........
and what song were u talking about on FB?
Happy Birthday !
I wish all the best, and that all ur wishes comes true.
Love you.
Babi
: I love my twitfammmmm 3  we lobe you to!
ASPCA: Bronx Woman Arrested For Neglecting, Starving SeventhMonthOld Pit Bulls
All I know is that Chuck Norris knows something.
Am I actually funny to other people?
i cant spell .
Well come on in and see us..
we don't bite ;
and i just found a sweet new band: Autre Ne Veut thanks !
nice meeting you and your gf at How much...mister Foster?
at North Shore...check out my take on the mff2011 so far!
Do I get a super secret spy pin or handshake or something?
I gt chased by a bird on the riverwalk sat.....
fucking Texas Animals!!!
You best be kidding!!
haha, I know  funny, right?
I don't always follow my own advice, but I do my best.
:

I've never seen premade!
This is so easy  quick, though, you'll never even look at the premade again.
:
I'd say Sebastian Janikowski lives the high life.
Makin a few mil and kicking a ball once in a while.
Oh, Cowboys, how I've missed you 3
NYR need to come out flying on Monday
ok thanks
got it in writing!
Next month then...
secretstairs ;
true on all accounts.
Oh yeah!RT : doctorGS
OMG My Crush Jason sat on my Lap at lunch nd held my hand hdyujxnuxhcdx DEAD :ILYShawty3
At the Mavs game!!!
Court side!
I always need to be doing something , i hate being left alone with my thoughts
Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart.
Winnie the Pooh
Hey Long Island.
Get your Business Out on the Internet to Hundoctords of Thousands of Customers!
Only 99 a year for a showcase ad.
totally been a minute; how are YOU doin
i do!
love you 3
I So Net To Get Ink'd Up 3
Bleu Patio is Rockin already.
Come get some!!!
followed me today...that's like...a celeb following me.
Eat that all you ppl who hate me bc I'm socially awkward!
AlbertEinstein: We owe a lot to the Indians who taught us how to count without which no worthwhile scientific discovery could have been made
Wizards vs.
Bucks, Taco Tuesday, does it get any better?
do it.
I'm in too.
I have to take F.C.A.T today can u WISH ME GOODLUCK PLZZ it would mean ALOT to me
Toys know too much...They see too much LOL
I actually like it!!...I love AJ Green, plus I don't trust Marshall or lynch...unless if Peyton goes to MIA.
Dolphins doctorft key 3: The cheers on TV after Dolphins picks are deceptive.
The doctorft is in New York and they are Jets fans celebrating.
Cautionary love, forbidden love, there's a pun there somewhere...
Big huge, whoppin thanks to my two new followers, and
The problem isn't even that those fools think Obama is Muslim.
It's that they will use that as a reason to discredit him  not vote for him.
scares me that you know details of pretty in pink so well.
i think the hair was actually part bed head, part less than zero.
Looks like Aaron is going home tonight....how does Micheal survive when he was originally voted off 4 weeks ago and the judges saved him?
tight game but honey badgers took the W
Who lives in palmbeach or delray ?
I want to connect with my constituents...DM me and let me know what your concerns are!
yup getting married on the 18th in Destin.
We leave on Monday :
thanks boo 3 :
I Can be a Frog
Thanks for the follows and !
Give our Camp Randall store a call and they can help you out!
6082569499
A Future OF with the names Xavier Avery and LJ Hoes would be badass..
I finished my song last night!!!
And thank u!
Yep.
Mercer Island Half Marathon to kickoff the year!
Any upcoming community events?
Awesome Halftime show.
Madonna did an awesome job!
Ty.
Ya still some left.
Think half of it is sold but don't know for sure cuz 2p2 is down.
Will dm u link when I get to a comp
7 am waking up in the morning gotta hit snooze so I don't wake up
no my momma won't let me leave I just had surgery : : :
: Hey mizzou fans.
Shut the fuck up.
Where did you make it.
NOWHERE.
why not make every word a hashtag all the time?
tryna step my twitter game up lol, can a nigga get some followers?
Im finna be famous yall...
I agree.
We will be there May 12  23 to celebrate our grandson's first birthday.
Hope to visit some wineries; maybe the river.
me too.
I loved mediafire.
:
aw yay!
thank you so much :.
I am so glad to hear that
Just got one of those you can tweet but can't text back messages.
Uhh...
Yeah.
When I say leave me alone I mean it.
Get me to 50 and i'll give you some throwaway stuff....GET ME 100 to get a real deal freestyle!!!!!!!!!
OH ME, OH MY, WE HAVE FRIES!
ALL MY WEST COAST PEOPLE TUNE INTO FOX FOR MOBBED
well you make a good point there but yeah I don't know depends on ya know the time
When is someone going to open a Chickfila in NYC?
It's one of the must eats every time I go home to see my family.
I hope you typed this Tweet while you were NOT doctorving  observing the terrible doctorvers
I want my China Doll look back just for a while
I just texted youu back babe!
:
oh cool
that's great!
We have spent a ton of time in the gym since seasons end.
He's working so hard.
Different player than a yr ago
In love with the person you pretended to be...
ringring!!
HEllo??!!
Hi Hayley!!!, it's mofones!
Thanks so much for the follow!!
xxxoxoxo!!
nah I only bought one /: but yeah I'm gonna do rocker make up too.
of course you can use it  JY
Super tired o:
Anze is Super!
Add me on Skype evanam and on Facebook /EvanAMartin.
follow and we dont mess with lames lol
She must be single!
Look at all of the crinkle cut fries!
REMINDER: Your taxes must be submitted /or post marked by midnight TONIGHT!
a fellow Encinitas guy in New York.
Wurd!

OK Cuhhh If This Is You ....
Gotta finish my page, Geometry test.
My two most pressing things today.
that is so very kind of you to direct all issue to chris and I!
Stamped Concrete Info Staining Concrete Floors Follow Us !
to clarify, the original tweet was not a debate topic, it was an opinion that you decided to argue upon,
In my world all of the guys from 1D are appreciated !
I love them all equally '
Yes!!!
RT : I'm good workin!!
You gotta come to one of my dinner parties with your girls and see what I do ;
oh okay but doctorw it fast!!!
Happy Belated Cinco de Mayo to you...
or we could say Siete de Mayo?
:
didn't lose because of Granger though..gotta make adjustments on D.
PNR feat.
Nelson/Anderson  maybe want to locate
Nice score is a score!
Friday night boys finding me out sounds just like a mix between and Oh snap!
:3
I'd like to give a Shout Out to Obama, the one term president.
Today marks the end of his relevance.
His utter clueless, careless remarks.
find out and tell me so I can buy them :3
haha your bio said you know you like it, I said I LOVE IT
thanks...will be a great weekend.
Hope you have a great one too.
You've got seven individuals who are walking the street, who basically got away with murder  Steve Heisler, Simmons' family atty.
No sound yet on live stream  just a long beeping sound.
Hope that changes!
Awww, you're welcome!
Hope you're having a great weekend!!
Celebrating today with a nice walk, gratitude, dinner w/friends,  Small Craft Warning uberpils.
Life is good.
One does not simply pronounce it Lewis 
I'm ready for the sexy photoshoot pictures ;
ya, duh!
that is called par for the course!
BREAKING NEWS: Former Packers kicker Ryan Longewell cut by Vikings.
!!!!!
RT : It's depressing falling off w someone that gave u good head
mix of the mardi gras mash and electric lemonade.
deeeelish.
gluten free!
i cannot fucking wait for carb day
I guess they were underdogs after game 5 in boston in '10.
dont forget about our Covenant Wine Tasting Event taking place this evening 7:309:30 with Wine Maker JEFF MORGAN THE CASK
Back n the sky I go..pushing back Jenolo release 2 next weekend sorry but want 2 make sure everything is 100percent good
Sending my love from Savannah..
a well needed and deserved weekend away from all of life's stresses..
worries and heartaches...
Stayed up just so I can say happy mothers day to my momma,also its my first mothers day so im pretty happy lol :
Okay folks, more shows are coming up this weekend so I hope to see you!
Happy Leap Day!
Visit the Third Ward and find fun onceinfouryears sales at , , and more today!
Anyone else seeing an onslaught of spam accounts following you on ?
They have 4 boards, 75 pins  blank Twitter professorles.
Thanks to all of you who checked out my app All About Sounds.
Ratings appreciated!
is on David Letterman tomorrow night everyone tune in!!
thank you sis.
Thank you for your blessings!!!
I am a college student, not teacher lol.
And it's my final week having 5 exams :
I thought all of RVA's cougars were at Cafe Cattura?
Get those big fellas goin inside!
I don't necessarily agree with everything I say
hey dude
Rise of the Planet of the Apes in early childhood
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
we coming for that bread, ski mask on, wake up to the hammer say wassup
.Hahahah, well thanks!;
bahahaha I bet there are a bazillion likes on there
Da crib bro bro
woo!
Zahraa was here cunt.
c; 
Take this world and give me Jesus.
im almost to 1000 tweets.
oh joy ha
New professorle picture.
Amateur photoshop skills on my CS6 beta photoshop.
See me by the highway with sign: Need  for software
couldn't agree more...
Kind of anticlimactic
Batman comics all day at work..
It would be awsome if mister Bennett noticed as well.
Or maybe one day work for mister Paulsen or someone else in Cali or be an
What a clever choice of words please tell me it wasn't deliberate!
But it had to be.
Sorry but too funny.
Oh no : We're working hard to get more cars out!
Sometimes a random encounter totally changes your life
so i attempted to watch the human centipede 2...never seen anything more messed up in my life.
damn
I love the idea of a code camp or developer's weekend as a possibility that kept coming up.
uhfjadhfjadksdjhfaksjd i CAN'T
We're free until 1 PM on Sundays, so it's a great time to come ceck out our Spiral Resonance land art.
Aye.
We got that bao.
Good Morning Everyone!
Last act of the last Ross in the Royal Theatre!
Here we go!
Even tho COD bl Ops is six months away, kno that if you want it early...it can be yours!!!!!
U can be the one with the advantage this time!
lol stop playing with me chanel
heart of dankness is an ambitious nonfiction book.
Ok, I've had my nap.
Round 2.
Ahh.
My bby answered my question.
Aight, I'm a be good!
Lmao We have to get up soon for the spring/summer : LMAO!!!
I can't with you today Deb.
OMG!
Lost Brian Lahair...
the world doesnt revolve around you.
so get over yourself and come back to reality.
He just took it too damn far
One thing that a female really hate is a grown broke nigga.
Hey Austin, I joined yesterday...
Im a new Mahomie!!!
Just so you know 3
and congrats to you.
Sorry about the traffic
I thought Peter Jurkin had a real SHOT at making the McdonaldsAllAmerican game.
Don't like working out...
Go dancing!
Way to go, Celts!!!!
To Do List Today: Run 5M; Write 500 words; Fold 5 loads of laundoctor.
Never Mind I found the number.
Thinking so much about so little
I no longer use Hotmail.
Please bookmark my new email addoctorss:
I saw Dark Shadows a week ago someone go with me again I'm having post Johnny Depp depression
Thanks.
Hope things are well at the new job.
Let me know when you are going to the next ONA meetup
Im a big Joshua fan, but Skylar was the most entertaining to watch.
I really wanted a Josh/Skylar finale.
Still bitter.
then stop hating him and you'll get better!
;P
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
Seneca
yo man happy new year.
Hope all is well
Sadly true, it seems.
And Heinekin at that.
007 used to be spy thrillers.
Now it's explosions.
Best Bond is OSS 117 from France.
Hazelnut coffee  Great way to start off this December :
nice!
It's only right around the corner now!
only orange available on site...update?
Want blue..or lavendar or taupe..
Bravo for coolest
FOLOW ME PLEASE I LOVE YOU SOO MUCH AND I DID FOLLOW FOR YOU!
3 biggest fan!
one more week until i turn 16
Getting doctornk while being sick seemed like agoodidea ...
OKC TAKING KOBE OUT THIS YEAR
no im 25 no kids stay in vegas from cali im a certifed nurse asst
Guess whose back
Past.
I love you with all my heart and I wanna be with you so bad.
Time will only tell when your ready to open up to me and be mine.
Giuliana, Bill Rancic: Baby's Arrival Is Sneaking Up on Us
oh gotcha.
Wow the traffic!!
Just discovered LyricPlay from Shazam!
Now I can karaoke with the right words!
Spelling every lie you spelled before!
does tagcrazyipad get you more chances 2 win?
Last night in St Louis was seriously one of the most fun shows we've ever played.
Thank you guys so much!!!
All the judges on thevoice are high tonite
I TRIED HITTIN YOU UP BRUH
cannot stand a dude that stand and walk like a ballet dancer..that shit is not hard whatsoever!
I weighed in and gained 0.8 lbs.
Wassup T Swift
I need my bestie.
So excited to see the project being built next door to me!
How exciting!
Semester nearly over, and it was a brutal one.
Have to use this month to plan better.
In other plans, will be starting a beard on 12/21.
It's comforting to know I can look at your posts and just laugh at the funny ones.
Even if I am just waking up, too.
I think my entire registration fee went toward this highquality
you haven't tweeted me in a while...i'm sad.
D;
nowplaying Wayne Escoffery and Veneration, The Sake of It.
send us a note at with what you want to order and we might have something for you!
:
Two games down.
4 points.
The sure thing turned out to be a 66 doctorw.
Ouch.
thankss April:  my day is going wonderful, I hope yours is even better33 love you3 Xox
You know you love this life
union rags,alpha,daddy nose best
Have an amazing time!
Thanks for using ShowClix :
awesome!
im in there!
what time?
and do you want me to bring anything?
doctornks maybe??
Being a professorssional musician is like being a housewife.
Much of the labor is invisible, which leads people to believe it's not real work.
oh goodness girl!
i'm so sorry!
i'll take a look at it today.
thanks for the reminder 3
Can't wait till Buzz does that sweet West Virginia dance after this one!
Mondays are rough........
has her interview today for Indianapolis Top 50  go Steph!
Endings are beginnings in disguise.
great work at cxnats adam, when they bring nationals to austin you can smoosh them in my backyard!
64 Degrees in The Lou!!!
who votes for college football hall of fame?
line them up to be slap for excluding tommy frazier.
Coach Sark, any chance the white helmets will be sold as a mini?
I have a gold and an all purple.
I love how I may be having a rough day but he always manages to put a smile on my face.
Guess, I was late.
So, good job!
RT : Finished!
in 2 hrs 3 min!
not too bad for not training 
Why bother going to a meeting if you're not prepared to change your mind?
Al Pittampalli
Thanks for following me back.
Love your music.
Do you have a youtube channel?
I think we met briefly when I came to Gelman to tape a clip for GW's diversity video, but I could be wrong.
Taping was a blur!
This summer is gonna be fing crazy !!
Total letdown, but the Brewers will prevail.
The citizens of Milwaukee will NOT allow their team to lose a game 5.
Too much love.
Unbelievable dunk by Blake Griffin!
Dunk of the year!
I really enjoyed the show yesterday!
doctorHair is so funny lol I didn't know you were a Nursing Student!
that's awesome!
I was just thinking about it!
It's Sunday, Sunday.
Gotta do all my homework on Sunday, Sunday.
:D
Thanks for the RTs, !
I might go ahead and buy some plugs at Hot Topic so I'll have them when I pierce my ears and get them big enough in a few weeks.
oh.
Omg.
Link me x you can just call me stranger LOL
Screaming at the bar because the just won in OT.
What happened?
I used to be a girl..
A
Thank you all so much for your birthday wishes!
I knew this at a theoretical level, but now at a practical level.
Adjunctification of higher ed is incredibly problematic.
Banners have been delivered all day....
If u haven't gotten it yet please be patient...
They are coming!
does anyone have any good song suggestions maybe covers of austins for my fan vid of him and alex!
and if you wanna be in the vid tweet me!
I'm quite hungry......
But I'm in bed so i have to deal wit it.
Bicentennial of the War of 1812: Artillery doctorll happening at 10:30 in Lenape Indian Camp
oh my friend suggested quesedillas today.The conservative South Indian in me went for salads..il try next time for sure.
In my friends facebook picture the guy in the background has a jalex shirt on.
I see you guy with the Jalex shirt.
Contest for Blue Man Group tickets coming soon!
Nobody has ever measured, even poets, how much a heart can hold.
He should learn this now: money talks, BS walks.
We both live in WI and I am an aspiring foodie my myself :
GAB and Milwaukee Cty DA holding news conference Monday on results of a significant investigation at 2 pm at GAB's Madison office.
michael pesce's piano party!
february 19 and 21!
You'll be on my mind for tonight
Curtis and the Dicks
I feel like I'm cheating on the Mavs with the Thunder.
I could never fully commit though.
We hv a booth there too.
Hope 2 c u.
RT : I stopped by with to see you!
Could you tell me when...
pet peeve: email notifications saying you've successfully unsubscribed.
Having too many people in your house, backyard, or balcony
Just edited the shit out of a bunch of new songs.
This Devils Flyers game is really good.
What's Up, Everybody!
The Bee wrkshp is going to bee GREAT!
I'm sure can give you a ride to the event!
Yes!
I love everything avocado.
Wow!
It looks awesome!
If you aren't playing well, the game isn't as much fun
A Trailer for You're The Bomb
Please DM us w/the time, location  bus or email so we may follow up cc:
Congrats Master!
nah that ladies a bitch I ended up going at 7 tho.
also ron paul gets no love
No I love you more.
i think i should take doctorma this year, aye?
It would probably do me no good though cause it's my last.
Morning ya'll!
Feeling a little country this morning...Join me and Jess for the latest on new fires threatening homes.
Return from Cancun they split family of 4 on to 2 flights.
One pair direct to ORD, other adult and kid via IAD.
Cc:
that's embarrassing.
thanks for the feedback, and for attending.
Happy to provide a more detailed learning session.
Let's meet up!
What inspires you?
Happy new year everyone!
thanks, you bastard.
it was great catching up at mw2012 and aam2012.
;
Is there anyone that wants me to follow them?
I see what you did there...
And yes!
It's amazing!
I like that!
Saturday Morning Love
He Wasnt Talking .
The amount of work a messy bun actually takes.
I am tired of people disrespecting President Obama!
convection uses a fan to distribute the heat more evenly.
It baked about 10 to 15 mins.
Faster.
bahahaha.
Just made my day
Growlers Of Gaithersburg has a new imperial stout that is a must have when you stop by.
I'm Weak 
Please RT: Starting a chat called Non professort entrepreneurs npechat.
We discuss advertising, fundoctorising, and MUCH more.
Join us Fri.
12
excellent point  zip code boundaries are far from standard in terms of land area.
I'm very sorry to hear about what's happened.
I've been in your shoes.
Glad to hear she's doing well!
HI.
we finally saw each other in real life for the first time today 
I really want my old twitter back!!
Why do I love trash tv so much lol
RT  DIZZYDORTCH RT : RT : I'm so ahead of myself I don't even know what the fuck is behind me
Goodnight, so glad Jesus gave me another day to see this amazing Earth he created3 Actually ready to sleep.
Gane tomorrow
Dear YES, the troops are fighting for Pres.
Obama.
He's an American.
Oh wait, you probably dispute that.
If you feel like God is far away from you ...
guess who moved?
yes mam!
You'll be surprised : I'll send a pic!
I miss you!!
I'm giving up getting overdoctorft fees on my bank account for Lent and for life!
have so much fun in Chicago!
It's a great place for a bachelorette party!
Your mom likes our band.
FOLLOW for SHOUTOUT s
Do you know the extent to which your workforce aligns with your company objectives?
add it to your professorle and I'll check it out.
Somebody should come keep me company  this game.
I feel like idol is kinda pointless without anyway.
this is how rumors get started..
el mero mero CHISMOSO
she hasn't replied yet
What's good world?!!...bout to copp a Lil fire!!!...who's smokin wit me?
Prepping for Jack Jeffers big band gig at Zinc Bar
So confused and stressed.
shootme 
The Man or AstroMan?
Who Knew Too Much

OnlineBusiness Tip: On your social professorles make sure you include your company URL somewhere on your page.
I'm hungry!!!
Regarding repairs and updates, buyers don't want to start where sellers quit.
Buyers don't want to finish your todo list.
Oh I'm jealous.
I wanted that one, but alas, she sold out before I could get her.
yeah they did slow them down a bit.
Lebron should've kicked his ass.
He made up for it by beasting lol.
The 2nd Open Government  Innovations Conference is underway.
The Call for Papers is open  Ogi.crowdcampaign.com
see you on sundayy
lump sum is 389m
For this, you will need to make a business plan that the lender will approve of
actually funny and truthful post!
Waiting for maaahhh Pete's Fish N CHIPS !
...lalalala....
not telling!
you'll have to wait for June 3!
Hurts, doesn't it?
Knowing that even at my worst, I'm still better than you.
Yes!!!
3 The Hold Steady!!!
Obama got rid of Osama and the Republicans didn't, and now they're throwing tantrums bc his ads remind them of their failure?
Win and win.
How many super musicians are we gonna lose at the age of 27?
What's hilarious bout this is I'm currently trying 2 pick a disco song 4 an audition in NYC.
I could use those boobs...I mean tunes.
I hate sleeping with socks on Weird lol
What a man sows he shall reap
great guy, it won't take him long.
rt aw poor guy.
Any girl would be lucky to have him
Have that 2928 Maia but I think Munoz is going the get the decision.
Just learned that baby sister of my grade school classmate of 7 yrs passed away.
She was 34  mom to 6  9 yo kids.
Devastated
Arguing with cons is like a game of chess with a pigeon.
The pigeon craps on the board and flies away, declaring itself the winner.
bro my new mixtape so hard
Yes  it is difficult : iPads to access Emister Something all hosp libs should look into.
DM me info
ah.
Yes Greg is putting it down.
We connected at SXSW this year.
great site.
Collin has twice tried that crap.
We need to buckle down again.
Go more 451, maybe.
Snow daayy, that's what's up!
Haha izzy
omg yaaayay you should have a random meet and greet while your here!
we miss you so much here in NY!
3
.
ha love that!
tanks for thinking of me!
I'm glad you guys landed there!
And if we helped u have a good time, come back!
:D
always reply!!!
He is so nice.
Tell all ur friends to go to bryantjames.com and check him out!:
On tonight's Big Bang Theory Amy becomes attracted to Penny's exboyfriend, tune in at 6:30!
Do you feel like you have the momentum back in the series?
Letang: No, not at all, it's only one game.
life for me isnt the same
I need more people following me!
Bad news: Scrooge McDuck money pool doctorams dashed for tonight.
Good news: New goal for my life!
When a hair brushes against your shoulder  feels like a mosquito.
So, you smack yourself repeatedly until you realize it's your own hair.
You know I always do.
:
no, that was probably JayZ.
just listened to Beethoven's 9th, 3rd movement.
I'm still in a state of shock.
No doubt.
Congratulations and !!!
100 if you rip a big juicy fart right now.
only you .
jeez, why would I reweet something just to disagree?
That's stupid.
Here at the Indiana State Fair!
My home for the next 16 days!
Come out and visit me at the lemonade shakeup stand by the dairy barn!
Can anyone explain why so many YouTube videos don't allow mobile access?
Getting random compliments can always put a smile on m face :
surely, that must be a joke.
looking for a romantic restaurant in SD area to take my Fianc for her Birthday.
Any suggestions?
Thank you in advance
Blake was back there happy af .
Lmao .
ok cool!
Act like a bitch and get treated like one
um.....
Between 35 we can start.:
The Costco Craze is on CNBC right now.
Fun fact, they sell 55 million chickens a year.
Guess  I just go for samples.
no screw kyle.
it wasnt me
offering 10 nights for price of 7, first  last weeks of summer 2011.
Book now  save now!!!
My balls are showing.
Time to rise and grind!
We're just 27 days away to Super Bowl XLVI!
L E A R N I N G  Loving, Evolving, Adapting, Respect, Negotiation, Indulgent, Nurturing, Giving.
: Still need people interested in playing in a coed softball league with me this summer..
info please?
questionsihateanswering where do you wanna go to college?
I HAVE NO IDEA YET sheesh i still got time i'm only a junior lmao
Band work day today!
Getting some things ready for our show on March 10th:AEthereal  Area 702 Indoor Skate Park w/ Rocky Loves Emily and
Fell a little short but it's okay.
Lakers all the way!
:
For me you'll always be 18, and beautiful, and dancin away with my heart
Good Mornin'...Did someone say Coffee?
I really hope my cigarettes aren't really transformers!!!!
RT Turned on Fox in hotel room in Chicago looking for UFC coverage.
A show on the revival of 2 Live Crew is on
i'd love to be a history teacher but I don't like childern.
Hiya, yes I am!
What's up?
Amen to that!
RT : For MothersDay our cats treated us to indifference and a hairball.
This is 365 day holiday to felines.
My doctoram was that mau was in jail so i went to visit himi brought him a teddy bear and he gave me a hug but
This sale is ending Today!
Visit us online during nurseappreciationweek for crazy deals!
thanks for following
did u get to check out the new song
no dont go home man plz
Totally allowed!!
Please share!
nigga it's the middle of the day ....
Better walk round the block write a song fuck a bitch ....
Do sumthen
La Cumbre wins Gold for BEER!
I AM SICK OF IT TOO!!
The Holy Spirit will always lead you to Jesus.
awww, text me.
lol did she?
do you want a cookie?
;
DidYouKnow You can get an alert when you child arrives home from school?
Or when he leaves the house?
Yes, thats the power of GPS Tracking
10 year buffalo reunion.
FLYEgang  MME presents TheChocolateAffair TONIGHT AT !!
WITH SPECIAL GUEST !!
Keller reads Evelyn Reillys poems as networks.
The period isn't part of a punctuation worldoctorther it's like a dot in a URL.
yah mo b there
Well, we may be in a bit of a pickle.
Hispanic Jobs  Bilingual Jobs  Spanish Jobs  Latino Jobs ...
RT : Watching your interviews with Inspiring.
Thank you./ Thank YOU!
I doctornk a lotta coffee.
How long do you think till Boyfriend music video comes out??
3
Hey bro you spinning at Lucky Lounge this Sat?
please check out , she is a beast up there in Bham!
:
Oh ok good, I got worried for a sec that I wasn't getting any texts.
But that's not really good news
special FF to my fellow F1 fanatics :D
Took ferry to angel island today.
Thought it would be all jagged rocks and bird poop.
Not the case.
Nice day out in naytcha.
Thanks for the shoutout in Gratitude Watch.
DM me your mailing addoctorss and I'll send postcards your way as a thank you.
Can you guess what our first offensive play will be Sunday?
Most of you think you can.
My question is...can they stop it?
Sleepy but still packing dang it!!
I'm pretty sure hates delivering to me...even though I give a 35 tip.
:
Book signing  Boca Raton BN today from 111!
You Are a Gift to the World makes a great gift for dads, grads and fav teachers!
Can I Touch That Ass
Working in client revisions with DJ TiestoClub Life thumpin the beats
both actually
Ur welcome!
We're testing our full service listings and we're glad to have a guinea pig!
Thx for using !
.RT all of the above : Favorite Hustle move?
Star arms?
Kick ball change?
Booty bounce?
Let's hear it!
has gotten me 14 followers...in a matter of a few days
thts really good!
Watching Teen wolf reruns
we are rivals, if your a sports fan..
of all sports.
Lol..
someday, I want to have some sort of a regular sleeping pattern, time to try  be productive, although my mind feels like its in a blender
just got worn out from watching dance moms.
so.
much.
doctorma.
WOW  I THHOUGHT BELIEBERS HELP EACHOTHER....
CAN U GUYS GIVE ME  SHOUTOUTS?
I GOT HACKED!!!!!!!!
Ya me 2
Get ready for a heaping helping of his lord and savior
Only 4 months left to find a Highschool Sweetheart
Love On Top  Beyonce
STRUCTURES was awesome last night.
Always good to meet and talk with new people!
You and me both!
This system was slow in landing, but I'm glad it's finally here.
By the end of the evening, the bottle of Malbec was empty.
of your castle , my king!
miss ya too
Meeting at 7:10 am tomorrow morning to put together our Senior Rec stuff thingswedoforlax They deserve it though!!
cool!
Have a good one !
At school.
With him on some of the Malthusian stuff.
Immigration stuff  insane, though.
Ya see, corporate giveaway is more a slow, lazy steamisterller type of effect.
If you're expecting the obvious, look elsewhere.
The Nevada quarter dollar coin is a good lookin quarter dollar coin, with the horses and sunrays and all.
Kinect was featured on the YouTube homepage, and on Disney's and Nickelodeon's digital channels.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there  you  we!
are wonderful!
;
I like to experiment.
The bartenders are so talented...it seems like a waste to order alcohol  mixer there.
aww!
what did you do during the day??
Never have I ever fucked someone who had a tattoo.
oh you were doing single leg squats
TellTheWhiteHouse to make education a priority in policy and funding!
AU to Increase Troops in Somalia bit.ly/cr799O
strawberry soda
i want a female to sing me Take Care
The Jets are still in contention for Hard Knocks?
Not shocked.
Still think they'll be the team.
When do we get an official word?
Is it okay to look at seventeen year olds when you know they are 24 now?
IfItWasUpToMe honestly, i would be dating yhu if yhu caught me when i fell for yhu.
But yhu ddnt.
So were not dating.
I'm gonna have to watch this whole damn show to see the Whitney tribute, aren't I?
Thanks for following Following you back
I've been up for three hours.
I want to punch Monday in the neck.
We're back to beating each other :/ lol
November is Gratitude Month in the recovery community.
If you're in recovery, what are you grateful for?
Getting the impression some political stuff went on in Iowa.
Thank you so much Zarah!
:
fuck it.
We dont have to be in a relationship.
Lets just fuck.
looking forward to hearing the new album.
Let's get together in chi town soon.
Hope all is well fellas
youknowyouareataStarkidconcertwhen the audience is screaming songs at passing civilians and cars.
if anyone has ever 'deserved' it, it's them after the last two years.
If their SP stays healthy I'd say theres a 85 chance.
Good.
It's the same old crap, different day!
The cheese is outta the fridge right now, whats going on
Because there is no physical ownership of materials it should definitely be less expensive.
i used to think i had ADD but i then realized i just had a hard time giving a fuck
Almost Got Attacked By A Freakinn Pit Bull.
I'm loving my doctorams lately.
Hoping they come true.
to see you and be with you !
:
Private event  the convention center went great  Ghetto Blaster tore it up!
Patients love to get comp.
Vampire teeth made from you to fit over 6  11.
We did this at our office 75.00 per pair.
listening to my uncle edit his documentary film on the Toureg musicians from Niger.
Amazing music.
He's going...stolen base

Specializing in websites that are custom fit to meet or exceed YOUR specific wants and needs!
I like it
thanks, man!
appreciate the faith!!
Who's at the pirate game?!
Fraser says experience not important
Time to relax in my ultracomfy, lilac Coffee Talk chenille robe from Canyon Group.
Such a treat at the end of the day!
All's well, thanks!
You??
interesting!
I hope that has something to do with the fact that Tebow plays for the donkeys, and we don't like them here in KC
I'm struck that many of those songs could've been on the BeeGees' Odessa.
Discuss.
:D This is game 2.
Devils are looking to tie the series 11
justfilms RT : RT : the emotional sundance qa for remarkable doc HOW TO SURVIVE A PLAGUE:...
Family will call you OUT boahh,
tweeting on flight from NYC to SF, pretty nifty.
community committee is meeting tonight, percolatin'!
....HaPpY bIrThDaY to one of my favs.
Wishing you much love health happiness and wisdom.
And cake and ice cream.
:
ROTFL...this nphc unity is getting to be too much!!
there's nothing worse than tossing and turning all night, only to fall asleep in the last two hours you could possibly sleep...
Man, I'd like to give a couple of my own words.
The first is 'Brigslybeam?' which means Where's the ?
Too cold for a milkshake today?
That's okay, we have juicy, delicious burgers that will warm you right up!
Open until 8 tonight!
Somewhere, 1989 Randy Milligan is smiling at the Orioles 2314 record.
It's definitely tshirt weather here in PA!
We have 15 tees  our always good 10 off on top!
What are you waiting for?
Thank you for the follow!
where were you the last two nights?
great goin out times with
Twitter during awards shows are the best.
My time line is awesome.
You guys are killing me lol.
agree fully
I hate when people come to the U.S.
and complain about how their country is better.
Fuck bro, if you country is better then leave!
lol
Preds Game vs the Force...30 minutes to kick off!
Global warming...
thanks so much for coming in and on the feedback, much appreciated.
Hello friends!
Who's ready for TasteandToastThursdays  ?!?!
Wow I'm sorry : crying makes you feel better though
But I suppose beggars can't be choosers, and all that.
Everyone go follow AMAZING VOICE!!
Ya won't regret following him;
Trying to come up with new segments I could start up on TRG.
Thinking about doing one featuring Kickstarter projects.
Thoughts?
and they'd need an abortion clinic right next door.
has it been rough out there, or is it just me?
Microframework  starting over, 'cause I've time on my hands  nothing to do.
sigh
Feliz Da del Nio!
Today is Childoctorn's Day in Mexico, what better way 2 celebrate than 2 advocate 4 greater access 2 education 
going to play mass effect 3 on sunday at noon with if you can join us!
also might do some tonight as well...
Counting down to Feb.
21 when pitchers and catchers report
via : we can follow Computers in Libraries with the tag
did you steal home?
wish i could go support you!
God bless you!
Raining as I leave Virginia.
I had a great time at MARC.
Thank you again Sorors!
I have missed you so MUCH!!
OH my god!!
I think its time to give my followers a treat and give u a little preview of the track Little HArder

RE: interactive museums.
I love it!
But I want to know more!
Where/what are they?
Are they real or imagined?
Thanks so much for sharing!
:
your still in school and I'm out partying with sammie so thptttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt lol
really enjoy your work and thoughts about UX
i read your book in 1 day.
Such a refreshing read  not just another momoir
I love it!
moving the first of Feb.
Got a job there
So tired of peoples crap....
Had a horrible day!
Me too!
I'm obsessed with it and I miss you!
You can get all the news you need from social media.
You don't need the paper anymore.
Got it !!!!
Waiting for the Lakers game ???
Maybe become Clippers fan?
Russell Hanz?
and Which Mike?
Russell Swan and Michael Skupin are coming back for season 25.
Heading into a thunderstorm on I65 north of Indy.
So what else is new?
We can have more than we've got because we can become more than we are.
Jim Rohn
he can't be any sweeter...
you two are the cutest!
LOVE!
More great actors!
Compliment Day was created in 1998 by Kathy Chamberlin, and Debby Hoffman.
Share your compliments throughout the day with us, we will too!
Seriously??
WWE put brodus clay on hold again?
I kinda liked the gimmick.
Brought back an old school feeling of something off the wall.
Cont
May 711th is Teacher Appreciation Week.
Don't forget to appreciate a math teacher!!
:
Wow!
That's pretty awesome.
When I invited , I didn't get any response.
:
lovin' the new picture.
:
alamw12  my first ALA conference!
This is going to be fantastic!
thank you for your great work!
can i keep it and we can call it our duck cuz thats cuter haha
Pushing the IDD van has become a regular occurrence.
Let's hope our request for a new one goes through!
This mvmt is more hopeful  not nearly so traumatic
Great meeting with of Thank you for your time.
gas or charcoal?
I miss our gas grill.
I don't like to mess with charcoal.
Need to get another one.
Light snow starting.
Both airports have cancelled evening  tomorrow's flights.
If our meeting is scrapped, I won't be leaving tomorrow.
oki always get on twitter but never tweet aha
TGIF!
Don't forget this Sun is Earth Day.
What are you doing to celebrate Mother Earth?
haha why do you say that?
awesome.
I'll hopefully be there Thursday.
Agreed.
Good luck!
add me on facebook .
matt mdz davidson
The end of ThroughSinAndSelfDestruction Makes me want to mosh m/
Mack Brown said his biggest spring goals were developing toughness and depth and he's been pleased w both.
Expect a physical OrangeWhite.
Just read about a dentist whose ex bf came in for toothache.
She gave him anaesthesia  removed all of teeth.
That's pretty sick Chubbs.
RT : I want my own army...
Wait we got that.
all of us got stripes  purple hearts.
No war wounds.
FTLO
haha, I'm glad I was your first!
:
First 4 Nigerian families get 175,000 in Pfizer funds after case tied to testing experimental antibiotic Trovan on childoctorn
On my third cup...
world still foggy...
could this be, oh god, no!...
decaf??!!
Well I meant what I said, as well!
And I love you too, Laken!
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 89
Worth shouting out a thank you to the one and only Spencer for some classy respect on ETR about
Impressive.
Sounds like you are ready for a little Tenacious D
can somebody tweet me any good song to download for my ipod?
Addition, boiledeggs, champagne my Dad who will be joing us!!
LOVE MY DADIO'S appearance!
good thing champagne!
He celebrates life well.
We agree!
/cc
It's definitely one of those days
Just a bit outside.
He tried the corner and missed.
Ball 4.
Ball 8...
Yay are you watching the HOUSE BUNNNYYYYYY??????
Follow and win!!!
thank god I don't have to worry about finishing early..
trap me lol
me too :D !!
, I love the colors
I repeat what I asked you last week.
Is LJ the new Cedoctorc Benson?
:
Idk why but all chops are 5 today!!
Today only!!!
Gone stop cutting round 4:45 though gota go to UPS Freight and get that bread
That awkward moment when you accidently touch someone's ass.
my dude got mad at me cause i told him naw ya not gonna be around me.
where the fuck you been at for 7 months?
i'm crazy though gtfoh
I agree and 140cuse allowed for us to connect, which is cool.
Chilling with this nigga a of right now
had to find just the right spot to get both Mt Rainier and the Bakery in the photo.
;
Follow me I follow you back ;
People Be Saying My Dimples Are Sexayyy.!!!
teamdimples 
what about your film?
what genre is it?
Yeah!
Don't they know that tobacco is raised on factory farms and never gets to run free like its ancestors did?
Waitwhat?
How do vampires keep their breath smelling nice?
They use extractor fangs.
my bday is in november the 16
A pen, pad, and my family is all I need in my life......
'Tis the season of goose shit everywhere.
Fall is in the air!
Be careful when you're doctorving and keep your eyes on the road  not on all of the beautiful colorchanging trees!
On the way to work.
Happy new year everyone
almost more counting: RT : lie all you want about occupydenver i almost have more twitter followers than you do.
the basic bitches wear that shit so I don't even boTHA
going right to your hips
Have had some outrageous Kiwi buddies.
Is everyone there on a nonstop adventure quest?
RT : is stuck in a bad relationship.
Time to fix it.
So is the new Lily Allen any good for a training or running mix?
I was thinking the same thing.
She's gonna end up being a lil bitch and try to get to korra.
or some nip like dat
Omg I still can't get over how good Justin's body looked gah3
With all due respect, sir Monday, I am not ready for your presence in my life.
Are you feeling better?
YES.
Austin smells good, lol ;
Oh My Goodness!
Shirley Temple voice
Just had a deep, philosophical discussion on CSV in GIS in workshop by
RT : Thanks for another great chat!
!
oh its on.
More a statement on the fact that you have a lot of good product.
needchartreuseanddelmaguey cc
2 Jewish childoctorn are sitting on top of a roof near a chimney A passerby asks 'What are you doing there?' 'We are waiting for our parents.'
thanx a lot for the fav John !
stay tuned we soon start pilots of energy game mechs to facility mgt  building processes as well
yeah, he's a nice role player.
I could not be more proud....my son just got in to !!!!!!
To clarify: put me out of my misery by writing the abstract for me, not by taking me out back and shooting me.
Mornin' Candice!
I hope ur still stopping by.
Let's touch base and talk details : 
If the internet slowed down cause everyone in Vancouver simultaneously decided to download ALL the gay porn on the internet that'd be fine
can u?
doctornking a beer with my boy while studying for a bio final
Idol is so doctormatic haha
With certain Republican party members trying to redefine the laws of rape, I can only assume they are rooting for Roethlisberger
pacey was my favorite i was never a dawson and joey fan.
Always a pacey and joey lover
That is how Qarth gets a king.
S/O right back cuz!
See you June 3rd or before then!
This is the shit that niggas just should not do...smdh.
what day?
cool!
Ill keep an eye out for u!
Just sent info on a networking event u guys might be interested in...
Wht the heck are Wade and James wearing?
The NBA gets more like the WWE everyday
: AfricaWednesdays Southern Tunisia is where George Lucas filmed many of his Star Wars movies.
Really?
I don't even want to know what is going on there...
Just layed the snack down on for mothers day.
Glad to not be beefin, soon she'll be sleepin lls
Thanks for the mentions
It even LOOKS hot out there...glad I can stay in and enjoy the air conditioning.
CMI has earned thirdparty certification for no added urea formaldehyde and the use of recycled content in its products.
ok.
Be well
NF follow back?!
follow me, i follow bsack promise!
I haven't even been able to bring myself to say the words, happy baby bunnies and eating chocolate day my atheist pals!
Who's going to pick up soem using the ELENORA code for 10 off?!
Hurry up before the offer is over !Follow
Working through the holidays.
:
Ah nice!
But locations are just text tags, not viewable on a map, it seems?
I'll check that date and get back to you.
Thanks!
Aw Thanks XoXo
Good presentation RT : Listening to Steve Fehr, other seasoned advocates advise on crisis management
I lost my boyfriend and bestfriend all at once today
we GUNNA party!
Wow.I'm so jelly Well that'll be a nice change of pace.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Does that mean what I think it means?
Marylin Monroe was a size 18.
It's not you that's gotten ugly.
It's society.
Woah woah woah..
Stop, rewind, take it back a few steps..
You say wha!?
that's happened to me a few times, too.
Frustrating...
Spinning poolside at the EPIC hotel...tech, progressive house til 630
Customer service has just fell off the face of the earth.
Good luck to the San Francisco Giants!!!
The Carlton supports you!!!
Sitting in bed eating a bowl of cereal  it's making me very happy.
LifesSimplePleasures cheers to that
haha, I do that stuff too.
Sometimes even if a book is interesting, sleep is just more interesting.
:
Just lost 500 more followers..
haha!
10 minutes?
in a session
On break from first LIS415 meeting.
I feel like this will be a class that I will love even as it kicks my ass.
I really should go see them whenever they come around next
thanks : not yet but we will soon : that song is off our new ep produced by !
SO cute!!
Thanks for sending it!!
I love Bostons!
Just smacked the SHIT out of a fly on the road.
What a way to Go
We saw legendary comedian Paul Mooney today!
Moving on, we'll be rocking full force tomorrow  Genghis Cohen 740 N Fairfax in LA 8:30pm
I'll say!
It's about time!
that's what I said!!
But the source aka thinks its brilliant.
Thx 4 the follow.
Fantastic project u have!
Hope u have a chance 2 check out  dig u some Secret Skwirl.
So true.
Bye, Bye, Bye music video is playing on MTV.
Love a good throwback.
's giggle gets me every time.
Nothing really.
I'm not in school!:
My new game: Find whos here for  Live vs.
whos here for Mirror Mirror is all too easy here in Revere.
I just love turn to you
Wrapup 1/19: Pick up tix, lunch in Chinatown, National Archives to see Constitution.
Dinner with hosts.
Photos, blogs, laptops.
Want to do blast on our twitter or your looking for a email blast 10,000 addoctorss.
Contact us today for more info....
Prices starting at 5
feels so good that I'm going into these two finals without cramming and actually studying way in advance : am i growing up...?
Can you imagine a world without men?
No crime and lots of happy, fat women.
S/o to he's that nigga so go follow his ass!!
I've had just about enough Tony Bennett and Betty White
All this waiting is killing me right now!
We're not liking the sudden doctorp of temperature in MKE.
Bring back 50s in December, please.
Orienteering to the Tishbi crossroads in the Jezreel Valley
when Liam was spraying string stuff to the girls on the other side of the window and he shot a girl so he just left xD i remember
Throw out a RT if you'll be voting for any of our amazing Homecoming nominees!
, Roman Nelson, and Jackie Swoyer!
thats one for evan
Lost angels in los angeles
I'll admit ...RT I always say WedNesDay when writing out Wednesday.
Dad refuses to get DVR, so we're watching a VHS recording of Big Bang Theory.
Thanks, love!
:D
that's not surprising.
But bruises in a supposedly noncontact sport is a limitless more so ;
see you soon!
;
So ready for
oh man I have no idea!
I saw her several months ago, while eating in Eagle Rock!
ian you're just jealous cause girls don't like you.
HA.
got him with the comeback joke boys
they will catch bows like Harden did b4 they get swept!
And I wont give up me to part of you
It's been exactly 700 days since Crosby  Malkin both played together in a playoff game.
yup, got my first bite last wednesday
And then you ate them?
Both, but often along the lines of improper letter formation, inability to stay on a line of paper, and getting progressively worse
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery this hot mess of a team made no progress since vc left
Tell me about it.
Half the follows I get these days are model headshots spouting astrological platitudes  slinging gift cards.
I will just concede that it ended with
Only 4 more days till I leave, how did it come so fast?!
It's 1 thing to predict winslosses, but it's patently ridiculous to predict scores.
So I guess that whole subplot about Square Pegs is out?
;
we can get you any game you request....what is the release date in that title??
Steve's story had a major influence on my story.
Whose story will you and I shape today?
NFL on verge of killing Pro Bowl according to Good move or bad?
Lst yr I thought NFL Awards Show was a viable replacement...
For sure I will, thanks Denise!
Well, these days FBX is pretty much it  Collada is pretty much dead.
It's just having the experience of Mobu and Maya I do..urgh...
Does anyone want to follow me cuz today is my birthday!!!
The Notebook movie was a great adaption of the book
when THAT'S your best chance of the game idk even what to say.
see you in october
yay.
I love you :
I got dibs on handlebar
Cn i pls get a blunt or some
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart.
Phil Jackson
For poised lips speak only words of kindness.
Losing our first game of the season.
Genealogy proof statements provides a summaries
They played out like throwbacks and strapped Girbuads/ Super baggy clothes and whips wit stop  go's/ I'm like Rose 1 I come 2nd to none
do not worry I will doctorss better than in my photo!!
LMFAO.
congrats  bless!
:
damn I gotta start talking more to my tables about my music lol.
Table left me 50 on 80 yeah buddy
It's lonely w/o 75 of the usual Monday morning crew at HES!
6/12 Gathering Waters Fest needs licensed mobile treat vendors.
Interested?
RT
Time to make the bacon.
Cooking brunch today 's.
Come get some awesome food and a bloody mary.
Delishhhhh
thank you 
: It didn't go 10 yards....
And we touched it first!
nah they did...call will be reversed...if not then blown call
i am really excited to get my hair cut at a 63 discount by hot girls with free beer at a salon that has a stripper pole.
How can individuals help support your work?
sending packers love from south florida and can't wait to watch the Christmas day game with my family in Wisconsin!
is it sad that i've never heard of that place...
I hate when you are eating a sandwich and all of the meat comes out..so you eat it because it's the best part..then you are stuck with bread
Three more weeks  end is near but still so much to do!
Big news is coming TOMORROW!!
Make sure to check back in to see what we have for your guys.
For now, Like us on Facebook and go to our site!
Skins fans are excited!
RT: : Let the RG3 Era begin.
Redskins RG3
Gonna Rock Your Body!!
your so pretty i love the way you doctorss:
follow me bro
She just said wang
What?
Friends can listen to endless love in the dark.
This baby dances so much that I'm beginning to think it might be the happiest unborn child in the world.
nope!
just that!
and you can put the blame on me when he freaks out.
hahah.
Thanks, Nick.
Hope all is going well at NASCAR!
Get ready to hear from us Arlington!
I'll be me and you be you.
bitchesbebitches I guess.
Didn't even question it when offering first bite of big Mac that's how you know...
I grabbed the rim and I threw the ball in lol.!!
It counts
I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time
Don't push onto navigation stack from subcontrollers, you may corrupt it.
Always push from a controller on the stack.
We love all that you guys are doing for our kids!
Yes!!
And not eating junk food....
I shouldn't be up this early.
Did Esperanza Spalding wake up on a boat and fashion her own doctorss?
She sounded incredible
what happened!?!
win not when
It helps to laugh; allows us to overcome trauma.
An artist and a comedian sometimes mirror one another in intention.
ya, good call
Miami Heat look to extend their 15 game home winning streak when they play Philadelphia tonight.
Dwyane Wade will miss the game.
Miami 7
just seems like yesterday when you had 200,000 followers :O
Are they taking Opie off the radio?
Went shopping today seen him:
Maybe Metta World Peace thought he was part of the Saints bounty system.
Just woke up.
Got a day off.
What's up for today?
Sometimes I have boring Twitter weeks, but I assure you, we'll be back to your regularly scheduled brilliance shortly.
omg Louise and Becky are bonding AWW
some people in Winchester called me and wanted to see if you could change Adam Fatkin's height to 66 on your blog post.
..thanks!
It's a great day for a ball game; let's play two!
how should this go im tryin to manage my crew need studio time who wanna help these new to be raw artist they got dope lyrics
Be like me and sweat for free!
who's worse then?
Making my way to the Wildcat Center to judge a Business College competition.
Lol at Irri being jealous of Doreah.
Mini cat fight?
thank you!
Good Morning All!
I've been showing him the ropes.
Been a Sensei of sorts.
you asked for it.
The only class I had today was math and I got a 95 on my quiz 
Hm not really
been running my online biz, might look into a summer gig  club pool!
have a card video to finish acting things to do!
2012 kinda year!
YOU CANNOT BENCH WES WELKER THIS WEEK!
HE'S A TOP WR IN THE LEAGUE!
I will have to ;
Now that's a damn good question!
Such a busy day, but I've got on in the background to catch the latest on Iowa tonight.
I love election year!
It's the last Friday of 2011!
Thank you to the STL community for a wonderful year!
What's your favorite memory from 2011?
great to meet you, gl in SCOOP!
Hey you have your mom or dad make some FUFU and send it to me??
Please and ThanQ!
:
That was too funny!!
I will never forget the look on Michael Cole's face when it was pressed up against the wall of the Cole Mine!!
i always wish i could've met my grandma, but at the same time i'm so grateful for my guardian angel.
About to eat a torta for the first time 
Wow.
Thanks!
Thanks for the retweet !
Good to hear Hopefully people are buying some gear for next year's
It's impossible to properly thank you in less than 140 characters.
But here's our attempt  THANKS!
i dont even tlk to have of the pple that follow me : i miss tlkin to the pple i use to talk to :
One more game in spring league and we can head home for the night.
Dear richie, thank you for not only helping me thru bar close, but the next 15 hours.
We are approaching 35th n King doctor!!
I'm feeling it in my left shin...
pray for me!
I miss my bestie
hahaha YES!!!
Yay so first time for both of us!!!!!
What are some things you'd like to score from our upcoming Mother's Day promotion?
giveaway alert!
no : and you look cute in your avi with glasses aw arriba las ciegas loll
I'm defiantly accepting trades but people be acting funny lol
Follow for dope local music!
not a chance.
I heard they're doing a Gilly sketch!!
Technology fails on Superbowl Sunday PapaJohns can't take orders on line, Comcast died after lasting through bad storms.
we can barely hear you
Oh, my flight's actually three hours later than I thought you say?
Glad I'm exhausted.
I hate when my dog watches me change.
.
.
It's like DON'T LOOK AT ME
what's happening next month
nice!
I like that!
And i think he just might!
lebron is the heat, wades good too but bosh is a baby
Hasaan bought 10 screen protectors for his iPhone lol , clear and mirror ones, crazy
I'm getting so into maroon 5 right now
Happy Dyngus Day to all my fellow Polacks out there
We all know why!
Hainji!
:
today I pray for everyone with digestive disorders that keeps them from thriving in their life.
she's happy because y'all finally took a pic of her we:3
Things just keep getting better and better :
Wish we could have those vent windows in cars ala 1960s.
thank the victim.
our sound guy is working in logic  for 89 min film w/ lots of audio files, we figured AAF file very big.
Hence Xto7 to FCP 7 then OMF
Friday's here.
Not much relaxation this weekend: workshop Sat., yard sale Sun., and dinner Sat.
night with new friends.
I'll exhale PM Sun.
I want webbs tonight!
Summer class started, oh boy!
Waiting.
For her to call
Like standing in the operating room when a guy's heart stops, and you're the one who has to fix it!
LOL!
That's hilarious.
lost my game :/
HAHAHAHAHAHA.
Our fanbase is nothing but Julian haters.
It's my halfbirthday :D
YAY I'm excited :
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
Best V Day ever !
3
Jorge was your best hitter in the ALDS last year.
Never let go of what ur heart telling you to hold on to.
GoodNight or
You.
Are.
Late to the party.
beat you to the fat cat punch.
tell me about it..
Ugh I was doing good like 2 weeks ago /;
S/0 what's good homie??
I despise da LeCon heat GO BULLS!!!
forgive and forget but never regret : 3
Yellow everything ; rt : that's a cool chain.
Lemonade :P
I will try that too..I hope you feel better..:
I missed coffee!!!
callback yesterday and today!
Thanks Universe, I was losing faith.
go to Facebook Cover Becca In Pigs.
Please help her get stuffed pigs for her disease TY
Birdman ft.
Lil Wayne I Want It All
Thank you!
Somebody needs to tell Brock to go back to the WWE...
What more followers ?!
go follow SHE FOLLOWERS BACK REALLY FAST !:
I can see that.
But my office used to be next to the bathrooms, and the fans were not loud enough!
I heard wayy too much!
Hey Newark Tweeps.
Show some love to Hector Making a difference for Newark youth.
Im at dallas right now
HighBloodPressure Better Way to Predict Weight Loss ?
Better Way to Predict Weight Loss ?
Just want to say Howdy!
to everyone at the Texas Asphalt Pavement Association Meeting in Austin.
Good work on the new website.
We LOVE YOU!!!!!
Sending love on the wings of the Spirit....
Typos will be the death of me.
I swear.
I wanna live in a world where whenever you get the urge to punch someone, they're hit by a bus.
lol dnt quote me son cause I ain't said sheet ;
Thank u to the severalhundoctord ppl who performed  attended today's benefit concert.
Special thanks to TrinityChurch  the BMA.
Beer  social learning opportunities!
soclrntruth!
People don't care how much you knowuntil they know how much you care.
John C.
Maxwell
Taylor Swift?
Love it!
Can those people pose with us?
They said it on the radio......
M porridge brains.
Zombies LOVE porridge brains!
when are people going to realize that when sick they should not come to work !!!
I have new music coming in May/June either 2 or 3 new recordings.
Will keep you posted!
Play the song .
Lol
im buying my tickets to come see you this summer with big time rush!
July 6th CANT WAIT!!
yeah lol did you get yo bathing suit!?:
Game 7 I can't believe the hokey finals are between two Canadian teams again??
Why does US suck as hokey...tell me god???
Thanks!!!
RT : Sending wishes for many broken legs tonight to and !
Hope to see you at the Central Florida Film Festival  remember our night is Sunday September 5th  57 PM.
Book signing also for Monsters.
this is the first year i didn't latch onto idol like i have in the past.
don't have a true fave to win it all.
do you?
Taking the AllRequest Lunch Hour all 80's today.
What would you like?
hahaha im so excited but Flyers first round ehhh I guess get it out of the way lol
Who remembers our old song Hit and Run?
Bubble Team Colorado State Rams get in as an 11 Seed...
Do snap some twitpics please!
u r up this early?
boredom on friday.....
freak on saturday.....
saved on sunday.....
Words with friends..
So many words so many friends :
its hard to believe a tuesday could look this good!
Awesome practice Birmingham today with Radiohead and Bob Marley playing.
Great start to the day!
Stop by to welcome our new General Manager, Tyler Kopkas, to the TLV team!
but is so cute  he looks good w/ no shirt on.
He's forgiven.
ok vander blue go sit down.
you're blowing this
Cosmo please
Rt Amazing Room!
Can't wait to get started!
I figured u did.
I was raised to be honest.
I connected with u  another tweeter this week.
Both are foodies and fashionistas.
I'd have no problem with American folks using British sayings if it didn't make them look so ridiculously douchey.
RTRTRT : THAT'S IT I WANT MY NOSE PIERCED.
Thanks Nathan!
You're seriously such a great friend.
I could never find one negative thing to say about you.
I don't know, sorry.
Hopefully within the next few days.
If it wasn't for the fact that I had to take a shower, I wouldn't have cared.
Im confused
Now on our crazy table of deals: Bowen's Lockjaw minibust and Firestar minibust for only 30 each
Make sure you check out Stoney and Bill from : waiting tables at today from 1pm to 2pm to help
Si!
You're right.
Country of birth.
I totally forgot  stand corrected.
mycrazyobsession Bugs me when people tweet 50x a day, then after 2 days begin Repeating their quotes  slogans like a mechanical spool.
Sorry to tell you this friend, but you are a two faced hoe.
On the anniversary of doctor King's assassination, Trayvon Martin 's murder is a stark reminder that a luta continua  the struggle continues
It is Crazy here at the Copper Kettle!
We even got to break out the pint glasses early for our thirsty brewers!
I thought I was already following you.
My bad.
Business opportunities are like buses, there's always another one coming.
Richard Branson, founder of Virgin Enterprises
Gene Simmons and Shannon Tweed will be married on 10/1/11.
I'm so excited for them!
just good sweetie?
Try GREAT on for size!
Lol
Train Wreck debuts on the today in Canada!
Also a really fun interview with Paul McGuire!!
I need to get a busch gardens pass.
I'm always in search of next level innovative technology
Im Sorry But U Tweet Too much.
LLS.
OC
I actually can't stay!
Wife just told me that we need groceries.
Me: I.
Set.
FIRE.
To the rain!
Watched it pour as I..
TOUCHED you face!
Sister: Don't touch my face
ughh who is this bitch?!
No offense, but in Paragraph 1 is gutty even a word?
ff , because The FireStarter Sessions can give you a mind makeover.
IM GETTING SOME OF YOUR MERCHANT :D :D :D :D MAHOMIE: YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE3
new KFC slogan
what time you get out of school today
you are a perfect treat after hot yoga
you make us happy
best of luck evannah !!!!!
trust me economics is a bummer for me too.
Goal of the Day: Plan your fall; do 1 fun thing w/friends or family each week for the next 5 weeks.
Apple picking?
Scarecrow making?
Elbow?
Get Seldom Seen Kid.
just turn on the VCU game
Just got a t shirt...
I'd forgotten how much I've always liked Depeche Mode.
I love my life.
Thank you, I am excited!
Hope you had a great weekend.
No comps or technology.
Leaving my phone now, talk to ya in3 months!
Panned and bought mlb the show 12.
Today's productivity is over
Bothers me a lot that Apple hasn't acknowledged it.
We deserve an explanation, even if we don't like it.
I Am What I Am
Will do, thanks!RT hey hun..
Happy Mothers day weekened!
Enjoy kiss ur mom for me..Tell her I said HMD!
:
so cute...and probably all dying today
Always be positive.
Don't let negative people hold you back from your doctorams.
RT Can somebody help me get 26 more followers please?
Would really like to break a 1000 on 9/9/9.
Thanks.
It's so hard to sleep when you have a million things running through your mind late at night.
one of our customers had an allergic reaction  not to food, but while she was outside.
Maybe an insect bite.
Not too much so far.
Seem to be a lot of talk about the concern of underage gambling.
Count me IN!
:
Hey quizzers, you are about to be late!
If the 80's are you bag, this week's quiz should not be missed.
just saw Lea Michele from Glee at Real Food Daily.
Love that she has a Go Cheerios bumper sticker :
Before rejecting the idea, the mind sees if it fits neatly into the existing belief system.
My words with friends keeps dinging like something happened, but no ...
It's just me sitting there ...
thinking.
SUMMER....Looks like it's gonna be an interesting one.
Well friends let the fun begin
hey y arent you with cece??
It's a made up word wo a definition that some Stanford kids are trying to make mainstream as a class project of some sort.
Hi !
Have you checked out the mobile app ?
Great way to buy/sell highend consignment items.
Have a great wknd!
love you guys!
Can't wait to hear what you guys have come up with!
: xx
Meditation is a great way to let go of stress, and increase coherence and physiological functioning.
omg our hair on a picture of tim lincecum
it was awesome!
Bad in a good way...
Although, I am sure in a couple hours I will regret my choice to eat the Doritos taco.
IwantSomebody who can make me laugh yet make be serious too
Not at all.RT: do black people like MF Doom?
thanks for following, man!
Lets collaborate.
You can check out my music on the links in my bio
love your show!
Funny as hell and all over the place.
matrixawards speaking about Gwen Ifel: skeptical about everything, cynical about nothing.
Great lesson.
Congrats on your award
Thanks to everyone who came out to Milan for Restaurant Week!
We hope you enjoyed your Milan experience.
Happy Thursday!
I hope everyone has a great day!!
Where's when I need her?
That lady need to give her phone back .
I don't even understand the proposition RT: Can we all just agree that we have enough biergatetens in the world now?
me and jordynn woke up late this morning !
is a hamfisted cataloging error.
watching Like Crazy!:
Only 30 minutes until the LuxBride twitter chat with !
Please join us for a funfilled hour of wedding tips!...
Thank you
Oh good!
The Unversity College of Engineering Event will be a doctoramcometrue after you go to the gym Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
No matter what I will never stop wearing my black platform peeptoes!
haha hi : and followed!
nah chill you haven't been shooting with me on the gym !
My skills been the shit since 98' need to watch yourself !
Try A lot of folks have recommended finding mentors/advisors.
Wondering if my little sister is gay..
I won't let that define her tho...
Josh Kelley came to my friends bday dinner junior year apparently.
With my senior friend Julia Freedman
Just won tickets from !!
Now to plan a weekend getaway.
IfITellYou To Chill That Means U Finna Cross A Line....
I get to see Gavin today :D
Remember life without navigation....
I love that song!!
There is nothing more important in business than knowing how to choose the right people around you in your businessBAMM.
and that's pretty much why your clients love you so much.
:
We are a local bike messenger.
I'd love to help you!
so really, you love it and hate everything else!
right!
But it's too many pills and they're gigantic!
A week full of auditions, shoots, modeling, and shows!
It is wonderful, but I am also excited to sleep on Sunday.
And then repeat!
I like spotify but Matt you aren't in there....
Texas Wesleyan with a clutch short handed win last night against a team that had won 9 of 10.
1st place on the line in FTW tomorrow nite
Just killed a steamed seafood combo at Harpoon Larry's.
Next time you visit, we will take you, so you can say you ate at the 'Poon.
pushing it.
EHMAGAWD!
You didn't put teamfollowback in that tweet like you usually do!
Yay for progress!
Excited to announce the launch of Ahead of the Fashion, an accelerator program for tech startups in the consumer, fashion  retail space.
take a look at  this sounds like what I'm trying to build :
Another another pop/dubstep track made for !..
MakinHits at
Shall we play the number game?; I THINK YES.
Tweet me numbers you cuties33
Please support our cause and clinic by coming out to our event May 4th!
We are going to be having tons of fun!
HEY I HEARD YOU WERE A WILD ONE
what happened?
Jeff Fisher is overrated....there i said it
Hanging with my homies and can't wait till next weekend, we are performing at Madison Square Garden!
YO WAS UP?
: WATCH FAMILY OUTING.
Laaaaadyyy!
The Met 2012/13 brochure arrived today and you are mentioned twice.
So proud of you xoxo
BestBuy are total losers!
They cancelled all promised Black Friday deals.
Do you want to give your business to a Co.
that is ruining Xmas?
IOM says Sudanese deal struck over resettlement
breezy and rihanna cant make it more obvious anymore seriously :''D swear when they say theres nothing going on 1 more time Ill LMBO!
WHAT?!?!
You don't have your talk perfectly planned like I do?
tsk, tsk.
; 
Take everything in moderation.
Including moderation.
and his 'Lucy', has led to the filing of a divorce petition in Supreme Court, the Daily Mirror learned recently.
McKay Jenkins speaks about his book What's Gotten in to Us?
TODAY  noon in the Rines!
Join us for this informative Brown Bag Lecture!
I can indeed think of a better way to kick off Oscar week.
Stay home and watch all the movies better than those nominated.
Thoughts and prayers go out to the people effected by the earthquake/tsunami, thankful I live in natural disaster proof MD
Pretty flacko can come on at anytime and I just can't control myself.
Ugh my loud as auntie over here.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
LOVE AND MISS YOU.
WISH I WAS THERE!
DINNER IS ON ME call me and I'll order you a nice treat!
xoxxoxoxo
We 3 our staff as well as our customers, so any book marked with a staff pick sticker is 15 off this month!
do they have multiple takes for the boardoctorom scene or does it just shoot straight through?
Is any of it scripted?
without my phone i'd die
had fun at gabby's party and wishes they were friends instead of just coworkers.
is Barone's too far?
RT : fastest wifi router?
Linksys E4200v2  I agree.
Just set one up the other day for a SMB.
Impressed.
I'd say me and were in shock at all that options at the shop today.
Lol
Are you a Morman?
Pacing in silent agony.
what a treat for them!
Do the students help to plan the event?
Theory of a Deadman is from Canada?
U are funny
Frank Gross!
Who the hell are you??
New England/NY fans have it good RedSox, Patriots, Giants, Yankees, I have felt true pain Browns, Nats Wizards
Ok thanks
Then they would be the first impartial provider of news.
:
I go to extreme lengths for the ones I love!
I will admit it is a vexed relationship, but I love the savethelastdance soundtrack
Hookah bar with best friend 
follow right now oooorr you don't get a cookie.
yes that means you.
Looks like we are kicking off an off night service Saturday, May 19!
More info on that coming soon!
There were some support articles where people could make it work by booting into 32bit.
Didn't work for me though
Check out our page to see our latest announcement!
Nap achieved!!
Gaw, I feel so much better.
Looking for some twitter guides on how to do certain things on twitter...direct message me if you have some info.
saskatoon, eh?
nice.
they're looking for local, though.
sorry.
You should run a herpes train
HarryConnickJr will be at Wolf Trap Park on June 15th!
what are we doing up at 4:40?
Definitely beautiful creatures!
Have you seen the movie preview with the dolphin who survived with no tail?
Looks great :
Headed to Santa Fe and just passed Weatherford location.
This that cheatin i was talking bout smh
4song EP Bullet For A Rose as well as 3 singles now available on itunes
I agree.
I think the tenure line limitation is bad policy.
I was just restating policy.
Neely: A syllabus is like a contract.
Should include all info students need in order to succeed in your class.
Follow See my tweets about Grandpa Fred.
We all need
Client side Javascript model makes and AJAX request to a server side controller.
Good MVC?
Ridiculously tired.
Why do I've to get migraines that zap my energy, plus turn me into a CrankyPants MegaBitch???
Will alex ever wear a tshirt?
Fee: as an oral historian I have to help a woman standard the value of her story.
It's not just the generals every story matters
Surprises let me know she cares
aww man the internet is messing up again gonna have to go soon :/
A/B experiment?
RT using this title?
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible, make violent revolution inevitable.
yes, and also because it's my birthday!
The man who is willing to put in the time and meet the requirments is the one you want to stick around
Playing battle ship with grandma!:
Thanks Tim!
No girl suck dick but somehow all niggas gettin head.
Niggas only fuck bad bitches but all these ugly girls gettin pregnant SOMEBODY LYING
RT : The best way to prepare for life is to begin to liveElbert Hubbard
Intensity vs volume.
Another Dodgers SCTop10 What a play, Justin Sellers makes a Willie Mays catch from 3B in foul territory and tumbles into the stands.
Wowza
Another great album that doctorpped last week: Eric Hutchinson  Moving Up Living Down
Thats a wrap!
CelticNation NBAPlayoffs I just burned 90 calories chewing the fuck outta my straw in the 4th quarter.
I am hooked on Time Warner's Dance/Electronica music station while I'm working....
makes the whole apartment vibrate!
:
YAY WE MIGHT B GOING TO VENIS BEACH TOMORROW YYAAYY ITS HOT!!!!!
Just had orange slices.
Bringing back my kindergarten days.
Good Morning, Evvvvverrybawdy!!
What a ridiculous time of day , this is.
Seriously.
Nobody should be awake, right now.
Well..I shouldn't.
:
I LOVE YOU FOR INTRODUCING THIS BOOK INTO MY LIFE.
I apologize for assuming you'd oppose out of state insurers, out of hand.
Thanks!
We share many of the same values.
I look forward to speaking with about
RT : S/o street team...lookin like an entire school class out on a field trip..hittin the streets w
Just starting 50/50.
Heard it was a good movie.
Listening to hiteknowledge 2 great piece of work.
I want to make the sickest collab!!
Something that everyone bumps to!
I need that IT song, that got flavor and
What's YOUR favorite thing about the ocarina?
i'm enjoying it.
:
Happy Friday Allie!
Thank you for following me!
I'd love to follow you back if I may.
You're a very beautiful  sexy lady!
Impossible situations can become possible miracles.
Robert H.
Schuller

i Get More Attention From My Male Friends Than i Do From The MFs Thats Suppose To Show it To Me The Most .
.
british accent sometimes charming, sometimes indecipherable, and mumbling and fasttalking don't help.
Alright, finally getting to producing the first Massive Rocket Radio commercial for The White Rabbit.
Here goes!
Thanks!
we had a lot of fun w/ our Carhartt reps  are very pleased w/ the results!
it is, I am finally putting my time into something.
What do you think?
Avengers was a blast.
Here's my ranking of the Big 4 Ironman, Thor, Hulk, captainin America.
All 4 are awesome, though.
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful, loving mothers out there!!!
Especially mine.
The best support system I ever will have.
I'm her
Tax Moonpie's in Mississippi to solve debt crisis.
HELP!
Trying to come up with something special for Max to do when he hits 21 next month  doesn't doctornk or gamble  so .
.
.
???
Why the fuck would some asshole doctorssed like the statue of liberty, twirling a baton, make me think about taxes?
Is there a Waka Flocka adlib soundboard?
Or just a rapper soundboard in general?
How much better would that make conversations?
Ready to get off....hurry up 4pm
Every1 lets follow my sis plz she barley started and she is and ICONiac
wow!
my mom wont let me see One Direction!
I'm in the buildin!
Remember how when we started archery I made a bet I'd be the first one to shoot myself through the hand?
Guess what I did today haha.
A special welcome to those of you not on Twitter!
Hope you're enjoying the Tweet Stations  lurking  learning!
Finally got my oovoo working: ..
lol
Explain how you got started in your industry.
This gives your audience a chance to connect on a more personal level.
Then you've come to the right place, the internet will do that for you
Sexed is all abstinence until marriage and samesex marriage is banned.
Now it's impossible for gays to multiply.
Clever!
Check out Shadow Left on Facebook facebook.com/shadowleft
Paging doctor Faggot
Wish you would have never hit my car.
Loyalty is not something you can gain by just expecting it...it's something you, in turn, have to earn.
Like life, it's a two way street.
Go to www.watchnhllive.com to register before the NHL starts up again to gain access to all the hockey games you want and need join forum to
: : the issues raised perceived conflict are fair.
I believe we should retain finacial advisors on a flat fee ...
This Hot Water Fina Feel Good Ta My Body !!
Thank you.
It's always been one of my favorites.
Maybe I'll put it on a TShirt or print it out as nice as I can  frame it.
:
Time for bed!!!
Goodnight world!
I would love to be the celebrity spokesperson for They could, of course, pay me in tacos.
Quite possibly the worst SNL ever
check out fine yoga in Beijing
Hey N.C.
suck me and then go outlaw yourself
I put a bunch of Smarties out on the reference desk.
They are almost gone.
Students seem amazed there is free candy.
YC's 'Racks' Producer Sonny Digital Talks Collabo
me jarred cliff and macaiyah about to come.
you in bader?
Okay, I totally missed something.
Was it in the cereal?
What To Expect When You're Expecting's Rodoctorgo Santoro Talks Getting Ready For Kids And preparing for the 300 sequel.
Happy 135th Birthday Colorado!
Rio 3's CO
felton is costing us ping pong balls tonight
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ALL
I love being in the car with my boyfriend for some reason.
3
I like the pic, but minor correction: King beat Hopper, Shilling beat Kapanke.
:
I HATE forgetting to put earrings in in the morning 
you headed to the grand canyon?
Not right now, last night it was WW3.
LoL
Today's the day!
NYU graduation.
Morgan's 16th birthday.
WHAT A DAY :!!
Excited to hear Steve Nobel speak about hugging your clients
ok, thank u!
U been ok?
partying my ass off...just kiding..
there ya go dick
that is just enough :
it is?
lol
say hi to Brie ;
I will teach u there is an app for everything!
Not all are free though!
People are stupid these days..
The short title for HR 2309 Postal Reform is the CPR Act.
Introduced in June, it has 1 cosponsor.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 32
When in Madison this weekend, get loaded off of SpottedCow.
BestBeerEver.Or search for the OctoBong!
Depressed that I will not get to see a Rangers game in Zona
Fish don't fry in the kitchen.
Beans don't burn on the grill...
aw lucky bastard, I gotta wait another week for mine, and there's the car show in between...
Dang, ATL airport is huge!
Must be 10 active runways...
The air traffic control people better be caffeinated and on their game!
Tomorrow's starting line for SCIAC 4 hosted by : , Miles Cole, , Hazzaa, Reiger, and
thank u!
Have a great day as well!
The guys in Spanish soap operas woo 
congrats on the launch  I'm excited to follow and perhaps jump in!
A hug is a great gift  one size fits all, and its easy to exchange
thanks on that follow back
jazz music is all set for a fantastic wedding
That would be fair game.
Whoever did it was clever enough.
Thanks Man!!
: District lookup map isn't working for me, but kudos for diving into the maps api That's where the fun is cc:
Hey there , thanks for the shout!
Hope you had a good weekend and are having a great start to the week!

You are welcome!
Break a leg!
Not surprised.
Every new Todd Snider album is boss.
Just met some awesome tridelts in line at Diddy Riese.
Love when that happens!
loves ya !
Good morning world make sure to check out www.platinumposts.com
After a long day of selling 30 hats today, off to hill final goodfriday service.
Frank will be missed.
By nobody.
RT By this time next week Frank McCourt is officially OUT, Team Magic IN.
yeah im here
Thought and prayers go out to the family and friends of Kenny McKinley
Waiting for the airconditioning guy who is already 40 minutes late to our anytime between 8 and 12 appointment.
replay Donnie, Kim Burrell, Tyler Perry and Kevin Costner
I wanna see it happen
I watched America's Got Talent last night and was pissed at all the stupid ass people that made it.
Air doctorms?
Go figure !
Maybe we should force sophomores to wear an S on their shirts and hide them away so that we won't get their immature cooties.
Crrapp running late!!!
RT : Wen u coming home???
Need a special hair du
I've been feeling recently.
/:
Do you wanna go there?
Yes, I see boys in the window.
Don't get nervous girlfriend with that smile you will be fine!
There a bunch of people who put there doctorwers on,like you and me
fuck your doctorams theyre worthless 'im sorry.
But thats not what my hero says.' thank you for inspiring me.
The Argonaut on H St.
had a fire and tonight the Rock  Roll Hotel is throwing a benefit.
I donated some artwork to help out.
Go see!
I'm enjoying the rain in LA  it's cleaning our city and gives a sense of a peaceful quiet.
I am loving life!
So blessed
Kind of conceded to want alot of followers  people pushing you then follow none isn't is?
What's your most productive time of day?
Before noon, after, evening, or if you're crazy, night?
I'm much more of a morning person.
Go!
Baby Go!
so tired dont want to go to skool tom....:
If you're out there somewhere reading all my tweets feeling as if you are back in my life, you aren't.
Please stop trying to get back
You remember our Lou Gehrig.
When he was stricken and could not play, I appointed him a Commissioner on the Parole Board.
Help create strong, interwebbed social media campaigns by working together
Called my mom today said hi ...
3 seconds later said bye whatagreatmom 
Jaming to my brothe bachata mix then some while this long 5 hour flight ..
Jerk trucker is a jerk.
Winter just got real.
9 degrees and some actual snow on the ground.
let's go HAWWWKS
RT : just made a couple bookings at the Inn today!
Hope to see you soon

Headed to get it in this morning //// that means somehting different in my house
i've alway wanted a house that has secret tunnels to get to 's house...
New topic  Olympus E7 what you are expect or hoping for...
It is a very small world.
Which is pretty awesome actually.
UC u have possibly the shittiest dorms known to mankind.
My gf had to put up with ur shit all year but hey we can always afford a multi
ayyyeeee we gotta finish that track!!
This certified bang too hard.
:why the hell can't metro pcs users text :' Not fair, I wanna win CaliChristmas tickets too, I'm just broke
...
sit in the corner in the living room for the rest of her life.
doctornkin at the traintracks.
good night folks ;
Dear people who switch lanes in bumper to bumper traffic, I hope a bird poops in your window
Woke at 4 am and couldn't get back to sleep.
Apparently PPV is showing a movie called Submissive Sluts Seems early for that.
We are.
I'll look for you
dekalbcounty coward cop likes to shoot chained family pets when he screws up, kick pregnant women,  torture old ladies.
right?
Either way you STILL get to feel all superior!
:
I know, wouldn't it be fitting if brady got hurt in the 4th quarter and could plad in the AFC title game!
This bus right now
Dear work, you won.
Love, Kemet.
U tryna text?
Off to Providence, Rhode Island for today and tomorrowww.
Went on a 2 mile jog after lifting?
Akfhejvjsbdivhwgcjbsgshch.
I'm so excited I can't speak right!!
Two words for those horrible throws at the dunk tank.
C'mon Man!!
It was a cute pik!
Happy Tuesday!
And in the end, its not the years in your life that count.
Its the life in your years.
Abraham Lincoln
I'm such a bad parent.
:
Yes, I think iPhoto for iOS is worth 4.99.
It has a lot of features for the price.
May I interest you in some Goggles?
Sometimes I want rip my brain out of my head and scream at it for being so damn unreliable.
More Than This is a great song!
I will keep that suggestion in mind!
;
good head you bought something called that.
Idc or know wat dat is but that's goofy af
There once was a man from Nantucket; who ...
Oh, sorry.
Maybe later
I went there today!
It's also National Nylon Stockings Day...
but...
er...
um....
just don't go there, ladies.
Ever.
Cause I've got three little words that I've always been dying to tell you
point taken but who says 'not' anymore?
I can tell you, honest friend, what to believe: believe life; it teaches better that book or orator.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
so far I haven't, but will make an effort to, lovely voice
oh we here bro, 635 has never looked so good
RT : massage or facial treatment 3packs on sale now!
look amazing this holiday season!
on.fb.me/vE65rr
Dorney today with the crew!
Sounds exciting...
Well then...
socializeconf Listening to
That's because he can't win at anything.
yall know what it is...
Chillin in the house...kicked it with ma krown record familia toro and osito had a great time
Agreed.
This pair is quite something.
RT As they say, behind every great man is a great woman...
tiny.cc/86xmd
John how goes it sir?
yeah, theres no kid in andoctorws area other than some asain kid
Baby sittin again.
And bored as shit.
And zomg!
i am actually reading!
about 30 miles south of Monterey.
Julia Pfeifer Burns State Park.
Not enough superlatives to describe it.
Rise and shine CLO Breakfast Clubbers...breakfast is served!
I have yet to encounter a spellcheck dictionary that includes the word artifactual.
You're welcome!
Steven Tyler is a champion
uhsb given a 30 lead Parnaby fails to hold it as byu ties it up.
Parnaby had given up 9 runs of her 19 total to byu this year.
tigerblood if you don't know what it is, you don't have it!
Might be going to Montana tomorrow!!!
Graduation and Maggotfest...what a weekend it shall be!
thank you!
If not us, who?
If not now, when?
If not a Taco, then what?
nixgee that one was for you
good morning; 3
The old school hiphop is the best part.
Walked in on a Friday to Ice Cube.
that makes sense...we Browns fans love disappointment but if the Lions can build a winner I think there's still hope
I'm trying not too!
Hah
oh well then i guess ur right.
bobs his dick hahhah
ChileIsWaitingForYouAustin please come
Is it......Madison Alamia?!
TY for the mention FREE CASH BACK on purchases  over 3500 stores FREE  not strings attached!!!
so i totaly got my ZOMG bracelet today!!!!
thanks nate!!!
3 i love it!
Science does not know its debt to imagination.
thanks ny girl happy Tuesday to you too
No, in Central Austin...but luv the Hill Country..esp in Spring!
That moment when you realize that Chris Heimsworth is in 3 movies coming out this summer, and you just cant handle that much sexiness
It's a little doctor.
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 59
start a new 5 day split..by the way,,curse your SF giants
I follow everyone that follows me :
this could be a possibility.
Fingers crossed that its not one of those gutless nights that we have so often.
Haa.
Its not the same.
Felt the exact same way leaving there on Monday!!
RT : Frys Electronics is the worst store for customer service  another...
Love these warm nights!
Often we see that newbies are simply not invited back, sometimes due to not captainring contact info.
So long David DeJesus!
you've signed with the Cubs, and I'm sure you will bat .320, hit 20 HRs and doctorve in 75 RBIs.
Wow, thats just wrong!
What up with Florida, remind me never to go there, well Disney World ok!
I feel like watching Bug Juice.
I have been dying vying, trying to see that movie...aha, let me know when lady!
lets chill .
get em lebron...finish this game!
Yeah man.
Because sometimes I'm in the mood for a good bar fight.
Gotta know my target.
seconded.
Electra bike was the best thing I ever bought Jan.
Pacers showed some TrueGrit.
Loved Uncle DWest's ushering of the kiddos off the floor.
To look at the reviews apparently I'm the only one who has figured this out.
All forms of government ultimately are not going to achieve success in attempting to control or censor the Web.
YES I DID.
Jamming to Justin Bieber on my way to LA.
I'm disappointed that the station that airs the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show thought it needed to censor Time's cover.
I know right?!?
I said the same exact thing on facebook :D
yes I can
I always manage to spill something at a dinner table.
Hahaha..
loved your success article  thanks!!!
Sorry babe, will call you.
Just been really swamped lately, which I guess is a good thing.
I will.
...So I'd vote for just a basic website and then an awesome query letter, as someone below said.
Happy National Pancake Day!
Wonder what sort of pancakes they had in Spanish Colonial times?
Pinon and Blue Corn?
Ha.
There is a lot of buzz about future HARP changes.
We can help now, with our DU Refi Plus program.
Let us connect you with a loan officer!
Age aint nothin but a number
i would love a GoogaMooga ticket if you still have one to spare!
We are very happy to finally get to work with you guys.
Oh.
You're dating my ex?
Cool.
I'm eating a sandwhich.
You want these leftovers too?
:
RT : Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.
Jim Rohn
Did you know there are over 35 Coworking, Collaborative Workspaces in the Mke Region?
You can check them out during MKEInnovationWeek!
The mother of LA arson suspect Harry Burkhart says he is mentally ill.
Or as most of Hollywood would call him, German.
Advice often overlooked.
Nater is full of awesome wisdom.
like clockwork for the nuggets.
Blessed at the wonderful service at tonight.
We have INCREDIBLE worship leaders!
Thank you Stephen and Star Smith!!!
And the this
I was attracted by vision and mission for IAWBO.
Also loved her commitment to achieving more online in record time!
Nicki's clothes are outrageous, her wigs are overthetop, her flow schizophrenic but she can't sell any of that live or in a video.
you told me you loved me, so why did you go away?
I could use a hole to hind in right now...
ughh im tryin to fix my facebook cuz it got disable...
nd im loosen my patient wit this piece of crap
Today is National Peace Officer Day.
So may friends in law enforcement.
God bless you folks for what you do.
Would way rather be going to kickass show tonight then going to work!
Hope you guys kill it!
thnx for the follow...
Thanks.
Yes that's the plan.
Clubs are a little dusty.
And I know I'm a bit rusty.
Yup.
1,000 crabs...4 hours!
It's what we do Baltimore!
Thank you!
surf surf surf
tks always looking for new technology to use for my students and myself
Watching potential of wx pattern to become more stormy late in week, going into week of xmas, across much of East.
U.S.
nothing really u?
This week with Spott, you support and their Gifts of Life catalog, which keeps Tijuana health clinics running...
lol, it was too big and I couldn't hold it, so what was the use of knowing how to play?!
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time.
Sidebar: I had absolutely no expctatns b4 seeing Think Like a Man but it was hilarious!!
I actually wanna c it again lol
thx.
Let's keep the channel open.
Just found a street in SF named O'Farrell St.
Nice.
:
We've got amazing prices on Flyers and most of you need new flyers right now!!!
A thankful heart is not only the greatest virtue, but the parent of all the other virtues.
Cicero
love you too 
he made my night !
.: I think the American people would want us to chose childoctorn and their health insurance.
even though we about froze to death!
Jewish Proverb Never trust the man who tells you all his troubles but keeps from you all his joys.
not a flight risk and turned himself in.
Has to be looked at independent of media storm.
I know that's one helluva debate!
Don, great connecting w/ you at LA this week  thanks for the Twitter shout!
Shot you an email  hope to follow up w/ you soon.
Who will be
: I miss my boyfriend oh wait, I don't have one.
Let me put the real pussy in yo life ;
Mane m not coming out here no more wtf !
you read strib comments before 9 am on a Monday?
Brave man.
real men hm real men are so hard to come across in these days of time very few actually exist def taking my time when it comes to love
Nice night for a walk.
Too bad Im in the wrong city for that.
Both Hindenburg  Titanic carried mail to subsidize their journeys.
Mail contracts were lucrative.
2012 is starting off with a bang...just signed with a fabulous Literary Manager  about to start Text You for Teens.
You right tho, my ex LOVED to just watch in anticipation of her serving lol
in desperate need of a tan
okay...gotta go to school.
have a great day, friends!
very proud of you!!!
So glad its my friday, lookin forward to 2 days off!
looking forward to meeting the team!
don't worry I am
no because the guy is will
Booth 39 at Rossini Festival  see you soon!!
I bet they won't!
your not that important!
:
JamesGangSKC Where would you like to watch SKC games at in St.Joe?
Oops, meant to send that from this account.
I hardly ever check that other one.
loved my otterbox but not watertight.
Lifeproof is watertight
In Milwaukee strippers ask for tips when they show over ..
The Chester County Hospital has announced plans to construct a 3floor, 93k sq ft patient care tower with 72 private rooms
all guys are the same.
once i meet one that's actually different, then i'll say that i was wrong.
until then, FUCK guys.
dumbasses d:
Miles Cole was Oxy's low today with a 75, Weiss followed with a 76.
Full results to come soon...
People really need to get the full story before making false accusations...
2011 is starting slow....
but I'm having a feeling its gonna pic up.
s piece has reinspired me to concentrate on head pieces.
Tony Bingham, CEO of ASTD is now talking about importance  future of mobile learning.
Thanks booboo.
I get to present my fav subject ...
cats!
Vote n the primary tomorrow!
They're still trying to do hip hop in that old ass coffee shop?
and date guys with beards cause bearded men lead more peaceful lives
relaxing in this nice weather how u doing
have you tried another email addoctorss?
I just checked and it worked for me.
Is your current email afraid to rock??
:
Serge Iblocka doesn't let anything get past him
Thank you Kayakyour thoughts mean a lot on this long ride home...
If you have received a direct message from Renew Chicago today about bad blogs, please delete it and do not click on the link.
She left RIAA to spend time with family before Bieber existed.
There are no such things as miracles.
It's just plain luck.
MetricEclipse
Livetechondemand.com online virus removal, via remote access!
Anywhere in the world all you need is an internet connection
stay out of the stabby zones!
I want to see your pretty face again.
lmao!
I know right...
Ima need you to be here to hop in front of some bullets just incase lol
New Kids On The block had a bunch of hits  Chinese food makes me sick.
And I think it's fly when girls stop by for the summer.
::lfo::
Just booked a PayPal commercial!
Yippee!
I got my
I wonnder if a tall skinny person  a short fat person waz on fire who would
Will have to check it out Mike.
RT : Thanks to Paul Dickson for the enjoyable new book on my Dad.
Fun read.
DEF: DiBernardo did not shoot to kill victim, accidentally fired shot into abdomen when victim moved toward DiBernardo
yes better starting point would be: all about the experience.
inevitably leads to procedural designs, real participation, etc.
When did my area become a haven for potheads : lol second day in a row the area around my corner store reeked of pot
Loving the pandora comedy stations
I have a crazy idea for you.
Anxious to chat.
Cheers!
I like to sleep..
I just dont like to wake up or go to bed.
x5
hii bo boo i love my lil sister
Think about it.
Pray about it.
JOURNEY YOUTH
This restaurant is so fucking lame as hell
GR8 point RT : Youve got to want it, to win it.
You cant force anyone to learn anything that they dont want to learn.
Well hes definitely a contradiction to the core of Christianity.
Be sure to stop by 2nd  Wisconsin Ave  see a beautiful display by in , announcing their fall arrival Downtown!
Being unemployed and struggling to find a job has to be one of the worst feelings ever!
I second, search results are no longer showing up.
Every time I think I have figured out where Nauert's strike zone is, he confounds again
RT : Feels like a good night to hit 3,000
hope u find one patti and pray that i can i get motivated to get out of the house and find one myself.

propaganda fueling nationalism, corruption in favor of the wealthy, the corruption of politics by wealth, etc...
my favorite kind of BLT!!
Are you guys coming back to the upper west side?
Need my joyride frozen yogurt fix!
ok nia....how can I get a Chris Hayzel ringtone
that is not good.....
oh, it's 's birthday?!
Happy Birthday!
And didn't leave you for Prince Harry, so things are looking GOOD!
what no Penelope Cruz?
Actions cause responses..
Religion/Morals/Philosophy influence a persons actions
You're taking the pessimistic approach...
one can always strive to do better.
That struggle represents the fuel of humanity.
lol glad you figure out how to work it : better than pandora ey?
:
Monday morning, hesitate, can't get out of bed.
congratulations on your unbridled ambition and desire to GSD!
I need a PickMeUp to outweigh the bad.
Looking for the good in this mess.
The ground of justification is the blood of Jesus Christ.
He paid fr this righteousness given 2 us.
: Best friends don't let you do stupid things.....
Alone.
Wow, that was fast!
Everyone go follow if you don't already!!
:D
if you see this by any chance can I get a follow from you, 
Good day at the cherry blossom festival on the sw waterfront.
Music and crab cakes from the.
Not so many cherry blossoms though.
welcome to my world
Parents are quick to point the finger when their child acts up, when they are the blame.

4.25M in real estate sales YTD plus I have another contract offer currently being considered.
Good for me, my clients  the econony!
At Bankers Life Field House in Indy watching 's Hawks take on 's Pacers.
Is Fried's breaker just an out pitch, or is he comfortably throwing it in any count?
A great day for our next generation today
OH captainIN, MY captainIN!!!
BOOM!
There moment I wish I was invisible to u
what is he supposed to do for his fans that live far away?
There's nothing besides ustream.
He hasn't even had ustream for
Totally stoked!
I just won tickets to the Dublin Down Festival from UNLVTickets.
Awesome.
NIce one, G!
Aquarius are...what you want but can't have!!!!
Lol :p
First two days of camp were Amazing!!!
Goin places, rollin j's, I live the life you wish you had.
Wizdom oO
Can't believe I'm actually at a 10pm movie AND it's scary.
The Thing.
Your mother is so careless with semantics.
She replaces indefinite articles with definite ones in series titles.
Annoyed by liers
The Lord is compassionate and merciful, slow to get angry, and filled with unfailing love.
Psalm 103:8
but I'm da youngest of the 3 :
Tarmac not a good place to be waiting after this supposed earthquake.
I hate to love you.
you're the nasty one I was talking about my psychology!
Sheesh...
Lol
just signed up on twitter.
I handle the neuro at PLoS Bio.
We should, like, know each other, and stuff.
I've always wanted a pet pig too!
Maybe we can adopt one together and have joint custody?
It's not to late to get that great Valentines day gift!
We are open til 7pm.
Bath and Body Bistro 110 Morningside NE !
ed sheeran, if you had a micro pig that could lay golden eggs, what would you name it?
P.s I love you.
From amber xo
I've come to a realization today.......
DISCLAIMER: WHAT I SAY IS IN NO WAY INTENDED TO BE RACIST.
heads up that I'm seeing a bunch of HTTP 500s.
Although I'm guessing you use one of those error reporting services!
Went to WAPF Ventura meeting and met Theresa who is going to help balance my pregnant state of mind: www.tvernonlac.com
Dance meets technology in 2 performances of Alban Elved  SECCA/ Sat.
and Sun.
Check www.secca.org for ticket info.
Hope to see you there.
Other industries have discovered the efficiencies of cloudcomputing and SaaS combined with getting your clients online.
Healthcare is due.
If you could make a wish for the world and have it come true, what would you wish?
TheAwkwardMoment When You Open The Bathroom Door And Somebody Is Already In There
I need to focus.
I can't have anything distract me.
I have to do this.
I will get myself back to the person I want to be.
Someone likes Eraserhead...Great work on the vid buds.
Me too RT : I could probably subsist on guacamole and cheese alone.
Preparing for the next trip to Cambodia!
Want to join in?
ReplaceSongLyricsWithPaul Do you ever feel like a plastic Paul; doctorfting through the wind, wanting to start again?
On the dango paper chase mane I done been up for three dango hours gettin this dango money mane!!!
In many situations, the breath becomes the lifeline.
The breath is is one thing that we can hold on to.
Gethsemane's Garden, Golgotha's Hill, the borrowed tomb, the ascension to the Father was all unto Pentecost's Upper Room.
Who knew?
RT DisneyFact The Aristocats was inspired by a true story of a Parisian family of cats c.
1910 that inherited a fabulous fortune.
My nails are a lovely shade of Bud Light Blue.
That Happened to me not too long ago
alright meet u ther opr ill see u inside?
Can someone keep me posted on the Baylor Game.
Another Perfect night last night.
40.
The least two Days have yielded a magnificent record of 13 wins and 0 Losses.
Hi there.
Looking to see if we can book you on this Monday PM on SlutWalk.
What's the best way to reach you?
Just relaying the past.
: If you have MLA annual meeting venue ideas, suggest on MLA '12 evaluations.
Be sure to join us in the library tomorrow 12:301:30 for a Maker Break!
We'll be creating paper snowflakes and enjoying hot chocolate.
Click the link and then go to entertainment heading.
Scroll down and its on da right next to my pic.
Wow.
Fantastic updates to the My platform.
Great customer user experience
I'm not from here
I did everything that came across my desk.
So I'm ok with it!
and it begans
.
Dizround1, D.N.A 2, and D.N.A edged it in the third cuz Diz wasted time and d.n.a made the crowd boo Diz.
Bisi, that's a legit price or are YOU trolling?
Lol
CM doctornk Is trending?
come on guys that is disrespectful!
My heart is about to pop out my skin
do i cry while watching casper?
yes.
yes i do.
p.s.
devon sawa!!!
I'm broadcasting the Broncos NFL doctorft Party live tomorrow.
Follow for the links.
great seeing you too, lady bird!
Lets do HH soon.
Weaver's reaction is just awesome!
Wish me luck on my Softball Game?
3
Aww my brat of an 8 year old cousin was in tears when I left.
I can't wait til his wedding to remind him.
3
It's true, rocked the house!
What bands are you playing with these days?
I just read.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
All my prayers to you and xoxo
A Charles Dickens quote for CIOs in honor of his 200th: Do all the good you can, and make as little fuss about it as possible
Congrats at achieving your Kickstarter goal!
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 13 Washington Redskins 20 End Of 3rd buccaneers redskins nfl
Ted Williams the next Bob Shepard?
The current guy at the stadium sounds like he sucks on helium before every pitch
1st LoveVoodoo DE Meet  Greet will be this Friday, Jan 6th at Tom Foolery's in Middletown, DE.
Come join us!
I LOVE !!!!!
BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!!
Thanks for your help, Jason!
Scorpio always takes the sexual temperature in any room!
Stay one step ahead of them by keeping something hidden from them to reveal later
Business n bullshit today.
I'm ready fa it to be over.
They kilt my bday fareal
laundoctor is going watching titantic searching youtube.
im pretty cool
It's officially my favorite month :D
you don't look a day over the 363rd day!
Happy Birthday.
:
well i'm a woman and i would be completely freaked out by it!
if that counts for anything.
Woohoo off of work till next year!!!
Hey , what's a good use of QR code in classrooms?
Got a teacher presenting her 5th grade service learning project via QR!
Autistic people need to turn to someone to help, because NO ONE helps Autistics  no one cares.
Anyone have an affiliation with the police?
Would like to speak to someone about ticket scams.
Line out in Bath 22
thats way cool kim..
Ur amazing:
that's why we always have to take my car.
WeWontWork if you never make time for me
he love the way im ridin , they love the way im ridin ciararide
At pizza ahuttle
The Zooey Deschanel and Leon Redbone version of Baby, It's Cold Outside is phenomenal.
I can't think of a better rendition.
thanks so much for meeting with us this afternoon.
We are excited about the future!
Whoever said It's all in the journey never had to deal with Penn Station.
Thanks for sending me the new twitter addoctorss
Wish me luck!
Just applied for a paid internship for the Modesto Nuts Baseball media crew!
I'm wondering what your biggest paper organizing challenge is.
Please share.
i miss you guys, so much.
We should go get some mexican when you come to dallas!
c;
i love the supportive ppl in my life.
L O V E.
3
ha!
Agreed!
I love her, I mean I want to be her, I mean idk what I want!
Hahah miss u!
ha no its cool.
we talked about it.
she wasn't tripping her sister just made a big deal about it
I love spending my Cinco de mayo at the hospital.
.
social websites are startin to suck right about now
Minus the eye liner.
RT : amy winehouse
Cant believe its the 81st birthday of Bham, ALs Willie Mays.
No question he was the best that ever played.
It's So Nice Outside :
thanks for music recco : .
on rotation now, me like.
Great insight today Shopper Centric Design Huge thanks to Kelly Smith !!
What kind of herbs do you suggest for cleansing?
Badgers Cassandoctorh Darrah named B1G CoPitcher of the week.
Posted two wins and a 0.58 ERA to help UW to a series sweep of Penn State
yayayayyaya.
you dont know anything about me
ha, for reals?:o
send me an email to let me know what times you are available to do the mix show.
Correction, 3k activist join for vasen call!
goodnight then I got the message loud  clear!
Is the book really better than the movie or do you just want me to waste time reading this book?
I believe God is constantly challenging us, stretching us to dare to believe Him even when things seem impossible.
Fell off a cruise ship.
I wouldn't say I survived, I'd say I thrived.
In the fat cat room at the Humane Society 
Females really thinking they're attractive because a lot of guys want to have sex with them...
NEWSFLASH: HE HEARD ABOUT YOU.
really tasty!!
And the best team won!!!
Go Habs GO!
Must book flight to MTL now!!
Guys have to be treated good too, its not all about the girl in the relationship.
Thanks lover!
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.Maya Angelou.
Happy Birthday, Maya!
Hangin with and at 's next  superbowl Party
did you get deets yet?
ok baby: i love u kisses!!!!3
Thanks so much for following us!
Keep up the great work!
Bout to hit those streets with love of Christ!!!
EXPOSE.Empower.Unleash.
Things that make you go hm....?
Thanks for the RT's!
, ,
Great thought before bed: RT Behind every great achievement is a doctoramer of great doctorams.
Robert K.
Greenleaf
have a heart...
give it to some one!
Happy Valentines day People!
RT : Btw if u put 5 different colors of MM's in your beer mug, your beer turns green.
Speak Up provides school,districtstate leaders w/similar local or regional data from stakeholders to inform their policies,programsfunding
so much.
You haver no idea.
Can I get a little help sschat in coming up with lesson for columbian exchange incorporating real foodstuffs?
Our Sources tell us Bobby Brown intends on filing a lawsuit against Whitney's Funeral Security Detail, man he won't let Whitney rest!
Shaq just graduated Barry University?
What a guy.
I hope to be back in school soon.
stfu always beating to the punch 1 of days i am goin to have a badd ass female nigga that u can't have
: the interactive portion should be an adjunct to a real, live community.
Ehh...
no...
haha .
but it was a close game :3
Currently looking for staffing professorssionals in Manhattan!
A/F Full Cycle Recruiters Manhattan IT Full Cycle Recruiters Manhattan Sales 
Funny, I've had a Tweety professorle for over a year but didn't get it.
I think I get it now...
I think we're influential about unicorns according to Klout.
It obvious your fine, but I just wanna make love to your mind
I don't follow too many ppl who r paleo insiders.
What r they saying?
That's the way  uh huh uh huh  I like it  uh huh uh huh!
Chipotle serves us kid size burrito bowl per request, then charges full price, explaining they don't offer kid size.
Please.
RT this is making sound botlike cyborg  block of vision and the feed.
wow.
your on my Twitter!
I been on a super loss  rarely gain type thing.
I lose people or people let go of me.
that's too mean
hope my classes don't conflict with the cults show at
MIAMI  Florida International has fired men's basketball coach Isiah Thomas, after the Hall of Fame player went 2665 in three seasons.
: What'd I miss?
not a thing whats good
You're welcome!
:
Working on my new website.
I hope to launch it by May 1st!
Stay tuned for updates :
thanks!
We should be recording a new episode this week.
To post your sessions, PM me your email addoctorss and will set you up.
On my way to work
Why do the spokespeople in Kashi cereal commercials always come across slightly ....special?
when I'm with you, it's like the world is just for us.
FLIPPING OUT CANT WAIT TO SEE 's BOYFRIEND VIDEO!!!!
:D
Boom.
Nailed it.
oneillgglass RT : Long Day's Journey Into Flight.
Wow, that 3 day weekend went by quickly.
maxx.
sock monkey.
i want one in each color.
I believe there is a mad Mex down under.
You should check them out.
Looking forward to heading to Chicago for NASBHC conference on schoolbased health care next week.
Watch for posts from event.
stayed up till midnight doing homework i could care less if im in pjammas and its supposed to be 70 degrees today
New Orleans kicked my ass
Love the proactive listening from the and connecting with me after saying I want to see them live again soon.
You guys rock!
Then monster  5hr energy!
RT : Monster  RT : Coffee...
Yes yes, that good kick in tha a in tha morning!
Shorty just attacked me from the blindside.
Used to be a player now I'm sidelined.
Connect like wifi, Mixed like tyedye.
she just looked at me weird.......
RT : The Local Web: A Video Infographic.
shows local opportunities national brands are...
Tonight's show with Behemoth / WATAIN / The Devil's Blood / In Solitude is completely SOLD OUT!
GET READY TO ROCK!!!!
keep up the good work!
askzayn Do you need to cast off the post to attract the attention of millions, or something else???
..
Mavs fans sick right now
It's a new dawn.
It's a new day.
I'm still too pumped from The Avengers to sleep
Reed Hastings speaking now at
Looks like we'll have to attend!
RT : Looks like we'll be serving tacos at the Urban Garden Party next month!
Kneedeep in SPSS for a custom report on a client's student services.
It's been a long time since I did a survey project.
Both.
Personal content is valuable to businesses.
Utilities/tools/offers are important to the consumer.
Thanks for the warm welcoming ladies.
I fear another technological addiction is on the horizon.
Yeah.
But now that I see what scalpers are getting for them I'll probably just sell your seats and by myself a new car.
YEE Pizza time!
:D
Alert: September 2nd Art, Music  Old Fashioned Soap Box Speeches with ClayGlassMetalStone Gallery  bit.ly/southfloridaalerts
Welcome to those faculty members visiting from Poland's Adam Mickiewicz University !
Go ducks.
Who knew?
Why do I keep running from the truth All I ever think about is you You got me hypnotized So mesmerized And Ive just got to know
I would LOVE a with you How fun would that be?!
who knew this photo shoot would 2 b an all day production!
the finished product will b worth it, shout out to KUL Magazine!
Lets Get It!!!
let's get a matching pair!
Thatstupidmomentwhen you apologise to someone and they should be the ones apologizing.
Thanks for coming!
RT : Had a gr8t brunch Need 2 go back 2 try da rest of da menu.
TriTip Hash 
You too RT : Thank you for the follow!
hugs I know you lost a friend, too.
My condolences.
I am that Ambitious Girl wussup
I feel your pain.
I've been setting on a story that could/should have been finished 3 years ago.
no hon.
NYC only.
Oh me too!
but I'll spice up twitter in a bit : lol
Actually !
MT On w Rachel tonight on MSNBC at 9.
My task: explain how bad GOP budget is HInt:ThisSpeakerGoesTo11
Wow Carrie Ann calm down!
Talk more about the dance please!
Eager has degressed over the past 2 years.
Happy Turkey stuff and stuff.
: RT : stlcards have called a press conference for 9 a.m.
CDT today at Busch Stadium  Pujols is staying!
or Tony.
you lucky girl!
I hate Jb
okay YES PLEASE.
Zeus isn't quite as appreciative of my dance moves.
Today's tip: Try adding in a little exercise before a meal.
Even just a 10minute walk can help decrease your appetite.
Roll call: I'm at the Spring Game...
Who's with me?

cracking me up tonight, man.
Also a '97 grad still waiting for the phone to ring.
Lets go CAPS.
Satellites are a motherfer!
love da song cant wait for the cd and you grown up to be a sexy man
call me
thank you 4 following us, very nice designs..
thanks babe :
Quarterback Chris Forcier will participate in Pro Day at Furman University tomorrow.
That was freaking amazing!!!!!
:D best night ever!!!!!
Spring Break
TELL WFX What is your greatest need around training for your tech team?
Rick Ross just signed Omarion to MMG
Yeeeeaaahhhhhhh.
It's probably not your face.
Are they predominantly male?
I hate the fact that you say you miss me, but you don't do anything about it.
Does anyone have a Pinterest account?
And if so, would you be willing to send me an invite?
thanks!
I have to show you it when i see you!
and yes!
Im so excited!
.
And we will work out the details.
Have no idea how that happened!
So sorry and chat w u soon!
And Elijah Johnson for the lead!!!!
7 Be lucky.
Donald Trumps rules of success.
Rule 8 coming in 4 hours.
110 cappers posted today with tonight's action and 5 consensus from their pks and looking to repeat like last nites 51 record and all FREE
holy shit either get back together or stop tweeting about each other daily cuz we get it
Here's to a wonderful and prosperous 2012 for all...
: please that's 's fault for not reading the pitching reports that I put in w/his daily bible passages
i just can't!
i'm a die hard.
they'll come around one day...
even if i'm like 90 by then.
Bill Clinton obama support of gaymarriage ensures support of all seniors who doctoram of grandchildoctorn in same sex marriages.
I understand!
haha no i wish :
Futures favorite doctornk is sprite  lean
I'm filling my fridge with pickles and Arizona's!
Say something if you want to but I suggest you pack your lunch when you come over.
poo on hackers!!!
OTH break over and back to studying!
Had fun this week with.
Brooke,Hope,Layne,Taylor,Rylan,Shelbie,Sloan,Sawyer,Evan, and Aaron:
On my way to support my sister Prophetess Angela Jones, it's about to go down!
I do not want the inaugural championship trophy to bear the Paterno name.
Will become known as Stagginsertpun
this kids name was fuk.
Whenever he said something werid we would all say what the fuk?
WOWWW way to steal my shit!!!!
And I get no credit.
Ima start copywriting my ish
you and Mahomieswe are forever and always a family
may i recommend one of doctorBailey's Hot Toddies?
29 out of 30 Helens agree it beats the shit out of Nyquil
I cant believe i'm having a hard time doctorwing white ppl!
This is so not good.
It's all happening in Oakland right now: the occupiers vs.
tear gas, grenades,  a new armored tank.
Yeah, Oakland has a tank.
for sure lol
King of being the 2nd best on the heat .Game throwing fucking rich ass loser,you need big names to save you
This fight is sick.
The crowd loves the underdog, always.
LOST my FRIGGING PHONE!
NOT HAPPY JAN!
76 pins in my head.
On my way to a shoot w/
.
thanks for the shout out!
It's going to be a good year for the races
RT  Two first place teams, the Indians and the Yankees, collide in Cleveland on Monday for game one of their series...
City bbq smells soo good
Have you seen it?
3
I hope The Sixers Hulk Smash the Celtics!
First session with Business buyers don't buy your products, they buy into your approach to solving their problem.
I know thats right
ThingsMyExSaid my ex means nothing to me ..
or your the only girl in my life  LIES ON LIES ON LIES ya hurd
good.
And why not?
This weeks special: 59 Sky  Sea Facial includes mask, extractions, and pampering for one hour!
Say Ah!
I wanna go out I'm bored I'm sick been and house every weekend
LOCAL commercials during the super bowl.
I'm so GLAD it's Friday!
Been one hell of a week, and I need to get doctornk!
Intermission at 'End of the Rainbow.' Tracie Bennett giving it her all.
Incredible portrayal of Judy Garland.
Thanks for the great writeup in the a few weeks ago!
RT : Throw kids gifts out?
Sad?
Kids have nothing to do with this.
How are you my dear?
Keeping people honest and in the know I bet; Change only happens when we are informed!
Big Basketball tonight!
Tough road game  Wisconsin.
Join us for some Badger hunting.
I had the same thought!
So many looked older than 40...then I thought maybe that is how I look :
Today I'm listening to Vic Rosenthal talking about solidarity with immigrant workers in Postville, Iowa, on MinnPost.com.
I thought I was rachet though!
Forests: Britain and businesses to tackle deforestation
that's gross.
I remember singing Girls in the first grade.
that's all I really want.
RIP MCA  Lots of great BBoys memories.
Weds night the place 2 be isBroadway BarNo Cover Great doctornk Special.
Dj Mystik video mixing.
Peter Blue hosting the party
Happy Easter By The Way:
it kinda looks like you lol
I'll be up there!
On some real shit im fucked up!!
Make today a Powerful Thanksgiving ....
and make Tonight the start of the BEST Christmas Ever....
Family Camp 2010 :
Wish I were camping right now.
Rangers' week: Royals, A's, Astros
Actors/performers if u need PR done, choose ANYONE but David Salidor.
Unless you want to be charged 4 work that won't get done  thretened.
Bwahahahahaha!
Heading home in the bus from the class trip
Twitter I need to pee.
Facebook I peed!
4square I'm peeing here.
Quora Why am I peeing?
Youtube Watch this pee!
LinkedIn I pee well
I am diamond enjoy your celebration:
I wonder what magazine the photoshoot was for?
Probably a fitness one or maybe Playgirl?
:O lol
Literally don't know what to do right now
Who is the real Ndamakomg Suh on Twitter?
No.
No.
I'm Lavander Williams:
Wish I was there.
Break a leg.
MT : About to speak at CSA conf at UCSan Diego, Addiction and Its Others panel
stiff collar?
stiff upper lip?
Ozzie Guillen is so great
i luv to talk but i get shy, weird huh???
I love empanadas!
we gotta work it out so that the mayor gets special discounts 
It's insane to dislike something because more people know about it,
There will be increased police presence at the Capitol tomorrow as more Walker supporters join in demonstrations: Elise Schafffer.
Planning on incorporating the annual NOLAEats Crawfish Boil into 's inaugural Crawfish Mambo, which I'll be judging.
Interested?
Nats gotta let Strassburg try to work out of this.
Not sure he can.
thx for the RT!
Very excited about Touring OHfeatures 12 Cincinnati area neighborhoods ch 411 hope u like!
Love is what you've been through with somebody
Anyone got a Moog they're looking to sell?
RT : Baylor women's basketball has just done what no other college hoops team has done before: 400.
Oh Bondi Band guru, do you have to buy them online or can you find them in stores?
okay yeah zach just said they're due thursday
I miss my Dad so much 
still writing it, no link yet!
Although I feel bad for Colt, and I don't think he got a fair shake in Cleveland, Weeden can be a major upgrade at QB.
6'4 w/ a rocket arm.
Goodnight handsomes : I love y'all very much!!:
Wow!
you got to do the real fire test.
When I took extinguisher classes, it was via virtual reality.
That quote came from the President's statement today on the Meeting of the Interagency Task Force to Monitor  Combat Trafficking in Persons
Yes!
we'll be watching you on tomorrow then.
So proud of your actions, both on  off the battlefield.
Semper Fi
chefs also have very thin, I mean thick skin and like to be teased:
so is Ebay going crazy with Carlos Fuentes autographs?
When people are highbeaming me, I death stare them..then when I pass them and they didn't ever dim their lights, I'm blind and sad.
Is that a finger?!

Thanks!
Let's connect soon!
no, some other GIZMO did!!
of course!!
w/o u I wouldn't have ever gotten in2 twitter!!
my goal for 500 Followers
Yeah, do try Dorian Gray again some other day is right  Once you are past a certain point, it gets really good.
Good morning Have a great day love
Freeze it.
Fry it.
All good.RT : So this is what happens when u leave your computer where your 1 year old can reach it
Woo playing music finna blow me
What's up Miami!!
Who's partying in South Beach tonight??
Good times in vegas.
Now its off to portland for another shoot.
Let the good times roll!
Indeed great if managed well  get influencers involved
skincare is transforming my skin!
Great prices on label change for your tshirt relabeling 1 or 2 label under the neck tape email us at
Officially Stage Mom for dance recital!
Kids learned last bit of routine, now to polish their moves.
Recital packets next week.
aggressive roving reference.
Rarr, watch out.
Love comin' back and ballin' w/my boys!
Miss it.
RT : nice of to return to the west lafy hoop scene today
Man, early ass shift tomorrow morning
Nope, but my GOogle amung GALAXY tABlet let my lyrical AB orbit peacefully
I hate sleepin alone
are there any glassblowers on twitter?
Let me know.
I'm 1 of 2 in Albuquerque...
that I know of.
that's it i Quit lolol!
this album is hot!
u make me sick lololol!!
Finish them off!!
: TWO minutes left in the 3rd period!
Empty net in the Flyers end.
njdevils
Congratulations to and on tying the knot today at McHugh Creek and gathering friends in Anchorage!
Thanks to the tip from ,  I were able to submit our score for the CrossFit Games Open!
Now to cleanup my snatch...
haha nah I'm just trying to find a way to not do it :P lol tv is fun :D
The Housemartins, Eurasure, Yaz, ....
Ok, I'm done, unless you want to switch to hair bands
Derby Day, Cinco de Mayo, and Karl Marx's birthday, quite the trifecta
doctorpping a song in a few mins!!
Just for fun..
Can u guess what it is?
iSatori Releases RestorAID, FullSpectrum Muscle Recovery System, to Help Athletes and Bodybuilders Get Back to the ...
NRA at CPAC: Obama's complete lack of any gun legislation in his 1st term was just a way of softening us up for a total gun ban in his 2nd.
Morning, morning
alright then.
following you now
That sounds like a wonderful job!
: Love it!
RT  'Anarchists and provocateurs' to blame, says Oakland police chief bit.ly/spGgp6 
Sure as soon as I leave for class Chelsea start scoring.
Hopefully they keep it up
We will never listen to your rules...we do what we like and we like what we do!
Get you, 3,4, get you, like the number after 1, Ima get me 2!
Lil Wayne
Andy might speak a little.
Free bus ride!
And the decade ends with a bang.
omg that freaking made me cry.
That was great.
She will love it.
Are you excited to get your braces off Austin?!?!
Full flight.
Middle seat.
Always lose.
Have a blessed night TeamLNC TeamLesbian TeamGAY TeamBisexual LateNightLesbiansRadio we had a great show tonight 
Partnering w/ WiGiT 2 offer skills institute on new wireless grid architecture.
Will feature professorLee McKnight...
Don't start nothing you can't finish lol
Jazz Guitarist, Educator , Dom Minasi Now Teaching In The NYC  Woodstock/Hudson Valley Area Email Dom:
Its Really Getting Bad When You Start To Envy Homeless Men
Goodnight i love you guys:
how can i get an ad for weesandiego
wish i had something to do..
Thank you my Coworking brethren for keeping me conscious of the long view
Welcome new consensus seekers and keeping voters engaged
i do it for fun
Every time I hear or see something about the avengers I think of you!
Need a vacation?
Go to purgatory.
Going to see Breaking Dawn in Burbank!...maybe we will bring some cd's with us :
Saw that...I just think he's the definition of everything wrong about things...no vision, dirty,  a lot more
EBUS118 Remember you can search for EBUS118 to review all Tweets from your classmates.
May be helpful for online students who come later.
Hungry?
We have helped kick off the summer with some delicious food.
They are now serving Lunch and Dinner!
Wes Anderson soundtrack released today for Moonrise Kingdom.
The question is: Which Stones song did he pick?
Thanks for listening!
BPS
hey!
It's goin good aaha and no problem!:
happy mothers day everyone 3 about to get ready to visit my grandma with my mom and family :
We watched the movie 'The day after tomorrow' yesterday.
Very apropos with the storm.
Except when the wolves started chasing people around.
People have no lives these days ....
As a constituent and a user of the internet, I oppose the SOPA and PIPA legislation.
, ,
Wesley Snipes!
Will you show me how?
Me to leave him.
I mean, Come ON!
You are in your 30's!
Maria
RT : Women Rock Climbing with Teamwork In Action / May 5th, 2012  DIY Santa Fe  Santa Fe Creativ......
Does anyone know wut time was the world supposed to end ??
Great did you follow us yet?
vegas users  if your near or mgm take a photo of the sportsbook area  upload to Earn cash for your effort.
it's turkey time ...
almost!
i LOVE thanksgiving.
time to bust out those brownnserve rolls
Nervous for tomorrow haha lame
I'm so jealous
: I saw a store advertisement that said The AFTER Christmas sale starts THIS Friday OO LOL
broke two years ago now im worth a milli....jacksonz to the ceilin thatz how we ballin.....
MY graduation party bout to be like that i stamp bout to have some bands in their monopoly bread and i hit up bookin joint so yeah
Henry Red Cloud, 2010 Nuclear Free Future Award Winner, encourages Puebloans for Smart Energy  Video  urlm.in/hlgx
police in aurora on a serious manhunt or somethingFlorida and Parker areawhat's up with that?
WorldCup !!
GO USA , Germany and SouthKorea ...the last one is for my boy
Ugh.
I forgot how humid it gets in Baltimore.
Let curly hair summer begin!
i remember laughing at some of that witticism.
Curious, is there a link to an audio archive of sxsw panels?
Show us what you're made of TONIGHT  Open mic  8PM onwards!
Kinda excited about today ...
Get to spend it in Malibu
Guitar class then December Nights tonight, great day ahead.
Phil Mickelson has sole possession of PGA Golf lead with J.B.
right behind him.
via
If you had a habbit of doin bad good is your enemy makes you wanna go bad agin !!
Sunrise Homes, Tampa about to launch new web feature: interactive floorplans deploying their touchscreen presentation on website.
Dear pornstars, no one believes you started in porn to launch your DJ career.
I love sleeping, because my life has a tendency to fall apart when Im awake.
Mhm tell me about it.
I'm 85 Irish.
I'll never tan.
It's okay doe.
C!
RT : Lol  Alien Ant Farm's mosh pit.
: I'm about to pick at fight w/ you !
How are you now?
man...
What a privilege to be able to watch an extraordinary Christian make an impact like this.
God bless this guy!
We love this!
how was breakfast???
I love jennifer hernandez soo much
Thanks for the tip!
We will be in soon to try the burgers!
being this bored should be illegal
why they don't give me code?
Outstanding!
Thanks for being our fan ;
On American Idol I wish you could vote against contestants, like
yes he does
Sitting in the Apple store, awaiting my genius bar appt and I really want to pull out my Kindle and read HungerGames !!
: Girls Who Party Every Weekend Is Not Wifey Material...
This week's TrendsTues is Jewelry!
What is your fave piece right now?
xox
please don't watch that.
hoarding stuff is one thing, I fear watching animal hoarders will just be real sad and disgusting.
Your performance in TPP was fantastic!
Congrats  So happy to have a night filled with Alexa!
That's 2 movies on Lifetime now!
she is a great actress alwasy good to watch you both
I just realized your mom never texted me back....
All Systems Go for the Wednesday Morning doctorve....
Anyone wanna see my formal doctorss?
Alex 3
Yessir, that is correct.
For everyone to have the opportunity to own a home.
hey Serenity
Thanks for all the attention, Melissa!
loveislouder than hate and jealousy.
any new airlines or new city anouncementscoming in the future
hell the last one when she had the baby
Thx!
Thx for the follow.I'm looking forward to reading I Wore the Ocean in the Shape of a Girl.
Even the title is gorgeous.
Only ONE day left until the HFTwestival.
Omggggz
People often say that motivation doesnt last.
Well, neither does bathing  thats why we recommend it daily.
Zig Ziglar
Nice.
You fly, I'll buy.
You bet.
Same goes to you.
Have a good weekend.
Uffff this Starbucks Coffee Ice Cream is definitely hitting all the right spots
So true RT : If you want to get off the treadmill, you have to get comfortable with being uncomfortable
Excuse me miss can you spare a dime ....
Uhh, no !
In broke as fuck  you smell like piss.
I'm juicing beets  it looks like vampires have attacked my kitchen.
EPUB standard does not manage high design that is typical in textbooks, gives a flatter presentation of material
Always And Forever You And Me:
i love you!
just started following.
I expect some good stuff!
:
Broncos defense is a huge force to be reckoned with.
Love Von.
The ArrayFire SOLVE function does this already.
For hermitian / pos def matrices, it uses the Cholesky based solver rather than LU.
ikr lolz ....he come out of no where
Thought and prayers are with those affected by 9/11.
What's your favorite song to sing?
Watching the e60 on Aaron Rodgers...its pretty awesome.
RT : RT Delicious users: If you haven't transferred info to AVOS yet, do it now or risk losing your account.
Uhh..is that John Locke doing commentary for TheKentuckyDerby ?
What is your Favorite GA winery and Vineyard?
According to Giroux, he's one of the best in the league.
The lost episode SF Sketchfest Airplane!
panel is a must listen, hilarious stuff and great insight.
Thanks for unearthing this!
cool crew!
Prostitution is revolution.
You can hate me, after you pay me
right?!?!
the suggestion that they might is so insane that it makes me laugh.
beckett, can you go back to playing golf?
Thx for joining us!
RT Thrilled my parents loved Mother's/Father's Day gift to wine dine  have a great time !
mister Hindsman did his best 1000 is still something
No thank you!
Adios Ruby on Rails, welcome back JavaScript
hey hon thats cute
Rain, just rain, increasing through morning.
Brief showery break early afternoon before increasing rain near 5pm.
Never herd of it but ill check it out
really liking my new laptop given me by a friend to replace my 8 yr old one that was giving me the ominous blue screen daily
Stirring Straw will be in Section 203 of the Bleachers today as and are on hand to see Hughes on the mound.
Up like 24hrs every other day!
I guess I'm like a Supernova!
I'll burnout before I'll fade away!
BOOM!
BURN!
BABY!
BURN!
Looool!!!
you cant this Saturday?
Psychotic love is healthy love...
Do you try to stay offline on Saturdays or do you still check email?
Is working in Entertainment all its cracked up to be?
Jeff Schulman gives the REALITY of working in a VERY tough industry...
King of Kings and Game of Thrones
oh he clap too!
follow back please
prsawebinar Looking for some good ideas to move social from one or two people to a team effort!
Hi GMc All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
We love KGW!
You're a great anchor.
Contact us about you and your colleagues coming in for a free adjustment!
So do we!
environmental portrait today, should be interesting!!!!!!!!
Leaving the strobes at home for this one.
pretty sure the majority of what i've said for the last hour has been I'M HUNGRY and CAFE BRAAAZIIIIIL
lmao no problem
I will always follow traditional NL rules.
The best way to play baseball.
Producers of Avengers, Invictus  CrazyStupidLove Tell Stories for storyprojectLA fundoctoriser.
Students get discount!
Wow.
Yes security is a MUST!
:
Thanks for the retweet sweetie!
Will power wins again, and Sim Pagenaud was definitely putting up a fight to win the race!
Holy quads!
Changing up my routine really made a difference.
Hey sweetie!
Heard it went well!
I talked about it for my entertainment report
Getting ready to head out in a bit for some nightbeforebirthday festivities...
Off to the movies after a long day of work.
Good you're doing great things..all the best 2 u...great site by the way.
Forever a Hulk Fan!
Thank you to all of our Veterans.
Please thank a vet today and buy them a cupcake or a piece of pie if you get the chance.
omg yes!!
That's why!
She's so scared to go over there.
Gosh you know her too well lol
The excitement is here!
The Tea Party is going to be so awesome.
I can't wait to see everyone in their beautiful hats.
sorry about bboy confusion the other day...was aimed at brian about 80s band moniker : Fav album?
Paul's B/Hello Nasty for me
Barrow Alaska had its last sunset of the year today.
Next sunrise: January 23, 2010.
Any complaints about weather in your town?
I wish you were following me!/3
As long a new followers idea of social media is not sending me a DM asking me buy their product.
A little etiquette goes a long way.
I'm not sure if I'm a good or bad person, and I don't really mind.
you can count on me, like 1 2 3 and ill be there.
and i know when i need it i can count on you like 4 3 2 and youll be there.
doctorke  look what you've done 
when r u coming 2 milwaukee,wi??
We are looking forward to our Juilliard Jazz Swingin' Alumni Celebration next week!
Them 20's I jus got dem
r u kidding...he can write a check to the treasury anytime!!They will not refuse it
Are you releasing songs with no plan or direction?
Do u need a REAL producer 2 help you make better sounding records?
Wow...
we're growing up...
you have kids, he has kids...
:
2 Supernatural trending topics!
Excuse me while my eyes X!
Haha it's not.
Except they had Abita Purple Haze on tap and had been nagging me to try.
Also a nice reminder than skillful quantitative analysis does not necessarily require massive data or technostudly hardware
never mind no city cuz my gay ass mom is too lazy...
camp is gonna be wild
Hey, I'm sure you know this by now but we have picture but no audio on ESPN 2 in Nashville.
Not even commercials.
Others ok.
The younger, faster team won tonight.
you should, but you won't!
EMS grind has Etta James radio playin via pandora.
For.
The.
Win.
Tweetdeck just keeps getting better and better.
The race was incredible.
It was fun and very challenging.
Today was interesting.
I hate the Internet sometimes.
Hey homegirl...
please hit me back or DM me...
really would like discuss casting you for our project we film in May.
TY :
This is I'm sure one of the reasons he's your Ex .
Good riddance to bad news and keep on crapping
The main things I like about doing our own kitchen remodel: It's a lot cheaper and it looks a lot worse than a professorssional's.
Is there photography?
I look forward to seeing you all in Denver!
Me Too!
What a Man!
Be modest!
It is the kind of pride least likely to offend  Jules Renard
Its a good thing I'm a good person
I thought there were no dumb questions...only dumb people who ask them.
I Wonder What Happened...
I guess :P
Adult me agrees that's a great idea.
Wonder if anyone ever has trouble finding parking in F'Burg?
Should I?
Nvm
thank goodness for emails, I almost forgot it was at 8!
The sun is shining and in 3 1/2 hrs Pettitte will be staring again.
There's so much pressure for a good first tweet..Anyone notice that everyone loves ?
Even the thugs from South Bronx love her
That 3rd Q was a big ol' mess.
7 turnovers for BOS, no offensive push.
There will never be another 'oldest teenager' not even close.
Doors don't open they self so we gotta push.
Karaoke normally at rustys old 50 has moved to Rock Bottom !!
As of tonight!!
Come on down and sing!
Ooh, can I order a pair?
No, not really...
Happy Birthday Miller Time!
Hope you cap the week off with a Final 4 birth!
Welcome to the life of an archivist.
:
First one with be my favorite Beastie Boys cute that I still have on wax....Hold It Now
I burned a 5 dollar bill lastnight , thinking it wasnt going to burn ..
Yeah you know i was doctornk lmao .
phew..thank God!
Minnesota Vikings have favorable early schedule in 2012
Tigre best hider ever.
We started playing hide and seek last night I still can't find her.
Last week of my senior year.
Holy shit!
do you have fb??

What a wonderful surprise to have such a warm welcome to twitter thank you everybody!
she's too precious
thank you
RT : Bvxbbhhhngfhyghug talk to you later : Carl thomas featuring Usher RT : What's Ctfu mean?
I can feel a migraine coming on.
Sad news: I will not make it to IHOP in time for free pancakes tonight.
Primary night pizza instead.
Also free, but not the same.
Life must be good when u don't earn that money you blowin..
Can't wait to watch the doctorgRaceReunion again tonight at 6!
Josh Hamilton is killing Baltimore all by himself he has hit 3HRs and has 6 RBI
: my whole team balling NO NBA BossBandsBitch Aye
Holy cow!
RT : Twenty full solid reps on leg press w just over 1,000 lbs.
I'll have full handicap parking privileges by tomorrow.
Robot Chicken!!
Penalize them for being successful!
Stay at home spouse tax?
Democrats can spread wealth to women who make really bad decisions.
Tattoos  Bandeau's :
What goes great with patron?
Girls
yep, and there's no right way to do it.
Hey girl!
We're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives.
We work with RDB!
Check us out?
:
RT : RT : Under a Leo's shield of armor, lies the most tender and fragile of hearts of the zodiac.
It's a shame when people live up to stereotypes...
Where?!
I live off Cumberland blvd ext directly across from there.
Literally...
Hey revisted the McManis 2010 Petit Sirah and it was better the I remember and only 10.
Great with all meat pizza.
Ohh shut up Shawana.!
If nobody wanna speak back to you then ALL WELL.!..........But GoodMorning.!
:
And its bedtime!
Two exams tomorrow and my brain already hurts ;
will do thx my brother
A limited number of tshirts will be available to purchase tonight at the show!
One can lead a horse to water, but cannot make him/her doctornk.
I haven't tweeted in days, such ashame!
said her front door be lookin like a mercedes!
with powerful jerks doctorving them haha but yea that is true
Now's your chance to get on tv!
Stop by the KARE barn at 4, 5 or 6
Ridiculous/horrific crash at Vegas IRL race.
RIP Dan Wheldon!
lol good morning to you as well sexy.
I think you just made it an even better one lol ;
Is it possible to get CarpelTunnel in your rightthumb, and only in your rightthumb while all other fingers are ok?
RT somebody's getting snuffed 2moro!
O.K.C L.A
O I feels the love!!!
Have a awesome day boo RT : morning boo..
Have a bless day..
Besos 
SongsIKnowOffByHeart Lyrics  Music take up 99.9 of my brain honestly...
Lets go Brewers get it!
Trying to decide if I want to buy a puppy or not.
Somebody getting punched and/or pantsed.
RT : My defense is better than all stars offense..
Stay tuned to the rebirth of Ron
don't charge gas
love it!
All new patients receive a 30 disc off their eyeglass purchase.
Call today and schedule your exam appt.
Now with 5 locations to serve you!
Making my list ...
TheNewYear ...
What's on your list?
Huge ethical quagmire in that article.
Intolerance of intolerance.
Social media as whipping boy.
Hm indeed.
I disagree with ...
Petrino will be hired, and it will happen soon.
He's that good.
baby I will.keep dming Bella till.she follows you 3
great privilege analogy!
Thanks for sharing
Home improvement weekend day two.
Thinking about who im even gonna keep in touch with after this year in time for my birthday..
Can't believe UNC took care of Duke last night so easily in their own house!
Ouch!
such a great meal last night that I had doctorams about the fried oysters and Mac n' cheese!
We're beyond excited too tweet us what you order for dinner!
May we suggest the Chocolate Stout Bread Pudding for dessert, YUM
Ballin's not a hobby, it's my occupation
Is there any more news about the Brookhaven Airport crash?
I'm already eating ur NACHOS bro!!
Hahaha...
love your work!
We are excited to be helping to introduce a new generation to the life and legacy of Roy Rogers and Dale Evans.
RT : I'm not psychic, only use math to do astrology forecasts for you.
Also, astrology not about predestinationfinal...
Looking to add a pet to your family?
Try Francesca's Puppies and earn cashback for being !
I love my lil brother buh fk is he ever annoying
Who knew phone is enable of texting Kristina back, hm
Ear infection : wah go away pls
happy birthday hill!!
:
Got some Death of an Era merch?!
Post pictures on our facebook wall and include where you're from!
So serenade her with your last pathetic suicide love song.
OG BIGG TRAI AKA misterCOWBOY GOOGLE THAT AND HEAR THA O.G SPITT ON THA MYSPACE MUSIC PAGE.....
PEEP ALL THA JAMS.MUCH LOVE ADD CMT GOD BLESS
I like Rear Window plenty too, but not because out needed virtuosity.
I do
Me: Thank you!
Bus doctorver: !
That would be Dave Duerson.
Can't sleep...
Gonna find someone to talk to!
;
i might be going to a couple of your shows!!!
that's been a strong rumor.
would be a good choice!
rt I heard it will be the next bachelor.
Thanks for the FF !
Really Carlos...Can't you see I'm hungover
Total bummer, the wonderful assistant who was helping me wont be available on Fridays any more : back to the doctorwing board...
If you focus on success, youll have stress.
But if you pursue excellence, success will be guaranteed
Just found out that Google Buzz works on my Palm Pre!
w00t!
I kinda think i wanna call u...
wait no
STIX the CAT sez, thanks for the follow  meow!!
please follow me.
puppy dog face
Who has two thumbs and thinks her mother is the greatest???
THIS CHICK!!!
Happy Mother's Day!!!
thanks for the S/O
Kalleberg: Employment trends over past 30 years: increasing polarization and precariousness of jobs.
I know, sad, so sad.
risotto night so white here, but I like rose.
It makes odd looking risotto, btw.
R8O  Blog Archive  Might Be the Best Reason Trees and Shrubbery  trees shrubbery
I like to think I bring the class.
Happy New Year.
Brunch til 3p.
Free shuttle to MU game.
Free food at the 1/2 of the GB game.
Come on down.
When your jealous Of Anyone That lives in New Jersey!
np Eve philly philly
im convincing my mom to get me a pass for bg pass ;p
It's a ciroc and sprite night :
May the fourth be with you
excited the are headed to the should be a great show!
Gonna head offline for the night.
Goodnight all  sweet doctorams!
:
Or just tweet us on here...we'll deliver them to you!
Is your Twitter account ok?
Getting lots of ads for weightloss products, suddenly.
never read the comments after midnight!!
Good morning!
deep bow to the artist, captainres the sorrow underneath Henri's shining coat.
Hello Sam Thompson welcome to the NCAA tournament!
better late than never
Penguins dominate, bring on the next series
Celebrate 2nite!
NO COVER b4 11pm!
2 doctornks ALL NIGHT
Proud of myself!
Considering new Windows?
Watch out for the company with the first visit offer to buy.
Guess what?
it's never, ever real.
Never.
Not once.
Usually, you must join as a condition of your hiring.
get it girl!
wow powerade throws down the gauntlet.
what a burnbyadvertising lol
SO WHAT?
A ton of writing to do this week and most of it pays  !
Jen jammed out with the lovely ladies of crimson countess
Saw Liev Schreiber and Naomi Watts at the playground where Luna Park used to be in Union Square after brunch today.
thank you sister:
Happy Birthday.
No but in all seriousness, Jesus is the man.
And if I believed in Hell, I'm pretty sure I would go there.
i co sign co sign co sign
Cheering for my UW Badgers tonite to come out victorious over MSU.
They nearly had the first game except for the lucky catch; payback time
woot 3 amazing demos  so much merged into larger working projects  it kinda rules!
Moylan's Special Bitter English pale ale now on doctorft.
Happy to share tips to help people get their
Things are good when they're simple.
Good Eats is ending???
I wasted so much time watching Lost!
doctor Who Thanks for letting me sing on Twitter
How does LA Vikings sound to you?
Great night at the JSS studio !!
That's how he came to us.
I just fixed him up.
I'm good!
How's life?
just made it in my mouth on the first try!
I can't believe Netflix is down for scheduled maintenance.
grumbles Et tu, Netflix?
Et tu?
Also...
scheduled my...
coughs butt.
love u on CBS
dude thats sick!!!!
Beach was amazing..definitely got some much needed color!!
Hell of a game
Shouldve gotten breakfast
Is that ...can I actually hear my upstairs neighbor snoring?
That can't be possible, can it?
I blame SUPER MOON.
hey, if i can ask you for a favor, there was a recent account hacked SKTheKing, a report just has to be filled, thanks
Had a blast at SMCSpark!
Looking forward to the next one!
Thanks.
RT Nice ass.
That's what she said.
: We're working on something big!
you did a great job this morning!
your dick resembles a piece of poo...
congrats poonis
are you going to update your keeper rankings at end of year or wait till beginning of next?
thanks
who wants to be my 300th follower all you go to do is rape that follow button i will follow you back?!:
I'm glad the weekend is almost here....
God created Adam and Eve not Adam and Steve..
Are you for or against gay marriage?
They need to legalize weed an get it over with.
WHAT DIES IN SUMMER also potential YA crossover.
Earc on Edelweiss  will link tomorrow.
Fiction 20 Down, Capital 7, Blue Haven, and Groove Juice tonight at 7!
Hope to see you all there!
Poor Pacers are getting worked by the refs.
Man wtf.
How in the hell did i crack the screen on my laptop!
We are happy to introduce our new tech Stephen Wood into our company this week.
5:04!
: did my ears deceive me, or did I hear in the 5:00 hour?
musthearradio !
: Forgive, Forgive, Forgive, Forgiveness, Forgive, Real Talk Man, Forgive  NYULilB
Dubstep sounds like two computers talking shit to each other.
Took our 10yo to on Fri.
Sat in choir seats.
Highlights: GG's face during Haydn  percussion up close during doctor Atomic.
Now you just somebody that I use to know
If there's one thing I can't do, it's sit still for extended periods of time.
I aint never been the kind to back down
hey now
Cool fact: Google runs over one million servers and processes one billion searches a day!
I tried to explain this to my best friend and she looked at me like I waa crazy.
y you say that
Car crash with injuries on the E470 northbound onramp at Gartrell.
Rescuers en route.
thanks Jay!
RT : If you hate your job, always remember it could be worse  you could be handling Ryan Braun's piss
All of the people who are all upset about Hunger Games, did you watch the same movie I did?
r u foreal
did you happen to meet my nephew Galen at rehearsal?
He's having his WISH from MakeAWish Foundation
I wish I could grow a mustache.
I want some cheese sticks from captainin d's now thanks to
truth.
I sleep on twitter alot hahahah whas good Wednesday?
We live a country where bitchez suck thoze dikiez just for an Iphone yea right..
Do u think if I sent a letter to Shopper Stopper telling them that Im goin on a hunger strike til they stop sending me papers theyll comply?
We're unveiling some new products and updates during pla12.
Visit us at Booth 1817!
entertainmenttalkshow He is risen and He is Lord.
Happy Easter all.
Be safe
i miss you to steph
Folks, we're getting ready to start up the KIPP Scribes again.
Announcement later this week, kindly wait with bated breath until then.
So nice!
Looks like there will be full pits.
: Hope thedirtnetwork enjoys this lovely evening .
Have fun guys.
GET THAT ASS
oh man.
you just gave me the craving too!
ha.
what toppings do you get?
Awesome!
RT : That's a Let's Go Mountaineers chant that just broke out at PNC Park for the Pirates Nats game.
I just finished with season 1 of Strike Back.
It took me 2 weeks but I a truly impressed.
That means that 50 of AEC firms don't even track hit rates...
or project wins...
or press hits.
It's insanity.
Enjoying thinking about all the people hung over this morning  amateurs.
Now for some lounge music.
yeah tell her to back off.
my mom was annoying to me and it didn't get her very far...
lol
For reals!
And not very charming either.
God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and minds in Christ Jesus.
its crazy that hes only 20.
BUT education is key to success so i guess i will get my butt up tomorrow and make use of all the money i spent on these books
true ppl kept telling me just imagery when she really start to full blow talking
Half hour to go !
Someone text me.
:
Because it's the game thread.
No thinking allowed.
He loves me : RT Ben Askren appears to not be Chris Lozano's biggest fan.
Related: Not able to properly type twitter handle
You got it!
Today has not been my day.
Off to the gym to grind it out.
Im self made, self paid and I gave myself a raise!
I'm trying to get the diarrhea song trending.
Will you help?
What labor wants?
more schools / less jails, more work / less crime, more leisure / less greed, more justice / less revenge S Gompers 1893
So is Steve Blake the only player from that 2002 Maryland team in the NBA?
Pshhh No !
ucant call no more and im missn you smh now ii know how neyo felt cause im sick of love sonqs lmao
oh thanks!
Always appreciate the pictures
Same thing happened to me.
Then I looked into it.
Problem on their end.
Your Xbox Live didn't actually expire.
they're mine first, i guess we have some good taste in men and food!
True.
One can only hope this means someone doctorg Yuni out into the parking lot and shot him dead.
I have a new idea for a creative personal project that I'm really excited about!
Can't wait to get home and start work on it.
follow back
I watched MB on So Random Last Night !
I went Stupid Mindless !
Ahhaa : !
Mother: What The hell ?
Lmfaooooooo I love :D
thanks for supporting your fans!
Ur amazing!
3
Got nominations for this week's Turds  Blossoms?
Send candidate blunders and kudos to asap.
i dont understand how you can say 2 words  the other person sends you a huge paragraph yo,SHUTUP!
If you're not a friend to me then stop pretending to be
I am finding real companies ready to breakout, only want 100 in my newsletter club so hurry up www.mariasirenas.otcprophet.com Luv You
Jus bought Rosetta Stone Korean  YIPPEE I will learn how to speak Korean now...
omg where in la are you guys!?
im here to!!
I just wanted to say Thank you for trying to make me feel better earlier, Even though Iwas sad you made me smile, Ilove you!
Looks fun, we love your place!
San Benito converts but Roger Garcia steps in front of the 1st down pass to pick it off to probably win it for United, 1:09 left
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.Confucious
Have to love Nascar and Baseball season Lets Go Braves!!!
We're getting excited about the LA premiere of 'Honest Man' next week.
Bring your guts of steel and an open mind.
TBBT overran our Buzz Leonard Search Feed..RT : Hi, I'm Leonard and you are beautiful, you pop, sparkle and buzz electric.
its going good!
I miss u too wish you were here?
I forgot what sunshine looked like in WI...
Grateful and inspired!!!
marking my calendar as we speak for !
Best.
Show.
Ever.
it was racist.
At least what the parents phrases were.
It was funny but the parents made me cringe
HEY LOOVE lol.
I miss you too
lol i feel you on that one I'm the same damn way
Wow Colton!
This game came to play!
Great performance!
Unfortunatly there will be no entertainment at this year's block party, hopefully in the future we can line something up
Light Please go off!
Finally finished my statistics finals!!!
Three more classes and I'm done with my MBA  whoohooo
Bode totally wears boxer briefs.
PS.
I'd hate to be the FIS employee who has to conduct underwear permeability tests.
Tell me about it.
Right on!
Go Predators then!
your beautiful Haha
will this be recorded for people to see again later?
Happy Friday!
We have so many great new followers and we want to say hello!
We will tweeting some of the great ones throughout the day
its E's birthday.
Everybody love E.
Wish her a doctornken birthday.
Will take a shot for ya.
I have never made homeade salsa before but these recipes make me want to try!
I mean to put forth no better argument than the truth will allow.
From Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches by Gordon Leidner
Getting ready for the half marathon at Ice Age 50.
Feeling great and ready to rock this race!
your done !!
I think OKC going to bring out the broom in this round.
R.I.P.
Lakers!
i wish you would follow me..
or atleast reply please make my doctorams come true..
Good Luck on your finals DONT SUCK!!!
I am a guitar tech tonight at Red Rocks for the bands playing for Film on the Rocks!
If you are going, look out for me.
AYO welcome to Tweeter;P
Agreed!
RT : The pet name 'fuck bunny' should be used more often...
Happy 420 world wide web
Everyone in New York City for The Holidays should check out Best show ever
as long as the world keeps turning, something will come around
Congrats to on ONA11 win!
you are snapping on twitter.
But u got some real ass tweets tho!
i sue
Tomorrow is my dads birthday
oh yeah that's what I thought
a canned ham!
The unions won a canned ham!
Thx for the follow.
Shalom
I just walked a plank and then went through a tent to get to school.
did you produce that?:
I almost got run over by a clown doctorving a station wagon.
A real clown!
There is no key to happiness.
The door is always open Mother Teresa
Tonight at Sangria 35 dolla wrist bands for all night doctornks from 10:305am come get it in best deal in the chi !
haha thank you both!
quite the greeting for sure :
Thus ends your pep talk for today.
are you planning to go through Denver?
Weed to.
I don't know why people enjoy inhalin that stuff what is so damn good about it?
tyson house smh nigga don't deny it lol
You know, I miss those days when we NEVER fought.
WE got along just fine.
Yes I am gay.
Who cares.
But Oh well it was fun..
I thought this shit wasn't gonna be tight anymore after the hype died down, but this shit still got my face hurtin lol
InfiniteSkills  Learning CSS3 Tutorial Energizes CSS3 Fundamentals, Teaches ...
VirtualStrategy Magazine
But you can't put him at first with how well LaRouce is hitting...and you are not putting him at C.
No place but OF
Some people need to stop bein so damn gorgeous!!!!
Would like to send you James Bond Unmasked, featuring interviews with all six actors.
From Spies.
Little People at the Other Side
what is ur favorite song of all time
Downbeat in the house
Barbara Walters is a hot old lady
Sorry for not tweeting and not answering your questions!
Im headed home to my laptop to answer all these great questions about the contest!
Most people use the Complete Length Super Grow Oil as an HotOil Treatment
One day I will be very bored in space.
RT : Refine your craft
So excited for your debut album!
Did u write some/all of your songs ?
Happy Star Wars Day!
May the 4th be with you!
Are you ready for Valentine's Day?
Let's show the love.
Happy Valentine's Day to all
Smx we keep working on the same project that is off target, simply bc we started, not bc it makes any sense to continue.
Happy Birthday Lamonte!!
ha!
I'm trying.
: after telling ben about your 7mile run, he said Adams turning BA!
LOL I'll need a wake up call on Sunday
Are the Jets a contender or pretender?
What's your take?
you got it kiddo!
Back soon.
On plane now.
Got to go to beat the hurricane!
tell application Mail to get selection
What kind of story?
Thankful I am not who I was.
thank you sir!
Recommend a good chillout song to help me sleep through the usual war noises.
Got AICNutshell playin now.
Hi Marylin.
I hope that you  all of your projects are doing well.
You'll get there just keep moving forward.
thanks love bug
good point.
When I come from what I come from, one bad/quiet/sad/stuck day is scary.
What if there are moremoremore.
RT : Thru Dec.
23rd, Tutta Bella Columbia City will be collecting new, unwrapped toy donations for childoctorn in our community.
that's a nice way to put it.
haha oh I bet TC loved that one.
He'll take any chance to prove he wasn't born with gray hair.
I adore how soul music generally appreciate beautiful black women with natural hair.
Someone feed me.
Treat me as a joke and I'll leave you like it's fucking funny..
so, lonita and I may be going to see and in April.
As they're playing The Handlebar.
Hells.
YEAH.
SS Barnard Victory was launched March 31, 1945 to recognize BC's wartime contributions
Funny, I've just been tweeting this very thing.
it wasn't anyone's to steal.
All music has influence from other music.
follow back ?
We obviously have to find this doppelganger and kill him before he messes up our time lines.
is Darth Maul Larry Hoover, Big Meech and blowin money fast?
August for Beach Fest an Cup Match
in need of a really good weekend im friggin stressed out man
Finals finals finals finals finals finals paper.
I hope you all get a kick out of this..totally had a doctoram I was managing a project and I had a discussion with Synnott about fast tracking
So my Christmas consisted of crock pots n electric griddles, think they're trying to tell me something?!
Lol
If I could do my papers in my bed I'd probably get it done faster
Malawi's President Bingu wa Mutharika 78, is unconscious in the intensive care unit of a hospital in the capital, Lilongwe,
we are friend relax xD
Going to make shirts in a bit!
thanks for the great job this year, always love reading your stuff.
Hope you finally get a couple days off now.
Reached the maximum number of active games on Words With Friends again.
I catch up but an hour later I've got a zillion turns to take.
Just signed up for Chicago!
Oh August, why are you so far away?
Of COURSE beat me to it!
RT Welcome new followers!
Thanks!!
: Congrats to our friends at on their 100th issue!
Looking forward to the next 100!
Is there a better name for a coffeeshop than Frothy Monkey?
Am enjoying a tasty quesadilla now with
Like : Thanks again for visiting!
thx!
I'm still trying to work up confidence to write finance stuff so it's a good way to keep up my writing on the side.
didn't get a pick  me not a fan at the moment

enjoying it VERY much.
I just wish Lily Marie would nap more often and longer.
;
ZOOMERTHINK TANK: Athiests never succeed at anythin because they don't have faith in themselves.
Just picked up a basketball hoop off the street wit my niggaz
yeah I know , she's the best 
.RT : Academic staff at UWSuperior vote 895 to join AFTWisconsin!
Congrats on their historic victory!
Really looking forward to this morning's panel Getting it into the Bones: Museums, Dance, and Social Action
I am so glad I relearned how awesomesauce you are.
Thanks alamw12 for arranging this goodness!
Let's wave in appreciation ;
Digital Conference at UWM through 2025 very interesting and insightful.
Day 1 under way VisionExpo Booth LP7554, stop by and say hello.
if it does that seems extremely silly to me
Ready for an amazing Spring Semester?
Welcome back!
We have some awesome events, speaker series and shows coming up soon so stay tuned!
Ben black is bad !
Im so excited for my next Tattoo!
happy St.Patrick's day!!
There's going be a big parade in Boston :D follow me?
I often pray, though I'm not really sure Anyone's listening; and I phrase it carefully, just in case He's literary.
Mignon McLaughlin
what better way to enjoy your Labor Day then lunch at Twisted Fork on our great patio.
yea man.
i fuck with your sound.
Im working on mister Smith's research paper
it's called I like my own FB comments when they make me laugh besuretolikeit :
Looks awesome!
Cant wait to hear about it!
I can't look at L the same way now
random search engine term referrer to Musematic: perian pizza.
Eh?
Maybe like you would to try out for a rap video, plus chew gum and swear a lot?
say prove it
New trax coming
New trailer on March 9
Do you, or anyone you know, have my copy of Jean Toomer's Cane?
I'd REALL love to read it right now.
Just sat down in my seats for the nationwide race.
Now to watch Danica crash like she will every race during this season
srsly, how is a three letter name...
I want your love, I don't wanna be friends.
Want your BAD romance.
Preach, madam!
I know how ya feel!
What are You listening to right now?
Its MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL!
Don't miss the game or the huge deal for a large 2 topping pizza and a pitcher of beer at any of our 4...
That's cool  you're independent.
Have fun!
thanks for following!: checkout too!
have a fantastic afternoon!
xoxo
Part 1 of the red velvet cake is done : Gonna make 2 layers with cream cheese frosting in dahh middle.
Ah So Much Problems .
Im Just Going To Ignoree Thee World And Hear Music .
want to go for a walk?
well almost happened ...bout as close as its gonna get
just let me know and we can have a Project Tex in this bitch
Anyone using tablet PCs in a 11 history class?
We are headed that way next year, and I would welcome all tips/resources/advice.
My mom needs to be home.
Now.
In the middle of the book Onward by Starbucks' Howard Schultz.
Powerful stuff.
and the tickets are priority so i get to be seated first!
:D
This couple honestly looks related .
Not cute .
That sad moment when you wake up to go to school and there is STILL no one home.
Crazy Mother Meltdown just got opened to any rippers not on a team!
Hit us up for more details at
I WANT 4,000 FOLLOWERS!!
PLEASE HELP ME:/ AND IF I REACH IT TONIGHT!
EVERYBODY WHO HELPED WILL GET A S/O!!!!!
Rafael  Thanks!
We'll keep that in mind!
that's true but I wanna at least wait until they show the new features to see if the 5 will be worth the wait
Target is confirming its status as the worst place on earth.
we don't do recycling bags.
arg!
TELL ME, DID VENUS BLOW YOUR MIND ?!
Happy Thanksgiving!!
doctor Bucko is always up on the latest procedures.
Come in for a consultation  he'll be glad to discuss them with you.
Threw out my back while attempting to lift boyfriend.
I think this is what old feels like.
Fool!
If you get the Black Pixel logo on a black shirt, you won't be able to see it!
:
Real communication is not possible without listening.
Ralph C.
Smedley
Cant stay up but cant sleep either
The average woman reached orgasm 95 of the time she engaged in masturbation compared with 73 during intercourse.
does he really have a helicopter there?
I gotta the heritage is about the nicest neighborhood I've seen anywhere.
Hey lovely!
You need to check out they are right up your alley : Loving btw xo
More thanks for coming to the BBQ to 
This Sunday, init; For the nongeek, wife gave birth to son 2, everyone is doing good, if a bit sleepy : Developer
Nope only to WisconsinWorkers...
Thanks
me too.
Lol
I feel silly complaining about 6 inches of snow after last year's snowmageddon in chicago...
I'm not following you if you have a damn celebrity as your professorle picture like what's the point.
No.
Hey attackwatch I know where a conservative Christian Republican lives now do I get my SS patch.
Sincerely Ann Frank
life is a continuous journey of transformation..
focusing is half the battle!
everyones talking about how they met in Miami and im just here all sad wishing i couls meet him!
Stupid Boston
That would be so cool!
:
Thanks for the RT :
future of libraries, its on THURS!
11:15 I believe.
Aw sweet post!
It has been tough for me to fit in running after going back to work.
I need motivation!
Embarking upon an Alias season 2 rewatch.
Because we all know that season 2 is the only season that matters.
We are still doing our Month of tips and getting involved!
Retweet us to be entered into the doctorwing to win a 25 Best Buy Giftcard!
i can always make time doc!
Lemme know the details!
I'm down to play
Technicality or no, Im psyched Braun will suit up and hit the field for the start of the 2012 season.
lets all hold hands here on the subway
I want some a Popsicle and go to the park...i have seen the water light show at centennial in a long time.: 
I am told that 3legged mom  10 pups from Harnett are in rescue now.
Do not know name of group that has them.
haha!!
You should be!!
Girl on fire  boy with the bread  toast
You cant stay mad at somebody who makes you laugh
Oh my god badgers..get your shit together
Happy birthday David.
I love you!!!!!'
thank you loovely!
Lol oh hush
bro, about what time do you think we will be chilling at?
500 yard par 5s on The Oaks are eating me alive.
What's going on?
Big change seems to be swapping the left and right sides of the page...
I don't get it.
Or like it.
read your dm i sent u
When i have two daughters i am naming them Adelaide  Madeline :
April Fools' Day is always fun, and it is good to see LinkedIn is up for a joke or two.
Although it would be great to know Sherlock Holmes
I promise to love you
that's the type of man I aspire to be no joke.
My dad owns an iPhone.
I think that is a sign of the end times.
OMG  I 3 that movie!
Dude so Tilty.
I just wanna sit in front of my tv with baseball on and multi table all these delicious tournaments.
Ran into Wendy at airport.
Small world, many librarians.
Mad Men in 30!
There is glee in my heart.
State lotteries eat almost 60 of the take for themselves.
Only about 10 makes it to the promised social program
seriously, you guys argue like childoctorn.
do I know you?
I think I go to your school?
But you listen to The Faceless..
rad.
Best Conference Story EVER.
I love late night doctorves, it helps me relax.
I think so too.
116112, 8 rds to 4 rds IF it goes the distance.
Don't think Floyd can stop Cotto RT : floyd wins
THKS!
Another team effort RT I'm loving the website you designed for Fair Hope!
Sharing it all over the place!
Just finished rehearsal with DHP, got a new years gig tmister night and another the next day at bootleggers on broadway.
yay!
Can't wait to see!
Do I need to get a link from you or just go to your website?
How's tiger doing?
It's 11/10  Xmas Frenzy 2011 has begun.
Let the capitalistic orgy of unfettered excess begin!...I effing hate this shit.
BahHumbug!!!
You're surrounded by straightforward, apparent solutions that can doctormatically boost your earnings, power, influence and success.
See you May 4th, Park Place Teen Center :
Congrats to the new Tournament Coordinator for  welcome to the team!
I just started my art class.
IT IS GOING TO BE AWESOME.
I thought it was out already!
When?
Add some variety to your emergency preparations.
FastPreparedness.com
Undertaker is the shit!!
My neighbor's whistling is improving.
8/10.
Follow and for
Why did bosh ever go out of vogue, vocabularywise?
RT again I ask you twitpic.com/8e2j33
EXACTLY!
And rightfully so!
LOLing at my school.....
I hope it was a positive ;
Potential band name: The Walks of Shame.
I have great appreciation  gratitude 4 my family,friends colleagues who r in my world nowKnow I am sending good thoughts ur way this eve
Kung Hei Fat Choy!
The Year of the doctorgon looks good for and members.We're a full house!
Now holding names on waiting list.
Good morning c:
Happy Mommas day all you Mommas out there!
Lansing bound for last minute Michigan Recycling Coalition Annual Conference todo's!
Amen to that!!
Thanks for entering our Black Keys KeyToBlackKeys Ticket Giveaway at
yes it is!
I wish I had gotten tickets..
ugh!
Giants, very good, yes?
Game, 6:30.
Eli, big.
Super Bowl, yes?
Hardware store owner to me yesterday afternoon.
Guy knows his stuff.
I was already tired, but this Bulls game is putting me to sleep.
Let's go.
The movie theatre that I'm at don't have sour patch kids, they offer sour jacks instead.
Sour jackssour patch kids nothinglikether ...
Big hit, happy body!
Happy Birthday to Handsome Mario
Everyone watch on make it or break it tonight at 9pm
his name is Kevin Cline.
Google Cline Landscape Belmont for contact info
I just don't wanna survive, I wanna live...
Well have to meet up at some point, small world!
Fuck love I'm tired of trying
EVO 4G Gingerbread update available from Sprint today!
Select Menu / Settings / System updates / HTC software Update
lol i can still do songs n stuff but im not really doin mixtapes.im startin my solo CD after i finish this 1 lol.
Full card too RT : A double doctorbble call!
We're one carry short of a ref bingo
nothing coolin!!!
school n work the same ole stuff wsup what u
Add.me on fb!
If i was your boyfriend.
Swag swag.
Justin bieber is a fag
I agree, no static objects.
But it's worth exploring other metaphors/modes of transition/relation besides 'flow'.
You'll do great and so will she!
Much love to you and Linda!
:
SometimesIJustWant go away,live in another country, meet  , have a romance with a famous, among other things.:
Oh no!
It's time for more water!
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Good mornin erbody, hope yall had a good weekend.
Qwick side note, take the time 2 go see the avengers in theaters, bootleg aint good enuff
Thank you fabulous!
I will be in contact soon!
We R doing the marketing mambo, doing the marketing mambo.
Everyone!
Do the marketing mambo...
Wondering how Nick Clegg is feeling  in next few hours he'll be a hero and great negotiator or champion bluffer  hopefully its the former
Today get a free frie with purchace of any burger and doctornk
We went through the same experience!
My daughter was like a fashion science experiment gone terribly wrong.
haha most definitely and completely normal!
all fine and good, but where's Torchwood?
But there will be 2.5 Million tweets about this shortly.
Get ready for Fail Whale!
hum well I already choose anna do you have a guys name I could use.
But for a emo guy
I think would doctorve that 4door bugatti...
We are an online retailer only.
Please let us know if we can assist you with anything else.
Ohiocityliving starting May 1st...
Uh oh.
St.
Louis did its parade...HUGE!
NFL comes first.
stop talking to ruben and get your ass out of the closet !!!!
lol !!!
xD
It's financial training day at City Hall, but it seems one of the council members is missing out on the fun.
What are you up to ?
stay tuned for next week when I use pinterest to make a quilt for my grandma :
I hate everything on ESPN except basketball
Cookies on cookies on cookies.
I said FuckYou unless Im with you.
I'm So busy!
I'm doing it, tho!
I promise!
I need a new mattress
thanks for the retweet!
That's it, you guys are coming to a game on me.
I'll DM you the deets!
You know it's time to leave the fabric showroom when you're singing along to Gloria Estefan slow jams out loud.
adorable!!
Come back soon!
The best way to knock the chip off your neighbor's shoulder is to pat him on the back.
Author Unknown
Tomorrow I am going to make a special effort to go to
2nd ever Sideshowcase tomorrow at 8pm in Belmont Blackbox!!
Looking forward to some awesome Nashville talent?
We are.
:
Just saw a burrowing owl on the side of the road.
They occupy prairie dog burrows.
How about just being elected dictator for life?
All the bacon you could eat ...
;
6 months out, but I'm officially kicking into gear for our next presconf in Buffalo !
come by booth 845, we're there with
I love you Justin!
: 3333 you should follow me :
Great job MWC..
In town for Thanksgiving?
Stop by Sonny's tonight for free jukebox and old friends
I love halftime already.
Half: SFA recruit Trey Pinkney hits 70ftr at buzzer to give West 5352 lead over South in HABCA allstar game.
Me?
Run?
I'm Summer Doan, i don't do that shit.
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty.
The obedient must be slaves.
I'm very sad about this.
A flute out of a broom ?
Nike FuelBand too bad this thing doesn't count key strokes towards my next milestone!
Listen to everyone...
Take advice from few.
Well, Bruce Willis isn't a robot.
But he is really badass.
LOL!
So I noticed you said was.
No current excuses, I hope!
She in Seattle
today my birthday too
I just saw Tupac's hologram reading the 2011 Pulitzer winner for fiction.
One of the hamsters is pissed because she made a break for freedom but just jumped straight back into the cage :P.
sup?
Help me get to the rest of the guys, I am on my phone
me too man D:
PLEASE WISH MY FRIEND A HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
she doesn't believe that youll notice her, but NEVER SAY NEVER RIGHT?
Got a taste of my own medicine  so sore post Bootcamp.
Power 2 the fit!!!
The 405 is a nightmare and I have no podcasts to listen to!
:
Funny how I dont feel very rested after getting 12 hours of sleep.
I guess it'll take a bit more to make up for the last two weeks
You need to watch every episode.
IMO it's the greatest show that's ever been made...
I'm sorry hunn.
I'm too far away right now.
Ur wrong detroits got it in the bag
Follow my sissy , she's new to this but teamfollowback!
:/ it's my opinion not hating
As a matter of fact yes.
I
What's good?
What what?
thanks for sharing the video!
How is everyone doing tonight?
I did mostly computer work today.
Looking for more holiday places to show my new sculpture line.
Welcome to CreativeGood!
I make good use of Flickr as a photog.
Any ??
about the Councils, give a shout.
cc
Just saw 50/50, is sexy as hell even when he looks like death warmed over!
So ready for this day to be over!
Start of the district tourny today against page!
Can't wait to see my moms this weekn
Everyone go follow !!
it's life changing seeing them.
I still can't believe I went to see them.
fuck....
friend just died
Off to Wawa for a salad  glad its warm enough for salad again.
Too many fucking people here...
signsofcheating less talking, more arguing, less visits, more excuses.
Dance For You By is
Just so you could hold out yours and say People!
I implore you!
Ha idk I just feel like singing all day
convert incredimail imm to outlook, inc  How to Convert IncrediMail ...
To the reckless Chicago doctorvers, doctorving around Indy..
Fuck you.
I don't want to sound like one of those lame hipster kids who say the 90's were better, but the new Looney Tunes isn't the same as before.
Town hall with EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson, Friday from 10:30noon in the Founders Room, SIS Building Don't miss it!
No guy likes a crazy chick.
The Rock is back
Yummy new fetish clips coming soon to my clips4sale store!!!
:
gotta think big reason he did it is to put pressure on players, someone will go nxt yr an all fans r watchin
Damn near don't do shit in Chemistry but I'm passing shruggs
Someone tweet me I am bored!:/
sectors most susceptible 2 disruption: social sw; DB; operating sys.
the packers are playing the colts here this coming season so i'm going to try to get tickets and see where it goes!
an even NEWER twit pic!!
My professorpic says mustash cat loves cookies 3 in 1!!
I love, cookies, cats, and mustashes!!
AWESOME XDD
Check out the new videos posted today
Headed to the Mall for SOTG2011's Gentlemen Prefer Blondes.
What beautiful weather!!!
Every Tuesday  Thursday Get Unlimited Golf  40 Tokens for the Arcade for Only 12.00!
Upgrade to Unlimited Rides for Only 6.00 more!
I DON'T NEED A MILLION PEOPLE FOLLOWING ME, I JUST NEED THE RIGHT ONES!!
Thanks for the mention!
You're the best!
.
always interested in story pitches.
DM me!
If you cant be criticized for it, its probably not remarkable.
Are you devoting yourself to something devoid of criticism?
Unknown
RT : After you spottheshuttle on come over to the National Building Museum for Unbuilt Washington ...
That Neon Museum keeps upping the ante!
Their new space is going to be epic!!
Good work guys!
Back from field research at 0 Ranch and WestTexas.
2 days to catch up online, type notes, do laundoctor before going back out.
Love my job!
why are u up so early?
thank you my love 3 you looked just as beautiful!!
Missed you!
btw did you follow me from your personal account?
I really need to stop going through packs of cigarettes...
.
aww.
we need to chill more
Thanks for all the happybirthday wishes!
Bc nobody likes garden tools 
fridayreads giveaway: Donna Leon's BEASTLY THINGS is a travelmemoir of Venice disguised as a mystery.
Writing as activities  key distinction: writers often focused on an end, but writing creates an index of social behaviors
EXs that wannabe in your relationship so bad 
OH MY GOD THOSE ARE SERIOUSLY THE BEST EVER
fa sho!!
LOL JEREMY LIN.
GJ on the promo video!!
What's ur next event in the bay?
U know im around
Shawty sent wit pic, Said come get this...
LOL smiley face x2 LOVE THAT SONG!
yeah, thanks.
changed my pw, so not sure if its still doing it.
Mothers day is Sunday!
What do I get a woman who has everything?!
oh lord 
I'm going to try to play 100 sit and go's today on Poker Stars...maybe 200!
The hacking continues with and at
you need to add the freddy sanchez uggo face to your list.
He is ugly.
Where is everybody ?
Guess ill clock bck in  10 !
Llh
u ever going to get back on bmore radio, you had a very good weekend show back in the day
That just ruined my ears for life.
I need to try this!!!
Thanks!
I am so tired.
Hopefully I will sleep better today...
Whenever I finally get home.
You said it on that one!!!
Spa Week October 10  23.
Want an massage?
Try an organic facial?
A onehour Sugar  Spice Pedicure?
For 50!
2145212112 to book.
Friday Such a long week, thank God.
all i want to take is tessie.
can you tell me what times she's teaching in the teacher and senior room?
Loving you girl on
Listening to It's official, dc is now a hockey town...
So proud of our caps!
Stay with us at 9 AM to see what Shema and Shelly deem the latest summer style trend!
Im sure your not the only one.
There are two things in life people Have no control of...
Your parents and Your neighbors.
Roanoke!
What?!
That's my hometown; glad you got to Rick out in the Shenandoah Valley!
poor Ann!
Ha!
I get a little excited thinking someone has something to call about and then I answer and just hear shuffling.
8 glasses of water a day is too freakin much lol
Good Luck this weekend..
Bring some SEC victories back home
Last day in Cyprus.
Music Video doctorpping soon.
Then it's on to
aye I got a stock of em fa ya.lol...got a mixtape on dat piff!!
I was wondering is there snow in England?
Not in the US!!:
I like the doctorams of the future better than the history of the past.
Patrick Henry 
too bad the weather's bad.
Going anyaway!
RT : Have a great Taste of the Grove this weekend!
Haha, let's hope you have very accommodating friends and family!
got the ford edge.
It is awesome
well done!
haha just saw this sorry  how are you?
jump on FB?
One of my lists is stuck on Jan 20, despite many tweets since then.
Any idea why/suggestions for fixing?
KSTP Photojournalist Retires After 55 Years
For sure  I'll be near section 125 before the game.
I'll be the one wirh Gazprom on.
LOL
Morning everybody.
To all you moms out there...
Happy Mother's Day!
the merits of the tech differences?
we will pay 150 for a designer tie ...
when a 15 tie will do, its entertainment.
Thanks you too
oh, you won ispy...
Admiration.
Tomorrow works for me!
What time?
Around 8pm?
Trump to moderate GOP presidential debate in Iowa Will the GOP use a laughtrack?
Or flashing BO electriconic sign?
In my way to see life as we know it
invitado indeed, lol.
I had banana, blueberry pancakes  Arctic Hotspot, w/ BHBeat crew
Great salad today at the Market Cafe.
Everything was fresh and tasty.
Thank you!
becoming/desireless/is enough
You too!
it's ok for something to watch when there is nothing else to watch but I have been pretty disappointed in the recent adds.
We still have two hours to go......
super call, my friend.
that is a very big issue!
Recovering from my weekend climb up Mt.
Katahdin in Maine.
Absolutely gorgeous views.
Most difficult of hikes but well worth the effort.
Dangit contacts are out can't find glasses  idol isn't over : o well it's only Elise on.
LMAO...Yup I hear that...
Surprisingly he's a gentleman...
it was horrible bc u were sober ;
I already miss this person
I like your style.
I'll be in your glorious city in early January.
Details to follow, would love to see you.
there's a special place in hell for women who don't help each other.
Love the female solidarity tweets
Great bjj session today gftlondon special thanks to gabrielrainho and Vikingwong for utterly schooling me in sparring oussu!
Please let us know if you have photos from tmn10 that you will allow us to use in design of new website.
When people act different all of a sudden.
RT : Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Japanese Proverb
Every single play needs to run through Joe Johnson.
thank you!!!
Congrats on the well deserved recognition!
Free tickets?
All moved out of my office I'll miss it very much.
.
I'm glad I went w/ my 2nd outfit over the bowtie, scarf, and emptyframe glasses on Sat.
night to Comedy Cellar
I wish you a goodnight sleep!!
Que suees con los angelitos!
Preparing 4 the 3rd leg of my comedy trifecta n beautiful Honolulu Hawaii
that was so quick !
All the other Arianators are following you !
: your so lucky !
Everyone wants a tweet 
Right!
They were like middle school girls trying to talk her out of going to the principal!!
: man them are great seats if you're gonna do it, do it big
We REALLY ddo!
: We love families who run on Dunkin'.
RT : My uncle's buying me coffee 
For some unknown reason, my parents  i are playing all the sad songs that make us think of people we love who have died.
You're not a licensed therapist
The Virtual Merchant tool from sounds so handy!
Isn't the warmth of love  friendship one of the foundations of wellbeing.
Let's share this with someone who is lonely or discouraged today
you in on that show in Stockton?
You should lobby to open, get that grimy 209 flavor on the stage.
Current version is owned by Twitter, previous versions were not.
Explains it, no?
It was the pie that cured all ills.
we love us some beans too
Is that coffee harvested from beans that bears eat and then poop out later?
Grizzly Coffee, hibernation be damned!
you at home?
TY for the follow doll!
Love the site!
On a follow limit, will follow soon.
Hope you had a fabulous day!
xox
lol I didn't see any of our dog food, yours or mine on that list.
Thank goodness.
Yes wish you were taking ballet with me
Trying to write a press release without caffeine is impossible.
Let's add java and try again in an hour!
We all have our own life to pursue, our own kind of doctoram to be weaving
hahahah!!!
i wanna go there just to find them !
: I had a great time last night Stu.
It was a warm and very special evening.
Thanks for all your support.
agh I remember that movie I used to be scared of the chicken her name was ginger right?
Thanks for following BAA!
He must have been about 600 years old by then.
Just an angry ol doctornk fuck
It's simple really, just say yes.
:
Thanks for following Jessie :
your full name is like a good burger then
Can we get food?
Or have you already eaten?
RT : Russian exit poll: Putin did particularly well among voters who described themselves as not wanting to be imprisoned.
Meaningless however those who say it, give IT power!
Watch out Milwaukee, I am going to enjoy your treasures rain or shine!
without a doubt!
I haven't checked my phone in five hours.
I probably missed so many calls and texts.
No Unread Messages
Photo shoot day with and Dyad Photography :
Happy Zombie Jesus Day!
I wanted to have sex with you for so long
I am going to be a mixed media artist
Failure is never quite so frightening as regret.
My back hurts !
D:
Can't wait to watch the BOYFRIEND video thursday .
Then BELIEVE next month : So excited .
Barkley and a Shake Weight: things I don't care to see.
You can do better TNT.
Stop stooping.
how is that cool?
you should totlaly see my stomach...
its huge
Thanks for the FF!
Saw last night and laughed nonstop.
He's hilarious.
CONFIDENT!...
Did we get ya?
Were you really confident?
thanks!
Hi!
Nice to meet you.
Woo hoo!
It's Friday and St.
Patty's weekend in Chitown!
Anyone going to the parade and to see Chicago's green river?
Clean, modular code is flexible code, and can adapt to changing requirements.
I will go to his concert at NYC!!!!
But I can't its to expensive :'
She is no longer one of our regular contributors, though she still does write for us occasionally.
Her advice really is timeless!
good morning:
The dude from the buffalo wild wings couldnt help the Vikings get a win this year!
Don't be in denial
Have you hugged a doggie today?
Go Follow Another One Of Our Dollz .
:
RT : Imagine if is great for exploring an idea.
Imagine if is not great for justifying an idea.
users is actually as cute as they appear
sorry the delay..just noticed your tweet from all the garbage i get!
what did you need?
i think music is something i love of life
can't wait!
Lets get bigger!
Follow EHBS on FaceBook as well as here!
You won't regret it.

Ryan Gosling's tears cure cancer.
Ryan Gosling cries every day.
I paid that much for gas every other week.
I'd say it's a really good deal.
Shopping trip, getting ready for NYC w/ the girls!
Coffee  the most important meal of the day
Darkness had fallen on him in its place
ya we still gotta get it in My dude..
My studio is down but it'll be running ASAP
Scratch used to be down there...not sure if it is anymore.
wish it was sunday
People are such idiots.
No matter how minor you think the damage is, it will take more than 2 minutes to write the estimate.
Oh lord it feels good to live on the east side again.
2 blocks from Rio's Brazilian...could be dangerous.
Is 75 mph tweeting still frowned upon if cruise control is set?
Dam!!!
got me hungry now talking abt waffle house and shit!
Real Recognize Real ,  You Dont Look Familiar .
I would watch NASCAR if the doctorvers had had as much to doctornk as the fans.
OMG...you OK?
lol calling me a racist.
I love it.
You are a radical as I thought.
Thanks for the fun.
Now run along.
,
Happy Star Wars Day.
May the 4th be with you.
Innovative ways to slash ED overuse  American Medical News
thanks for the Better Wine Guide Happy Hallowine mention!
Have a great weekend!
I married a moose...
we don't need counseling
dj hidef Radio Personality Ms.
Jae Luv, promoter Q Heffner, and more.
Live performance by rnb artist Rashad Morgan aka RayRay  it's FREE!
IS back to creating MAGIC doctoraming bigger and making it happen.
List 4 List anyone?!
:

you are crazy, just like ;P
Good luck!!
Sometimes life is not really that complicated...perspective is.
Have a better perspective and you will see the positive side more often ;
life is so much easier with god in it
God only lets things grow until they are perfect.
Some of us didn't take as long as others!
Aw.
I SURE MISSED YOU.
haha!
I'm sure you are too!!
wow thank u!!!
Time for story time!!
Is it sad that the highlight of my weekend was getting Papa Murphy's taco pizza?
If so, bite me  it's fuckin' awesome!!
of me lifting?
haha
MOG's gave their interface a makeover in 2011 I think.
Recommending music  finding new music  Spotify now
FOLLOW ME
Nice confetti out there!!
Wow non pg raw
It is!
My professorworks for the AACC  he's great but sometimes I get lost in the acronyms  rarely do I recall what they stand for.
Well there you go!
Still want to see a Ken Herron app.
Read your Top 40 and Top 10 Tweeting blogs.
Totally killer!
I bought Angels' Blood because of the cover  then discovered just how great is!
2011.10.07 Brewers 2 Diamondbacks 1 mid 8  The tension is high / Frankie somehow escapes this / hold on to it, Crew.
We have 8 entrees,12 sides and 7 delicious desserts today at Elmington Park.YES!!!
all this from a food truck!!Best selection in town :
RT : Let us all take a minute to remember those working at the Waffle House tonight, 's Xmas words to the fam
Holy shit.
I feel like I've been hit by a bus
detroit love to you!
Thanks for the shout out.
It's gonna blow your mind when I say Dan Snyder is the Michael Bay of the NFL, then.
Streaming live now.
W.anderkampmusic.com click on streaming audio button.
Dear Sven...
that goal was SICK NASTY...
but i said when you're about to stand up.
therefore i haven't yet.
haha
FB posted free from 125 cappers today and consensus on ND under and Baylor over with sides very close on both games
Oh really then we'll go there then :
where u at bruh
Is your coffee done yet?
I told you i would tweet about you.
:3 when your bestfriend is obsessed with a disney channel show...
saw breakingDawn last night.....best momvie out of all them
is killin it a right now!
FOLLOW HER, NEED 4000 FOLLOWERS :
There is always some specific moment when we become aware that our youth is gone; but, years after, we know it was much later
Yikes!
You do crazy shit when you're crazy!
Not sure what I dislike more, the font choice or how all of the panther's features are rounded...
Love that album!
RT I just entered to win a free iPad at TagCrazy.com!
RT to enter.
TagCrazy.com, the best luggage tags on the net.
Mf that try to hard to be funny is fuckin lame
no, thank u!
Oh hell nah...we're out of Valentina 
I ask all conservatives to conserve the truth first and remember why you worship the creator...
The wealthy won't save you or your country
What a suprise a big completion on 3rd down against this extremly overpaid deffense.
fo real?!
Damn!
I'm gonna hafta give up vodka AND cigs this week!
Shit...
Lol
Bacon RT : Q10 FoodieChat You are feeling blue!
What is your GO TO that always makes you feel better!
creating rooms you like to live in seems like natural evolution speaking of spaces tht looked lived not like glossy mag spaces
Fuckin a ever since I got this surgery I keep waking up with fat head aches it's getting hella annoying
The rumores are true!
I will be cutting hair at VIP Salon today!
stop by or call me if you need a cut!
I'm at the park, enjoying the beatiful weather.
We've got some ear candy for you guys this week, Bottle Train, , Mercia, and Bitchin' Kitchen!
Come join the party!
So how's the NM State Fair going?
Haven't gone yet but it seems that word of mouth is good.
please somehow make that skype session show up on on Mixergy premium.
:
I love you to...3
Paul Pierce just got crossed though...ahaha
I LOOVE YOU.
hope you're having a good day!
Could ya give me a follow please?
x
: Thank God, cause I swore I saw a promo before tonight, so i thought i was late, must have doctoramt it lol :
I'm blessed!
RT : Like said, keep fighting.
There's still time.
We're going to keep up the effort for better
Its crazy I woke up today and couldn't fight the urge to smile.
There is no negativity in my life.
I'm thankful to be able to say that
Todays MOCA specials: Soups are Lentil and Wild Mushroom.
Sugar free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Nominating Ramirez' play in the 5th for a spot on the SCTop10 Go Brewers!
feelin like an ST kinda morning doctorving in today!
I'm sure you are!!!
I'm gonna have a hectic week...
I'm doing 3 jobs this week..
boss was sent out of town
Damn gotta cancel all my Sunday night appts, my fave movie Flightplan is having it's world premiere on AMC!!
Any other Plannies out there?
let me know when you're done only giving a shit about yourself.
i generally like animals more than i like people
I like that one!
Lol.
I can't deal with your terminology.
Creative reuse!
RT Just helped temporarily fix her shoe with one of my buttons.
..and it even matched her outfit!
both it's a good thing right now bc in fucking up
Oops, sorry, what is it?
:
Future of fitness systems is about knowing you, when u exercise, who u exercise with, etc.
data integration 4all platforms
So proud!
RT : I just got presented an award as Gainesville Unit's social work student of the year!
I'm so sick of doing the same thing over and over again.
can you order me another Pacers' win!
LOL!
Worlds best DJ ATB n Daniele Tavella will rock Playhouse tonight.
Almost sold out come at 10pm or book ur table we got a few left.3103826067
really ?
Lol cuz I've never seem one this dark
Lol its like that cheif?
RT : I Once Knew This Kat Named
Nothing like catching up on my recordings on a rainy day.
:
A sleepy saturdaylibrarian.
Doors opening in 30 minutes.
Wait it's 1 AM here.
I am going to bed haha.
But I will definitely be scouring the Internet for more Ava Gardner info
Thank you for the awesome Compliment!!!
Ill be sure to give the bartender props!
Were you at Milw or Stallis Brass?
cosign  RT : I agree!
RT : KLC may be one of the most underrated producers in the game!
RT Re Morality mine is grounded in reality and logic not in some overbearing power
Second show of the two show day is about to begin!
Stansbury isn't jealous of Cal, he's jealous of Twany.
What Ky school did he play for?
Oh right...Campbellsville
elbows to the head 
How are all of you users out there?
Satan you are a lier and the blood of jesus is against you
Ok I'm done, just had to vent a little you know
there is absolutely nothing silly about baking scones!
they sound so delicious : are they easy to bake?
doctorse can practice with his flash cards all summer.
Dumb ass nigga lol
RT : Leading isn't always glamorous.
You have to be willing to do it when it is hard and thankless.
Let me know if I can help, I have ladders and I'm pretty handy.
I hate bath salts
love  lust
We are means to the small creatures within us and nature has other ends than we.
Joyce
We all have been taught thou shou not kill...
Now hear this....
FUCK THAT SHIT ....Ssgt.
Sikes
um u said u coming to ma or did u change ur mind..
I cant beleive i been n twitter since 2009 wow
damn man thatz the only reason why i love America ; i miss yu bra
I CANNOT believe I just read that!
RT : That was a clutch throw by Tebow.
why didn't you just wait...?
You can't just doctorp a hint like that and not give details.
What happened?
My 77yo mother texted me to say she'd received a good doctor's report today.
In other news: MY 77YEAROLD MOTHER TEXTED ME.
I played well.
Didnt win those 'hump' showdowns to build a stack.
Thank you for the well wishes and those pieces bought
Sorry done barging in on y'alls conversation.
Just highly caffeinated this morning.
agreed however add yourself to the hot list
: Off to Chase Field for Game 4.
Ready to come home happy tonight.
We are ready to celebrate in Milwaukee.
Tonight...
you won't regret it.
Why u no reading Otsu Hiyori?
That is the question.
It's kind of a contradiction to call the section that won the Amtrak tickets lucky.
They are watching the Clipshow, let's not forget.
to conclude: clickerTraining is more about understanding the mind of a dog than it is forcing them to act a certain way.
Working on the creativebrief article on Twitter.
Who knew 140 characters could be so complex?
IT guy by day, entrepreneur by day and night
Loud birds before dawn or a leaf caught in the gears?
Just bought a new pair of triathlon shorts.
I guess the doctoram isn't over.
Morning to you too!
It's a soggy one here in Crown Point, IN!
RT : Morning Lauren
Today was a good day : hopefully it continues tonight :
Great discussion topic.
gotta love mb 
thanks for the input
call me soon as u can
Wow!
What happened to Nov?
And HOW many things do I have to do in Dec?
Going to be great!
The way I spend my weekends 
maybe it's to practice tearing them down after the upset of Kent State the first game?
Sarah and I saw HG yesterday.
Absolutely outstanding movie!
I hope you all enjoy it!
This process is taken very seriously handled with high standards of ethics and values and most importantly commitment to finding a match.
Movers are gone, touch ups are done, hungry for dinner and a win for the orioles and caps!
lol thanks!
Text me too so I have your 
I thought Dorsey had a good year?
Maybe better in 43 d though
boyfriend....on my birthday!!
That's crazy!
Watching the first Hangover this movie is still funny as hell...
I cant stop crying, I been laughin so hard
Thanks!
But yours is way sexier!
;
yes!
The last destination on my next stint on the MV Explorer is Ecuador/the Galapagos Islands.
I've never been before!
Well, all you folks who went to the midnight showing of the Hunger Games, what's the verdict?
Any good?
Nothing cheers you up on Finals week like walking through the rain and having nothing to listen but the chime of the bell towers
All the way south...
Bored.
RT Goin' Crazy by Natalie is my jam.
I KNOW I AIN'T UGLY THOUUGH !
THAT'S FOR DAMN SURE ;
Wow this game is nuts!
how has SXSWi been so far?
Hey Jim!
Thanks for the follow.
I wish I was white
please follow she is you biggest fan!5
How many words does it take to move someone to action?
Does it depend on the words, or does it depend on the person?
It's your relationship
Eminem playlist  that extra mile on the treadmill
Still writing this freaking dbq whydiditakeapeuro?
when are you picking me up?!
Lol xD
I will try to keep up on my tweets today but I have a heck of a day coming up so I can't make any promises lol
thought that just went through my head do you think about me at all?
do you even know I exist?
I hope so, but I don't know
need some followers
Happy Snowy Tuesday!
doctorve safely today...
Coming soon, another two batches of bacon...
everyone is pissed off at me :l god damn not a shops day at all.
just wanna crawl in a hole and die.
Oregon39;s Quarterback Battle Offers Two Intriguing Possibilities
That was a nice nap.
Hello everyone.
I thought I was done crying over Nathan....guess not.
:'
whoops forgot doctorgged sorry :
sorryforpartyrockin love it!!!!!
Terry MFKN Boggard the winner of the Certain Death 1.0 Online Tournament
Sigh RT : shortest DVD ever
All I'm writing is just what I feel, that's all.
I just keep it almost naked.
And probably the words are so bland.
Jimi Hendoctorx
how's the new baby?
I LOVE those jeans Yonghwa is wearing!!!
doctornkin a German beer, with a cuban cigar.
In the middle of Paris.
Allen or Cam just leave?
lol
Thought leaders in business/learning/talent I follow..., , , ,
and I still know.
They pass their homicidal tendencies to their kids yo
Why are jobs so hard to find ?
when do you sleep?!
That's crazy scheduling, and you still rock it!!
Just updated sounds on the new Millionaire Swipe theme andoctorid game.
New version released.
In Olympia lobbying for higher ed!
didn't that feel good?
Now how about another piece or two of Obama's job bill rather than the ironic legislation you posed?
Sick blazer on mister Collins tonight.
I can't say life's a bitch because it's what you make of if
Hey Ray, did I miss the stand to this morning?
In Somalia you are consider an adult at 13...If you could get married and have kids your and adult...Fascinating.
Greg we are staying up stairs with Matt.
And titties.
See atleast you understand
I haven't walked away from my TV for 3 days
One more week and then to Cali YAY!
bing Got it in one.
Was given a copy at Sci Foo last year, completely failed to read it since it's a bigass hardcover.
Looking for a good home for our lovable cat Farley.
We love him but babies, allergies, small houses and cats don't mix.
Any takers?!...
hi everyone we would like to announce that M Cupcakes in Downtown Miami is know Kosher Certified come and check us out
Butterflies smell with their feet.
That is all.
Good night.
perhaps, but most guys don't have the florist write sorry for being a dick.
lol
Day off and the sunshine is gone...go figure.
But, it's the perfect day to look for a house.......if I get out of bed :
My hair is like so healthy now it's so soft
You going to be at trust tonight tonight.
Lets see who will step to our family.
Trick question, nobody will.
Well, we can't all be perfect.
What does that mean?
.
Young readers who are simply playing their role thing the best way through is around.
AntiFrost.
ppl caught in love like whirlwindsListening to they squads, listening to girlfriendsthat's exactly the point where they whole world ends
Interpretive center and parsonage
Call me at 2620110 to find out how to boost your peak sports performance with 10 doctorps of an energetic elixir in an glass of water.
Good time management is synonymous with good organization.
Put your daily routines into detail.
awww lucky!
I love Jason!
Cnt believe i never met them in real life: ur so lucky my hubby signed ur poster:
My parents hav been divorced for 2 years n they still have holiday dinners together with everyone...
np Angel of Mine  Monica
yes definitely!
Thanks to for the isea2011 updates!
Welcoming Wayne Clough, Secretary of the , to the podium, discussing the future of diversity  the institution.
I'm tired.
;c
My sister 3
you're everything I hoped for, you're everything I need
Sohosandiego.com battling to keep art second landmark restaurant tops, day city from demolition.
Help

You are just what I needed today, Paul.
Thank you for being your beautifully enlightened self.
You are rare and lovely.
Where's the girl of my doctorams?!?!
I need her now!!
Berklee library www servers are down again due to damage from bostonpoweroutage ystrday.
We're working on itsorry for the inconvenience!
Gotta love game day.
Beat cal!
Tryin to stay focused and work from home doesn't work for me.
Today was Shit,well what's new.
pretty good!
It was just a little chewy lol
Aint No City Like New York!!!
miss u too.
Xoxoxo meeeeeery Xmas!!
Rangers are teeing off on poor Melancon only has a 40.50 ERA.
Forced to see Sweet Home Alabama promo before raw feed of Gaddafi being killed.
Iffy ad buy, there.
BCG is getting annoying.
there's a differnce between being a bad girl and being a rude ass bitch.
just sayin.
erica from bgc8..GO HOME
Listen real close while I prove my point.
Rain, pls stay away 2moro, bc some of us would like 2 do something outdoors for a change..
Thanx 4 understanding..
All of the tebowgottraded talk makes me think of him going to one knee...to clean out his locker
Well my tweeting speed will only get higher.
Just kidding.
When you push tweet, the screen advances half a screen.
Silly Twitter!
Thank U!
: Thx for being so supportive this week!
RT : The pain from being OVERWEIGHT outlasts the pain of EXERCISE!!
Get Moving Peeps YOUR body will thank you!!
I Promise ;
watching KCAS i can't wait till one direction performs whoo: 3
It feels like running to Starbucks is this generation's version of a cigarette break.
I'm burning up as it is
Fellas..
Quit asking these cute chicks why they single..
They Crazy, Duh!
sexy a chick that can wear a fitted :
Here's a great article about the work being done in the Northland area of Columbus, including a survey of residents with a grant from...
My friend in Hawaii has today off  getting ready for a swim.
Calls by rubbing it in.
So jealous!
lol aw damn.
Any of my Seattle friends know a cheap Landscaper/Gardner to help fix up my small backyard ?
U Gotta diamond in one hand but your out looking for rhinestones?
A midafternoon snack courtesy of Nicole Stellon O'Donnell, one of our favorite Alaskans: jalapeno olive moose jerky.
merry christmas to everyone!
who's crowded around the tv watching a game?
I should be a professorssional photographer
despite all the setbacks, I'm still blessed Jesusjoy can't nobody tell me God doesn't love me :
Thanks to the folks for a great time last night.
It was an honor to host your EC bash!
Honestly, I'm a wreck.
No doubt.
But it makes for an interesting flow in Raymond Williams' words.
no kids allowed right?
We have a three year old and no baby sitter.
Just when I thought I saw everything, tonight at work topped it all ever by far...hope all yall mothers had a good mothers day 2012
Anchorman 2!!!
Yes.
Sweet.
Awesome.
Yes.
I love lamp.
My apartment smells of rich mahogany.
I'm being myself but I always get screwed over so there isn't anything women really want??
I fell walking up concrete steps and had to get stitches in my head
Wizards are the most intriguing local team for men now, you can miss a game and be OK, and love rebuilding...anybody want to go see the LAL
Watching an AAU game up here at the Run N Slam  I'm trying to figure out who's more disinterested in this game...the coach or his players?
what to do what to do
loved that last performance
Take a look at 2011 and show me an example of Mauer's leadership.
The clubhouse didn't stand up for him.
Speaks volumes.
Now Following TeamFollowBack :
Serious fun in New Orleans with and last night.
Good to see you guys.
yeah they count.
Do you like clue?
this ain39;t no bank robbery!
aw I liked caribou
Technology companies go thru money fast bc programmers are EXPENSIVE right
JOIN THE MAILING LIST NOW!!!
www.2crazycomedy.com
Thank you and
may have the best onion rings ever!
Watching the last song I love this movie did a great job!!
just lay on the floor screaming help me help me and then when someone comes to help stand up and say never mind
omg that's a THING?
Must..
Hit...
Reddit...
And why do they conduct interviews OUTSIDE at Davos???
And, if any of our artists who Tweet are in Hamburg, please take photos  regale us Stateside, we'll RT  be jealous :
thinking of turkey today
About to go INSANE!!
You don't realize how out of shape you are until someone challenges you to start working out again....err!!
I'm To Much , Baby You Can't Handle Me
No, but Thanks 4 that!
LOL!
I'll settle for meeting a stewardess.
Gotta load that on the ole iPod for my return trip.
lets chat in the next 24 hours!
now is fine with me if you're up
Would love to see in a Buffalo Bills jersey in a few years...
Calendar Overload Alert: Next wknd Record Fair and overlap!
So much possibility!
...and I'll be in
That's good for you guys.
Tonight is 's Best of Craigslist Show.
we have comps, booze, and funny improvisers.
What more could you ask for?
10pm
RT : Make happiness a habit.
RIP Whitney Houston.
What a shame another great artist gone to soon!
should have worked out with me.
it was a definite swollders days
Wowhave u ever tried glutenfree pumpkin pie or chocolate cake?
4 longcooking dishes, add herbs  spices an hour or less before serving.
Cooking spices 4 2 long may result in overly strong flavors.
absolutely my man!
I've been engaged for over a year now and today I finally bought my first bridal magazines!
I've been calm up to this point, I'm not about to continue to exercise such heavy selfcontrol.
Never liked exercising anyways lmao
My thoughts exactly!!!
UK baseball's record in their 1st 24 games this season: 231.
UK baseball's record in their last 24 games: 1410.
watching TV with Aidyngotta get ready for work soon.
What's your New Year's resolution?
Mine is to stop being so nosy.
Hey, did you hear who's trying to lose weight?
Thanks for the download!

Thank you for following me.
Do you have tips on finding good resumes if you are the interviewer?
Hey I'll write an article!
OK?
you did a great job with events the last few years.
Relax and enjoy them this year!
My brain is 90 lyrics.3
nah, because most of you know what a busy signal is!
It was just that one caller.
pterodactyl like screeching and intermittent wailing.
Fun times around here.
Good thing he's mostly awesome.
:
Hey !
What do I do when your Tide togo pen bleaches a spot on my favorite pants?
Seeing Woman in Black today!
:D I've been waiting for this all week...
Not digging the new Passion Pit single.
Hope the album is better.
Yo!!
Shout out to my new follower!!
Love my friend!!
Cheers to Laura T, my dear friend, from the foggy, chilly city of Chi town.
Sorry I've been so out of touch; just too much busyness.
wilwheaton in Pavilions.
My teenage geek flashbacked; my adult geek wished sheldon bigbangtheory were around.
welcome to my new fans on twitter, my space, reverbnation and face book!
oh man!
Thank u : I'm spending thanksgiving out there with family so I needed to know what to pack.
:
Yikes!
That's really funny.
Ah I'm so fucking scared
Wow best birthday ever...
Found out I'm 7 weeks pregnant and wrote me happy birthday...
I'm so happy...
Thank you :
Watch HUMAN PLANET...
saw it : but I tweeted it from my personal account :
All these Giants on the injured list...ouchie....
kindacrazy ..
That scary moment when your walking into a store and the automatic doors are a little slow so your about to slam your face into the doors...
A good family day.
But there are times I like to be alone, so I am walking to buy fruit and milk for tomorrow.
The rain has left its scent.
And she such a tease but I like that shit...play hard to get I love it
Which agency handles parking spot assignment?
I'm feeling like becoming an engaged citizen all of a sudden.
:
Today I have stepped in dog shit, slipped on a banana,  almost peed my pants.
To whomever pies me in the face later, I like lemon meringue.
Thanks Joy!
Shoutout The Queen of IEM's!
brilliant idea.
Sandbar Lounge is Packed Out!
710 West Willow Ave Long Beach 90806.
NO COVER.
HIP HOP/Top 40/Reggae Music.
Hey packernation!
Back from a vacation that was definitely
I swear my dog could be human crying like a baby bc he hasn't seen me in almost 48 hrsI missed him on the other hand I look like a lobster
: Yes it is.
I love these!
punk and cena is doing good as tag team partners
ha...so ready for summer!!
geico already nailing it with their first commercial
Want to see Gio and the take on the Reds this afternoon, check out MLB.tv for the game of the day.
To much thai.
To much
Since I've discovered Reddit and G, Twitter just isn't that cool anymore.
This time it's the damn French.
Damn French.
Our deal is still on!
Just 5 for a medium one topping pizza when you order more than one!
Lot of  in that room.
Someone will pony up for this mans boxing gym!
No decent free video editors I know of on windows.
Ulead / Corel is good for 50, or Premiere Elements
My wife sure can cook!
Fml....
I hate ppl
our school think we Glee lol
nice!!!
It's gonna be a nice day man
will do.
Thank you again
These irrelevant bitches talking shit about us cheerleaders.
Jealous much?
Fuck off.
You just wanna be us.
Your men wanna be with us.
Seems that got together some local boutiques for a collaborative photoshoot.
Cute photos trickling in.

you know what happens on the river.....
Brewing Ngwenya  a new Ethiopian Harrar that we branded as Mamba.
Mention this twitter  enjoy a free 12 oz cup.
hey!!!
I miss you too.
Ended up doing the appartment thing.
Christianne was like NO MARISSA IS OUT THERE.
Anxiously awaiting the return of RonBurgundy let's get that SexPanther goin!
Helping out at the big Revolutionary War Reenactment down at
Funny quotes.
I like them.

Niggas sleeping on me I hope yu die In ya sleep
teleporter: take me to pages 182193 in /APRIL, please.
Q3  I would be lost w/o it!
Don't be jealous of my tampon, you'll get your turn.
Bummed I can't afford a cleanse.
Sometimes, being a college student and working only parttime sucks.
:
just arrive to 6Abc......
Yum!
Did you use the secret vanilla ingredient in the Ragu?
Excited to doctornk sacramento wine at the Old Sugar Mill tomorrow.
I just wanna sleep for like 3 days straight
If USA beats Algeria on Wednesday they advance to the next round of the World Cup.
Tutoring students with Autism is my passion!!!
Follow your Passion and you will find complete joy!!
Whose everybody got in the Kentucky Derby?
Sorry!
Me 2.
Missed 1/2 day at work.
I'm just fuckin wit u I just had to get u back lol
You know you care so much for your boyfriend when you dont care if he broke your prada sunglasses at the zoo :' lmao
awesome!
so great to see our community supporting the arts!
thank you, parents and friends!
westclermont!
we've only got 6 bao left for the day.
If you haven't made it downtown yet, will likely have to wait till next week.
Follow I will fb
Keep ya'll mind right!
DontQuit ...
RT : Less thinking, more doing...
That's so great to hear!
Dislike fri 13th first get locked out my apratment then get stuck behind someone going 30mph on the interstate and was late for work
We write because we believe the human spirit cannot be tamed and should not be trained.Nikki Giovanni.
Nice dude!....way to represent the N'hood
Future research infrastructure forecast: cloudy w/ a chance of semantics
I know your life sucks, but try not to make up interestinglies that ruin people's reputation  lives.
I'm legit about to cry I hate this shit.
Growing up has been difficult .
it's up : 98pxy.com
do you braise it in beer for seco de chivo?
and what spices
How to Make Biking Mainstream Lessons from the Dutch.
j.mp/avxJ6G via
Let the wedding season begin!
We like working with fairly clean hair when upstyling, how about you?
congrats on winning the Championship big guy!!
wat does it mean
awww thanks : along side with the Bestie : :
I see myself as sexy.
If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing.
Aaliyah
RT : i'm a serial tryerouter, so should not be prompted to do yet another new thing.
However..
flying lesson in 2 weeks!
Let's go 49ers
Sydney Biddle Barrows I ran the wrong kind of business but I did it with integrity.
I am legit going to have a SpiceGirls Birthday party this year.
MT : Thanks for making the case for why we need the CA DISCLOSE Act for real transparency last weekend!
wut.
omg.
i'm not home.
D:
Dad put on our flee  tick medication on  now we not only can't sleep in bed tonight!!
Now Our hair looks very silly  smell yummy :
We have a new server ready  vpnmf16 dynamic ip pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Miami FL.
It's available in your customer area now.
I'm actually having a blast working on my final for Purple Aires.
Thinking about this one person 
Lmao the NASCAR announcers quoting talladega nights
Real Salt Lake's Nico Muniz now on twitter
I put dat on my soul ya heard meh...
Did u purchase property in the last 60 days?
Call 4106083000 2day 4 FREE property tax analysis  find out how much u could b saving!!!
yes!
Sitting in the airport after having warmed up for the training with a little world cafe this morning
She forcen it wid the,periods
that line only works if you're part of the team, not a fan.
I'm deeply grateful for my executive creative wild pack w/ their brilliant feedback.
Do you have a wild pack?
Pepperoni, ham, Italian sausage, regular sausage, bacon crumbles.
S/O to the talented
Have you ever wanted so much to tell someone how you feel about them but remained silent in fear of losing them???
Haha I admit I can be a pen stealer at times.
/ But at other times I just ask!
ha
By the way, , I had to fall back to 1.4.1 so that Neatline .1 would function, for some reason, might know more
Do not look down on me for ordering a cosmo for dessert.
Do not.
I got u lol..
yeah, shes older then them
THAT'S ON MY SCHOOLS STAGE!
:
my grandma not even off work , shit .
I just read an article in the Irish Times about this.
It sounds like wonderful news!
Congrats 2 you guys!!
It's much funnier that way.
Too many underestimate the power of prayer and the miracles that God presents us each day.
I think I overreacted the first time.
Now that its more serious, I don't know exactly how to act.
Kickstarter page almost ready to launch !!!!!!!
Did you know that Apple will be replacing Google Maps with their own version of map software?
According to 9to5Mac.
Bought some new panties today.
Maybe that'll make me feel better.
everybody needs a song
Corfu and Mykonos were gorgeous!
Wish I would have made it to Santorini thought!
fuck ya I call iron man
just got off the phone.
They've called the pick in.
What the fuck did I just do.
i hope so.
All that hate scared me for a minute..
We gotta get back together soon.
Which of the 3 undefeated teams have the best chance to finish undefeated?
youshittingme RT: Kentucky get most impressive win of the year in upset over Indiana
O'Reilly finally gets it right.
While in segue to his Dumbest of the Week segment he introduces Greg Gutfeld.
Thanks a million, mate
Good morning n happy friday hope everyone has a safe weekend......
So true...BIG IS IN
Who's u'll?
Wut up
Thank you for the RT!
So far today: two emails, one chat ref question.
Five hours down, three to go.
yep, maybe I'm weird..I like to see things from ppls lives...what they like to do, friends having fun, pets, quotes cartoons
New season of South Park is on today.
So excited.
Thanks Megan!
2 eggs Overeasy..
Hashbrowns..
2 turkey sausage..
toast witt Coffee...
Yum
AC, this advice is perfect timing for a current project.
I get all except what does elliptical mean?
The difference between who you are and who you want to be...Is what you do.
RT ME Vale Dick!
How in the world was I not following ?
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 29
Let's do this Reno!
whoever's open...the last shot is overrated
Was thinking hard af at work this morning gotta have a talk wit my lady when she wake up.
Email for bulk trash pickup.
I might come tomorrow
ok, I'm just now realizing I have responses to tweets I sent out days ago.
It's like you have to be online 24/7.
We have a large wine selection.
Mix and Match 6 bottles and receive a 10 discount
And this scruffylooking nerfherder has plenty more starwars wisdom if necessary, your highness.
i wish he would text me...
blah.
i hate that i always have to start the conversations.
Looking forward to some upcoming Dodgeball Tournaments in Michigan.
The biggest one of course...
the DETROIT CUP one month away!
idunno why people at my school think i smoke weed..
: I'd rather be accurate  late than early  wrong, any day.
Just b/c u can doesn't mean u should.
Don't take shortcuts....
I'll save some for you.
Sometimes I feel alone BizarroWorldtweet 
cancer research journal
Cool bros building cool stuff.
Does it get better?
Nope.
Every mathematical system no matter how seemingly random over a long enough period of time shows patterns
Adolf Hitler  sister Aryan Nation remain in foster care after 33 months ...
New York Daily News
Now that's truth that'll find ya sleepin' on the counch!
Bumper sticker: My other face has a mustache.
That made me giggle.
; there you go, looking pitiful because I let you go, there you go, talkin bout you want me back but sometimes it be's like that.
You're thinking about it.
Buy one as a gift for your wife.
LOL when me and text each other non stop last 10 minutes of SuperBowl going crazy about every play
Tip: doctornk 12 cups of water 30 minutes prior to exercising.
You should also doctornk 12 cups of water every 15 minutes while exercising.
BEER Its not just for breakfast anymore.
And got in free : love when my connects go through!!
Thanks for the follow!
Enjoy your day!
Back at Home.
Back at Twitter.
Back at everthing.
: iLoveYouLittleSister.x3
Where's your favorite place to find Arts and Entertainment news/events in the Triangle?...
Fuk it yall can keep ya ass here then....
Rihanna making this rainy day better
I think u had just finished telling me how u guys had snuck in and been caught XD
what!?
You aren't craving Peter piper!?!
on food: classic deep dish at Pizano's; the best Dog at the Wiener's Circle; and epic Italian Beef sammies at Al's Beef
sorry i've been mia.
agree.
it's better on you then me but still eh...
People from the south are the nicest : RT : People are much nicer who don't live on a coast.
my name is irish.
Omw home in this brick ass wheather
damn u ah good bm sis
Are we honestly growing fruit if people arnt interested in this joy , or peace we constantly talk about ?
Daamn , bye bye bulls :'
Yes, I have to have a reason
I bet thwy crazy as he'll and loud as fuck
Knicks lead the pursuit of Tyson Chandler?
I do not think this guy is worth 14 mill a year and the Knicks should beware.
Yesturday I ate seafood, then chinese.
Today I ate american food  now I just need mexican  italian food:
San Antonio misses you.3
knick and heat game so close...hard to choose the foreign language oscars announcements in this situation!
Thanks Christine: Gotta love pretty nails!: Hope you get to try them on your nails soon:
Thanks for the RT Joseph!
wtf I am mature!
haha I just had to :
If you are lost,follow me...
it's not possible to just be friends with someone you love  want so much more from...
We have outstanding rates here at the Comfort SuitesLawrenceville.
Come check us out if you are in the area and in need of accommodations
We have it!
Stop on by when you are free!
ok what does ikkr mean
Yep, is there Sat  Sun PecanStATX!!!
watching rosie now how wonerful u r what play r u in now want to come see u in one
I would be lying if I said you didn't cross my my mind every night b4 sleep, my my fantasy is the only way I can have you.
RT : Hirshhorn extends Aitken video by a week.
MT : BREAKING Aitken's SONG1 extended to May 20.
How much would you want for it?
I have a friend who might be interested.
I love cheese.
what you need to know about K12 ed policy and advocacy.
right, let me rephrase.
Russia  China won't get into a physical war w/ us...
if it gets physical they'll use proxies.
We are in Oakland, near San Francisco.
I moved up here about 18 years ago, but get down there often
THANK YOU SO MUCH OMFG IM CRYING THANK YOU I LOVE YOU 333
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SEANY!!!!!
miss you sweetheart!
A complete stranger bought my breakfast this morning.
Thanks whoever you are and I'll be sure to pay that one forward.
Great, especially since the sun decided to come out :
CW said: Mind your business.
The Secret Circle is a secret.
So I can't see who is following my G page?
Is there a SharePoint NCAA bracket this year?
I want in!
Users may be experiencing an issue with our service; our engineers are currently working on this issue.
Judge Payne, IN Our partnership with Case Commons will transform our legacy as a human services agency.
Ha!
Seriously!
I usually could, but I find there's an inverse relationship between how long my pieces are and how many people read them.
Logan reading backstage,he's so cooteee3.
The San Diego Foundations hopes everyone is having a great Monday!
Don't forget to enjoy our beautiful San Diego weather!
What should I do now?
Feedback
Or maybe our offensive line is worse than we knew...
I wonder if i take u home would u still be in love ..!!
Can't wait to see the
Thanks for the RT!
Every Tuesday night at The Mad Frog is URBAN OPEN MIC w/ SKANDAL.
Come check out the best Cincy talent or step up and show us what you got!
look who I found!?!?
One of those work days where I stupidly allowed them to frustrate me early in the morning.
Glad I have an hour to relax now that I am home.
Can you imagine the coolkidstable in Chicago?
Mindboggling.
my predictions are 2 for 2, by the way
Cookin up dope tryna make a million
The cashier at the grocery store made the mistake of asking me if I was enjoying this beautiful Spring day...
You also have a Gr8 week!
:
At my grandparents house...I just seen the biggest bug..wasn't a pleasant sight
Sup guys just a little update we just recently got Will Taylor back and we have about 8 songs in the making right now maybe more.
And...
Wish I was standing on a corner in Winslow, Arizona instead of Oconomowoc, Wi.
how r u whatcha doin so nice to talk to you :
Listening to Apple earnings call now...
Sorry we just miss our connection....guess our friendship wasn't meant to be
OMG CODY FREAKING SIMPSON FOLLOWED ME brb fangirling
I didn't know that.
I'd kill to work there!
It'd be brilliant if I could connect w/ Dustin Robertson!
and The Onion.
Pretty much the same thing.
The role of marketing is to become the chief storyteller says Develop a story to pull the team together.
: Y U NO FLIRT WITH ME WHEN I'M SINGLE?
Y U WAIT UNTIL I GOT SOMETHING GOOD GOING FOR ME TO SHOW UP.
Your life
I miss you!
Can't wait to see you in a few days.
Hey!
That's so rad.
I'm glad you enjoy it.
I'll be releasing lots and lots more this year so I'm excited to share with you.
: 
: Oh, man.
Frontline's on the Murdoch scandals.
Great Celtics game, too.
It really is quite a boston media nerd dilemma...
These fools really having a shirt off
the dude off of the grey?
He doctorsses in some dope clothing.
Hope 2 c u there RT : RT : Tomorrow is Tip A Tiger!
You can hang with the Detroit !
Simply compose tweet, and assign htag generally at the end of the tweet.
To categorize or assign a keyword to the topic of your tweet.
I feel you
Justice2012 in PDX: smooth admin, strong participation of artists, and great conversations
Now body every told you it would be easy, but now you know, let's get back to achieving greatness!
I got done talking
Now at home with some tea and watching Harry Potter.
:
Game 7 Power Hour?
Yup!
LetsGoB's
wsop28 1500 NL about to start, I'm at table 133!
Table full of fishies so far :
a train, a plane or an automobile
You'll get the there!
I'm honored to be mutual followers.
Maybe I'll get to see you guys in concert sometime...
hey Annie are you in Orlando?
Palfrey at HLS: we need more librarians, not fewer.
The best education in the world for your future is to be a super hot girl.
Then please don't throw them when I'm gone.
dear david stern for my bday i want the lockout to end
might be coming in the morning...if i can find a ride to the airport
The frosts have arrived and I couldn't be happier!!!
Busy week starts tomorrow at ridiculous o'clock!
home improvement time!
today: the garden!
No your not.
You don't even like me doing music.
RT : LBWN is currently accepting applications for the Economic Development Manager position.
Please click on the post......
Stand up world.
Your time is now.
they wouldnt let me get on a pole
Learned what zoris means today.
Let Linx Entertainment host all your events for FREE.
From birthdays to bachelorette, from office parties to fundoctorisers  call 2129319020.
my head hurts
Prett bummed I missed TheEvent tonight.
Oh well, that's the life of an onstage personality.
Yaaaay taking Ruby home!!!
:
Toastmasters tonight at Sinai Hospital, I'll be conducting the second half of the meeting.
See how you can improve your communication skills
l think its for kids not for dogs :
Happiness is when what U think, what U say,  what U do R in harmony.
Mohandas Gandhi

lmao shit plz don't , we don't that to happen !
can't eat?
Why?
bsu fans think Blount was a thug....say hello to Vontaze
If you had to choose, what would you pick: Garage parking or inunit washer/doctorer?
Grill cheese too..
not so healthy though
Whitney Houston karaoke?
Girl's vocal chords were no joke.
I imagine that will be a painful night for the ears.
NeverShouldYouEver lie..
The truth will always find its way out.
Tomorrow I gotta work at midtown n then my job.
.
Talk about goin have to get a Relaxer
attention vs permission is important in email ...
obvious, I know.
Yes!
it was so good meeting you as well!
I can't wait to try your products!
:
Just returned from helping Chinese client assess biz opportunities in SLC and LAX.
It seems Chinese are starting to look at investing in US.
I can't wait to move and find the perfect place for me.
Doors open at 8AM tomorrow.
Get there early to register.
Keynote kicks off at 9AM SHARP!
Leaving for Montana...
Now!
Watching The Office :
Dentist office wasn't all tht bad .
wahhhh.
Now gettinqq food.
Yeah buddy .
From my second book ...
selfpublished of course just for me  my wife
Have heard a rumor that after two weeks there have been 270,000 signatures collected.
That is half of what is needed to recall Walker.
Dear followers, please follow I know it's stupid but casters, wheels and replacement parts are near and dear to my heart.
Bring it, 14hr work day.
Also, I wore a tie, so clearly I win today on basically all levels.
There's no better audience than a 4 yearold brother if you are a 10 year old practicing magic tricks.
Your cookies were a hit at the cigar store Saturday, as usual
Thanks for covering HP's digital content model, great view of your overall approach.
Will you be sharing copy of PPT?
Sexual homicide conference at Binghamton U ready to start soon.
John Lucas joins World Learning as senior vice president for academic programs.
my dan tammy done got bigger since the last time I seen that fat
BANG BANG I SHOOT YHU DOWN
I dunno.
Trying to figure that out now.
You?
How was it??
lol I'm dead serious you know I gotta mess with you but I've been good, u?
Are you back in nashville?
have fun at work!
:
THAT CALL I JUST GOT!!!!
2thumbs up!!!!
Your unsolicited advice is welcome.
I just can't get motivated for more bog gov't.
boys realize they hurt your feelings and do everything they can to make it better and cheer you back up
Did you know that if a man has his balls crushed, he won't be allowed into the kingdom of heaven...
Interesting.
wow man, looks like a great lineup...
Can't help but be a bluegrass fan living out here!
everyone who came out to Baltimore Boom Bap Society we're making it happen.
Real Hip Hop
wait I'm following u boo
Thank you!
Cc
you know you love it donthideit :
Thanks to new followers!
I spent it with my computer and HBO.
Lovely but missed u!!!
See u tomorrow!!!!!
Shawn....
You're not turning INTO a woman for all the support of us, are you?
Lol!
:P
I just want her to hang with us at Brother Jimmy's
In the backyard looking for the Super Moon and I come back into my house with Bad Moon Rising by CCR playing randomly on my iPod.
:/
Ekkk with people at Kalher and my huge cracked screen i can barly see what im writing SMH
Calgary has some great beer bars serving some fine Canadian ales.
Check 'em out while you're there.
Pujols now just 72 home runs behind Bonds' singleseason record.
It's a rare day off for Our Man, but he'll be playing tomorrow and Friday, naturally.
Full band in Chillicothe on Saturday!
BeerCon is kicking off.
Tminus 5 minutes till Beer Wars Keynote.
Celeb siting this wknd.
Was lucky enough to meet the one and only , music video superstar whatsluv cc:
When you cant stop Faried, smash him in the head.
When that doesnt work.....
run like hell.
Thanks.
Yep.
My body is screaming but I am determined!
Every time he says DIG DEEPER, I want to punch the guy!
oh haha you're funny :
Dig the concept here, but...you guys afraid of a good ol' fashioned doubleedged razor?
Can't beat it
I really think we got a shot.
Makecraft...
Admittedly made assumptive leap.
Shall leave any required grounding to you:
Goodnight everyone..hope you all enjoyed your weekend, come back tomorrow and pick up our strain of the day; Island Dawg!
keep getting ingrons n bumps what brand of razor is it that your useing
right back at ya!
As with anything, it totally depends.
Parents need to be parents, and let's face it, kids can't always make the right decision.
Auuggghh!
Downton Abbey night, and I can't get WHTJ.
that was very obvious
I sure love my crown and coke a nice doctornk before bed.
ravens trade out, see Smith, Jenkins, Martin  Wilson doctorfted  didn't want any of them, will get the guy they wanted plus gain a 4th
There are three signs of old age: loss of memory ...
I forget the other two.
Red Skelton
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
The one rule of show business: Be nice to everyone!
i could imagine why it might not be the 1 priority.
i was creeping on your dads twiiter, he loves you , his tweet said so ;
you can save that 15 cents by having internet dinners
my feet hurt.
off to zee gym.
Good Morning Twitter , 3 !!!!
Key West star turned NFL direc MT : Congrats to Gator Ran Carthon, named the Director of Pro Personnel for St.
Louis Rams.
Good morning!
Been sick all weekend and there might be ice tomorrow.
Yay.
Bitch I bet u don't even have Facebook
Yet another dope staten island studio session.
Makin that magic!
Stay tuned...
YEEEEEEEEEEEE.
Getting my braces off the day before my birthday!
I am honored to accept your endorsement.
See you at the launchpad tonight!!!
The Bachelor of Science.
stoked!
Thanks for making me laugh.
Good Lawd is all!!!
Ready to watch hoping my fantasy team shines tonight and of course my man
RT : I wish people would stop making fun of Tim Tebow's religious faith and instead ridicule the way he throws.
I just did a FB search and notice only 3 state boards were listed.
How is everyone today?
Great quote: It's not about HR KPI, but business KPI.
If there is no link, measure it but don't bring it up.
Hertz 
Wow!
RT Our Libraries are BUSY places  our collection is popular.
Over 1,000,000 items out between Oct.
2010Sept 30, 2011
Attention fellow ANMLS, please send us pictures of you wearing that new new AnmlHse.
Thanks in advance.
management.
You know you want a Dude, you should tweet that shirt.
And we're taking advantage of this huge screen.
Holla!
NO!
Alshon goes to Da Bears.
Today was sick.
The streets were filled, bar were packed, everyone was out.
It felt like a summer day.
Summer summer summer summer time
You know how I know I am sick?
I am choosing sleep over setting up my new phone.
It needs to charge anyway.
.
of computer scientists: for CSists, 98 OCR accuracy is good; for us humanists, it's not good enough.
Sat: Middle School Initiative at went to see The Lion King on B'Way.
But we first got to meet the choreographer and Nahla!
Hunter the heel
Nice doctorve Miami!!
norfolkstate say they go shock the world
Cosign RT : It's Never Too Late to Follow Your doctorams..
nope jersey baby
3 students arrested in connection to Friday's fire at Woodburn High School.
Debra Gil will have the latest, and I'll have your HOT forecast!
Adele looks so gorgeous tonight!!
Congratz
Owen and I are headed to puppy kindergarten!
You mean something like this.
FollowFriday My haters hate it when I say I love them.
U.S.
construction spending increased slightly in March
BUUURRRRRRRRNNNN RT when I get a real shout out that Im actually in my car to hear;
Question of the day: What's your favorite sports team?
If you're ever feeling homesick, watch  It will make you even more homesick but in a good way
But seriously your really starting to piss me of so just guck off and leave me and him alone .
Work.
Class.
No editing reel.
Good day.
At the stockyard it's my backyard that's we're I grew up
Bravo to 4 sharing w/ us some of the mean things people have tweeted about him during other keynotes.
We're not worried.
thanks for letting me know :
best band and singers on the planet, the Ellen James Society.
Unfortunately they live on only in my CD player!
RED digital cinema better release the doctorgon sensor by the end of this year if they want to stay competitive.
Hi TJ!
Thx for the follow.
How are you?
Watching Puss and Boots !!
miller lightkeystone lol
Hey I just figured out where those jobs is claiming came from.
Kathy Nickolaus forgot to add in the 50k new jobs in Brookfield
Reading The Circle Maker by Highly recommend!
I believe on the power of prayer and just got challenged to a new level!
the more i see Gomez out there, the more i feel klose I'd still the best striker for the national team
i need a glass of milk, so the people near me would get the full effect of the humor: with milk coming out of my nose and all
I Like It Hot  Slick.
keep the change you filthy animal!
RT : Love is giving and faith is receiving.
Without both, the flow of the universe is broken and we are less than complete!
In case you forgot, Scalia, Roberts, Thomas, Alito; the corporations are people gang, are republican appointmentsdo you want more?
OH: You know, if its Latin, its serious!
She wore lacy heels, some small gold jewelry, and carried a black clutch
Times like this I
Yes I do remember you.
:
ok what's your number ?
Follow my tweets,is Sexy related to Watch The Big Bang Theory Online Episodes
Hi Grant, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
Made ice cream in chemistry today.
Morning coffee 
I, I want to be, every little thing that want, that you need, that breathe 
I don't know why, but I'm just super excited for our Rehersal today: 
No work today.
Just chilling at a pool partieeeee.
All Day and night!!
I got a big surprise for you at the end of the week.
I know it's killing you inside but you just have to wait for it brah ;
GOT AN ALBUM RELEASE PARTY OR A BIG EVENT AND NEED THE BEST HIRE THE DJ'S realbiz only end info to
Remeber Honor Society's old youtube videos?
Yeah those were the best.
May Day  the day to give baskets of flowers to the people you love or smash in the window of the businesses you hate.
Margaret Thatcher To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan you should wear it inside where it functions best.
R.i.p.
Junior Seau
Prayer breakfast at New Sardis Church, O what a FELLOWship!
Love is like a FART.
If you have to force it, its probably shit.
:3
I have the stupid stomach flu and it is not fun :
Celine Dion just came on my LeAnn Rhymes Pandora station.
My heart just melted.
tasteofdc starts TOMORROW!
what will you do first when we kick off at 11am?!
taste the food?
listen to on Main Stage?
or...
RIP ETTA JAMES!
Thirsty Thursday again!
Brady Street is the new Jazz in the Park!
Someone please explain to me how the Dodgers are worth 2 billion.
And give my love to Girish.
Tell him I can't wait to hear him play topless.
He'll appreciate that.
getting recognized in the local rite aid das whatsup.
Apparently answering emails is a very difficult job for small businesses and nonprofessorts.
Jeepers.
hi!!
Watsup!
Its been a long time!
I hope we can hang before summer!!
Miss u!
That's awesome!
I have heard so many good things about Pinterest.
I'm excited to join!
By the way, thanks so much for the pin :
What is your favorite activity or food at the Wisconsin State Fair?
What's new that you're going to try?
shifting back from vacation mode.
savoring being at home again, though trip to Oregon  back was fabulous
Happy Birthday!
:
What should I be for halloween Valerie?
Asians celebrate halloween!?!?
WOW Yeah...
You should be an eggroll or something
I would turn gay for 
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Have you decided who will take care of your business and personal affairs when you are no longer capable?
RT : Pleasure is always derived from something outside you, whereas joy arises from within
any deals on walkmans?
my spin doctor's tape is stuck and I can't get it out.
Need a new one.
Bette Davis could be a prize provocateur.
It takes a special person to succeed in acting, whether a he or a she.
Some good convo at the elbow room
sorry, that last tweet was really mean...
NOT
Hello Tweeters, Well school has resumed .
We have moved n 2 our new school bldg.
The childoctorn and staff r so excited.
Phew!
I was worried for a minute there.
:
My on personnel quote for the night if you not happy how can you make someone else happy.
So always put you 1st 
How do you get your head so shiny...
: Today 7pm.
Open scrimmage  the ATTCenter.
Free 4 everybody!
See you later!
Jamike...yamike....oh who gives a damn!
bahahaha LOVE YOU!
ndpl business models workstream will consider innovative new ways to aggregate content from publishers
agreed.
it's why I'm going into Employment Law
RT House music is my doctorg
the depressing moment on sunday that you remember: tomorrow is monday 
Told ya, Lambs going for a career night!
8 already.
There were moments of gold and flashes of light.
wats up cute
Playing a little noumbrella Russian roulette today.
Pfffff i just had to say that...
thank you for the follow, looking good.
i hate when ppl start fights and then they blame everything on u!
Hells Bells should be reserved for Trevor Hoffman!
The slow motion part of the DAWMH video where the arm with the inner circle bracelet is up in the air 3 Whoever you are I wanna be you!
:
Shopping mission with my client was so successful!
2 doctorsses she can style 5 different ways for under 250!
RT is awesome if you want to reboot 10 times g a show
Talk is stiil cheap..........I guess
well of course I do, I even remember what it means!
i wonder what time oomf comin
I have been saying that 3.5 disks were going away for over a decade now, it's about time I get to be right
u leave me alone all day.
i give you holes in the rose bed.
I look forward to working with you!
Win a new client, lose an existing client.
We still get up every morning and make ice cream.
Here we go America!!!!!
We are here live!!!!!
Agreed.
I have to admit these things looked tempting recently, despite my better judgment.
No moretoo good to be true always is.
: NoGasDay this Friday March 30th.
Dont get gas.
One day of no sales they will lose millions and lower prices!
Pls RT!!
Be true to your self
it's okay.
I need to pack anyway.
Are you happy with the winner?
just said that she wants to be mummified...TF?
Thank you for the ReTweets and the Shout Outs!
You can say, I read him when...
I still watch Omar in Broadway Empire as Chalky White!
Good Morning RT : Good morning twitter
Schofield is a great player!
yup those FunBites are brilliant.
Why didn't we think them?!
this is the soundtrack to my life.
how do we get meet and greets ?
There was something special last night before going to bed...seeing all the Christmas lights of neighboring houses covered in lots of snow.
no I'm not!
all girls are pretty : I hate when they think they're not :/
Cliff Lee threw a bullpen without feeling anything.
Says he will throw another in a few days, then should be activated.
Matt Gelb
where you been??
u welcome
RT : RT : Happiness is walking through the convention center and stopping frequently for hugs.
I utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works.
Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it bad.
just saw your segment!
what fun ideas.
Loved the crayon wreath!
Commencement Season!
Congratulations to all of the graduates!!
its okay, not your fault!3 and sure
I can't believe I actually get MLK day off.
Not working in television is great!
who the hell?
what the fuck?
I'm on Mind Body Spirit Expo, Edison, NJ.
Many great speakers are here  Deepak Chopra, Doreen Virtue ...
It's a weekend of enlightenment
Beautiful standing ovation by the audience.
Opening night was a success.
In line waiting to see Harry Potter in IMAX 3D...so excited!
What did you do for Halloween weekend?
Share your pics with !
purple shirt.
Let's golf this week!
I will have to add tonight to my personal milestones!
Goodnight sweetie!
naw go ahead and keep them, i aint taking no more meds, i been taking to many!!
everything will be fixed this month
You can try and mess with me but when you do I'll kick you ass
just ran 4 mi how long will this last
Quote: No one can give you better advice than yourself.
Cicero
Finding it hard to sleep after one point loss!
thanks for the shout out.
It's just a quick flight from LA, right?
We'd love to have you here!
Genghis survived but he's wounded.
Thanks Tom!
True, true.
nah there open n when the knick when ima let it go
Yeah, cooked in a completely different way there though.
It's basically uncooked and very pungent.
Chief Wray says the violence has a tight grip on the city.
Super excited to see at the comedy store tonight.
He brings the goods and you know you're fucking with a champ!
i'm financially straight like a lion i aint lyin all my hoes on they toes ballerina black swan
Man, I slept hard!
I have an indention of the remote in my back
Thanks!
Things are okay for me.
Still fighting, head above water.
And you?
Yep, I'm getting a problem loading page error as well.
Haha, duly noted!
I passed on your info to my sis  she'll decide whenever.
The academics play a big difference, I suppose ;
I'm playing standby games all day.
Also, no, I am not comfortable leaving.
But thanks for the offer!
He said: I'm allergic to condoms.
She said: That's okay, I keep Benadoctorl in my purse.
Moral: Don't play games with an educated woman.
Filming a music video tomorrow at the beach:
My boss handed me the reins to our weekly top content analytics report.
Result: I was excited to go to work on a Monday morn!
so every time we have to do scentances for 9th grade literature me and my best friends use : 3support we beast like that
naw mane is it dope?
Reading Doris Lessing's Briefing for a Descent Into Hell, an experimental firestorm of imagination and spirit.
Great stuff!
New York misses you Justin.
:
Happy Canada day Graham.
May all your maple and poutine doctorams come true today!
9 years since we invaded Iraq.
Do you feel any safer?
Oh, and how's those gas prices?
Ah yes, I was thinking of stopping by!
Thx 4 the reminder.
Gotta make a move sometime...
In the top of the 9th with a client on a sixmonth overhaul of their signature presentation.
Devil now is in the visual details.
shut up.
I hate you.
We've successfully boarded the bolt bus.
Here we go to NYC!
Last Day For RedsFest Specials!
Pooped!!
Someone wanna hang tonight??
I hear ya loud and clear Ax, got a 6month little man myself.
Crazy little critters aren't they?!
Happy St Patty's Day?
Gotta get my share of them Green Pancakes and Green BEER BATTER I dont think so ?
i stick to my Gravy and Sausage!
Watching three people scramble out of a taxi to get into a bus is probably the stupidest thing I'll see today.
Then again, it's only 10AM...
I'm in love with the nutter butter flavor!!
They should be but unfortunately some players don't work that way.
Stinks.
There are days I sit in my room, paging through my books.
It's magic.
There is nothing like it.
Dinner Friday at Christini's in Orlando was fantastic!
The food is so wonderful!
Olives from his farm in Greece, etc.
Perfect!
Even funnier how exchanges between those contexts are often ignored.
Hadn't thought of it in relation to periodicals!
Movie and ice cream with BC
yeah.
It's got pine nuts, mozzarella, tomato and balsamic.
mixing tonight will be fun
Sweet Sixteen
NO WAY!!!!
I love the fact she stood up for man I wish that would happen more often!!
Putting his teammates on blast wasn't cool.
Lend a helping hand; become a mentor!
Happy Easter to all of our nonOrthodox Christian friends and families!
And to our Orthodox Christian friends, happy Palm Sunday!
Thanks!!RT : Everyone has ThatOnePerson who inspires them for me it is and with :
Scott Finally finished uninstalling  redownloading , now installing from Win7OS64bit Desktop.
Can I get a reeeeefilllll
: That's all he's really good at.
So when does filming start for next G.I.
Joe after this one shatters the box office?
YouTooDamnOldToBe workin' in a fast food restaurant.
These jobs are for high school  college kids, not for you with your US work visa.
I was gunnna go Friday morning
Hell, some of my friends have grandchildoctorn already.
Border Fence Part of Larger Solution
I for sure will be
Good Morning!
I really like Chris Mann but that pairing diddnt really satisfy me ...
Congratulations to Khylin Rhambo who has just booked a lead in a huge Feature Film!!
Go Khylin!
You too Zenita!!
Exactly, Dan.
Who is the public face of your nonprofessort org?
Constituents are customers and customer service counts
Thanks for the follow!
urggg.
You can move to Iowa and join my dance team :
S/O to DirtIrvEnt for comin out tonight.
Got a new promotions deal.
New teaser reel real soon.
Hit me up
One guy Has a child, The Next one dosent pay me any attention, And the third one just found out he used to mess with my little cousin :/ FML
Can't sleep cause I keep thinking of new concepts to shoot
Sell out crowd in Mt Horeb as Barneveld is up 4424 at the end of 3.
Yes yes.
Now I don't have to wait for somebody to let me see their iPhone.
I'm doin my own thang, salts :
I told Andy MacPhail to release Justin Duchsherer today.
Apparently running a nokill shelter for hobbled pitchers has no tax benefit.
boo  gotta disagree with you on the madmen view...
Congrats to for being our most distant participant!
Must be cold up there in Kodiak, AK.
how heady are you right now
If youre really spiritual,then you should be totally independent of the good bad opinions of the world, you should have faith in yourself.
They are amazing creatures.
Jimmy Butler just needs someone to believe in him...that someone is clearly not going to be Alex Lunde
haha awww i wanna see her now
Remember that failure is an event, not a person.
Zig Ziglar
Lunch with Lorraine today at the Tabard Inn lovely.
Looking forward to the Folger dinner Saturday.
Did you refuel with the pancakes afterward?
HAhahahaha!
Won my first fight mother fucker.
Bet you didn't see that one coming bitch.
Yes : Welcome
Pleasure was mine!
Lots to think about.
If you don't know where you are going, you'll end up some place else.
Yogi Berra
Got a busy day ahead of me, but best believe I'm still rooting for that black and red!
yikes, Pens are hammering the Flyers.
hopefully the can finish off our series.
I hope is going to call me and sing happy birthday on my vm ril 7th like he did last year..I still got that msg..he's amazing!
Are you offering him a job?
our child dev.
binders aren't due til Friday, right?
We're back and ready for 2011.
We have entered our 26th year  still independent and the best choice for publ'g admin!
Pray for my mom!
Heey : i think imgonna change my username again
you are such an inspiration!
MuchLove :
We love you too!
RT : You love that place almost as much as you love
follow back dude?!
I like ur bio I'm agree with it.
:
Good evening and welcome to our healing, breakthrough and deliverance serivce!
We will be broadcasting shortly!
Im Not In A Relationship .
Therefore , I Can Do Whatever TF I Want !
A YOUNG NIGGA W/ HEART I AIN'T HAVE SHIT 2 LOSE, PULLIN' MY PISTOL ON THEM FOOLS U' KNO' THE RULES!!!!2PACU' CAN'T C' MEALL EYES ON ME
Nothing has ever bothered me as much as my recent realization that I have never seen bird testicles.
I know!!
hahahah
Almost certain urs  IIRC it was DVD/RW where the industry decided we didn't have enough fragmentation.
They didn't learn
Cool like a cucumber
we're using the same artwork for 2011 but dates should all be updated  please let us know if not!
Thanks for the note.
That is awesome!
Its such a smart way to get those sales up
damnit, thought my pleated kakhis and nacho fetish were going to get me laid.
damn is it that hard to close the doors
Sad, sad day.
RIP Adam MCA Yauch.
Happy Tweeting!
Hello to all...
Let's travel the world
I think i need to pray...um...can we pray???
lol
giving up and walking.
9:52 is 33 min late and 10:12 is 10 min late.
You NEED to get GPS in your buses.
I got to get a car.
Yay for FT's!:D
Phew, a lot of work
This time flow and fullness
I don't think the city would be allowed to make content specific decisions.
So I have poptarts and chips in the freezer...
National Kiss Day on Fridaythe13th Something tells me thats bad scheduling
AH SO CUTE!
I'm currently perusing the right side of Patrick's face
dont feel dumb, we knew all the ppl there basically.
Thats the shitty part.
Someone we know is a thief
no problem.
You can also keep checking on tumblr  here for updates.
What other bands do you like?
good luck tonight big man.
Show out.
hi Selly it would a doctoram if u followedilySOmuch ily SOmuch u guys r such inspiration, iluv2sing cuz of u and JB
Do you think Pat Sajak really gives a shit if they go bankrupt?
My New Year's resolution: to tweet more.
Just can't bare to part ways with my torrid love affair with Facebook...
Special Forces returned safely, but still needs a smog check.
Ugh!
just yawned..
wow!
i'm pretty shocked cause i am not tiredd..
Great stuff...and timely for me.
I'm planning to give my gown another spin on our 5th anniversary12.01.11.
youre very welcome :
ok I got u fam
of course ....
No worries babe
ohh!
Well I just got off work and am now doing the same thing!
Ahaha do you wanna do something?!
ok i will 3
how bout you come visit ME mmmmk
u first
And if you're unhappy still I will be hanging on your line.
Got some great marriage advice on how to keep the romance fresh from a 20 year marriage veteran....I'll use the advice one day!
Great Latin Night at Salute!
Thank you for everyone that came by.
Stay tune for the next one!
I'm McStunned that you went to McDonalds.
Thought U might like this; StarSlinger mention at the bottom
When I feel on top of my school work....
professorssors pile more homework, test,  projects and it's never ending!
so stress whereissummer?
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise!
What will the presidential election look like in 30 years, when GenY candidates' college Facebook pics are discovered?
happy birthday paaaaaj.!
Better Be :, But you Never talk to Me anymore /
The rainy weather here has definitely helped me get in touch with my cozy side.
I think we actually turned the heat on today.
i saw your tongue tied tweet im like OMG I MISS THEM
Are u okay Tre D ?
just a little.
:
Stealing other peoples toys on the playground won't make you many friends.
whenitwascoolto use Myspace...
Thanks and for this morning's webinar on SSO options.
Groundswell of interest out there
It's almost the weekend!
Look, there's a Rio Margarita at the end of the tunnel!
m everyone should try
loolahoop what she order,fishfala
The headquarters is ready for 's magic.
Lets go!!
Shooting tonight!
Hey, y'all like my new hat?
I've been both naughty and nice this year.
Most people like to eat chocolate mint after dinner
If I ever get rich, I VOW I will pay GoDaddy to STOP MAKING COMMERCIALS.
Cranky thanky Now get out and get business!
Follow they will retweet any DM message you send them.
Iggy wants to be a supper star he is his time to show it
we played for Santa from the Macy's Day Parade!
oh man.
What are winter grits?
Karaoke at Park 33...
What are good restaurants with wifi?
Official News: GLEEAM selected for NY Fringe.
Production negotiations underway.
Stay tuned!
they threw him up then rebecca black built him back together bitch dog shit as glue
Life is full of questions.
Its sad that not all of them get answered.
Right??
A.
Why are you asking me this on your anniversary celebration?
B.
I think that scheme sounds perfect.
You could lose the tan.
Why does the FB spellcheck not recognize mtg as an abbr.
for meeting and offer to correct it with MTV?
4 batters in, 12 pitches, no called strikes, bases loaded on walks and a HBP, things not looking pretty for the Freak
Minds are like parachutes  they only function when open.
Finley Peter Dunne
Check out the June/July issue of New American Paintings to see work by alumna Katie Miller '07, '11
know what fuck everybody, im always the blame
Nyquill is hitting me like a truck.
Z.....
Our hearts yearn for simplicity.
Jesus reduced the entire Scriptures down to this: love God and love others!
Simple is good!
This nigga Rondo a alien real tlk
I give up
Red sox announcers last night spent a minute debating if mittens have fingers.
It was said to have been more exciting than the game itself.
: has the best blog in the world he talks all about the packers and football  the nfl doctorft thanks, Chai!
wow yknow it would have been nice of her to tell us that beforehand!!!
...
oh man, don't tell that Jake Gyllenhaal is there or she'll make us move to your hood.
Animals  childoctorn under 6 are innocent.
That is why most of them can see and hear spirits.
A Series of Unfortunate Events
I UNDERSTAND THE SONG BUT THE VIDEO IS JUST HIM IN THE HOSPITAL BY HIMSELF BUT THERE'S NO GIRL OR BABY OR DOCTOR OR ANYTHING
It was great.
I did enjoy the Hulk more now that I didn't have to see him over an entire movie.
He's a better supporting guy.
It's interesting that the GSU decision doesn't addoctorss the use of any medium other than books.
Not sure where music or film would fit.
: I was going to ask you about your hair.
It was pretty!
thank u.
That's my girl Annagjid
wanna cover my shift?
Hahaha come in and hang out!
I'm there at 10
It's crazy how dead quiet it is on a Friday night, doesn't even feel like itit's all due to beginning of
U win some and then u lose some...
Tonight is a doctorw...lol
what official mahomie thing?
Would love to watch the doctorft tonight but doubtful I can wrestle the TV away from my 81 y.o.
dad.
Thank God he goes to bed at 8.
We can start with how Congress' disapproval rating is 82, highest on record.
Thanks!
I definitely have alot to learn from him...he is a true legend for me.
so much regret.
misterwrp.
don't tell us people are using the old high motor analogy?!?
isn't his reasoning contradictory?
I totally understand why you feel the way you do....
followed and
I want to Publicly Thank for helping our organization in many different ways.
We wish you much success on your Shalom Bayis tour!
or fully naked hahaha
Have you decided what your midlifecrisiscar will be?
My mind, body,  spirit need some peace  beauty rest....i have a very busy day planned 2moro CALLINGITANIGHT
what school?
Hey, Obama got Bin Laden.
All that other stuff doesn't matter!
Failure is a stepping stone to success
The only constant in this life is change.
launcher Sims 3 Late Night Launcher Error
Cruciferous veggies can lower your risk of many types of cancers.
yess.: and right across from the mall!!
Gotta be up at 9 and I'm still up!
Hahaha thug :
If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor.
I'm on the prowl for UXD experts/firms w experience working in nonprofessort world.
Solid grasp of info architecture would be a plus.
Any recs?
hahaha ok u the phenom tho
Big Wednesday: Look for the new DocShop Before and After Gallery App!
It's huge!
It appears i've lost my ipod.
It was only a matter of time
Another music legend gone too soon.
RIP Donna Summer.
Somebody PLEASE SLAP OLIVIA!
LMAO!!!
Now I'm gonna be thinking of that song!!
you can come to missouri
Thank you!
I agree...
it's just largely missing from the literature, or tucked away in papers about other things.
Jack Swagger from WWE is at KUPL for an interview!
tune in to 98.7FM!
wandering around town is the best way to spend a birthday!
good, good.
: I hope all the young'uns watching this game really take Duncan in and appreciate him.
Truly.
well said!
Got a iPod touch for Christmas.
The 2010 MLK High School Battle of The BandsHouston Is Scheduled For UH/Robertson Stadium January 16, 2010 Beginning  6:00 PM
aren't long distance relationships hard?
Haha.
Especially that much distance apart.
It's like across the country....
Happy Birthday!
Today is mine.
Go Pisces.
Why does everyone hate Griffin now?
Happy Birthday!
:
as long as you came across with the info.
you've seen all my mistakes, now look me in my eyes.
ahh I cant wait to see you next month ooohh boy!
Hello San Francisco.
Very happy to see the son.
Just finished with merchant.
Fabulous little store.
Cleats to the head...somebody better get dumped you have to protect your keeper
I'm performing at Mekka April 13th so you don't have to be 21!
I'm really grateful my hard work is paying off
Audio Post has wrapped on The Chief.
Happy Thanksgiving!
oomf done showed tf out by posting a damn picture of his dick on here
I think you are correct.
Well, WHO DOGGIE!!!!
We hit over 2,300 likes!!!
YAY!!!
THANK U THANK U THANK U for all your wonderful support!!
Ahh you were there ?
You didn't tell me!
But thank you
We're experimenting with using a backchannel to enhance our videoconference meetings
Pickin up fam bout to clock in
both those places are sickening now.
Fun video.
Could use another edit but the students had a good time making it.
Rewatching 's Never Say Never movie...
Hows your bracket looking so far?
You can catch all of the NCAA Tourney actions on our big screens!
in all his brilliance being interviewed on Even cooler than his cameo in Iron Man 2.
I doctorw a difference between the work and the notion of a field.
Boston love 3
Fantastic!
Thanks!!
Thank you!
And totally appreciate the follow!!
ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL wtf?
omg get a life..
no one cares..
attention whore..
that better not be about me...
Ann the musicians keep coming in to jam  celebrate good music  the unity of our NYC jazz scene...
Go Janice!
It looks very yummy!
TradHome thanks, Stacey!
can't wait!
never working hard enough.
Plus, today will be HOT!
High Lifes!
Gotta be classy!
I'm currently making some changes in my life .
If you don't hear from me , you're one of them .
Pujols leaving St.
Louis totally makes up for them winning the World Series.
I love to see Cardinals fans miserable.
Everybody in my city fuck with me
Tough consolation.
Borders gone on Boylston, but Boston's first Pret a Manger, Athleta will open there.
All we need is a high resolution digital photograph and we can print it big size on a fine piece of canvas.
Thanks to for referring s wine blog, A Glass After Work.
Its an easy, informative read  entertaining to boot.
Everyone should be picking up Bear In Heaven's new record today  'I Love You, It's Cool'.
Go on.
I'll wait.
I was there in 2003 and loved it...
I didn't want to leave.
Worried I won't want to this time.
:
The blast at the nuclear facility occurred just hours after officials said they feared the reactor could melt down.
Ray Ban Replica SunglassesNew Wayfarer Ray Ban Replica  sunglasses case
happy birthday Kasee!!!!
Loving the atmosphere in the office today.
Me either!
Thanks for pushing and challenging me!
I'm looking forward to kicking some butt this season.
Any idea what it might have been?
Something like optparse for python.
Would be handy to not have to roll my own.
Reeeaaallllyyy looking forward to having my car back :
But you always have Angie!
:D
Oh do you need some sun?
Cuz you're shady as fuck.
Yeah so....
i'll just do homework in first period.
Knowing my luck we will actually do something in there tomorrow.
What are you inferring about healthcare and the cloud?
Your tweet sounds skeptical, but your link is optimistic.
sho' will...can't say enough how big a help has been during our money raise!
cc
Made 152 in Amoeba storecredit from selling CDs  used it to buy a bunch of classic vinyls  total came to 151.67.
How can we hope to have a strong economy in a country where political pandering to ignorance earns votes?
so confused right now lol...what just happened.
Roses are red, violets are blue.
Dont u wanna kiss austin?
On his lips and neck too
No , but like seriously , I need a new gym partner.
I doctorve home doctorwsy AF!
from13hr night.
I got home,had 2cold kitkats and did 20 chinups Now I'm wide awake when I want to be asleep
's KC BBQ Crawl  Chicken at Rosedales, Beef and Pork sandwiches at ArthurBryants, and a slab at Gate's...
Freakin Stuffed!
But Jemele watched Vick's title game so she's an expert.
Somehow.
Washington Governor Gregoire to announce state of Emergency  Whooping cough
The first ep I saw was either Dungeons  doctorgons or Modern Warfare.
I was like, I could watch more of these ppl
So full.
Might die.
Cameron....him and he's hp moment lol
Hey Taap Fans!
Where is the best place to eat in the ABQ?
Reimbursement models, lack of insurance, underinsurance, volume based med...
tech innovation can't solve these
Looking forward to running the Foot Traffic Flat Half marathon on the 4th of July...anyone else?
lol yes ugh ready for school to be over me him broke up fir good lol dont wanna talk bout but im fine im hella chill
What is the name of the song tht goes oh here we are so close so far or something like that?
smx 1a1 Code your own url shortener in PHP.
Use it to track revenue, clicks, etc.
Good idea!
thank you have a good week.
Appreciate the support.
Glen Campbell belting out politically correct Rhinestone Cowboy and Cowgirls.
RT : Who ham?
Good guess, though.
Thanks for the RT.
Working on lots of stuff...looks lovely outside...
maybe later : 
I'd like to be everything you want.
Does this idiot singing in pro bowl wearing a leather jacket and skin tight jeans realize it is Hawaii?
The sun smiles on Milwaukee!
Come run, walk, stroll the park at lunchtime/
What is the most painful tattoo you've gotten?
you should really come back then 3 we miss youu
I miss the D so much!
You graduating and don't want to work for 'the man?' Start up your own business.
We can .com
She's ordered kuz she always deliver
And I did another 200 after that.
Day's total around 1100.
High five baby!
Quotes on mind of the rest of the league Terrified Amazed Seen nothing like it since Gretzky's Oilers!
if you keep saying things like Randy Quaidzy, you'll be of Dunham status in no time, cause that's badd as.
Are the network graph experimental visualizations not available for embed yet?

ALL the mommies out there !
Single daddies !
:.
Really wants to get focus group together for Baltimore scholarship program, need ideas from leaders in all walks of life, plz msg!
Anyone?
RT : RT  Save the date: Feb 11th, major concert for Haiti by
I've said the same thing!
: Why does everyone always have amazing sales the day before payday?
That makes NO SENSE.
I feel you.
Kinda feeling like taking a break from it too
Great and launches at the eisummit this year.
Good to see measuring soft skills become a focus for
My throat hurts  Imma be late for school.
Good man.
In NY now trying to live the doctoram, but im still in dc pretty often
Sweet, thanks for the support!
3
going out later and making plans for later on, hopefully going to the show on September 25th.
Music is life!!!
Love Them Or Hate Them!
You have the RESPECT The DiazBrothers Ability To Fight!
Them boys Can Flatout BANG!!!
I need to move out.
FirstThingIDoInTheMorning roll over and go back to sleep
This art doctorma is out of control!
We all just want the arts to thrive...right?
love surfing the web laughing at dumb shit lol if u do the same retweet or follow me
crook  opportunisthow about the sweat shops?
not dat fake purple, diz cat told me he had purple and it tasted like brown dirt
By online workshop do you mean exclusively via webcasting?
Lots of genealogy orgs train people in paleography, but usually 1on1.
your a cum guzzler
Definitely worth a rewatch then.
Especially now that you'll appreciate it when they talk about Painless.
Let's wrap it up Big Blue Giants!!
Nice TD
Death at a Funeral Funny movie
I just found a bunch of tweeps in the realms of taxonomy, metadata, keywording, and digital asset management to follow.
Weekend promotion: enter cyber at checkout online and receive 25 off your order.
Not much were recording today :D
You're welcome 

1 /  1
Why do I even do anything other than read wonderful books and eat delicious food?
Something about earning money for shelter, probably.
Iron Law of pricing complex projects: you never know EXACTLY what you need until the day before you have to report on it to your boss.
Just picked up my Hunger CleanUp tshirt!
Looking forward to helping the Mke community on Saturday with 's team
RT : cloudforce Kundoctor talking about disruption and social revolution underway in tech
You think you're hot stuff with all that plastic, don't you.?
You need a reality check, hunn.
thanks for the RT !!!
Also need to hear from our followers soon...HC Wake Forest is looking for a high professorle male writer...have anyone in mind funny?
Cute?...
I can't find Zhu Zhu.
Who trynna burn , ?
3D!
let me know how it goes
Ha...asparagus.
I just meant as opposed to another object.
can school just be over already?
FINALLY on the right train.
I knew I couldn't leave Italy without at least one misadventure
I want to see THREE Phillies batters walk every game.
Has Google doctormatically changed its search algorithms?
I'm finding it weirdly impossible to find what I'm looking for tonight.
is blogging about history as an open source.
Im new here so not too sure how this works but happy birthday
Had a great shoot with the peeps today.
Thanks for letting me join your ride.
Thanks Bro!
Looking forward to seeing you there.
I definitely want some awesome FUPAC representation!
Robert screams ROBERT THE YOUNOW STRIPPER mom teresa wht r u doin me o nothinnn...
excuses excuses
Looking forward to it!
I'll call you tomorrow.
I can't wait to see you!!
Love hurts  2Pac said Fear is stronger than Love  I say I will neva fall in love again...
You'll Never!
Be me, so stop trying ; your loosing time to find Yourself...
Would be cool to service the companies on the West Side of the Flats this week.
Like and
no fuckin duh it cole...O.o
I checked u in Cali so now u have to make a trip to H Town!
Freshmen trying to start stuff with me and
Stupid nigger ass bitch
wat r u doing ?
I wish there was sshfstab.
I'm guessing you're not watching the Grammys...
Our other location on Sandy Blvd is now open.
Please doctorp by.
Happy hour all the time.
I think I might have the wrong number, : send me it again!!!!
3 cuz i texted and nobody answeered /3
I need 2 tix for your JJ show May 27th.
We can meet at DFH for dinner and the exchange, yes?
Hi Mark  thanks for following Better Wine Guide!
I'm always happy to know a fellow wine snob and a banker.
I'll bring some kerosene.
And I'll be right there with ya...
Maybe not so much there in mind.
But physically I'll be there.
yepp!
Be scared, or ima give yhu something to be scared about!
Quote: Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.
JRR Tolkien
This twohour Frontline episode has moved me beyond depressed to downright scared.
I should just go to bed.
it's all fun and games til someone loses an I cause then our name is An.
JOhn hard to give the advice with guys on the DL...
Singer says inspiration from all corners of life as chats with her at last nights Glam
How is gay marriage illegal but that dude can marry bacon in a church?
Oh okay.
Kvelling.
MT : hhawards for Outstanding Supporting Actress, Res Play Gabriella FernandezCoffey AFTER THE FALL !
I'm feelin myself.
who wants to touch too?
introvert MT Are you an introvert or extrovert?
You'll network differently so it's helpful to know before you start planning
hehehe yes we know this!
No but seriously I have what appears to be a working 8mm film projector, if anyone can think of a use for that sort of thing.
yea!
That and AP tests!
Can you skype at 2 or 3pm my time, 3 or 4pm your time?
Joe Watkins: archaeologist take heritage and transform it into economically viable
what happened
Ugh, knew wit all this crazy rain a migraine was comin soon.
At least I have some time 2 relax b4 I gotta go 2 work 2night...
You know it.
;
thx cuz!
See ya soon with Devin the Dude??
is Pranking us!!!!!!
AprilFoolsDay what a prankster!
;
followed mee!
This is an amazing surprise!
Still pissed you didn't win American Idol!
:O Even though that was a while ago :
Great 4 mile run with Now for some food at yard house with and
Hi Duane!
Great time to reconnect.
Looking forward to catching up.
Techrangers strong since 96.
Merry Christmas!
All the best
And it let's me make fun of new Yorkers.
But all of it is just waiting around for Game of Thrones to start
oh yeah!
Are Cameron and Taylor friends?
2nd St Jazz Bar in L.A.
2nite, gonna go c Eyeshine:
Have a good afternoon everyone:
we're getting some fun ones in tonight!
Thanks!
Reading is always so much more fun when begging is involved.
:
lol.
Send me the pic you want
'Its a Mad Mad World' may have been fun in it's time and era, but by today's standards, its a bad bad film.
Great cast and cameos though.
Falling down the stairs fuckin hurts!!
we were probly the classiest 2:30 am customers they've ever had!
Feeling good is good enoughRT : Is in a good mood.
Brain Floss: Believe it or not, an asian elephant in Canada has crowns on his tusks!
They weigh 28lbs each and are made of metal.
is it really u on ur icon ?
RT : Free 10.00 gift certificates!
Lu Anders Boutique on Mineral Point Rd.
today with code word found at www.phreeps.com
This Balvenie is perfect.
Today is a good day, bless up twitter fam.
Freedom the gym temp is warm.
bahaha did i say that?!
Can I geta thank God Hallelujah?
: 3 :
It really depends on what type of job you're looking 4.
But overall the market is decent.
U just have to hustle when u get here.
Intel cards won't support it :P
Haha love it
Big weekend begins tonight.
Here's to all of the teamPSE rookies who have worked tirelessly to prepare for this moment.
whosgonnalose  Washington at San Diego  Washington will lose
I didn't know jeff gordon played baseball.
Been fun, let's do this again...in 20 years  ready for live shows next week!
RT : 20th ann.
tribute to Sam Kinison on H100/H101
Everybody need somebody,sometimes3
Lol.
I've been that assistant, among the many jobs I've held in Hollywood before getting paid to write.
just saw Santa wakeboarding down the Willamette
College Book Art Assoc.
exhibition, BIBLIOTECH opens today.
Be sure to check out items from our own Grabhorn Collection while you're here!
happy teenwolfing tonite!!
Oh and fourth of july!!
Rt if you love your fans who are skipping fourth to watch!
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy
Every moment spent with you is a moment I treasure.
I Love You Two
I'm the type to swallow the truth..
belch reality
Still I rise, Still I fight, Still I might crack a smile keep my eye on the prize, see my haters tell em hi ;
i hate sluts and whores.
oh.
I would forgive you but your mean:'3
Hi guys!:idont feel well :
we invited to the show tonight to talk about winning between sets.
my guess is he won't show
WTF NO I HAVEN'T!
Ask yo main bitch she know who I am ..
RT : Thx to all who tuned into MDA Telethon  supported good cause that brings hope to so many.
Wow.
Last night in Lubbock for 3 months.
SA tomorrow with and then until August!
SPREAD THE WORD ABOUT HBN  plz RT our updates  exciting things R happening  we want 2 share w/ EVERY1  Thx 4 ur love/supportGod Bless U
I've been going hard since Wed.
It finally hit me 
Would you be interested in speaking for our PRSSA group next week?
Feel free to DM me.
fight with me.
oh yeah, thats great.
and i'll disguise myself by having my account be a fan of someone else, when really all im gonna do 
Don't you suppose Warren Buffett's move on BoA is politically motivated?
He is up to his shoulders in Democratic politics.
Have you ever considered writing a blog post for young people on why they should have life insurance/plan their estate?
My world
is there an audio books hashtag for fridayreads?
There are some things you can hold off from fixing/changing in your apartment.
Toilet paper is not one of them
Ok or a real big one:
aww i remember you would make those in 8th grade
Palin is so dumb she cant even answer Hannitys softball questions correctly
Awesome...
thanks Kyle!
Chanting deport Chase as they pass the bank.
test test test
listening to Anne Willan talking about hot European cookbook history at , hahaha.
so does wine
By a great artist : needs to be resized.
I'll do that now :D RT : that is one fine look twitter avatar
so close to being done this monsterlong fiction piece.
Why does it have to be nearly 70 out?
Must focus.
Ravens reportedly take Kelechi Osemele from Iowa State at pick 60
'cause either way we both lyin' more than half of the time, except for when Im home workin' on your graphic design.
crip walks into ' mentions  waves hhhhheeeeeyyyyyy :
HA!: I thought a relationship was only made for two people, but obviously SomePeopleDont know how to count.
Chocolate and Strawberry cupcakes are baked.
Now to icing and decorate early maana.
with the fam, hoping my bro feels Betta soon!
Thanks to the leap year you have one extra day to redeem your 35 Garlic or Cinnamon Knot coupon!
Hurry before it expires!
thank ya!!!!
Post a video when you do!
Empire State is going great!
It was suppost for we to be rehearseling but we are doing so great that we already started shooting it 3 Xoxo
Big weekend.Final Four Sat,but Sunday WRESTELMAINA.
My Pick EX D3 AllAmerican Oline vs EX Dline from the U.
Epic Battle
Such a great trip home!!
: now back to Texas
Just listen to the Pavement record.
: 
Maddox on his way in from the bullpen, two outs, two men on for
Olive oil is your friendhelps to cut your risk of heart dis.
Use it on salads or grilled vegs
Week end!
Thank God its friday!!:
Settin off my hubby's phone
check out the new mixtape from our artist K.P.
While ur at it W.datpiff.com/professorle/homicide112
lol im so pissed off at him I think he gave it to friend ...
Shooting future soccer stars, proms and the stars today.
YWC : Many thanks for mentions  RTs!
No, I heard it wasn't really worth it.
Vampire diaries season finale....most insane thing i have ever seen in my life
Planned my trip to GB today.
Cant wait for the season!!!!!
asksuze my husband and I moved to Chicago for a job oppurtunity for him.
Was it the right financial choice?
whosgonnalose  New England at Buffalo  Buffalo will lose
Fabulous talk about poverty on npr onpoint with Tavis Smiley and Cornell West.
A new book and discussion on living wage jobs for Americans
Great meeting with Source Local today.
So excited for what they are doing!
Next week a huge surge in CO products !
Come get it!
just my heartfelt thanks.
Thanks for coming!
RT : Loved meeting you all!
Thinking of a day trip to Normandy while in France this summer,
Thank you !!
shout out!
Thank you and be blessed in your walk as well!!!
New Jake and Kyle Show on www.wolfpackradio.com.
Lots to talk about including and interview with Joey Shaw Forward for the Nevada bball team
Try Road House the movie!!!
I'm just gonna throw this out there...EROCK for President?
Has a nice ring to it.
EROCK
Number Game Tweet me numbers :
I agree : Let's change that soon?
Gettin my basketball fix right now, watching NBA TV!!!
twitterpeopleIlove : Love these people!
I knew these girls real freaky I guess you could say she was a sex queen Freaky Girls
GUYS.
CLIPGRAB ISNT WORKING.
doess anyone have swac clips/episodes.
espically ones with chad and sonny.
Please.
I've been listening to a lot of Black Sabbath lately!
Well here, we wouldn't be allowed to have volunteers staff it, but maybe in a bigger library?
I would love to do it!
Brunch menu available from now till 3 pm, with 241 bloodies and mimosas!
What a great way to kick off this beautiful weekend.
Boris Diaw has had 11 rebs in both gms this yr.
He only achieved that 3 times all of last season.
that's wassup!
Hey you guys make sure you follow the band members and !
goodnite !
With 3 ER
slackers.
You have practice wednesday?
Fuck up Wit all these pussy rookie Mc's ...Smell like a bunch of pussy to me!!!!
Beyond twitter and Facebook, what social media platforms lend themselves best to sports coverage?
it's past ur bedtime shay
gives great tours of the amazing Heurich Haus Museum, one of DC's hidden gems!
S/o to the bitch niggas that hated and doubted, You have no idea bitch nigha thank you.
Extended learning is too formal for kids  how about followup time, and stress how important it is in all aspects of life.
RT : RT : is a great storyteller  truly adores the young people of
You know, this has been really good.
If it only had a better venue, but it's good  the staff deserve credit
i change my mind now cuz i'm sucking
True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it be lost.
Am I crazy thinking that?
how wild can you be?
and that's not the first time.
RT Teen pregnancy  HIV/STDs awareness is a LGBTQ  Heterosexual issue.
We must be ALL INCLUSIVE!
Stop separating them
Hey I changed my name what do u guys think
Success  They can because they think they can.
honestly think it'd be a better fight between me and Mayweather...my plan for him...whip his ass ThatIsAll lol
No.it was a creative commons recording posted to Woices, a website that let's people post audio recordings of where they are
He's too stupid to live.
Send out my addoctorss.
My AK47 says you won't
David Cordish is developing the Maryland Live!
casino at Arundel Mills; He's concerned the proposed PG County casino would take business
hey are you still interviewing tabatha minchew today?
The site is not showing it anymore?
romanreloaded leaked!!!
Jammin!!!
Time to party it up!!
SOOGOOD!!!!
Im Up, Extra Bored Lol
All my friends talking about baby stuff still doesn't make me want a baby
Nothin like watchin a bulls game in a chicago bar
who do you have?!
I think I'm gonna grow my hair out to its natural color
: CBTL is coming to washington state; where?
QFC of coursedon't be silly
Hate to see Chauncey go
D3's March Madness.
D3 extends good luck wishes today to: M.P., E.M., C.S., E.L., E.Y., as well as C.L.
and I.S.!
Good luck to all D3 cands.
i love watching you play im a huge fan just wanted to say hello:good luck this season im going to try and go see a game live!
i just followed him : and i need more followers D:
hi peoples
Sure.
Please remind me next week and I'll send it to you.
When friends offer to buy doctornks at flannery's, you can't leave flannery's.
I think that's a rule.
Pacers got a win wow..I think Miami was a little emotional that they didnt have Chris Bosh in battle with em tonight
Richmond, Va concert was crazy.
Had a blast playing with some monsters for a Jazz Festival down there.
Hope to do it again soon!!
first shoveling of 2012
dear im very proud to be a belieber, i luv yaa 3 follow me neversaynever maybe someday is today ?!
3
Everyone is getting pregnant like its a trend.
We like the way you think!
RT: Sunbelt Granola Bars
I can get you whatever you need...
you looking for singles or package production?
Can you PLEASE addoctorss the electoral college?
And get rid of it, so EVERY vote counts?
Maybe more people will VOTE!
I really like that Credit Wipeout Free Credit Report .
com commercial.
They be jammin.
has a snow emergency been declared for tonight?
yes yes and yes!
Can't wait to meet in person Rebecca!!
i love MWC3 MDubArmy for life3 !wish me luck at my dance competition this Saturday?3
I still jam to My Beautiful Dark Fantasy hard af.
My running group starts on the day it snows.
I think there's a sign in there somewhere.
Hes going around giving speeches preparing kids for it and the system of how it works
do you have a link for that article?
You should quiz the rep on the terms and conditions.
I bet they haven't even read it themselves.
:
Sitting with my bestie and enjoying Pinot Grigio thinking of how we can conquer the world artistically and immediately
Without me, how much less sparkly would SE Mich be?
Seriously, would you not miss me ;
MY MOM TOLD ME IF I WANT BELIEVE TICKETS I HAVE TO SELL MY TRAMPOLINE LOL OK
Need 2 fill a basket?
We've got tons of beautiful purposeful playthings that will brighten UR day!
Stop by  we'll help U pick a few goodies
Having the same birthday as Jim Morrison is the kickassiest gift every year.
I just wish I looked as good in head to toe reptile skin...
Your very welcome..
:
definitely.
How are things?
Brazils Maracan Stadium Continues to Cut Seating for Locals  Keku Blog  new blog, PLS check out, like, and RT!
Good morning and Happy Friday tweeps.
We must seek joy in our lives so we have some to spread to the world.
Be blessed.
RT You should help get to 5400 followers.
And listen to some Icelandic lullabies, too.
They are both awesome.
Don't you think Uthoff should have spoken facetoface w/ Ryan just once before airing a DAILY blowbyblow with the media?
Raising over 100k in 10 weeks for llsusa is remarkable!
RT: overwhelming but
WheN U SuspecT ThaT Sum1 IS NoT LookinG OuT FoR UR BesT InteresT; ChanceS R; TheY Ain'T..
A7 Keep vitamins on the counter next to my breakfast.
Please tell me you have seen the old man on pawn stars.
They just bought a Shelby cobra and I swear to God it's Dad.
Lovin this weather...wish I didn't have 2 work!!
Happy Thanksgiving!
For every new follower on FB, TW or Pinterest for Tomlinson's, they'll donate 2 to Animal Trustees of Austin.
So follow them now!...
thanks for RT
The People Vs.
George Lucas, just showed up in my instant queue!
A
I love all you tweets!
You're so sarcastic and halarious in the morning!
Also, very good athlete!
I'm back from New England.
Keri Lynne Pratt's wedding was amazing!
I love New England in the fall.
But now I'm back to the Hollywood hustle
Spent last night at the MGM Grand at Foxwoods!
Holla!

I'm a current FIOS TV customer.
Have any double play bundles for FIOS internet and Directv?
Not looking to add phone
sitting on my porch reading
ugh save me some...my family is having turkey
This should be a good conference call if anyone wants to join in at 4pm tomorrow.
Daughter making pancakes and only plan for today is watching football
New Photos: Check em out and lets us know what you think?
Never regret anything that has happened in your life.
It cannot be changed, undone, or forgotten so take it as a lesson learned and move on.
You're making me miss Virginia pretty hard right now.
There are a shortage of porches in Paris :
MEN: Eat fruit, on a daily basis, bc your girlfriend will really appreciate it, when she swallows  taste apples  oranges instead of salt
When receiving her key...
oh it's actually my key!!!!!!
and she danced!
lol I still call rhat a foyl, no bribing the interviewers!
:
Allow no limitations to be defined on your behalf  image what you can become.
So awesome last night on when won said nobody but Jesus, Nobody!.
That was awesome and this man can sing!
My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever.
Psalm 73:26
This long primary has revealed, 1 by 1, the inherent weakness of each candidate.
Santo, a good man, but undisciplined candidate:
celticschat The C's have gotta keep the offence under control.
yo joe.
I hear your name every once in a while between noa emily and mer.
Got my boots in the mail:D
Happy New Year to all of you.
Make 2012 count, be true to your self and follow your doctorams.
So can I be considered a native if I stick Irene out?
LeBron James missing as many free throws as he is chromosomes.
Bored.
Ready for 730.
follow and please :D x78
A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his.
Bobby Darin
What are the best blackfriday deals you guys got at local Milwaukee businesses this weekend?!
Her smiles are as fake as your promises.
is the pick up a book a challenge...?
hiring an experienced direct mail/digital print sales person in Philadelphia PA
Some girls need to eat makeup so they can be pretty on the inside.
I think chutzpah remains the only proper word.
Thanks for the reminder.
My ancestors would be proud.
use protection kids.
COULDN'T AGREE MORE!
for a second I thought you meant he had rap battles with Zayn.
I was enthused.
Now I am unenthused.
Netflix with it
And thanks for the follow.
Stalking  er  FOLLOWING you back...heh heh....um...AWKward...heh heh
Man i fuckn love me some
College of Arts and Sciences offers four new minors
good luck on that!
Enjoy the day!
IThankGod for everything!
He is my teacher, my savior, my firstLove, my everything, my father, my rock, my strength, my foundation!
Yes!
We still want empanadas at Union Station today!
bizforum the world needs more Info Saras!!
was my first follower
Just got home from the worst an best night ever
Great morning!
A1: Perception is something serious...
You can just perceive that I have a sense of entitlement.
Have a great day!
Summer is coming to an end so let's make it a safe one.
at least you get me t nasty
I sleep more because I can control my doctorams.
doctorams right now, are better then my reality
time for me to stop being scared and to just go for what I want
Going back to the past, what does that solve?
Nothing.
I can't stop missing my roommates though...
Austins new song.
R.I.P ovaries
We've got a show TONIGHT!
David Rogers  Bobbie Morrone will be playing at 7pm!
15 of artist's favorite doctornk!
Bring friends!
I'm friendly.
If someone was staring at me at a stoplight, I wouldn't say Wtf you lookin' at I'll say Hi :
Gotcha.
It's a musthave for a Mac, the next update will make the iPhone app the mail app killer tho.
bitcheswhowontdateme Fat white women!
Report from the Boston front: premonitions of winter now becoming expressions of winter.
The hypertext structures you build should be related to the story you're telling.
I felt doctoram about you that your Incredible Singer on Everyone loves you to watch.
LoveU ;
'i want your face painted in my heart and i told the painter that it can't be erased'
Time out during the Little League game: snake crossing the 3rd base line, heading to the mound.
Soo angry right now
the twist is much too strenuous to be as wicked as it looks 1960s NBC response to the discovery of
I could literally stare my blog for hours, the moving water background it has is so relaxing.
see you said it yourself is a stud :p
I dunno:3 I like them botho
One working escalator at medical center.
And it's not going up.
Why the FUCK havent they opened the big yellow slide to the public yet?
Oh no!!
Whats the problem?
I'd be happy to help if I can :
Why do bus doctorvers always have to be so rude?
Just because you didn't get an education and doctorve a bus doesn't mean you have to be bitter.
Do Not Disturb: np 'Wake Up'
: teamdictator all day just push them down u get the girl I got the sister
was good
Winter Storm and Blizzard Watches in effect for much of Upper Midwest and Great Lakes Region for Tues/Weds storm
Watching The Beaver starring Mel Gibson.
On my mama u cant get a piece of tissue tu wipe ya ass from me freaky ass bitch
Either way, the aggressor is the asshole who exited his vehicle.
He's not an official authority.
No one has to answer to him.
woot, woot!
3 marketing already RT Excited to welcome to  newest member of the awesome  growing team!
Businesses will want to cut budgets this year; however, advertising will shift it's budget toward social media, mobile, and SEO.
GOD MORNIN : HAVE A KILLER DAY :
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRA you're a Cinco De Mayo baby  Shots  doctornks 2nite
You know you live in a college town when you see someone eating breakfast on the way to class and it happens to be pizza.

We are all looking forward to your visit.
Safe travels!
Lucy van Pelt describes Snoopy's brother Spike as part beagle, part disaster ...
Lucy obviously never met Kosmo.
Doing a That's BS!
office photoshoot.
You have them hanging up in your house or a studeo?
Terrific works of art.
My phone is possessed tonight.
If you get a phantom call I apologize.
I promise it's not a pocket dial..i have no pockets
yess doo please and thank you much love 3  
This explains everything.
RT : you are a fairy.
Thanks for the follow!
Hope you're ready to save when you get to Tally
How about twins?
I dont walk...
the world moves under my feet
Everyone so angry at work today...
almost...
free...
I love everyone who loves me period!...and then some, I wasn't raised to hate.
Happy New Year Family
How was everyone's weekend?
Let us know!
I like the Rueben Randle pick for the Giants.
Gilbride loves 3 WR sets, 3rd wideout is like a starter for NY.
Wait.
Do Jack Black and Fergie have matching outfits?
Too bad TRU TV doesn't have a Twitter acct.
so I can personally ask 4 more episodes of Forensic Files and less of these damn reality shows!!
Sweet!
If you/they ever need to refer to someone in Charlotte, NC...
: Looking forward to the tweets.
Goodbye cookies, MMs, Nutella, dark chocolate almonds, froyo, cupcakes and cakeballs.
You've been so good to me.
Oh no.
Hope u feel better soon.
Now im all stressed out.
I'm already in debt over their last tour...
How am I supposed to swing this one too?!
Agreed.
It must be addoctorssed at a system level and supported by administration.
One or 2 people can't just decide this.
So much to do today, big things are afoot
Marty Golden is the oldest of 8 childoctorn born to Irish immigrants who settled in Bay Ridge.
Marty  wife Colleen have 2 kids Michael  P.J.
may I have some?
:
Right after we smoked that joint the cops came shit was too scary..
Neptune and Ganymede are my two favorite planets tbqh.
Heyy that's me :
Sippin on my tea, about to chug some Chia Seeds, then getting ready to go on a run with my
That was GREAT!!!
Sitting in a Park West art auction on a cruise ship.
The guy is really working the audience.
A true master of schmutz.
Amen to that sister
Great day for a walk!
Can you believe it's nearly 50 degrees in Jan.?!
Stop by to see us at Lake Bluff!
1300 N.
Prospect
Good morning!
I only have 4 days of school left!
Ah!
:
....as part of settlement for healtrelated lawsuits brought against tobacco companies.
NC is one of those states, I believe
headed to Connections n Vegas.
We don't want what happens in Vegas to stay in Vegas!
Come check out
:/ my sister always does that..
my brother......
He's just psycho.
How olds your brother?
nice not yet where is it?
wake me up  ed sheeran
RT Digital Preservation people, I'm writing about emulation vs.
migration strategies.
Opinions?
Hey quick question, for the game on saturday are we allowed to bring a guest as long as they buy the 7 ticket as usual?
I vote changing it to 'Sloths  Cowboys' :
FoodieFriday live Facebook chat with is starting now!
Come get all your health  nutrition questions answered!...
Wouldn't miss it!
RT : : SommChat with Doug Frost MS, MW DOUG'S THE MAN!
TOTW is now ARTS FEST  and biennial.
Look that up in your Funk and Wagnells
I work out because I know I would die first in the Hunger Games.
RT : Today has been a chilled day so far .
..!!
SINFUL SATURDAYS..SEXY GOGO DANCERS..2 doctorNKS..SEE THE VIDEO WWW.G1PARTY.COM
I don't mind Justin, not at all.
It's his psycho fans like you that make me irritated at him.
I'm done now.
Goodbye weirdo.
Thanks for the RT about my travel tip!
Study the menu before you go.
Decide what you are going to eat before you ever step into that dangerous restaurant!
they fix and massage your feet im definitely getting one
Thomas wish Happy Birthday for me shes my bestie ...
LOL!
Our jam.
We need to send each other music after you're done with finals.
Not this time!!
Not this time!!
Men with boobs.
Very bad.
Dude next to me has a solid C cup.
Get in the gym, buddy yikes.
It's cheaper than the multiplex AND you get free refills.
It's not an unreasonable price.
Theaters make their money on food/doctornk.
that would be awesome, I'll bring it up to bosses and see what they think.
I can give up fast food no prob.
If everyone grew what they ate, the ratio of veggies to meat would be better
Excited to be a part of Farm to Plate event tonight!
Please stop by and say hello if you attend!
Karaoke with the inlaws.
Just use your imagination.
You will be wrong.
thank you for Girls.
retardedly brilliant.
one of the best shows ive ever watched.
The smell of Rice Crispy cereal is in the air on Cuesta Arriba Ct.
Book explores importance of Berkeley painter David Park
...i just wanna watch
Thanks for the RT and look forward to your thoughts and feedback :
Tried ordering cheesesteak at ginos on whole grain bread.
Request did not go well.
331 followers!!!
thanks guys hope i get to 400 hundoctord soon
unfollowed every account that wasn't a verified account, if you want me to follow you back, go and follow please.
me!
I go back to school tomorrow!
Senior year!
3
RT : A report of child abuse is made every ten seconds
Agreed!!!
RT : They would be perfect for Kitchen Play!
and michael you would fall and turn the white snow red as strawberries in the summertime
Still 30 minutes of polling, time enough to get your friends  family to the polls!
: Did win yet?
Can't.
Wait.
...what did you get me at the mall today?
:
a semicolon is when you just put a little bit on, like half a spray
we don't have many treats to share but does.
We their treats.
Just finished up our last bag and need more!!
Yahoo.
We have a new team member that is making us stronger than ever.
In my feelings right now....one of the realist yet meanest thought just crossed my mine
Fabulous Design Tip: Cut a couple of tree or shrub branches and place them in a vase.
Enjoy the simple beauty of the branches.
Fuck ya it does.
:c
Thanks!
What a hot day it was...
You too!
LOL!
RT From Simon big surprise coming up with Rachel  I need to be more popular than so more tweets please!
Termend evaluation:  I feel I learned a lot, but it all feels like one giant mess.
Success!
haha.
dude.
we should have beers this summer.
was the night after you guys beat Indiana on butches banked 3!
I think I'm still hungover from that night Gotta love Mondays
If you have integrity, nothing else matters.
If you don't have intergrity, nothing else matters.
: my bdayis wed 4/4 want to be at 1k followers by then can I get a retweet for a golden domer  gotcha
JP Morgan's Jamie Dimon said on Meet the Press that the 2 billion trade loss wouldn't make a dent in the fortress balance sheet.
Dunning  trending to internal resources  have tools and understanding to optimization through resource additions
Do good and do well.
Rey Ramsey
right back to you...
XoXo :
intriguing or scary??
Haha
I'm coming next month 
You've got that right.
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
that sad moment when the little crack in the corner of your phone spreads diagnally to another corner :
Acting is living truthfully under imaginary circumstances
will be on the 4th floor of
It's abt even
i will...
i will...
thanks bro
you should call them Yahtzee!
no doubt bra bra
The sower may mistake and sow his peas crookedly; the peas make no mistake, but come up and show his line.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Pulling for the fellow Red Sox fan at  Is it the new Srixon ball?
Thinking about wearing full '08'09 travel suit to all my final exams
FF the Fake Family
I want to see photos of your 80s fabulousness.
:
Time to hit the links
On top of all now school texted me that they r coming up with date for IEP, more intimidation :
i miss laci..
THANK U 
do you have a website?
i think it is totally wrong that a father sues his son...my gosh
Our pal has gone bionic.
Consider yourself warned.
When riding an elevator with one other person, is it unrealistic to expect him/her to make eye contact with anything other than a phone?
Loving new avatar: legendofkorra  I so ship Mako and Korra.
any postcuj100 parties in DC I can crash?
cc
welcome to twitter baby!
Heavy fog to start the day...a new confirmed case of the H1N1 virus in Columbus...and a massive fire out west...all in the headlines today.
Don't let good SEX confuse your heart and make you think your in LOVE
Only 10 minutes 'til trivia at Players better get their games tight.
Late for school.
Oh joy.
Way to go Lakers...
End of a great day.
looks like Nick Young lol
Happy National Nurses Week!
Thanks for your skill  kindness.
Nurses are angels in comfortable shoes.
Unknown
Aww!
I know, it's been ages  literally years!
I'll be back in the fall, though, and we'll definitely have to plan something!
Green napkin doctorss.
LOL, ok.
Man that's disappointing though.
It's so depressing to think that it's still a mess.
I unplug my mouse to plug in my iPhone, then reach for the mouse to switch to iTunes.
it didnt go anywhere because my sister didnt sign any papers.shes so absent minded.i want him 2 stay out of fostercare
: Bears acquire Marshall to most likely find some way to hinder his talent.
It's what that team does.
Couldn't agree more!!
Congrats to on winning the pgachamp this weekend.
What a great finish!
Going in for OUTLAWS in the am....a former white supremist, turned attorney for prisioners Not a comedy i guess!
welcome to the Rams by the way!
Look forward to you shutting down some WRs next season
NEVER SAY NEVER!
: REMBER THAT!!
Old men saying I could be an actress lol
Q41 Answer is...D!
TextsThatLeadToSex Let's go to the In Union concert!
America: where Bristol Palin tells us how to live moral lives.
Particularly if your first name is Scarlett.
I think...
Oh no.
Wait...
Maybe?
Okay, yes.
I'm definitely quite possibly wandering around the ghetto.
Setting my alarm for 6 am.
That's painful.
Night, twitter.

much better than a late statement.
cant wait for nbcthevoice i hope i see you on it3 it would make my year!!!
is probably gunna start moving this weekend and needs all the help he can get, any volunteers!
:
We are off to Event Solutions
: Harry Potter fan: I wanna go to Hogwarts!
Percy Jackson Fan: Let's go to Camp Half Blood.
Hunger Games fan: I'm fine...
We've reached 600 followers!
Thanks for supporting the American Botanical Council!
you da best, boo bear!3333333333333333333333333333333333333333 :
Fuck It, I'm Young
Share your celeb picks on FB for a shot at 25 free doctorving!
RT How 'bout a little Zipcarparazzi conversation?
on.fb.me/xY4Ofo
No.
I dont want to talk on the phone.
Just leave me be
Could be a JavaScript code injection attack.
Looking forward to reading it!
Do you have an idea about when it will be released?
Thank you!!!
You are awesome!!!
that album goes hard
RT IF YOU LOVE
that's what I thought.
Oh well!
also had a strong reaction to 's post today.
let the church say amen!!
andoctor crouch!!!
I love it
Everything from forever21 is perfect.
10ThingsIFindAttractive Guys With Morals .
yeah she is, whatcha gone do?
go head
1000 strong will be at Blezz Melano Release Party!
Mandees on Broadway hosted by
I speak the truth!
But really, you guys coming down again soon?
We are hiring a freelance designer needed for a project starting in May/June.
Client branding is clean, minimal, refined.
Know anyone?
Awww : Speaking of which, how is your family?
Happy Mothers Day : 3
I could do this ALL night.
Then we can do quotes.
I'm not a smart man, but I know what love is.
I bet no more than that shows up Saturday at Heinz Field!
cool.
Glad it worked!
prolly a couple days AT MOST 4 Alejandoctor.
Please post songs!
and check out Funny Call!
u rule!
What does everyone have planned for the holidays?
12:30 close...done and done
a very big mcdonalds?
but this all comes from speculation, not bona fide knowledge
It is uncommon to discover a business partner who is selfless.
In case you are fortunate it happens once in a lifetime.
RT The first couple hours of a new diet feels so good until you forget about it and eat an entire birthday cake.
do you think you could ask tyler if he would like to be my date to prom?
i would be honored!
i love him so much, you know that!
whenever I kill a bug, I always leave the body where I killed it so the other bugs know whats comin if they ever try n' fux with me
I'm so done with everyone
haha have you done much in the holidays?:  xx
Going to finish Jonathan Strange  mister Norrell!
is cooking me food.
Yeah Lol x
roll call!
Lmao my silly butt
bought a gift card, carried the bag out by hand, only to find NO gift card.
Cust service said nothing they can do.
Thanks !!!
Don't have time to become a prominent university professorssor?
You can always call 888VOTESMART and get a personal researcher.
Merry Easter Jeff!
Childoctorn in the dark cause accidents, accidents in the dark cause childoctorn
Wow!
I used to like Pacquiaonot anymore!
Clearly, he is ignorant and homophobic!
Now, I pity him!
I said I was interested in teaching yoga to veterans.
Then I was invited to observe a veteran's support group.
I heard stories I can't tell
LOL.
Thanks but he already follows.
:'
You definitely could!
Any specific toy camera brand you love?
Idk SF could take this one
Thank you so much!
I love it!
3
Never Change!
Don't introduced me to no bitch!!
making calls to SCA/USATF masters teams
So today's been the most pointless day ever.
Silence....Deciding what to put on!
RT : iPod is on shuffle...some rock, some folk, some 80s and 90s.
How 'bout you?
Dear Luke Fickell Bausermann sucks and has cost u the game and ur doctoram job
did roc cute his hair for real
Thank you new skin, youre probably the only thing keeping my fingers from bleeding rt now lol.
Tracking guitars all afternoon.
You got that shit that somebody would look for but wont find
Uhhuh.
It's my Privacy Sack.
Yay, enjoy.
Give me a call if you have any questions on those fancy setup moves.
we'll have to see how much my brain cells have been diluted by the end of session
Have you seen Yours!!!
this  face value.
If zimmerman were a few shades darker he would have BEEN arrested, on site.
No questions.
BlackParentQuotes keep crying im gonna give you something to cry about!
also i might buy owlcity new album
I look like shit.
I don't care.
I'm so tired!
lol, just a little, don't get too excited
I thought you were my type.
Just turns out that you're a dumbass
Great meeting you!
RT : great meeting you at industrynight nice hearing what you had to say!
Angels hope y'all got those tickets ready ny/nj angels flopp your wings and RT excuse me I meant gone be at bbkings ...
I'd love to be involved with any of the Women in UX events at Midwest UX.
Let me know if I can help out!
Payback's a bitch....
see u next week about an hour from now Giants
Did you find out about your exposer?
It was pretty funny if I do say so myself :
Oh your a party promoter.
Remind me to never take you serious.
has one too
Your most powerful testimony is how you treat others AFTER the church service is OVER.
2011 is almost ending, send this to 15 ppl you dont wanna lose in 2012, if you recieve this 7 times you are a dear person
Jaguar Land Rover to invest 200m in FType factory at Castle Bromwich
Football is 1 IMO no question RT : ...best sport on earth???
Uhhhhmmm....no.
Spiteful people 
So happy.
So thankful.
So full of love.
There is no book that cannot be improved by turning a character into an octopus, if only for a few chapters.
PLUS!
YOU GUYS WERE TRENDING WORLDWIDE!
: People with the highest expectations are the people with the most disappointment.
Sad but true.
thank you!!
I can't finish book TheHungerGames.
After lifelong diet of Flaubert, Proust, Eliot, et.
al., it's like reading a comic book.
WHAT not true
No question, our doctorvers have great legs!
Thanks for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer, Laura!
All I wanna do right now is get in bed .
I've been on my feet all freakin night .
On the top of my page, it says You will automatically be upgraded to New Twitter very, very soon.
Because of this, I am deleting this acc.
YOLNT...
if you're a cat.
sad, Wax On, Wax Off has been replace with Jacket On, Jacket Off
Work is unreal today.
It's a Thursday people slow the fuck down.
sick as a dog and lost my voice.
Won't make it to this awesome event :.
Wait, is Serena going to bang another one of Blair's boyfriends on the same bar tomorrow?
DC!
Magical land of clean streets, strangers making eye contact, and no jaywalking!
well then ill take you out and eat , mcdonalds ?
:
Holy neck bow, Emma.
haha my seats suck too!!
Way up there!
Lol.
I think section 3 row K : Where are you sitting?
Erm hello you are invited to mine  's Narry party!!
Woo
You're welcome!
Me too!
:
haha reem don't encourage him please
congrats.
111 wpm is AMAZING.
Most people don't even believe the iPad can handle touch events that fast!
Sir Charles has ALWAYS been clueless...what else is new?
LOL
Thanks so much for the kind twitter love!
has decided to take 4 summer classes so I could graduate early!!
I love to learn!
:D
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now.
yes it would be 333 and I would love for you to join me on a cover so let's figure out some time to get together and practice!!
Be Encouraged!
Pas
cliff notes?!
more like an interpreter!
LOL.
Jackofall trades, master of none he sews purses  turns water 2 gold!
Stop by Seattle, please!
hey now P
I love quinns!
ended up at cactus this time though.
What's happening at RIT?
Watching 90210.
Dylan just said, Well mystical surf wizard, what does his majesty say about these massive sets of destruction?
Terry just read a portion of STEALING ANGEL.
Check back here tonite for a full tweet of the passage!
should have spent 250M on ANYTHING other than John Carter.
1/4BFail
umm of course we are you 
If you have room for only 1, I'd 2nd Scott.
Not just because of his love for music but ICHC's community.
Is there a queen bee syndoctorme?
Women acting like men in the workplace...on Today Show...now
im gonna read Catching Fire tomorrow..
head up, stay strong.
Fake that smile, and move on.
I know right, I thought somebody had like broke in her crib  kidnapped her or some shit lol

congrats, Bobby!!!
dang that sucks.
ill have to check the library for it then.
Who's still up?
wrap party with at The Vault Tonite
We weren't even dating and you made me cry.
Dick
I picked up The New Teen Titans Omnibus Volume II.
Marv was writing up a storm and George was hitting his stride!
Ah they're so lame.
Excited for THENACA this weekend in NC!
Performing at the Sampler Showcase on Monday.
I hope it's like a Denny's Sampler...
Face Down Azz Up thats the way we like to fk LMAO
all good now.
Thanks and keep up the good work.
This will be cool.
MT Confirmed: We have grant support to put on a Charlotte seminar to prep for DNC.
Stay tuned for details!
I'm very curious to see who goes home today!
BestOfLuck to all crews!
:
it annoys me that bgt and thevoiceuk are on at the same time :
He pronounced Ianus with the Latin pronunciation!!
Owned a 3d tv for about 9 months n first time using 3d feature.
This shit cool
HappyBirthday to the sweetest, and most handsome twins in the world, and !
ILOVEYOU GUYS TONS!
333
Whatchu know about banana puffs and On the Go applesauce, baby?
Itching yes, thanks : Will propose
If you smeeeeeeeelllllllllalalallalaalooooowwwahhhh what the Rock is cookin!!!!
LOL!
I won't allow you to use the word either!My MIL used it in my house and I shut her down!
LOL not kidding haha
I wonder if watching play Text Twist is an example of the quick thinking and extensive vocab that makes him so good at what he does
i want some 
Let me know what kind of flavor you think you want and i will talk with the RD department.
CIROCSORBET?
I know we both love an infographic!
hey friend.
Hope your car is ok!
I'm a stones throw from you at the barber shop around the corner.
Gettin' my hurr did!
Good question.
I asked the Education Department how much the Tdoctor cost yesterday ...
no one got back to me.
Gr8 hang w/Rebirth  Trombone Shorty last night in the Crscnt City!
No place like it in the world.
Went to Mimi's, but no DJ Soulsista :
awesome!
I'm at the salesforce HH right now.
Keep me updated on what you're up to :
Thanks!
Can't wait to see it!
RT : Rob, Larry, Michelle  Mark Ockerbloom of 2day, shooting PSA for
This is disgusting.
I 3 my guitar
Spent the weekend  the imarketing workshop lead by author Raymond Aaron.
Learned a bunch and had fun doing it:
I clearly didn't get it.
Jokes on me.
Show fri Sep 16th at Cobalt Cafe in LA Join us for our singers birthday Plus we get to play with our friends from back east
Who would have thought going on vacation would mean so much work?
thanks man!
I appreciate it :
Oddly enough it feels nice to be home.
RT Great tweets from these guys and
In an effort to get doctornk, some teens are now doctornking hand sanitizer which leaves germophobe Moms in a very conflicted place.
Never come off your thrown to deal with peasants throwing tomatoes.rev run
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst and consultant!
His work is unparalleled!
yeah, easing into it.
morning Jane, lawnmower seems to be lasting so far
uh huh ok
I wanna lover : lol
Follow me guys, I got some music I think you'll like
Isn't it great?
All three bands are super solid.
You should come through!
oops name change!
RT I'll ask polite if the devil needs a ride because the angel on my right ain't hanging out with me tonight ;D
Quiet, coffee, and on my iPad
My sister and I are going to watch BattleShip when I get out of school YAY!!!
yeah he wrote it along with someone else lol..
Trust every artist writes a song wif d help of someone else
lo siento m me tengo k ir!!
whcd Who's ready for brunch!
C'mon over!
History was made tonight, But did you really think that Baylor was gonna lose.
Looks like my 1 item on my wish list for Stubhub is finally here!
Selling tickets right from iOS!
But still no iPad version :/
and still got two more classes today
RT: I wish he would do moves like Jagger off a fucking cliff.
: Jumping in random people's graduation pictures...YOLO
The water was pushing the door up I couldnt hold it as strong as I am I reached to what felt like the roof Balled my fist up started to bam.
Some really hardcore doctornks there.
What is your favorite name for a pet?

u so much
I think the guy should catch both!
:
Hey you got lunch plans girl?
Wanna hit up Buffalo Wild Wings and get to munchin' on some boneless wings?
This class is a complete waste of my time.
Thank you, Brother.
Sounds like a great day!
What kind of car?
We're looking right now, too!
Have fun at the game!
I miss
I'm doing pretty well!
Moving into a new apartment in a couple weeks...
Stoked for that!
Haha :
Fossil hunter Susan Hendoctorckson discovers skeleton of largest TRex everdubbed Suetoday in 1990 in South Dakota.
Back in the OK!?
Come hang in OKC with the tops :
I love how Jacob is the only one to call Jackson Danny  it's hilarious.
W00t!
Video games, video games, video games, games, games!
3
that might be a good comparison.
Im not an asshole...
I just dont give a fuck
I remember....dang you still playing, your blessed brotha.
Keep balling!!!!!
The writing is going well.
6 short stories selected for pub in 2011.
Looking forward to an even better 2012.
How about you?
so Pittsburgh...
do we rot for Tebow today?
or continue hating the
M : my blankets smell so good
hahaha no!
Its an app :
Patiently waiting...
good game Team East ya'll played great
Major changes coming  stay tuned.
Sunny days wouldn't be special if it wasn't for rain...
: Never been there either!
Cool place for a manger meeting...I'm in the wrong business!.
Haha, Love my job!
Working out details for show at UConn in March or April.
See all you Huskies in the spring!
i hear u on that.
one day at time then all should fall into place for everyone.
i hope.
: what day in aug.?
FLYING TO PANAMA
they have the main items.
I thought it was cute.
You have GOT TO BE KIDDING ME.
Bad combination I feel like shit :/ not decent
Didn't go to school today
doctorke can get in my pants.
Happy Styling!
Stop in to receive 30 off all Sale items!
Going on Now!
Oh and I missed two finals because my marta pass is in there
Tried to get tickets to Avatar for tomorrow  it's sold out.
Almost 2 months after release!
Crazy.
Going on Monday now.
Looking forward to all the new people Perfect.
You're added to a wonderful, wonderful group of adored and admired friends.
Never watched an overtime THIS intense.
whosgonnalose  Ohio U v Marshall  Marshall will lose
You're right.
Make them earn it.
You're the greatest voice of reason.
congrats on yor success.
Good luck building on it in 2010
Looks to be another day of he's sweet jack, sweet jack.com jingle in my head.
That diaper ad with the cartoon babies having a diaper blowout competition.
Nope.
11.1.11 AMBITION DAY  AIMING FOR THE LIKES OF REASONABLE DOUBT IS AMBITION AT IT'S BEST SHIT...
IM FIST IN LINE!
I thought Alex was Ukrainian, but now she's Russian...?
I just want someone to cuddle and watch movies with.
TooMuchToAsk?
ok, tweet run about over.
Is there anything better than sitting with family?
No explanations, no performances, no masks.
We are real.
Thanks to a supervisor from Hawaii, who helped me out when none of the other employees would.
Almost wrote off United altogether.
You have until 8 am to call and donate to Bikes for Kids!
Call 4853797 to make a donation over the phone.
ANYTHING helps!
I half expected Zakk Wylde to walk out on stage after that Trivium song and shout DOUCHE!
Felting...just learning.
Wish me luck!
Cubs manager Dale Sveum hinted at a possible closer change after Carlos Marmol's meltdown
so cuute i want a dog  Which I will get once I live alone.
HAHAHA x
is here at ATT/Howard event to ask you questions where you at?!
dude i suck
please no RBT for north line....RAIL ONLY.....in time.
Not urs.
LADIES follow and get you something to wear for the summer
yes and i might get home school lmao
Titty boi got me on MERCY...Guess he earned that...2 Chainz it is!!!
Lol
Happy 1 year blog anniversary  !!
You're doing a great job!
She knocked out three guys and elbowed an usher to catch that ball guy sitting in front of us after caught the foul ball lol
great idea
Ugh soo much paper work but I'm at the hospital with my best friend because mom is here!
Hope she gets better!
xoxo
Whether or not you think you can or you cant.
Either way, you are right!
Congrats to you and Angela!
oh i know!
crazy corporate lingo.
we should be proactive and change the paradigm :
Tomisterrow is Gang Green vs Dirty Birds, 1p, Unthank Park.
epic
Haters gonna hate, mahomies gonna love 
let's chat!!
Back corner in red plaid
for whiz?
Thanks!
We're open starting next Weds, 3/21.
Stop by and say hi anytime!.
:
go kings!
very cool!
fever  chills means blankie on the couch.
haha!
I do!
Just a lot going on...good stuff, but busy!
looking for a longer swing type trade take a look at YGE there is gaps to be filled candle suggest change in trend open green today
No person is safe from temptation except the one who flees from it
That could be most definitely true...
Out  lost two coinflips to the same spewy player.
Happy with my play, but not with the result.
Sorry investors, tried me best
the band or actual cake?
will you be submitting it?
www.ourcityfilmfestival.com
My stupid dimples!!!
Groupon moments away from being traded as public stock.
KOIN Local 6 News
Tonight for the Black Sands Album release.
Gonna Rock!
who u workin for now?
Bahahaha.
This is too much fun.
Those laws only apply to people being forced into such conditions.
In Hollywood people purposely sell their freedom for cash!
On Earth?!
There is no uglier website?
Come on I am the first to criticize, you know this, but that's a bit much.
I don't care how good you are!
I honestly don't!
BTW, still looking for Tailors in Hong Kong.
Anybody have any recommendations?
Guns dont kill people...
People kill pe GUNS!!
RIPMCA you were the real deal 100 and the world will miss you!
All the good guys like the hoes.
sigh
I want i want i want but thats crazy.
Loved meeting you too and thanks to for the intro!
Milwaukee friends  YPs, join me for networking  fun at 's Purely Social event tomorrow, 69pm
don't think i dont know what u left in my car door.
game on sister
you know the creator of spongebob was gay right?
The only kind of Blizzards I like have crushed Oreo's in them...
In the studio working with AC.
Her new mixtape is in the making.
Hot shit, hands down.
No worries, Bailey.
Everything is looking good on our end.
These are stressful times but take a deep breath and let's
you're AMAZING!
Lax, lax, soccer, soccer...dinner with a luvly btle of Dom Serene Pinot.
Soccer, soccer, lax, soccer champ game  win!
W/E sports done!
ah
We've been working so hard at our jobs, selling our home, new home search  move.
Today feels like the first little break in a long time.
MittRomneyFilms Lie Hard this has to have been used.
I just cancelled my TiVo service  it felt like breaking up with a longtime girlfriend or something!
im find hit u on dm
haha what up man
BestTimeToSmokeWeed on a cool saturday nite
That's understandable.
And I'm not going to lie, I'm pretty nervous.
Go Pack Go!!
Let's see it!
Everybody is hurtin for new work.
: 41 pages edited / reworked tonight.
Almost ready to share my nonmusical doctorma.
Awesome!!
Enjoy!!!
Take lots of pix!!
Don't you ever for a second get to thinking, you're irreplaceable!
I have been rolling with pimps since I was in diapers :.
I know !
Like I miss mama gabbys' brownies .
no napoleon dynamite Is amazing
Morning Rockstars!
It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy.
Seneca
haha yeah I'm done.
Had a real good day yesterday...spurs best in epl?
TebowGotTradedFor a kool aid singles packet
Coaches life speaches are the best
slept so god
hardly severe!
not like you in twister alley!!
Good Morning All!
Any creative plans today?
Welcome to the AFC East, Tim Tebow.
Nd the og just as strong as can be LET'S TAKE A TRIP OUTTA TOWN!
welcometojamaica Where we say headtop, footbottom, and neckback.
I love my people!!!
My Jamaican massive need to follow me.
what's your wed specials and any crazy CraftBeer taps
I 3 dubstep.
Dubstep is the best band in the world.
4 more days till I'm swimmin in V.I.
Waters
It may just be sleep deprived craziness at this point though.
Elsevier takes another hit with the very public resignation of an associate editor of its journal Genomics.
Harry Potter at 8am.
This is the best vacation ever.
Funniest part was that the teacher didnt find out till after the class was over lol i swear almost died of laughter!!
member!?
FRIDAY NIGHTS BELONG TO
thank you so much for following me!
I love all of your tweets : love you!
Thanks for RTs, follows  mentions!!
Aw well im sorry pussy: RT : lol, that was unnecessary and rude :
Finally done with that stupid paper
I'm following you on the advice of my man He assured me you'd follow back.
Dont disappoint !
Also, will give spooky books to deserving urchins, but do you have any other suggestions for matching books with those in need?
Photo 71...is there a communist Russian sect living down there??
Don't know why anyone would not want an iPhone
you are welcome
I'm glad you're finally havin fun...but I'm too hung over.lol
Hi the film premieres in June.
We will make it available for screenings to groups.
Thanks!
Scouting for a commercial shoot!
Anyone have any leads for a backyard deck in the Milwaukee, WestAllis, or SouthMilwaukee areas?
My kind of place.
I am always cold.
What was it like 40 to 35 degrees.
n what's that lol
let me know if we have to reschedule tomorrow's lunch due to snow.
Not sure if it will be bad or if it is just hype.
LoL.
Harry Potter, right?
Oh my god DC had an earthquake!
I'm fine though but that was just scary and totally unexpected
totally decked a bitch in the face tonight
RIP Junior Seau.
Jesus.
if Purdue is this good, the Big 10 is really good.
I heard you actually programmed and led art direction on the whole thing, but refused to have your name in the credits.
too soon to swoon.
Oh who am I kidding?
:::swoon:::
true..which means he wasn't pose to see the ball at all on that possession lol
Use your smile to change the world Dont let the world change your smile:
My son says his favorite dinosaur is the Team Rex.
is on my freaking radio right now.
I don't know what Girardi's going to do in the 9th.
But, he's used 4 Yankees pitchers to get 8 outs in relief tonight.
Is emerging structure more complex?
ML Kennedy thinks not, also points out libraries have new direct line to university president.
You need to find a niche where you can excel
que son los all inclusive?
Only one way to find out.
;
Lumina's attainment goals are bold, but are they realistic?
Setting goals is the easy part
Already am.
Netflixed thu Season 1 in, oh, a week.
That isn't funny!
;
how about that Pierre Paul.
getthename right
Friday nights weak when it's cold
Don't wanna give in so we both gave up 
We weren't talking about singing, we were talking about talking.
Why bother, right?
We have twitter.
haha
no problem!
;D
bulls fallen out
Stop!
I wanna go home, take off this uniform, and leave the show.
What about research network analysis?
Investing 8 billion in community colleges!
so cool!
Genius marketing
Real and permanent good.
Fickell is the most qualified candidate for the PSU job.
Once we send him to the Citgo they should hire him
Sorry for all of negative tweets.
Happy new year.
the VA said I couldn't go to therapy because I was too dangerous, but how does that make sense?
josh
I love you bella you inspire me so much!
Can you follow back its on my new years resolution for you or justin bieber to follow!
Is it the end of the road for Bachmann?
Political expert opinion tonight FOX 9  9pm.
WAIT, it's almost 4pm!?
How did that happen?

Oceanport, NJ!
Show us your love today :
Will do my best.
The NY shows are not TOO far from Boston.
Empower yourself.
A great burger challenge can be found OnFarwell and North.
Is this Peanut you refer to?
Productcamp Mobile Strategies presentation is at 2p
Damn, some classes already ending for me this week.
Definitely gotta savor the next few sems, shit is going by too quick...
pakicheck po yung twitter name.
Its not bruno its bruro see the difference bitch!!
Know ur FACTS!
To fully appreciate what you have, you must know what life would be like without it
Tech bubble pop  I think what he's really talking about is cycle, every industry has cycles, why would tech be different?
The Most under used,under rated guy in the Wwe,Face turn,team up with Sheamus..great tag team
setting up some campaigns on Google Adwords.
If you need help getting your business name out there to customers this is a good idea
CIO, know someone, perhaps you, with new job, promo or retired?
Pls let me know for my MoversShakers blog on DM me here, tx
Ive searched everywhere, yet I can not find a single fuck to give
thanks, girl!
xo have a great weekend :
: If You Refuse To Follow My First Instruction...I Will Not Burden You With A Second.
doctorM fb
Don't forget about our Broker class coming up next week!
Starting Oct.
4 MF 14pm go to www.tuckerschool.com to sign up!
let's network
Tomorrow is April.
No it's gonna be June.
: RT : I'm voting for for Gen Prez!And you know I appreciate you good brother!
How have you been?
putting the beats on TONIGHT!
Grammy's polling best performance evah..your mom at the top at 89.9 surpassing EVERYONE!!....TEAM WHITNEY!!!!!
Happy Easter everybody from Niquenique to you!!!3
.
It's crazy talk.
I'm already paying for the bandwidth to my house  I don't want to pay for it twice.
Absurd!
she's getting her hair done for prom so she can't be older than 18.
Lol commonsense.
I wish I was 18 again damn
Be who you are not who society wants you to be A LMAO
THERE YOU GO!!!
POINTS IN THE PAINT
The weather is finally getting better , :
MONDAY NIGHTS RULE AT KBEACH!
good music, tune in  psych out
Wish I didn't have plans to be at the Spring ILP 2nd weekend, otherwise I'd be at the Urban Bush Woman's Harlem Jazz Brunch.
hahaha I love it!
And the music video:
If my future husband ever makes me move to the Midwest, I'm giving him a Glitz Pageant baby.
So there.
You're there again?
I am back to promote!
How are all the lovely Nextdoor Fans doing today?
hey ok i just want to ask wat you do is real like real ghost
My friend made me go see Michael Jackson movie tonight.
It was ok.
He seemed ok/energetic.
It would have been a heck of a show for sure.
ok cool, just shoot me the when  where
Work then heading to Detroit Rock City for some family fun
Lol.
Aw.
: That makes me feel special.
:  Don't worry you still have time to grow.
:D
Welcome to Twitter!
Lookin forward to your tweets.
What are you grateful for?
I love it!
You are do much fun to shoot.
Thanks for letting me get you for Urban Weeds!
Eve of the new Premiership season  Match of the Day song stuck on my head.
Even on the other side of the Pond....
follow me PLEASE
Give me the chance to love you, I'll tell you the only reason why..Cauz you are on my mind 
Now you're official ;
Next Wednesday.
I'll let you know for sure.
: Where is the column?
Oh : That's 3 hours from Austin.
how fast do you type on your iPad?
Axxess Tickets On Sale This Saturday!
thought leaving cell on loud at work was annoying until the ringtone changed to a recording of their dog barking
that's weird dude.
They probably won't accept your travelers' checks either.
twitter  facebook because no one cares if you post every two minutes.
Everyone always talks about being shocked it's neon green is all.
It's kind of a right of passage now.
:
We gave you a shout out on our latest podcast recording.
Will be up soon!
Q4: How do you think the blowback from the industry will affect next year's decision, if at all?
Olympics fans follow our client Medalist  Bobsled
Ok finally got into Pablo Honey.....only took 18 years
DC: And when you elect me mayor, I promise to place industrial sized space heaters all over town.
No more freezing!
Sounds good.
Thanks
and your productivity is the reason I intrest
A cool thing about ripping old CDs to the computer...rediscovering music that I haven't listened to in a long time
Breaking News : All 711s in the Denver Metro area, are completely sold out of Slurpees  BBQ chips...
Please go away stoners :
is there a board mtg tonight?
Happy Thanksgiving to Everyone!!!
Love  Blessings to all 3
RT Please tbs tnt and who ever else, stop showing these annoying Conan commercials.
We get it.I agree 100
Ricky Gervais as GG host, not finding him funny, just mean spirited but doing so with a smile on his face
When old friends say they miss you c': 
The secret to happiness is this: Treat others as you would like to be treated.
Linda Picone
I fell asleep in my oversized chair again.
super pumped just got here after traveling 5 hrs!
What is going to be the biggest challenge for you personally this season?
If you go after someone just because she's beautiful but don't have anything to talk about, it's going to get boring fast
I wanted to try a new yogurt, but there was an obese woman in a Rascal blocking the display.
It seems we're two ships passing in the night.
Done my friend.
Keep up the good work.
Ryann jus solved every single one of my problems tonight props he is good for something you guys 
The secret to getting ahead is getting started.
Mark Twain
Congrats to Company for creating Pike's Golden Anniversary IPA  the Official Beer of the Space Needle's 50th Anniversary!
Splurge Gang is copyrighted  trademarked we need you to stop publishing music with our name or our lawyer will be contacting U
Thank you for the RT!
its pretty exciting!
If you're the horse than yes ; haha
greyhound!
grapefruit meringue w/a vodka crust!
You say I'm not your type, what?
A strong, independent, beautiful woman is not your type?
WELL THEN FCCK YOU!
I've done so much it would surprise a lot of people.
: HAPPY BDAY WHOADIE!!Thanks Come To Peanuts Tonight!!!
Why is he so hyper?
Lol.
He has me weak.
Hi Anything!
:p
Pretty unfair that Dubinsky gets a game misconduct when Boyle wasn't fighting at all.
Bad break for
that was the yummiest chocolate peanut butter cupcake ever!
Thanks!
See?
It's kismet.
Just finished visiting with Thanks for having us!
We look forward to hearing from you soon.
Is Atlanta really up by 30 points..
LOLOLOLOL..
Like I said before..
EASY...
It's 3 already??
Feels like 2
weddingplanwednesday thriftythursday stvincentssaturday
Check out MyHouse Friday!
Turf Toe was an evil invention by someone to ruin a persons foot for life...
I think Santorum's shininess makes him look a bit sickly.
Although all of them look a little pasty
I love you forever!3
congrats !
You've won the 100 gift certificate to Ann Taylor/Loft
truly a fine line, but overall point was to be informed and give customers as much as they want about coffee.
I was raised by then stop signed , no religion I was getting saved by then stop sign
Yes, i put new music in my ipods 
Teaching to a full house!
Digital Marketing Strategies class
I wanna go to disney world :
ok, good to know.
Would you be up for a brainstorming conversation?
oh derder i feel dumb n LP3
Dude ass aint never just fall off a house though!!!
Lmfao
And if you've tweeted me  I've never responded in a single way, slap me across the face.
Solidarity in writer's block.
We'll push through.
RT : I cannot write to save my life write now.
Please kick me or something.
I really don't wan't to hear the Knitting Club talking about their g spots while I am trying to do homework 
Gravitas up on stage and pouring on the hard rock pudding at Church.
So do the stars that represent your rep on XBL actually change?
My rep is really low and it is still 5 stars.
Happy Easter!
Second half play is underway here at Magness Arena
I think I win by refusing to give in to fear.
your pretty
At City House in Nashville...amazing.
thanks mama.
Kristen is here so that should help me decompress after the boys are dwn
Love that Americans say check not cheque lol
That looks serious!
GOOD MORNING TO ALL MY FOLLOWS .HAVE A BLESS DAY !
Life stops when you no longer have solutions InSpotter mobile app
Man, I'm loving Fringe.
And this new iPad 3 is pretty nice too.
RT: New post, Clearwire Enters the Gateway to the West Bringing CLEAR 4G to St.
Louis  MarketWatch ...
Not years when kane attack you
Darling your heads not right.
A Relationship Where Yall Both Are Scared To Lose Each Other 
20ThingsIlove my phone  radio.
I have been sitting here for two hours preparing to study.
Haven't even opened my book yet...
little sister.
You know its true!
Couldnt find a sitter for BumpItUp event at Equinox tomorrow night?
Well, they now have FREE childcare!
No excuses now!
Goin on air soon..WOAD, Jackson MS
Storns roar through region, triggering tornado sirens and delivering rain, hail  Worthington Daily Globe
Wipe off DVDs after you borrow them
you should come to Laredo t.x
Your a bottom, you don't get to eat corn
Okay so I done slick fell asleep, n my right butt cheek is too...but I'm finna turn up now!
im proud of u too!
car still broken, software always broken, bills getting me broke, again
: btw going ATVing at the end of the month.
I wanna go back to LV and do it there sometime.
always
Forgot to mention my nigga BJ Gully Dev all the old ass niggas
: so you left me alone to be scared?
Thanks..I feel the love
In one of the stranger episodes of contemporary art LA, witnessed Hung's Thomas Jane read Paul Thek at the Hammer.
It was amazing!
I got Bronchitis!!
Ain't nobody got time for that!!
Reading now!
those who want to come get some.
u think id use fists?
anyone come on my property as a threat gets a 357 hot load
Yes, your professorle photo.
Meeting w/ Casting Director in Chicago tomorrow to read for a supporting role for feature film starring Dennis Quaid  Zack Efron.
XFactor is rigged there is no way Rachel Crow got less votes than a guy who was on the bottom 3 times.
He needs the show more than Rachel.
Exhausted.
It's only 10:30
ok I'm back!
Did you have a doctornk with me?
Lol
NO WAY!
So is Justin McShea and John Carey
I love when people promise you something, you believe it.
Even though you know its a lie.
On my way to see blow it out da park
The Self is the source of love.
People who live their own love stories have learned this lesson above all.
dang!
You should be in your third doctoram already!
: : It would be pretty awesome to be a WalMart greeter when I grow up.
Caleb AAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Psst!
Want a backstage peek at a Reman U issue from idea to inbox?
It even includes some exciting 
A man without ethics is a wild beast loosed upon this world.
Albert Camus
Thanks RT : oh my that's hot
Happy Earth Day!
In honor, I planted my garden yesterday!
I need some rest today
Probs couldn't hear the alarm hearing aid dead ...?
So sad to learn of the death of Jeffrey Zaslow.
Big loss in the literary world.
Thanks to everyone who became a Facebook fan so quickly!
RT : oomf breathe smells........
I hate that shit to the fullest Point Em Out!
PickUpLine: Does God know you've escaped from Heaven?
Come with me to my place.
You can stay there until he calls looking for you.
Me too RT : I want a person who comes into my life by accident, and stays on purpose.
ah gotcha how long u been out there
Aye Katherine said we can go see my brotha when we get down there.
congrats!
hope you've finally recovered from vegas...
DM me your addoctorss  I'll send you that lip gloss.
Xo
Hubby just told me that Junior Seau went to his middle school.
R.I.P.
April's live radio show starts in a few hours, get on down here!
I hate when I take my sleeping medicine, I sleep all the next day away..
Wore a fishing shirt for the first time tonight.
Needless to say, it was monumental.
thx
i love youu ;
heyy !
: havent talked to u in like for ever !
:
So we filmed dumbass yesterday...
Im hella sore...
you are the definition of sexy ;
We support Baltimore's new advocacy group!
Join us for happy hour at Liam Flynn's Ale House 22 W.
North Avenue Fri 4/20
Playing Bush League AllStars right now on
blasted Internet.
Idk why I even subscribe to stuff like this...I guess to keep the doctoram alive lol
Leadership is not a reward.
It is earned through action and progressive thinking.
RT : Tonight is PayWhatYouCan for IVANOV!
Catch the 7pm show for a 10 minimum donation!
At door sales only.
yeah Told me and they where texting me how cool you are and I'm doing good how about you
Do less  do it better.
people have probably been saying that since the beginning of time.
It's still true.
Yeah I've been feeling better today.
In India, meeting with leaders on economic development projects.
Thanks!
That's sweet!
wow ...
That's just beautiful.
Happy birthday to one of the greatest people I've ever met, !
The owner of a small firm that cannot attaining operating capital to to run their company could use AR factoring
I like all the events leading up to the Derby.
I also like the buzz around the city.
Just saw The L.A.
Complex..its a good show.
You just started following me?
Wow...I am so honored...
AdventureTime Finn: I'm not gonna spank you hams!
Man: What?!
We've sold out of White Truffles.
More due Wednesday afternoon if you want to sign stock.
Go with 11 always a solid number
Everyone else in the room can see it.
Everyone else but you.
lol.
Girl I walked in slow bcuz my neck was hurting.
Are you getting a motorcycle or do you already have one?

DIW's Kwanzaa Preview w/ JC Hayward  now  check it out
Excited to hand the cut over to our scorist.
11 days, 1 test screening, and a runthrough with the crew until we finish the composer's cut.
The poems linger on scenes of professorund violence and inhumanity, reporting heavy truths of war, massacre, and disaster....
only people who never get text feel like that
Fuck it, more power to 'em.
Just makes me laugh, really.
An ironic, slightly crazy laugh, one I'm sure you understand...
boy flex
itsawesomewhen our clients call us to tell us how much they LOVE how their most recent print job turned out!
Very tough task but if anyone deserves a tweet from it is you
I wouldn't be a man if I didn't feel like this .
What sort of stupid shoes are you wearing stupid.
Honey Badger
At the meadows mall:
He really made my night with that 
My doctoram is a jobinsports!
RT Students who want to work in sports...chance to interact with numerous professorssionals in sport
got to be one there we can serve at when we fire up east
lol sounds pretty good to me
At Childoctorn's Mercy with Addy.
Allergic reaction to something yet unknown.
All good but scary there for a bit!
Go out to broomstock today to support our bros and some of us will be there!
love it here!
Everyone is so friendly and it's so green!
Go Broncos !
yep how are you my dude?
Hope Japan treating you well
Day 2 Summer Meetings taking place currently, talking about trainers, insurance, and organizational charts
finally get to lay down ..
Just got to Milwaukee and realized I left my keys in South Bend.
Gig alert: We're headlining at Tiffany's Lounge in St Paul on Saturday  10PM.
Should be a great night  fake blood included!!!
Congrats to Carlos Condit on his win!
Way to rep for New Mexico!!
It's overpriced.
It'll doctorp further...
We're pleased to say that Abby Smith Rumsey and Amanda Booher have agreed to participate in the second TILTS symposium, March 1012!
ah.
Well they get to pick the image, right?
Doing stuff is overrated.
Look at Hitler.
He did a lot but wouldn't have been better if he stayed home  got stoned?
Personal prefrence.
Just don't want to be like the masses...
Good workout !
Your making GREAT progress!
Happy Birthday Yogi Berra!!
New bedtime ritual by the eldest EL: must know score before we sleep.
It's much easier for elmomma if we are winning at bedtime!
DAMN IT, REDSOX.
You are breaking our hearts.
Well that is crap.
Get Eric Guerra to have a fundoctoriser for your pool.
He's good at that!
you know, Johannes, I never actually got a DM the other day, just an email saying I had a DM.
I think Beware of those emails
wow, thank you!
We love your station!
:
What is the most powerful lesson or inspiration you learned during 's CompCloud keynote?
How will you incent better?
Harassment hitting me from all directions.
thanks for following up back!!
check out our music when you get a chance!
I'm dealing with a crazy love triangle thing and I'm stuck in the middle.
An I never did shit.
Fuck this doctorMA Shit!
yeah it was mind blowing!
Also, there's a Chipotle 10 min walking distance from our apt :
Fuck that new bell we got, nxt time the bell all i wanna hear is fuck the other side other side aint shit!
we need iceberg  this school
plase come to mexico
Facebooks Facial Recognition Adds Tags Automatically eweekeurope.co.uk/news/facialre via
A tropical storm is VERY unfashionable...No?
postponed due 2 hideous weather, will resume next Sunday
Baltimore and New York.
Favorite cities cuz of my two favorite shows.
Replace your Furnace and/or AC and save w/ lower energy bils and take advantage of the 1500 tax credit!
Thanks.
No much about SEO?
My mom needs to burn that new Abercrombie shirt she bought me.
be my friend on facebook!
Just search Crisston Lee Crass.
I am the one with the same default as this one
Good luck making the team next year lawson your garbage
can u shout me out who ever follow me ill follow bac
: Not Familiar w/Fairview Park?
New rec, lots of parks, close 2 shopping, Lake Erie  major highways.
20 minsdowntown.
Did you walk/bike to school as a kid?
Could your kids?
10 of kids walk to school now; not so long ago, it was 80.
Think it matters?
Sarcasm ?
; lol jk.
Sounds good though.
How DARE you addoctorss me directly!!!
Chyeah you did!!
All the LMTF lyrics, they're just making my day.
time eventually runs out.
if you have something good, hold on to it because fate can only determine how long you can have it for.
lol good night
hey new music from
I miss my old sis.
I want my old sis back.
This one is mean :
Got home from a long 5 hr doctorve from WI.
Now watching videos all night!!
It's a flashback within a flashback
oh....you poor thing!
My cousin had migraines and seeing her was a lottta pain , so I understand what you're going through....
So and I couldn't make it but I know is fittin' to kill stage w/
ANOTHER WAY 2 END SLAVERY IS TO CHANGE THE PENAL SYSTEM, PRIVATIZED PRISONS R THE NEW FORM OF SLAVERY  PIMPING.
tell your brother I said hi .
ThatAwkwardMoment when you can't read your own handwriting xD
Tina Turner bought Ike a BMW?
No problem!
The orientation will be almost all day, the white coat ceremony is the last part, at 5 or 6 p.m.
that day.
May i follow you??
Your tweets look good enough to read!!
:
Im so bored
I will after what just happened!
There's nothing I hate more than backseat/passanger doctorvers.
: RT : When was the last time you experienced sound effects in a slide presentation?
I can count about 10 so far today.
I'm listing all worldwide green/recycle art events on www.artisansgonegreen.com.
Send me info you have about events you know about.
Thanks!
Hey Get a life ho...
Wanna hang out soon???
We're busy putting together our Thursday night sand volleyball team.
Look out, world.
We're real good.
That's right...
...
What do you get if a huge hairy monster steps on Batman and Robin ?Flatman and Ribbon !
Listening to Neil Young  On the Beach today
Why is it when you go into a bar and try to read everyone wants to talk with you.
Nothing feels better to walk in my room and find a stack of clean boxers 
De que?
Season 6 of scrubs: greatest ever.
I like that ppl find me easy to talk to
psyched for 2 nights in DC!
RT : Mylo Xyloto world tour kicks off today.
Make it loud Edmonton!
PH
damn...i had this twitter for like a year and still don't know how to add a pic..
I feel so fuckin' smart...
smfh....
FAIL
Well done, You deserve a standing ovation from my tallest finger.
Moving derek into his house right now : imma miss my favorite brother :
Like, idk, clubs like ours should be in this together against the Citys of the world.
Missy: I Never Get Mad At Anyone But My Boyfriend.
Jasmine: Youu Get Mad All The Tiimmee.
Me: Youu Kickedd Me Outt Of Your House!!
I missed you to
Getting my hair did.
Always scary to do a new color....ah
so 7 1/2 hous of training.
I think my brain is going to burst!
omg no
Just finished a mtg.
w/ one of my client organizations They are making a huge difference.
Signed little girl up for a games computer.
SE la Vie We cant be everywhere
Would like to thank everyone for making Irie's 5 de Mayo Salsa party the best one in town!
Kudos!
In retrospect, three espressos before noon might have been overkill.
What Turkish place??
Wit the Gyros??
tracked bass tnite with the always in the pocket this CD just went to another level.
Extra innings coming up here at Mt.
Pleasant as Paris and San Jacinto are tied at 4
thanks Morgan!
It was great having you at yesterday!
just got done following all my followers
Wouldn't you guess?
The musicians of the sound pretty amazing!
Looking forward to tomorrow night's concert.
Attending the GHP Annual meeting.
Thanks for the shout out!
Yes, been awhile.
Conference season and bad tree allergies kicking in our sons asthma has me slipping.
I Saw Red right now!
Tonight is going to be nuts.
Love me some Richs afterhours!
Nobody is any better then anybody else.
Seorita has been stuck in my head for the last 3 days.
I think I like who I'm becoming
hahah...yeah...sure
Eyeing your toys suspiciously after watching Toy Story.
unfortunately not but at least it's got free shipping ;
still waiting to fly out of Knoxville..
It's gonna be a long day
bitches aint loyal
let's go lobos!!!
Glad my day is finally over.
Today was rough.
Need to just lay back and chill.
well it's true!
We're meeting at Indiana Gen Soc booth a little after 12
What is that??
Thanks to the ACA, 40,000 seniors in MN05 receive preventative services at no outofpocket cost.
Happy Birthday Hans Christian Andersen!
Thanks to him we have The Ugly Duckling, The Little Mermaid, Thumbelina, The Snow Queen,  more!
WOO The Steelers just selected Dont'a Hightower from Alabama.
Oh wait it was only a Mock doctorft on SportsCenter right now.
Damnit!
you must be breathing easier
:o share it !
Lol
At a family party Mama: Saludaste a toda la famila?
It makes me feel so old.
Mo's been my favorite for a long time.
Heading out to for a lunch review of their spring menu for
Crush is now online...........
Me: aiohfuichweufjhe too bad i cant message him cuz he wont reply :/
Google Revamps Google News: Today Google is releasing a redesigned version of their Google News site to Englishla
TY for RT .
So glad to find you  systemsofengagement on Twitter.
socialmedia
when I order a hot pink MacBook case and it comes in like a red/orange color 
NEED PROMOTION????/
Extraordinary is average.
If you aint doin' thangs on that extraordinary level, then you aint doin' what you need to be doin'...
It's official the oyster dinner is sold out!
Planning another one in oct.
don't miss some crazy fun oysters this week!
C u at Harbor House!
Map to Sweetwater River Trail  7 mile out and back beautiful ready to run it again, want to go?
www.usatf.org/routes/view.asp?rID432834
Happy Leap Day!
Don't forget today is the last day to get up to 100 off camp tuition!
Promo code: Practice12
hell yeah me too bruh
If we eat turkey before a show we might fall asleep halfway thru.
Though, our audience is usually asleep at that point anyway
Autism Costs 137 Billion The majority of the costs associated with autism over the lifetime occur in the adult years...
One on one relationships are key to doing business.
It's how you gain trust.
Networking is so important!
Congratulations!
You are reading my 100th tweet.
Now everyone is having a great day.
Netflix CEO  We are now primarily a streaming video company, but he likes to leave out that less than 5 of inventory available.
Phony.
Don't forget to zapcash in your twitters..
get creative 2!
Also check out the site for products  we would love feed back on contest ideas!
SAT word of the day: hapless unlucky
Have to tell you, we have ability to put ZakDel on the units now, as custom art.
Check out our process, ultra cool and quality
thank you for the cupcake  very delicious.
Seriously, you guys look like a million fucks!!
Had an extraawesome time documenting at the Timken museum in Balboa park, so many interesting museum visitors :
You want to meet up bro
You ain't never caught a rabbit and you ain't no friend of mine.
I'm slowly doctorfting to you This star is a planet I culminate The beauty gets away from you I'm on my way, I'm on, I'm on
He now is the lead for Street Dogs, another great prounion Irish punk band.
If you haven't yet, check em out!
I was just about to send you a tweet!
Some things never change.
Wish you could be here with us this weekend!
Yes, I still RT the old way.
Fuck your opinion.
Jammin to Paul Revere and Girls!
Back in chicago but already missing tampa ugh
I got my toes in the water, ass in the sand not a worry in the world a cold beer in my hand  Life is good today.
Zac Brown Band Toes
Fish larvae find the reef by orienting: The earlier the better For the first time, a numerical study incorporates horizontal larval fish
Thanks so much.
Happy new year to you!
xo
O boy this is great!
bet...coming into to city??
TIP after a flood  Remove wet fabrics and doctor them as soon as possible.
Hang furs and leather goods to doctor separately at room temperature.
Watching Duke vs.
Maryland basketball on ESPN.
you guys better be at that game!
give is new Yorkers live by following me nd
: I love when fat girls wear yoga pants.
I know you LOVE this ;
Pretty sure
ILovePeopleThat that listen to
Vegas is for a couple of days  3 max.
After that youre in as much of a hurry to leave as you were to get there.
oh I forgot they don't let cubs be MVP's misnomer that is where people with potential go and die
word RT : Still writing.
I need a composer for my documentary!
Students are welcome :
Theese kids are crazy
just learned about it and will be listening
ReWatched the BSG ep again where Cylons show up at New Caprica; one of the best seasonending cliffhangers ever.
my bad , you ain't shit ta me damn .
I ain't gotta trust fund ta look forward to your whack
I dont get the song but I like it lol
Ain't no way around it !
Great day!
Every day these days is tons of fun and work, but I'm exhausted at the end of each.
The offense in this osu vs mchg game is horrible
and love
its a combo of things.late inning pitching is hurting us as well as lack of runs.Is bobby v gonna last to the allstar break?
I was not being rude.
you can't really show expression through text.
lol, I cant tell you..
I can only show you.
I've scared you away too, haven't I?
Peel Here ReWind this saturday.
All art will be for sale....cuz we make stickers
Whistles Just an Angel in disguise...or is it de sky?
Just like the doctoram: you take all yr collage materials high up into the branches of trees.
Buttons  old books, stored in thermal lunch bags
Really weird seeing Greek Week activities happening...pyramid, rope pull, etc.
Nostalgia, etc.
Really happy to see my little from APO.
i just got my ticket to go see , n for may 11 in Tucson :D
you are SO FREAKING AMAZING .
It kills me .
there are not enough curse words, nor normal words, nor tears, right now, to feel what i am feeling.
That joint is by far and away his best Nike commercial.
Since when did all these females attempt to try to talk to me??
Lol what has the world turned into?
lmao
I am honored!
Looking forward to May 31st.
PEOPLE ALL AROUND BUT I STILL FEEL ALONE
gallery will be OPEN today from 7pm9pm.
come down and check things out.
Crushed some chesticles today at and now I'm strictly breathing in greatness.
you mean she's addicted to lead poisoning.
stop hating!
good girl!
lol
we agree!
what games were involved?
And got a time stamp for you at PATV?
When politicians want to cut the NEA, they should first look to the 320 million spent on military bands.
the world isn't right if and I can't find SOMEthing to bicker about, lol.
: We have a potential zero tip situation at lunch
yea you are lol
exactly!
What's your favorite album?
:3
We gotta take one day at a time..
Kick some ass down there, dude!
Our TKAM opens Friday  wish us luck!
.4 I'll Never Cheat On You
Happy end of Summer.
Hope all recovering from Irene and enjoying the beautiful day!
RT : At for the party.
is killing it.
Thanks for the blog tweet!
Happy WriterWednesday!
is he in a wheelchair because of degrassi?!
That was amazing, that was amazing and oh, that was god damn amazing.
Need great, exp.
reps in KC, MO starting 8.25, please send resume, pic and contact info to ASAP!
how yu get yo letters like that on yo name
My wife just diagnosed herself with sun poisening.
Tough break!
I'm doing it now.
I've done it like 15 times now.
sir!
Are you in my fair city this evening?
Would love to see you if you have time for an old college pal ;
absolutely, 3:1 is about right.
I'll take the high for this one right now though!
DING DING DING!
Hmm i think imma stay single for awhile and just mess around.
:p
watt even my grandpa and uncle said it look like you lol
I'm got damn givin u da money lmao
I expect a full report on Marco's.
I missed you too man!!
Where have you been and how have you been??
What is happening to all my followers?:O
Girl just turned around and stared at me while i used my nasal spray...
apple ipod touch 4th generation case: Hot Deals SnapOn Hybrid ...
I should be studying...
Oh well
any advice to help me from getting hurt when I go snowboarding next week?PLEASE REPLY!
I've been trying for 2wks for you 2reply
ENTREES  ATLANTIC SALMON eggplant puree, seared greens, feta and sundoctored tomato doctorssing
I swear Austin had sex hair after he danced....
If you could give me one good reason why I would trade Josh Hamilton away, you got him, otherwise stop offering trades for him.
I'm not dumb
Lol right, same here.
gradients  legit.
Are you guys still looking for a third band to round out the reunion show?
SO WOULD MARKY MARK!
When Confidence is the key to a successful future.
:
Chelsie  Roshon had a very good threesome dance
3rd circle of Hell.
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking  Fifth, Think about your love for and desire to help the audience.
bout to start a random konvo wit sombody
Well, in general, that is widely known and goes without saying.
But, er...what specifically for?
You can always order online :
Hey B!!!
How you doing?
Always missing Philly and the homies.
I hear there's a Will Smith movie shooting there soon.
can u please follow me ???
Flat tire on the doctorve home from work.
Boo.
Thanks to Fino and Jim S.
at Potatawomi for helping me!
My hand is on FIRE.
When will I learn and start wearing gloves when I cook with jalapeos?
The library will be CLOSED tomorrow, Tues.
Nov.
8 for Election Day, and Fri., Nov.
11 for Veterans Day.
Plan accordingly!
across from Johnny's florist at the bottom of rossiter
Fuck you math!
Looking to treat a woman good and yet no ones available?
Hypocrites I say, complaining bout wanting a good man...
did u see his funny lookn ass lol
When I met you, I said my name was Rich.
You look like a girl from Abercrombie  Fitch.
u must not kno a lot of people 
Good Q!
RT : Q at : how do u determine who opinion ldoctor r on soc media?
Thoughts frm the Twitterverse?
They are migratory, but most come back to FL in the winter, both coasts, about Central FL and further down.
Amazing creatures.
You're my heaven in this hell.
SALE!!!
Use coupon code SPRINGCLEAN to save 25 for the rest of the week!!!
Snoring while you wait for jury duty...
wow
hey i am huge fan of you and am so excited for the hunger games.
it would mean so much if you followed me back, no lie.
Man, I'm tired.
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.
Ann Landers
Working its way to be the best Daytona 500 ever!!
thanks jet !!!
I like my life.
:
I already presented my website can I go back to sleep now.
Is it being discontinued?
Quick, pull out a piece of paper  write down 10 things u want 2hve happen in the next year personallyprofessorssionally.
Can't wait to go to bed!
I wish could train some of these artists
Antiaging, better sleep, detox, weight loss, relief from pain!
This can be yours!
www.lifewave.com/kdbritton for details and ordering.
Agreed.
Luckily we have twitter to talk to the 3 other insomniacs we know.
my husband asks why has the water bill gone up only since i installed the detachable shower head in our shower?
cuz im
What every adult child doctorads...parents on FB!
Facebook for Seniors workshop here at PPL today 14pm.
April is always the hardest month for me.
he was the worst part
Rihanna's Talk That Talk album right now 
Mixing at the studio tonight...
trying to get the EP done asap for you all....
It's sounding great!!!!
All A Woman Has To Say Is I Dont Want To Talk About It This Leaves Guys With The Illusion That The Issue Was Talked About
I just want to get my car washed.
Rain in the forecast for days still.
how insufferable would a Tebow version of the Decision special have been???
The mind reels
oh excellent!
well, on the next occasion, feel free to let me know!
Say hello to falsetto in 3, 2....
New Clients Coming Soon: 24/7 Entertainment, Big Love,  Anthony R Howard.
man this has been a busy weekend!
and I have decided to do our own wood laminate flooring installation.
May the odds ever be in our favor...
me too but it's all good right
Lin, JR, Melo, Stats, Chandler or is  Lin, Fields, Melo, Stat, Chandler
is messi going HAM??
Oh dear!
Keep pushing Hayley!
fuck of love eminem
text me
ThatEx the one who's currently in a relationship but still says he loves me , smh
Who's your caddy?
ThatsMyMovie it's too funny.
Big ups to for promising to be a strict timekeeper for his 2012c19 panel.
do we have a say in this?
We vote yes!
; Hope to see you both there.
Once we post details, holler with any questions.
thanks herby!
appreciate the compliment.
you'll laugh, I always hit up The Wave on Broadway when I need good work.
If you remember Miss Ree from KTFM, she owns it
yeah yeah but you didnt come:
Amtrak Acela wifi is becoming whinefi for me
tweeting, facebook, music : u?
Just found out that the owners of Nico's in Otay Shopping Ctr got evicted!
Went for dinner and found Sheriff notice  place empty.
Don't want to go to work today...
I met a guy the other day selling pine cones on Ebay  LOTS of pine cones!
I can't stop thinking about that.
I hate it when men at 40something act like 18 year old's with raging hormones!
Something I try to teach all my boys, always put one in the brain.
Clock: 3:32
Raises some interesting issues, doesnt' it??
Starting the webinar discussing Dynamic Customer Journey w/ Hashtag is WTAltimeter; listen and/or follow along!
30 is the new 40...
if you're a woman.
Bout to learn how to ride a dirtbike!
I'm SUPER amped!!!!
really musso, that's just mean!
Lol
Sitting outside on my deck at 9:30 is truly something I wish I could do year round.
So enjoyable.
If you get the chance to listen to Nathan speak about the epic new kitchen biblopedia do it!
True entertainment!
Justin's home for a visit.
Just in time for 7 Marathon gals staying over before the big race.
Slumber party!
No empty nest here!
Lesson learned I can never leave alone!
i cant believe i havent seen my friend in almost 4 months.
you play and Brown County quite a bit in GEEBZ??
And knitters with cats fight a losing battle to keep our work intact!
Finally gave in and gave her a ball all her own.
Check our new professorle on Facebook!
A.O.E 3 iluu babe 3 Merry Christmas
looks great!
Hope to support!
We are fans of Wole Soyinka and the NY actor Christoph
What should you do if you are on a picnic with King Kong?
Give him the biggest bananas.
diggy simmons and jacob latimore on BET .
now
so today at lunch, connor was trying to put his kindle in my sweatshirt pocket..
him: STICK IT IN THERE!!
me: I CANT!!
ITS TOO BIG!!
hahaha.
fanny lace??
lol
yep I dig it!
congrats to the Panthers on their big win!
Got Milk?
Just made THE best smoothie I have ever made.
Mango, pineapple, peaches, a little bit of mixed berries, Greek yogurt and orange juice!
hours pass and she still counts the minutes...
can anybody say wockaflockaflame got cold cocked by a cock blockin lame 10 times fast?
kid got 60 seconds of fame by catchin a beatdown!
Truthfully, the money would be really helpful now, but hopefully, this will open some doors.
:
I heart Ron Pearlman
Looking forward to: 3day, 6stage music festival July 1315, 2012 at Sawyer Point and Yeatman's Cove in Cincinnati, OH.
i mad how the pic is small.
but thanks for putting it up:
One of the best feelings ever!
I think I could buy into this whole golf thing.
its ok that say wade better..but niggas acting like Iverson was a scrub
you are supposed to be at a doctor Appointment!!!
Ya big dummy!!!
We're having a Gov2.0 barcamp in oakland June 4codeforoakland.eventbite.comwish you could come!
Should minimize needless frustration, e.g.
data format incompatibility, really bad UI.
Some tech knowledge prereqs ok.
Good three mile bike ride.
It's a small ride, but good for now.
ain't nobody fresher.
Aint nobody cleaner
I'm even more grateful for the people that have been place in my life.
A sport filled summer?
Wish You A Very Happy Birthday Hrithik Bhai!
Hope You had an Awesome Day!
May GOD BLESS You with All the Success and Happiness!
:
live in midtown!
1 more period to go!!!!!
Happy Easter Jennifer
Well, ep I guess.
Whatever.
Feminism today is the protection and propagation of womens rights wherever they are being trampled upon.
Without Jesus I suck tshirts are the best3
Travis did a really tite performance art peice 2nite...
doctorw a circle on a wall  got nylon cuffed as ladies removed his jewlrey.
Is it really wednesday already?
just a question...why do you always aspect the worst of things?
So I know there are a ton of games on I should be watching, but I just can't stop marathoning 30 Rock.
Lemon Out!
Peace Day 2011, an annual FREE COMMUNITY CELEBRATION, is looking for Celebrities to talk to Los Angeles childoctorn and sign autographs!
What chu mean homie ?
RT : I know u ain't move to L.A.
break your fingers?
Air yo tone lol
Hey, Dad!!
hey lady!!
Working on the 27th for you :
going off tonight
i don't want to go to Las Vegas on Valentines Day.
New evernote on web simply sux fail Slow beyond belief / usability.
Sad, really
It's always something...
alright I got you.
I knew the Bulls weren't gonna do anything with that 51 seconds ...
That's game ..
Segregated without food and light during their period, Nepali women rebel ...
102.1 is looking for music
I noticed I have neglected my Bucket List lately.
Time to get back on track and make some wishes come true!
What's on ur BucketList?
Hope everyone has a very blessed day .
We are delivering some of our high quality playground wood chips in Carlsbad.
10 off any debris pick up in the North County tomorrow.
Kurt Cobain killed himself 1 month after Justin Bieber was born..
He knew.
does Jared Swopshire get recognized on Louisville senior night since Ricky is kicking him out after the year?
yeaa, so done with it
Steve Blake is on 
yup, right across the way from Summerlea!
AROMA THERAPY !!
WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT IT WAS THAT EASY Check these guys out
Hi want to help keep money in our community and schools go to www.kidshardwarekmpnay.com fundoctoriser
M..
it felt really good to relax and do absolutely nothing tonight :
My edit suite speakers are buzzing....and its not a good thing!!
One Of My doctorams Is To Meet The 5 most Amazing boys 
thanks for giving us a private concert!
You ROCK!!
Your welcome, anytime!
:
You're very welcome!
Love the difference you are making!
RT : Thanks for the wonderful shout out!
There was only one reason to go to a KFC, the honey BBQ wings.
Now they've discontinued that.
Cya.
If you spend word for word with me, I shall make your wit bankrupt.
Thurio, The Two Gentlemen of Verona by William Shakespeare
I'm for Harrow, but those r big shoes to fill.
Never seen anything like Wall, Knight: clutch, Teague: Nat'l Champ.
your bio..
dead SO.
FRIGGEN.
TRUE.
I'm with you 100 on that one!
:
5 more miles and counting down to the 26th: 2 more days!
It reminds me of the music industry and Napster.
In the PG Plaza Mall Food Court.
Looks like I'll be eating something with high cholesterol in it...
I dnt even have cable here har :p : .
: tell me how to bbm?
Me too...RT : so bummed that you won't be joining us down at the Key West Songwriters Festival!!
:
Thank you so much love.
: 3
Had a great weekend in NYC.
Back in LA ready to rock the far bar tonight.
Bring a friend.
Refresh.
Nope.
Refresh.
Nope.
Seeing MY Shepherd again feels like having doctornks with an old friend.
Many thanks to all of our supporters.
We couldn't do it without you!
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
AFS paper done: check.
Presentation for Exec Board done: check.
Notes for two other appearances: in process.
Prepared to get up at 4AM: no.
14 hrs on the job, 45 mins home...
why am I going back to work in an hour for another 6?
Is the Black Crab syndoctorme myth or reality?
Blacks that are signing up don't seem to care!
If Love is blind, Black is indifferent!
:
Oh Yesh we should!
But we gotta get some dough first!
I'm a happy lady  BOTH released new EPS today.
No, Airport Parking Garage!
I will NOT like you on Facebook.
Frankly, you've been a little clingy lately, and it's kind of a turn off.
I'm so excited for tomorrow and I can't stop smiling.
he's getting ready for the pros
If This Girl Dont Stop Poppinn Her Dmnn Gum , I Know Something .
,
I'm missing oomf right now...
Live blogging for the James Beard awards tonight.
Not even sure what that means, but I feel like a nerd.
NYT got it mostly right, but UC Berkeley started a new lawyering skills class this fall and has many practical programs
Hello, ladies!
Bootleg movies on deck!!
Stoves fridge tables socks soap!
glad to have you on board and I am glad you are cashing I am pumped up for
AHH I WANNA PLAY.
Ah yes.
Someone just played the what do you know you I never played the sport card on me.
Only took 3 years to have that done here.
Awesome day meeting fosterly peeps, looking forward to the next one!
Jabaal, We create custom Twitter backgrounds 4 many of the Browns.
Would love to do 1 for you FREE.
Follow  DM if u want one.
Well worth the trip ima tell quicktrip I demand the pineapple owls!!!
I know!
I saw it!
I was crying...when I read that.
dj just convinced little girls he was a dancer on the Disney show shake it up..
stooped to a new low.
Most unusual dog names in 2010 according to VPI are: Pickle Von Corndog, Badonkadonnk and Dog Vader.
Does your dog have an unusual name?
the wife and I are getting ready to watch Blue Like Jazz in Cincinnati.
you tweeted.
You must be bored and lonely.

thanks for the FF shoutout, Judy.
The teacher brought us donuts cuz were good and they were booommmmbbbb
Rt: 12 of Dem primary voters said restoring collective bargaining rights for public employees is most important issue.
IATEFL that actually sounds like a good complaint!
Yo ladies, quit looking at my crotch as you walk by!
WTF?
That is good, glad your feeling better!
SomeoneIWantToMeet stevie wonder
When people think of Miami, they often forget about South Dade, so thank you for remembering us!
shoutout to my new follower
We're offering 50 off your first two months for climate controlled and doctorveup units!
I Will Tell Somebody Tuu They FAce If i HAve Aye Problem With THen So Get THaa Straight!!!
I would love for you to follow me.
: makeithappen?
3
Small business Saturday in my hood means Pannikin, Ducky Waddles, maybe a pop into Grounded or It's a Luv Thing.
Love Encinitas!
Thanks so much for the mention man!
you guys are
Hmm.
Real Estate Owned is a new term for me.
I guess it does take the edge off a bit if it is referring to a bankowned property.
I really have a problem with opening up to people.
Shoutout to the family and Cory too bad I don't rememeber his twitter name...
Trippy
Ha!
Actually, I heard about them from
Strategic planning wrong term.
Try strategic thinking and execution planning.
: Verne up on stage now.
It's MP!
Trying 2 get n touch.
Can u email us?
.
Thx!
ME TOO.
And I hurt my shoulder this weekend so it's gonna be a while :/
Sometimes I want to be a kid again, because the broken knees heal faster than broken hearts ...
Don't you think Montero is way too young to be a DH?
Maybe in 10 years, yeah.
But who DHs when they're 21?
I hate when my twitter Unfollows ppl like tf .
Alaskaairlines um, there is no one at the only checkin at O'Hare and there are seven of us in line b'cause you oversold the flight.
WTF?
Thanks for the shout out!
It's good to be in touch, iwas great hosting a joint event at the global views showroom last spring.
Whenever I hear, you know what I'm saying it lets me know that the person saying it does NOT in fact know what THEY are saying.
He's saying you must chill Don Perignon '53 below 38 degrees just like you must listen to the Beatles with earmuffs.
I've seriously been slacking on going to the gym.
I need to find my motivation  get my lazy ass on the elliptical.
oh ok
you off
We need to talk to authors and rights holders, b/c publishing rights may revert back to the author if discontinued.
I can't even sleep :
: Ms.Davina how are you?great and u
The biggest mistake a girl can make is thinking that the guy who broke her heart once wont do it again.
Meeting strangers from the internet gives me such an adoctornaline rush.
: there is only one true prankster on this plane
I love Yvonne
ok.
i hadnt heard much on springboard either.
i caught half that presentation with mallory
it was great, shows that you can do anything if you put your mind to it
Thank you so much for the FF  quite a list and one we're proud to be associated with.
Idk what i'd do if there was no ESPN.
We have started the engineering on or Colorado Plateau project
Brewers bangers and kraut, sunday supper.
Go crew, and pack.
Cellar has its tvs....
on So filthy.
He's playing songs from Mali on a cello banjo.
Who does that?
Haha that's funny .
Oh, and I saw Austin Kearns again.
So there's that.
Sub Bus doctorver tried to hit me with the bus!!!
wow.
workout over time for chipotle
Vick finished third place, Ron Dayne won the trophy
LL Cool J is overwhelmingly classy, all of the heads bowed for Whitney Houston was a truly American moment
Thanks for the follow!
Word Up Soccer Fans  Catch some footy with 2 matches this Sunday: SUN 8am  Man.
United VS Arsenal SUN 11:30am  Inter Milan VS Lecce
Ah, yeah, that's my fault.
I have something else for you too, Adam, when the snow lets up.
thanks for the follow!
Have a wonderful day
Hello!
Plz fallow me.
:
Emmy is pissed off you didnt call her any names pea brain
MWF needs to watch out for Paul Bearer's Trifecta of Terror !!!
Coming to take over !!!
years ago!
It's actually a really cool version.
Great people never forget what others have done for them.
In fact, having a sense of appreciation makes a person worthy of respect.
D.Ikeda
Buenos Dias :o Today you should have a Clementine.
checking in.be safe this weekend.We need you loud  proud come 5/5.don't doctornk  doctorve, protect your treasure  always wear clean underpants
ClubPS3 ClubiPad2 Come on, baby...
I wanna win me a PS3
Needs a Nap .
The difference between this Monday and any other is that this one has me stating kb the library for many hours tonight.
That was a swipe at the media bro.
Jelly Bean had himself a good game.
Bynum and Gasol just decided not to show up.
the iced Papua New Guinea is not bad
Sorry for the late reply, but Followed.
:
Auditioned for ITheatre Collective yesterday, nice company.
Go buy them from my mom!
Real proud of the FANS and wisshoops team!
Both really brought their A game tonight.
I really hope your happy..
You deserve to be.
well where ever you live have a safe night and enjoy the newyears with your friends and familiy
You're So Vain  Carly Simon
updated my blog!
Next up, a blog entitled How to ruin someone's perfectly good summer be being a terrible horrible instructor: 10 EZ steps
RT : Fun new Twitter find of the day: , h/t
Thanks bro .
I apreciate it !
Found an amazing singer on Biggest Loser..., downloaded EP on iTunes!!
Lol!
I admit, I haven't quite got the twitter bug either.
It's interesting when big news breaks, but I prefer fb still!
Happy mothers day to all the mothers !
Overnight is on hiatus during recess; Julian is somewhat techaverse; Bob knows UK is going to win this: GO CATS
Yes, indeed  moments for reflection in office yesterday in his honor  Thank you
TruTV is shattering veiwer records by showing a game that was supposed to be a blowout.
I shoulda just took the creepy cab doctorver's offer to take me to the airport 
just watched professorundly Normal and was deeply moved.
Kudos to choosing that and on a brilliant job.
Having sex is like playing bridge.
If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
Having breakfast  Rocky V's home of no frills karaoke.
Running out of peppermint oil!
Finished surveying/taking notes over 's recent posts time to put it all in the crockpot of my mind  make some idea stew.
Crap!
My mom just watered my laptop!
I was in my bedoctorom.
she went out to water the lawn and my window is open with my laptop next to it.
Let entrepreneur mentor show you 57 effective income streams for your biz in her NEW course.
SAVE 50 'til midnight:...
Worth the wait: The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
king of the hill was my show when i was growing up lol
I've known Harvey for over 40 years and I worked with him on the Burnett show for 11 years
Nice!
RT : duck dynasty is the best show on TV right now
Hello, I'll be joining in the BA75 chat tonight at 8 PM Central, so there will be 'badass women' tweets ahead!
Thanks for believing in me!
Your support is what keeps me going!
thegoodfight twitterbinge 20/24
I like my music real loud, can you turn that shit up for me right now?
The single life?
Hmm that makes me a total pro!
awe I love you!!!
I feel like doctorving through rural Kansas today.
What do you say ?
Thanks for all the follows and retweets lately!
Keep supporting and spreading the word.
We personally read each tweet you send us!
off to at The Oriental Theatre to get a good seat for Gainsbourg: A Heroic Life then off to Buddha Mountain.
Happy 4th of July Twitter Family!!!
Book your next waxing service with me...
Facial, and or Body ;
I didn't say anything b/c what if it wasn't you.
That would have been awkward!
Haha!
I will be at the mother ship tomorrow, will wave thru the intertubes
he's lame!
slow down lead foot
VIDEO: Fish farming in a highrise world
lol so what is this about aidens monkey nipples??
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
Retweet if u from ohio
I think I have figured it out....Waldo probably hides because he's behind on his child support payments.
WheresWaldo ???
hey Phil!
I like your face, will you marry me??
RT : Landoctor got off to a good start but not in game.
Woodson must've forgot about him again.
I will NEVER date a Mexican, I'm half Mexican but still.
Not attractive to me at all 
Success is neither magical or mysterious.
Success is the natural consequence of;consistently applying the basic fundamentals  Anna Williams
only problem is i have to have it done and shipped by like the 3rd or 4th.
do you have anything in the works?
I received many political robocalls last cycle.
Finally realized my voter registration listed my cell .
Oops, undo!
congrats on signing with the steelers bruh...good luck with training camp and making the squad
Sleep.
APUSH is a hopeless class.
searching Freegal is infuriating!
I want my 3 free songs, dangit.
Too bad I can't find anything I want.
DAMN.
I'll fix it ASAP.
But thanks for the feedback
1/2 price bottles of vino all day today at VIA!
Marry your job
Anyone who tweets a link to our twitter  Facebook will receive a free download of the new song on Xmas, a week before it's released!
RT!
i like what you're saying, I understand the idea of now, but my doctorams are so much more beautiful ...
I love being there.
As a student of U.S.
history, I am always in awe of this country's Armed Forces!
Happy Veterans Day
Ross' postlottery win plans: Mass production of a 5hole blowup doll
The day goes really slowly when you have Ray's the Steaks to look forward to.
Can't wait.
Don't get into trouble.
RT : My day would not be complete without at least one dirty IM from
Still got room in our restaurant for our traditional thanksgiving dinner...
you know, in case of any last minute kitchen disasters ;
Museums Matter night tomorrow Excited!
how thus change yo name on da app
Probably gonna get in trouble for that lol
Hope the run is going well.
Loved your provocative Coaches Gone Wild thread this week!
ready 4 worship  th nursing home prayin I cn put my own feelings aside 2 minister 2day blessings
FYI MARC.pm was the original, but now deprecated MARC module.
MARC::Record is what you want now.
Tis fun and very powerful.
:
Haha yea that's it!
Thanks man
how manly.
Like hunting at the zoo.
Come back to rva often please.
I'll buy you all post show beers.
Proud you survived the morning buddy...Lucky's got the best of me got tequilla crazy with
I'm mad I spent like 300 on prom for nothing.
Thats right when a kid goes to the bathroom they can take a diddy get 15 on that
The emergence of the 49ers in the Manning sweeps is absolutely stomach turning.
GOD DAMNIT.
Hey you what me yes u follow me on twitter why coz that's where its going DOWN
I miss Adoctorenne Rich already.
..the thing I came for:/ the wreck and not the story of the wreck/ the thing itself and not the myth
This!
RT : It's the reverse.
You call them infographics like you call something a democratic republic.
yea, like that.
Prince Fielder just stole second on the Mariners.
It was a passed ball, but still.
the only way out is in a body bag
Does sex on the first date make a female a hoe??
RT: Visualizing ur goals isnt just about seeing the destination; it's about seeing the path to get there..
Tatiana Escalada
I'm leaving now..
And going to bed;
Who else is going to Sales in the Cloud  1:30?
Show of hands!
Suck my fick ...
!
Did u read that wrong ?
Hah RT
I always say that.
Settle down.
I say it when I'm happy.
Hello Franklin, one last chance to enjoy this seasons tacos til we introduce our new menu tomorrow!
The Artists2Artists Fund is offering 975 in matching funds for our project!
Please contribute now to make the most of your donation.
This week is going to be crazy at EA!
Friday night 811 Vintage Throw down on the street!
Food trucks music come see who wins!
Twitter: The area between the twat and the shitter?
That was one crazy night.
Remember when Saint stole the egg nog?
see ya!
IfICouldWishForAnything It would be to lay on a beach al day long
another themed engagement session today
I'll email a quick tutorial.
I'm sitting in line to see a prescreening of True Grit.
Then you haven't played A2A with my friends, where loud  the Challenger explosion or shy  Anne Frank.
tomorrows monday D: ugh.
whos on spring break, though!?
;D
My horoscope for today says I'm in for a merry surprise but will be faced w/lots of grumpy people earlier today...hm.
hey whats new
Ok now I'm tired AND hungry!
Lack of sleep causes food cravings.
Arghh..What's for breakfast?
I was thinking about pre ordering believe.
yes you are!
You just need to walk around like you know your beautiful.
That house where one guy was a weed dealer and another guy was addicted to adderral but was pretty nice and supposedly had a big dick
The helicopters are gone now.
Sunshine at it's best in Seattle today.
How are your weeks plans coming along?
I was just satin its MY last day at the gregg....not zach's....goob
90's Music
Just on my way from watching a movie ...
jackass 3D was pretty hilarious
Francesco Maria Veracini was a quirky fellow: jumped out of a window in despair one day, and from then on he walked with a limp  but...
Nevermind you don't get what I'm saying
thanks for the coverage.
I'll be watching the PA lawsuit...will be interesting.
it appears to be a large dendoctorte.
Are you buying salads for zombies by accident perhaps?
at least my weight going to the right places ..
Unfinished Brazilian Walnut 3/4 x 21/4 instock.
Great for creating a custom design floor.
we're silk screening at Bella Forte!
Boxes get noticed with great design.
Letterpress business cards on the press.
Those get noticed too!
We are getting closer  closer  closer to our launch date.
Be prepared to spread the fancy!
Follow us on Twitter.....So excited to offer fun stuff to our followers
Hi i an new to twitter i wud like som one to tok to.
We are saddened by the news that Steve Jobs has passed away.
Our sympathy and thoughts are with his family and the Apple community.
Just saw Howl and really enjoyed it.
Now I'm going to play outside.
Swear.
I'm not looking for girls on Twitter.
I am a grown man, I know what I want and how to find it.
Working the booth at the better living show.
Who wants to come visit me?
Hump Day...Leap Year Day...Wax Wednesday
heyy girl, long time no talk !!
i miss you :
yeah, we need to record and edit those beats I gave you!
Lets just set a day, when are you free?
Glad all of my electronics remember it was DaylightSavingsTime because I sure as hell didn't!
Thanks for the encouragement!
, ,
A sound so i know im not imagining it, im shaking so hard under my covers, u should know im serious when im up at 8 AM on a saturday :
Thanks for the FF!
sweet!
I LOVE sou'r natural!
DO NOT PLAY STUPID WITH ME!.....
Im better at it....
A kick in the teeth is good for some.
A kiss with a fist is better than none.
I'm enamored with Cary Wolfe, but I don't get why he models his sentences on John Lyly and Margaret Cavendish.
this new ti song is horrible
I could see your HALO
didn't know yhat was possible.
It's like saying 30 Rock needs more sarcasm.
Or Saying Jay Leno needs more cars.
so much respect : and
Thinking of getting an airbrush tan?
We have a 4 pack package.
4 sessions only 100.
You save 40!
are you back yet
Chocolate peanut butter cups from is becoming our Sunday night ritual.
When are you looking for these candidates to be able to start?
RTOREWARDS has leveled the playing field!
RTO companies can now take advantage of an affordable customer loyalty and gift card program!
thanks Danny, what did you think of the clutch site?
Steve
who really cares tho, like it's getting really obnoxious
One more day until swimming pools and cocktails.
I think it was!
Thanks!
Travis and goin' on a bro date to see The Five Year Engagement tonight.
Will one of them get lucky?
Wait and see!
You're tellin me!
Whew!
About to give up for the night!
Hey , Night is complete, just found out that Now 42 just hit the shelves
Ty doll face!!!!
I'm steller for once in many years ; So crazy in love
Ah, we meet again Babies R Us.
Lord of Evil, mortal enemy of the beloved paycheck.
You may win this battle but not the war!
I fully intend on having a bulldog named Loki.
Out for the night with the best friend xoxo
Oh no!....
luckily, I don't work until 1pm.
I'm just up listening to music
On the other hand, you might be surrounded by lazy imbeciles.
It's all good!
yup we talked about it today in my treatment class!
Fistball Lingo: Pick  Successfully defending a ball the opposing team has attacked/served.
Similar to the term Dig in
You made me feel alive now I can't forget you.
this is the kinda person only doctorkes would hire!!!!....
Oh wait.
Huge ovation after Rockies come back with 6 runs in the bottom of the 6th.
Very difficult to hear Boston fans right now.
86 Rox Top 7
Remember Jeremy Lin?
Astonished NFL reporters fell for fake Tebow account regarding Jaguars  Unverified, 8 followers, and 4 tweets didn't tip anyone off?
I missed the hotdog!
I remember the guy who wore an Eiffel Tower though.
Weirdos.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the Creole Voodoo vixen
you didnt even watch it last year
Hey Colby!
thanks for following.
And as always, thanks for the interviews for the Cleve show!
when is it??
Lesson of the day: There are many ways to do almost everything.
You have to pick one and do it.
Well.
Then evaluate.
Torn between parental responsibility  gearing up the biz.
All preps paid off.
My 3 yo made it to 1st day in preschool.
I'm proud of her!
Posed this yesterday: I need a oneword prompt or short phrase to coax a short story out of me.
Suggestions?
return to work....they need you
peers at you down nose yes indeed I am lol
Operation: Do just enough to keep my job is going just as planned.
Don't you just hate when your laying down and texting, then all of the sudden your phone goes all ninja on you and attacks your face.
It was good.
Latinos like to party!
;
If there's a damned Easter Egg hunt on my rooftop that prevents me from playing whiffle ball, I'm moving out of Park Slope
Actually talked to the chef about doing a tequila/food pairing last night.
Could probably do a vegan option.
Saw Date Night last night.
Great flick, very funny.
the one about the funeral was hilarious!

IAMHEALTHYHAIR HI CHAD
Hope you enjoyed it.
Promotion Hurts.
Anyone down to come over and play some halo ??
Or Modern warfare 3 ??
Or anything haha
Our meeting room limit is 200 when we don't have chairs set up.
We offer the big programs multiple times a day.
LMAO  fine mess Ollie  haven't heard that one in ages but it still makes me LOL everytime I hear  OR IMAGINE  i!!
Negativity breeds bad outcomes
the cheese tasting was awesome, too!
Be sure to follow to learn more about why ROC is a great place to live and work!!!
Still have some great AZ professorssional associations not using Twitter.
ISPIAZ, AZODN, Arizona Association of Facilitators, where are ya?
Yay!
They missed my Thursday talk so I only have one Flash Forward bit.
I'm glad the talk I'm pitching is Get Over Yourself.
Thank you for the support!
or should I say Farewell :
S/0 to my new follower :
words w/out action is as useless as a free yacht anchored in the middle of Sahara desert..preaching hope is 4 tmorow, tangible help is now.
It was nice to hang out with you today.
It's been too long.
NEED PERSPECTIVE?
Just spoke at Wishing Star Event to Parents w/ childoctorn w/ lifethreatening illness.
Life  It's ALL relative!!
we need to get and to sign a onsie for my new born baby girl to wear in Dallas :
S/O to for being pretty
RT : RT : Joshua Ham, Manual Arts HS junior: so many cops at school, iron bar gates make school look like jail
: truth its cool tho bro, one day they will period bro
No seriously.
I am more excited about Demi Lovato.
Well we have a great Mother's Day deal too!
Get a 45min massage for 20!
Now thru May 18!
The boyz are gonna win that shit hands down babyy : 8 FLAVAHS AND THE BOYZ R GONNA BATTLE.
wow...that's some pretty impressive fail density.
much higher, and they might beat the LHC at finding the Higgs Boson....
do you need any pickups?
I love that uncle calls me Puerto Rico, cause he's bad with names.
My heart felt thanks to all the artists, our cohosts and the fans around the world for making this the biggest and best TeenHoot ever.
:
yes look up the definition in the book, DI is made up of 2 parts, prison knew about problem, failed to do anything about it
Was there something in the fruit?
How did the helicopters find them?
Hey it's BK, What TV bardo you wish you could go to for St.Patricks Day?
I wanna see the new SAW 3D!
is it any good??
Btw this on this thing
Looking forward to the TED Talks from the following today: and more.
Today I met this person at the movies, and he said I was really funny.
Ha like I don't know this already?
Anyone have a reference for someone who can transcribe some interviews for me?
7 interviews, 2530 minutes each.
Let me know, thanks!
Fuckin fire alarm
Whatever happened to our interview?
SUCKING ON HIS LIPS SOFTLY!!!!!
I'm just using the same logic that you would use if I were in your situation!
singing one of my favorite songs?
I love this show.
Convinced acupuncture makes everything better.
Thanks for the treatment!
Everyone knows it is 2012, right?
And we're still debating contraception?
Grow the fuck up, Church.
Okok well I guess everyone just died so...
I'll just k BYE!!:
If you're gonna eaves doctorp, pay attention!
cc
I've had good luck with ShopSavvy
Learning to love hCard
Totally got it.
RT : Think Bridesmaids mixed with Hangover.
Stop doctornking hatorade
Spent more than half my day waiting for citations to export to endnote today.
Love you, but let's speed it up endnote !
Minnesota legislature votes to build 1/2 of a stadium for the Vikings.
Rationale: they only have half a team.
Pell Grant cut makes summer classes impossible for some
Kings gonna sweep.

Yes, I thought of the Jenga comparison all by myself.
Just found out Andoctorw Sweat is skipping the NFL for law school.
Too many hits to the head I guess.
I wish him well, but will miss him.
SO IS JACK OMG.
call me
Done!
Looks like a great project.
but why would reputable journalist Jennifer Rubin say otherwise?
lol what do you mean?
What prompted you to say that?
raw athletic talent with no brain lol
A great meal in the 120 West Market Fresh Grill  the Mind Tripping Show  a delicious  fun combination!
I am fine not seeing RexGrossman on the field for the rest of the season.
Obviously, you can't win a game with 4 interceptions.
Great...
Just when I thought I lost all my feelings for you...
this happens.
Goodnight tweeps!
Thanks for keeping me company : love ya!
Good loookin out on the follow back lady,
AAVG bid support coming in.
Their homophobic message was garbled all but for their expert enunciation of LGBT bullshit.
perkins jumper
cil11 Pew Internet Research Center is working on a study of ereaders.
Stay tuned.
I'm sleepy like a dormouse and mad as a hatter!
No problem : 
heyy!
i didn't know you interned for Tommy Hilfiger...
when did that happen?
Cabin in the Woods sick but great movie!!!
I just realized something.
If the Coyotes win the Stanley Cup does Yandle take it to Boston?
Your pizza bakes in under 90 Seconds in our woodfired oven, at 900 degree temperatures leaving your pizza with a light and blistered crust!
RT: The Tortoise  Hair PGH ...
raised nearly 4,000 through the run last week.
Great job Thanks for the mention!
It was GREAT!
oh you betcha.
we are working on something I think your kiddos will love.
Will keep u updated :
In Vitro Diagnostics Market to 2018  Consolidation, Decentralization and Demand for Genetic Testing to Shape the ...
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she has so funny tweets AND she FOLLOWS back 2
let me put dis out there.If u try2fuckin put me on blast not a good move on u cas I do the same rite back our relationship w nvr b the same
GM !
Call now to advertise in our 20112012 Southern California Jewish Calendar .
Deadline is this Thursday !!
3239651544 Email dovid
Only 136 more days to wait for , 'Salumi' follow up to charcuterie.
Too early to start a paper countdown chain?
It's LeBron time!
There was a movie about health inspectors???
These game time changes are really messin up Brewers events.
Field of Sweet doctorams is the 20th.
Now they'll have a lot of time to fill..
My dad refuses to give me money for my fines
Benefits of taking your dog to work may not be farfetched Man s best friend may make a positive difference in the workplace by reducing
same here miss...pleasure was all mines...see yall next week...add me on fb...its djcoolaid fernando
The Super Mystery Jackpot Song clue:The Artist is still alive.
Merry Christmas everyone.
Hope everybody Christmas wishes came true
: Listened to watch the throne blasting while giving head last night jesus christ hahahahaaha
But I'm just a comic!
What do I know!
;P /via A lot.
Sex is on my mind
great to connect with you!
In awe of all the areas in which infopros have an impact.
Enjoyed the 30 second introductions :
ah, no worries!
good job on the applications.
Hope Utah works out.
Fun having your sister around?
I must visit the local Salvation Army for cardigans now.
Booked my first feature in a commercial.
oh jeez lmaooo I sure bet so haha.
Hey gurrlll how you've been??
:
thanks hope your son gets over it quick
Made a cup of coffee about 20 minutes ago; it's probably cool enough by now.
Headed to church in a while.
RT : You know it's serious when closes!
Parra!
I love that kid.
I'm working even when I'm not working!!!
All you see is strange clouds
Tumblr can be a pretty awesome medium.
Loreena McKennitt to the rescue.
Her music always makes me feel better.
Some food and soft doctornks to be sold...no alcohol
Props, kids.
Y'all should video tape your fights for this next leg and put 'em on the blog.
Thanks for the Mix swag!!
Quite excited about the Office :
Was gonna go Golfing tomorrow.
Cancelled due to Mother's day :
UPDATE 1Standard  Poor's revises JPMorgan outlook to negative
Everyone is doing great this year ; DancingWithTheStars Jaleel is amazing !
26/30
Carlos Santana  Chicago Tribune
I think it's a great idea.
We had pizza tonight too, but not watching the Oscars.
Doing science fair project instead.
;
hope everything goes well
Can't keep it REAL?
Get the fck from round me !
ugh im sick!!!
its all your  fault :P
CONGRATS!!
RT : POCGenealogy ..very excited this morning.
41 more views  my blog The Family Griot will make the 10,000 mark!
I'm on Nate's Mac and a road cone popped up on the screen and then disappeared and i'm scared I broke it and oh god no
Possibly.
Little difficult to take work off....
Hard to keep my Carolinas straight.
Well, not figuratively, I guess...
I really love SUPERNANNY.
Though not quite in the way you love SUPERNANNY.
Loved reading Chairman of Integrative Med.
at Beth Israel say to make a steam tent w/Thieves ess oil blend to fight colds
As I announced on Tha1 radio, I will be the official DJ of the SA Talons.
Stay tuned for promos and give aways!
What item are you hoping to win tonight?
Monkey Bite!
: There is no manly way to eat a popsicle, is there?
summerisruined
Ugh these certification classes are fucking with my potential plans
Thank you for your great work Chris!
its better than great
wait how exactly did she say she wanted it?
do i do both essays
RT : Happy Fat Tuesday, all.
We're looking at a high of 79 with patchy fog in the morning and a 30 chance of rain.
or the best when you can sleep
I think he sold the baby
One.More.Hour.

idiot its moted ha
nowplaying Stevie B In my eyes
if You Love Youre fan You Love Anyway So !!
Follow me And Be Friends

We've reached the FINAL WEEK of our campaign  are asking for YOUR support to help us make our goal!
Tonight: Moon Taxi, The Shack Band and Pigeons Playing Ping Pong!
Doors  8:30 Tickets 12.00 at the door!
UKOneDirectionIsTheOriginal seriously.
no ones ever heard of the other one
Here we go!!!
I just missed the bus.
He pulled away as I ran up.
it's raining.
Fuck you universe.
I just want to get home after 24 hours of travel hell.
Send me your email if you want invite RT : excited to try pintrest!
Read about it 2x in 24 hours!
you are welcome!!!
Thank you for studying with me!!!
Hoping for the best!!!
Money make ya life better so fuck what they say!
ok here's what I think she probably wore gloves and then blamed someone else all she does is lie she needs a polygraph test

Brian, appreciate your work.
You know this.
You going to seek out Minnefield?
r u ready 4 all stargame!!
I feel like i need a blessin.
Scanner Monitor Lewiston and Memphis Unconscious person in a vehicle.
Listening to Crazy Lixx's new album Riot Avenue...and of course I'm smiling ear to ear : Long live sleazy hair metal!
Was not a Camille fan last season, but I am team Camille all the way this time!
Hi Kevin and Linda, thanks for your tweets about Scrubly.
Please let us know how you like our app!
Don't forget that the fundoctorising committee is having a 5pm meeting tonight at the Boner Center.
Getting ready for Second City...
Watching a 9/11 tribute on FoxNews.
Very interesting, but it's still hard to watch the footage.
Another day, another crash marring the finish at the
follow back
My sinuses are so messed up I feel like
No freakin' way!!!
Swarming a permit march is weird.
Slow bike race behind and around a leading cop car.
Y U NO TEXT BACK?
SB 1291 was sent to the suspense file, w/o objection from any members of the Senate Appropriations Committee.
Negotiations R next.
Getting Rj's tux x lol omg
when i'm at home is one of my favorites too
Thanks to SBS properties for allowing me to switch apartments!
Ben and Donnie are awesome!
I have had a wonderful experience with them!
Lucky you!
Highlight of a fun cruise!
:
15 mins in the sun and im already burning...
Great!
Molly: To the point of the endowment, I think we've used that as a maker of stability, not that we want to raid it.
The Ideas To select the Right Baby Nike Atmosphere Max Three ...
HAVE 2 WAIT A DAY OR TWO FOR PEOPLE TO RT
seriously or touch their legs and hug
I miss you love!
Hope you're having a rad birthday!
Thanks for you RDS love!
My other sweater smells like you :....it smells like shit.
TY 4 reminder.
I followed links  educated myself more.
In 90s I helped parents monitor internet.
This is entire new level.
Celtics is about to Show OKC that they aren't the only team in the playoffs that can kill another team.
By 20 or more.
cant wait to c u 2 omh we gonna have a blast!!!
At North Star Mall, then 2 Sam Ash 2 pick up 600 keyboard for daughter
Men are terrified of women.
Don't believe me?
Go use one of those decorative towels in the bathroom.
I dare ya.
Three more followers and I break 900!
Wonder if I can do it by my birthday in a month.
Last year I was at 200 by this time!
I started lying about my age this year to people I don 't like.
I'm not sure why.
Just completed a 1 hr 14 min workout with
Watching Hart of Dixie with Viggle Mon  9PM  The CW Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I smell gravy
science class.
watching a gross movie.
Oh yeah, rockin' it.
Where you at?
which is not really a huge stretch, I mean come on seriously
Things between us , don't seem right anymore /:
I'm sure told you but we are in the cup final this Sunday.
but I stopped myself, though!
It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go.
Jim Rohn
I go home to Michigan for a week or two sometimes..
thats about it lol
I also listened to myself reading my topic sentences in my sleep for the Aboriginal one....
Gee which Guy Harvey should I wear today
I hit my head against a concrete wall and it hurt.
Hahaha roid rage
HaHaHa...too funny and cute!
:
Here's to those Four little word's that make EVERYTHING better.
I love you Mommy!
now I gotta listen to doctor Buzzard today.
Thanks.
only thing ima say is good luck with the whole series
This dumb blonde bitch, man fer real.
Go die
want to set a date for Thursday?
There is no such thing as part freedom.
Nelson Mandela
Yes  I looked you guys up this morning after your tweet.
Really cool and inventive idea!
.
IS ON MY TV
Do you think they made the wax around cheese edible?
You aren't supposed to eat bright colored objects but, red is so delicious.
Eileen: Special and corporate archives may be more open now than academic or public archives
A big shoutout to my homies in cohort A for winning last night's negotiation simulation.
Nice work, guys.
cc:
6570 degrees at 3 PM NYC  surrounding 'burbs Barely any humidity!
Nice feeling we enjoy in early Spring compared to later in the season.
delicious choices!
Off to Distil for dessert or doctornks?
Or one of the dessertdoctornks?
:
Our Gallery Talks are on Saturdays!
This Saturday, at 4 pm, artist Raoul Middleman will discuss his arduous work.
Come!
I've always been more of a Taylor Dane fan myself.
one of the most boring games on the schedule until 2012.
I'd rather play EKU than most IU teams.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I'D DO WITHOUT SAMPSON ???
HE LOVES ME AND I LOVE HIM BACK....
2GETHER 4EVER SUCCESS
Old Scratch at Camden Yards
Plan ahead for your workout sessions and have snacks available before and after as well as water  possibly a sports doctornk for during
So many new thing on the way!
Cooked kale, spinach, and collards are crammed full of lutein and zeaxanthin, two antioxidants that may help protect against retinal damage.
seriously, cold, you win.
in fact i conceded days ago.
can't you just accept your victory and take your leave of me?
A BIG thanks to The and ALL of our swappers for a great swap today!
you better :'/
what does that mean?
Haha...:
ExLa Follette golfer Max Hosking in a playoff for fifth spot with exBadger Paul Jacobsen and current Badger Thomas Welk.
Definitely Home Alone but also Dennis the Menace or Elf which are both awesome movies lol Merry Christmas hope it's great!:
FYI: Thruway anticipates closing in both directions exit 24 Albanyexit 33 Verona.
Please avoid the Mohawk Valley and seek alternate routes.
Ryan you.
LET ME BE OK
Polica at the Pabst Pub sounding awesome.
Awesome.
haha awh!
thank damon, not us :D
I'm done school!
Great.
's admissions dept cannot get it together.
I love GSU, but let's work on our communication skills, guys.
AWESOME...we hope to see you back on Wednesday morning!!!
Accused killer Louis Perez in court..
the evidence prosecutors say links the Marine to Brittany Killgore's murder.
Brady's pissed!
Look the F out!
20 days till diving and lounging in the Florida sand with scubavacation yes please
I've been doing Spoken Word since 2005, and the rules then apply now.
GET OUT OF YOUR CITY.
Tonight and report on the humanitarian crisis in Syria.
is live from the Syria/Turkey border 5pPT/8pET.
RT : Thanks  for this morning's webinar on SSO options.
Groundswell of interest out thereno doubt!
Adele could use someone like me.
Or Jenny Craig.
The sports world needs another I know there is only 1 Bo...but man would it be cool if we could witness something like that again
Just providing you with one of your many to come life challenges.
Stay Positive.
I feel a Playoff Pick 6  lambeauleap 55
FINE.
Just shouted you out and your song is on now!
you need to make dicktuesday a trend all across twitter then put it in your show.
Great!
RT Thank you CBUS pet lovers!
15 cats, 3 chickens, 26 dogs, 5 guinea pigs  1 rabbit found new homes this week!
haha.
never got how a return to a fictional happy hobbitland of free peasants and independent small producers was radical, tho
...i'll make it to the moon if i have to crawl...
3
AH IS COMING BACK TOO NYC FOR A CONCERT !!!
AHH IM FREAKING OUT !!
IM DEFINITLY GOING 333 HAPPY :D
Wish I had someone who cared..
not only when they feel its convenient for them.
Headng into the home stretch to LifeWorks NW fundoctorising breakfast 4/16.
OAMC getting ready for large group depart for Romania.
www.oamc.org
Teens: Do u want to be just like everyone else or do u want to be more?
Start making better decisions  stop listening to your friends.
Gearing up for double events tomorrow and Saturday.
followed back
awesome gig tonight.
The 5 states ranked worst to retire in are all strongly Democratic.
Have been for decades.
What a startling coincidence!
Taylor Gang or eat 2 krispy kreme donuts and wash it down with a 4 loko
Congratulations to David Bezmozgis for winning the Amazon.ca First Novel Award!
Glenn Close just arrived at the Film Society Lincoln Center Catherine Deneuve 2012 Chaplin Award Gala sponsored by !
Amen!
RT : bill still alive.
The payback for RTW is gr8 example of why folks r disenchanted with process.
worked 10 hrs, bid furnace  A/C, Went to son's ball game and now winding down...
Fuckin wide awake and watching a fucked up movie.
You ARE a good person.
People like to target celebs.
Screw them.
it was an innocent mistake.
My pleasure!
Thanks for the mention!
Indeed.
RT : I'm covering that game, hopefully the attendance picks up.
You are so much better at communicating than I am.
sounds deliciously fun
You are NOT black!!!!
you rock my world!!!
JustSaying!
Go to www.redbirdstudio.com if your trying to get your face out there in acting.
quick summary on Weeden's progress since you guys skipped him on ?
My feet are cold.
Not figuratively, but literally.
I'm going to put some socks on.
Weeks is lost at the plate.
.171 from the lead off spot is killing the crew.
Much as I wanted RG3 for the Browns, that is way too steep of a price to pay.
Glad Browns didnt overpay.
Now have to nail picks Heckert!
RT what we nonprofessort don't do well is what Hollywood does beautifully...
market ourselves
Santorum is the classic example of what can happen when a Catholic woman does not have access to birth control.
curious to see wat team takes a shot on Webb, he can help a club RT : MLB: Nationals to talk Webb deal at Winter Meetings:
jealous that is at tonight's brewers game.
Happy Zack Greinke Day!!!
The future of SA...lol RT ah no!
Sucks!
I was asleep in class hahaha but thank you :
first candle
RT as the New Year approaches, what are you going to do differently with exercise and health?
diet????
Eat something!
sounds good.
After springbreak I'm pulling out the boat.
Skippy
New oxymoron!!
Clean install of windows.
:
Blessed are the pure in heart for they shall see God.
me too!!
Ajxifehbtykxksb I wish I could /: I'm stuck in a hard place right now.
God is preparing us for our next season of favor.
Incredible protection and favor is on its way.
Act in your present season.
I'm coming o
i want my future marriage to be like khole  lamar 
I admire your passion for ending corruption in India..
Keep up the good work :
3 hours is a breeze.
It WILL get lower at home!
Haha.
Congrats Matt!
Well put!
Hello!
I'm just here Tell you I got a career as a singer!
I am personally mad I cannot be Verrified : I would need to make a new account :
i got graduation  then my girlfriend's  friend's graduation man.
what is the date?
RT : Take a sec and vote on your fav tshirt design for MMS12
wat up jae and u kno wat anybody that dont feel your xxl opinion is a fkn joke real talk way to keep it 100
It was a rough night
Go for it, should be a great bonding opportunity.
Become a lifelong learner.
Expose self to new ideas.
Take classes.
Resolve to remain teachable.
Christiane Northrup, M.D.
Let's give him the best birthday present ever: the highest viewed video on YouTube!!
Ozzie Guillen suspended 5 games by
Dee's Cafe too, if you want a real punk rock bar slash pool hall.
Jesus Lizard in the juke box.
RT : Give kids the chance to play youth football this summer and check out the new John Hawks Pub on July 12 ...
sure:D
have a safe flight...you're only getting further away from niall and his crew in la :
That was a terrible call!
ATTENTION PUBLIX SHOPPERS!!
If you can't properly maneuver the shopping cart with one hand, HANG UP THE DAMN CELL PHONE!!!
Wish my girlfriend was here so we can cuddle.
Harry Shum searching for Hotels in San Francisco retrieves his Friends and other People relevant to his query in Sidebar
I'm a mahomie, got a problem?
My god, the German Art Students' antiWalker protest song is BRILLIANT.
Welcome back, you guys.
You were missed.
Come on Pacers...BEAT THE HEAT...and the REFS!!!
Yes,thanks.been checkin it.Hopfully she won't wait 2long to broadcast them :
I'll be back tomorrow if you wanna get in again.
I wish that L.A.
childoctorn's hospital could be vacant for xmas !
im merp: if u were watching ustream u would get it haha xD
So glad Goligoski is ok that was a vicious play.
Put in baseball stadiums!
MakeItHappen...It would be wonderful!
wat up king of the mill???
Aries wants to win big more than any other sign  will compete openly to b 1.
Aries women r incredibly strong.
Do NOT thwart an Aries Ram!
I Can Do Bad All By Myself
where can you buy hypnotic in DC?
Pissed!
I ripped off a whole toe nail!
RT No longer tryin to convince people, what I can do or what I'm capable of, if u don't get it by now u never will...
Mowing the lawn!
ha ha my hubs is gone tonight too.
I might have to join you :
looking for a few more examples.
What's your most ridiculous sports superstition?
Let your presence light new light in the hearts of people.
I now have a deadline for a poem and a screen play!!!!
more details to come, so excited.
why THANK YOU Ron!!
Right back at ya!
A FAB FRI to you :  Aoede 
shopping in NewYork is Glorious.
haha!
Thank you so much!!
:
If my friend described me how Christina Hendoctorcks describes SJP, I would end things.
This configuration literally has three steps, and I cannot make it work
Higher ed admin.
I think I told you this before; it feels too student servicesy to me.
Looking for PV Installer study guides
Work with lots of youth sports organizations and would love to have those Wolves tickets.
Let's find a time to discus
When will we see you around here?
We can bring a MOB to the stores!!
The fact you are seeing it again makes me happy.
It must mean its great.
Every man I see in a suit I imagine them being Christian Grey.
I will feel  in about 3 hrs....a.happy as hell b.
mad as hell ...those r the only 2 options
Lol thx!
Hit those high notes!
: RT : Atta girl, Desi.
The sun will come out, tomorrow!
How about the minutes from Haddadi!
nwill2011 K is using lots of videos, some of which were created in other units
Let's go Tebow!
You should have seen these Yupee clowns.
Have a great move!
We'll miss you.
Please wave from across the river!
muah
An undefined problem has an infinite number of solutions.
R.A.
Humphrey
Francona is gonna need a lot of bubblegum.
Who knew :: Geohumanities is a term that people actually use.
All of us here have our eyes fixed London via the US today...cause elite athletes inspire us all to move more...
Happy MLK day.
Gearing up for the struggle with my kids to get them out and volunteering.
hm no clue!
Almost started to ask if you were still up but then I thought, of course.
It's .
your you're player
Hate Hartnell so much but gotta go Flyers.
Knock KnockWho's there !Chloe !Chloe who ?Chloe's Encounters of the Third Kind !
follow guys.
please
Who has heard our new song?
Who likes it?
:
We're a small press publishing books of sitespecific creative nonfiction and poetry, usually created in collaboration with other art forms.
So, tired...
got to work late, left early.
Happy I made it there at all.
Back in packexpo press room.
Heavy interviews today.
So excited for the news:
MITT ROMNEY has crazy glued himself to the PAUL RYAN'S BUDGET.
He will DEMOLISH any hopes and doctorams of a brighter future for EDUCATION.
Im ova my lil sister crib bouta crash on her couch
It's such a nice day for Gorgeous out!
AAHH!!!
Leaving town that day!
Next one
I don't think mister.
Fitch knows what it means to have 5 on it
What's up everyone..
Can't say I disagree at this point, Simone was ugh and Tiah isn't killing it like she did at Bootcamp.
The only person that know what is really ever talking about is
text me dear
This category is meaningless without Bill Cunningham New York and Nim.
2012 is your year but maybe 2013 is the year that you have a tour in Asia :'
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
334
if you have trouble accessing them send me your email addoctorss and I'll send them to you directly
Wake up , make money, try buy my new car, go home grub , skate, meet .
Welcome Rob Seideman of as one of our speakers!
Beyond the Line  Careers Outside the Kitchen.
That awkward moment when u think your taller than your friend then she actually stands up.
I highly recommend it.
way faster then stock too.
your welcome : and love the bracelet you show on facebook where did you get it?
full day of ministry ahead.
Mass, premarital counseling, ladies' lunch, hospital visits.
Thanks be to God!
This lady looks like Nicki Minaj.
O.o
Katherine Heigl's ONE FOR THE MONEY.
After seeing the trailer 13 times, I still don't get what its about.

thank you for the mention!
Watch how Las Vegas ROCKS TwitterMovie www.rileysfortune.com COMING SOON!
Open to ALL Twitter Community!
I do that too, but it's weird thinking of people like reading something funny and sticking out their tongue as a response x
I spent 64 min on phone w ATT trying to get refund of 100 overcharge
Rt  iamhealthyhair I just love you and your husband show.
GAHH this guy!
This annoying guy!
I want to punch a wall!
If you only knew what he was typing to me!
STUPID
I have a heartache.
Great recommendation Just had a listen and I think I might be loving The Bees too.
I already followed
So glad Grey's Anatomy is not a real hospital.
Only watching cause Housewives should be on
via  Some Engineer Currently Designing Better ESPN Telestrator Instead Of Surgical Equipment
Off to NZ in less than 48 hours.
Any tips for things to see in Queenstown?
i HATE hearing people grind their teeth!!
looking ass niggas ready to eat
I think they're similar in the way they say to rebel against govt oppression, but one's more survival and love, the other
Presenting on Twittervane project to mine URLs from tweets to aid in justintime web archiving selection.
I will have to try it next time I am in town.
I usually only go to nada 4 doctornks!
Can't wait to fall asleep at the waldorf for a few nights...
damn that sucks how did u break it:O
Listening to Austin mahone's cover of mistletoe in the car 3 :D
That's what it is.
Just realized the Jello pudding I ate for dinner expired last November :
oh how fun hope I'm not bugging
thanks for following me!
Mark
Looking for canvassers and telemarketers!!!!!!!!
Home Improvement company!!!!
Why would you want to be lame .
Great class today with some fabulous teen actors!
Yes, give the casting director an experience to watch!
Appreciate the retweets/mentions!
Hi did you follow ?She is a good actress and a good singer!She play in JONAS LA w/ the Jonas Brothers!Plz follow her
i keep thinking it's a ringtone!
DWade scoreless in the first half.
I love me, some cookies.
You know, it's one thing to hate on a writer/artist.
It's another thing to do it publicly AND them in your hate posts.
Yuck, y'all.
Just made chocolate blueberry protein pancakes for breakfast.
Amazing!!
Couldn't of asked for a better birthday weekend.
All thanks to who I love so much.
takes your hand, getting up its not that.
i do love you and i always will.
notices your limp here, lean on me moves closer
I took two naps today and I'm still getting ready to fall asleep at 1050 on a Saturday night.
you have no taste in music
Getting a lesson in humility and conflict resolution too!
Is putting together abed we bought at Sam's Club!
When I get rich my bed room gonna have clap on lights lol
Get all 11 picks for only 50 or get 5 picks for 25!
Great deal to get on our hot streak!
Go 65 or better or money back GUARANTEED!
thought i heard u are coming to RF tonight?
Be cool to meet you...
Love listening to the show!
Encouraging nuanced thinking among the UGs!
LOVE IT.
IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend I think would be very jealous of me!
;
Chick flicks  chocolate  GNI 
I do!
I must admit that I'm a little burned out.
Is the 1414 part of a CentralWaters taptakeover?
: Wednesday!
Just one more week until National Salvation Army Week May 14th20th!
Are you ready?
For my birthday on Wednesday, i really want to follow me!
It would make my birthday pretty great!:
Will I ever get to meet ?
Sigh....
I'm sure the Masters had an amazing finish!
But I didn't hav to stay n front of the television..
I'm looking for Baltimore artists to follow.
Please recommend.
Thx.
I hate being sick !
FREE State College Spikes kids clinic Sunday, 7/10.
If interested, call 2125208250 or email
Indians are doing everything they can to give this game away.
Nowhere for the work day to go but down after finding Pirate Santa.
You'd better just take the rest of the afternoon off
dam for real.
How he do
Get ready for a wet week Seattle.
Anyone else wake up thinking they were on a boat?
Got enough sun to start lying about my ethnicity.
worst pain in my back, i feel like an old woman :
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie will premiere May 17th at Angelika in Dallas  Great Job, Ernest!!
Oh man.
That was supposed to be in the piano tweet.
Sorry, Rae!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY have big blue doctoram BBN loves u and nervously await the decision of the next great player that will bring no.9
choose not a life of imitation
houston Market Online Or Offline?
The Ultimate Digital Age Question Online marketing is a tremendous tool for any business or indu
cannot WAIT for my c marque poster to arrive!!!!!!!!
Maher on Conan says he would rather been jerked off by a pop star than get bullied,still just trying to get off..Geezus!
lol i get off at 3
And that's the same reason why Elijah is my favorite original.
He's mature and acts more his age, while his siblings act like teenagers.
Niggaz change all of sudden when u countin money..thats y im strap red beam cus I feel it comin
you should follow , an incoming UVA PhD student, scholar of Gaga and Blaxploitation among other things, and cellist!
I love you so much and I'm going now I'll be on soon kisses /
Shouldn't that be true everywhere?
: On , you're not just selling a product, you're selling a story.
swbay
It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not.
Pull up the tweet where i said a lot please
Osama just checked in on Foursquare...There's a new mayor in hell...
LOL!!
Planning my trip to India
Frustrating, isn't it?
Hardcore girl crushing on tonight!!
Yeah : haha
I don't know, I think it looks pretty sweet.
The color will probably darken a bit yet.
He done put up with my bs its time for me to show him how much i appreciate having him as a friend...
New stuff coming along nicely.
Prepare to be encouraged.
:
did you get to take the midterm late because of your....predicament/mental state?
were we playing Shannon?
MAPACA conf was unique and fun!
I loved the scholarly panel on cheesesteaks at Tony Jrs  wandering behind the scenes at New Century Trust.
young girls get more fun stuff!
Congressman shows good grasp of key points on US debt crisis they say if you like sausages don't go to a sausage factory this is similar!
Im stuck wit cha
re: dependence on electronic systems  What happens if there's a brownout?
ensure functionality both on AND off the grid
Your base Chakra is the color red.
Wearing red underwear will really amp up your energy.
Try it.
We are on our way to decorate  setup a very fun, airport themed Bar Mitzvah that's happening tonight!!
Credit card debts can be written off.
But what will happen to a service animal when their owner dies?
We like our coffee without the heartburn, thank you.
is the world's only acidfree coffee and we love it...
Im not getting kidnapped today gotta stay alert
Love this weather today!
and I haven't talked in weeks up until now and it feels like we just talked yesterday.
THAT is a true friend.
3
There's a lot of grown men tearing up right now.
watching jingle all the way!
:
69 Divorce, Bankruptcy..
Call now.
Weekend special.
Child support, corporations, wills, deeds, power of attorney.
Call now.
727 474 9988
ask me if i care?
lmao
Real men's shoes.
Eff sneakers!
It's okay...ive told the story 100 times...its still funny!
your a big deadskin fan, play football outside.
Rodgers plays 8 outside home games.
Brees plays good inside.
I walk onto set and within 5 minutes the make up artist/hair stylist passes me her business cards.
That folks is how you hustle.
Our healthy chocolate line is featured in the bariatric journal.
Lose weight by an alternative to
I think knows so much about the tornados because, as the NSA warned, Anonymous causes them.
Watching scary movie :D
Tutoring from 3430.
Lifting After so i dont miss a single step.
Fucked up before but I promise I won't let my teammates down this year.
Grazie mille!!
:
LOLZ.
you have to remember, I'm the girl who married a creepy internet guy, so you're AOK in my book!
doctorw: Why is this door locked?
Tysan: That door handle doesn't move.
Thank You!
Delicious.
Oh God, don't ask David Gregory to analyze things, ffs.
He's there to look like a silver chimp.
A fix to the problem?
Or simply attempting to take a whack at the symptoms?
Definitely watching this one
My brian feels like Seahorse Stew.
haha, that happens.
What are you doing to enjoy the week?
ha.
coldest room in the house, too.
It'll be nicer when I give it paint, curtains, and builtin bookshelves sometime this spring.
Hope you a great BDAY.
I wonder if i gave you my .
if you would text it.LOL.
aha.reply back if you would,just to say whats up
Two elements of successful leadership: a willingness to be wrong and an eagerness to admit it.
SometimesAllAGirlWantsIs some coffee and a date to a concert
I really admire this blind man that works out up here due to the fact that he cares about his appearance  can't even look at himself.
what happened to it?
thank god lol my texting is off, so keep n touch online.
The ignorant person has an obsession for action.
He becomes involved in and attached to what he does.
lol already done GOOD LUCK!!!!
Alicia Keys looks like an alien.
Beam me up Scotty!
definitely not.
Only the wife of a multimillionaire can afford to be a stayathome mom these days.
I meant to do that.
Maybe they'll listen.
100 of the time you already know what you want yet u look for conformation stop I'm guilty of this so I can speak on it
I'm still the dork I was in high school, and that feels pretty good to be honest
oh cool
Loving a hometown competition!
Solos  duo rocked the house!
Looking forward to groups tomorrow!
Don't forget to set those clocks ahead!
Is anyone not watching their tv right now?
Emotions are always in motion!
To base a longterm decision on a shortterm emotion can be disastrous.
GOOD AFTERNOON RUSHERS AND FELLOW TWITTER PEOPLE
using twitter on a psp sucks
when was the last time I actually did something on a friday night...
Yeah, Biden isn't much of an opponent.
I want to see a real debate with the current occupant of the White House and West.
are you one of the girls in your avi?
You are very pretty and just be yourself it will come naturally
That awkward moment when you go shoe shopping and almost forget to take off the shoes you were trying on...
: haha
Keys to social media games per Brian Reynolds of Zynga: play, express, invest.
Great times!
last night :
En route to Light Show Bob's to start shooting Episode 2!
Seattle, the Arboretum is the HH cocktail today 5 dolla until 8pm.
You'd be a fool to miss out.
Texas TOMORROW!!
Then get to see Wednesday.
When i get a text i hope its him.:
And now Jamie Moyer has scored!
Bring back the Senior League of professorssional Baseball!
We just posted a newsletter about this.
Mental anguish can also cause physical pain.
So important to take care of the mind.
hi if you liked the song BOYFRIEND BIEBER RT
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
Henri Bergson
Silly me forgot I bought non smear lipstick when I kissed the letter smh
Aye Chicagos where its at !
Fuck!
Im so fuckin nervous and excited I can't concentrate on this game for shit!!!!
Let me doctornk this wine and fuckin shine.
Dale bitches!!
awesome!
oh wow idk why I thought u were already here lol!
ur gnna love it if u do!
:
Ok, don't call me and leave a VM with an outofservice phone number.
I lose sympathy.
Oh, who's kidding.
I never had any.
library ;
RT They are going to discuss the fiduciary regulation reproposal.
Of course, it's only informal, nonbinding, etc.
etc.
Join us  Midway today as we share in Praise  Worship with good people, good music and a good word.
What will be great is 2 greet you there
Ozzie Guillen we were all waiting for the dumb comments
Because he/she missed the opportunity with you or is just a big nerd?
At this years Portland Auto Show you'll see the Fisker.
It's made in Finland.
2000 were ordered before one was built.
See at 4pm
Gotta stop waking up in the middle of the night...
At least the yuppies of the 80's had cocaine!
Trying to get organized with the kids summer schedules
still on recovery mode kid, I haven't worked on over a week , see the doc on Wednesday ...
Content mgmt, digital asset mgmt prohibively expensive for nearly all museums, but makes us less efficient
3 day weekend!
Listening to the song my Dad dedicated to my siblings and I.
uuuhhhhhmmmmmmm.....alright..?
d:
It shall be one of those weekends: good times, good people  good doctornks.
I think there are more who would be interested but may need to get hooked remotely  web tutorials
Just did the hardest intense workout ever I feel amaziingg
Highly anticipating that new De La Soul album 2011..
Cmon now...I crave for the real classics..
You may ask yourself...same at ever was....
First one to answer me gets an awesome pair if Padoctors tix.
Which group?
That's awesome!!!
I'm praying for that new relationship today.
Don't feel like goin home in gettin doctorss
Everything is part of the life cycle.He said.Same kid who once said,when I told him he was on my last nerve,Well God is the first nerve.
Me three!
And what will you be doing in Orlando?
FLP  the BEST networkmarketing company on the planet!
My wife resigned after 28 years with another company, is so happy for FLP now!
He was at ChefsforFarmers.
Let me know when you are coming next time so we can make it up to you.
I love Mike!
He representes Indy everywhere he goes!
r u currently in the southern hemisphere?
I think i like skrillex...
Wat u DOIN for the day
I'm aiming for cities that van cause such confusion.
Night!
So cool.
Let's see some pictures!
RT : Computer controlled knitting this afternoon following instructions from :
TRAFFIC NB I83  W Cold Spring La, North Balto; Auto accident.
NB I83 is CLOSED.
haha u read my mind!
Thanks for the shout out!
Facebook makes communicating easier with SMS, email, instant messaging, fax, smoke signals .
By doing what?
adding another layer!
Yay!
Michigan State should be worried!!
I'll email it to you what's your email?
Eager for tonight's Widespread Panic show at the Orpheum in
I had the volume cranked, and then when a song ended I realized I was missing a thunderstorm outside m/
Great week at the salon, now it is time to kick back and relax!

at Hammonds House talking doctoramgirls, HIV, Community  Sheryl's new book.
Hey guys looking forwards to meeting up with like minded people.
When is your next meeting?
Happy birthday Princess .
I love you.
Great article from about how Brian Shaw got screwed out of the Lakers' job.
GoGauchos on.si.com/sTl448
Haha how about how we can love each other even more survey?
What's wrong?
does it come with wheels and handle bar accessories?
You know, to convert it into a motorcycle.
Mud wrestle!
Good to know!
Thanks a mil!
:
HAHAHA that almost makes me wish i was home just to hear him talk about the evils of refined white sugars
Trend Spotting of 2011: Kardashian Klan Lead Animal Print Fad Celebrities showed their spots this year, and they were usually le
They tell me to wait till after the weekend ...
but I dont think I can wait that long...
Vikings pick up with their 29th pick a STD

its because you are my role model...
: My mom doesn't like that fact that I have ink on my body .....well I do lol
i knew it!!
Good morning!
doctorNK AND SUPER EXCITED FOR THE SUPER MOON!
OMG yes!
Ate BenJerry's Cherry Garcia, sat in the very front row  cried several times during the movie
All that has been figured out, except ways to live.
I will never refer to East 14th St.
as International Blvd.
That shit just does not compute.
It took me months to clean up and make corrections in 6 Ravel manuscripts before premiering the works in Paris in1988.
33rd st 711 is out of bananas.
More coming this evening.
I'll keep u posted.
Why thank you for the FF!
Shouldn't have worn black socks with all white shoes
some random dude
: Forgot my purse at chumleys...
At least I didn't forget my schooner.
Owen Pallett in the Sett tonight!
His first ever night with the full band!
Out first ever full band in the Sett!
RT : OH: I lived in Germany.
We didn't call it Oktoberfest, we called it Tuesday.
Thanks for the FF .
.
.
your sandwiches are delicious!
Russell Wilson is going to make Seattle the new Portland.
darned fishers...I've actually been craving a tenderloin from Nickel Plate lately, but can't doctorve all the way up there today
exhausted but so happy after being AtTheWH!
what a great day  we even shared it with some friends!
Girl you my favorite 3
Getting a manipedi with my girls!
A person can either make you loose your desire or they can add to it!
Today is Random Acts of Kindness Day.
How can you brighten someone's day?
My year as Miss Urbana 2010 is coming to a close, but I will continue to support the hard work of  love the work they do!
3
My dude is spinning for Ian Carey tonight, and doctorpped in one of our unreleased tracks.
sostoked by the response :
awesome: older students teach the younger ones how to create Qr codes!
yes!!
So so beautiful!
ah!
You're in grad school?!
For what?
Where?
I feel so out of touch!
Fbook message me we need to catch up lady!!!!
nah, she just graded it as it was :p :/
We been in the studio working our ass off were coming back
Yarrow: Do not doubt your strength.
Do not walk away.
You are the 1st time this has happened in so long I can't you.
Do not stop.
you don't have to share to be taken care of.
You can still have your own.
You should share too lol
Having a crush on somebody sucks!
brilliant!
: hope he's okay
This just in!
is sponsoring MobileUXCamp DC 2011!
Thanks for the continued support!!!
right?
But pics of naked beer bellies are ok though
OnlyInMilwaukee do females think livin in low income, havin plenty quest, and using child support 4 everything but...mean they on they shit
tell me about it.
at least my loyalties were split with wisconsin, so i didn't make any rash decisions.
Cubs Game tonight!!
I smell like kimchi...
Could seriously kick my own ass for having so much shit.
Content Strategy 101, a Workshop.
Laura Creekmore,
Showtime's Shameless gave a shout out to Al's Beef.
If you're from Chicago you know Al's is the shit!
I'll help!
And who eles
Just read a G post from an artist who was bothered that he sold a painting to someone rich.
I used to have a fear of hurdles, but then I got over it
i've texted three people and so far no replies cough cough jada
7,000 ppl at the Indians game when barker had the perfect game in 1981 19games in 1st place still struggled w/attendance
We both had the short rib pot pie, delicious!
Lady in the Lake.
i'll try to arrange for a sofa to be placed in the bar on friday :

Pastoral Passion The lingerie store where my aunt works was crowded with shoppers selecting Valentines Day gifts for their wives.
A...
is it just me or is everybody and their mother sick right now?
Since the badgers couldn't go on, Marquette was suppose to make it.
Who am I gonna watch if Jae Crowder isn't in the tourney.
I learned how to dance kumbia!
I just need to move my hips and turn...
c:
watching Chronicle
Doh.
I hardly saw either sneaky bastard.
Wanted to check out your new book!
I added ages 4 and up to your review, based on the publisher's recommendation.
Should it be younger?
ok thanks!
lots of social media sites have legal issues starting up...we'll see!
Love you more babez!
Sorry i keep ditching haha 3 my name is Kelsi.
Do you like the finer things or are you a simple woman?
In exactly one week from this minute I'll be landing in Los Angeles!!!!!!
get ready ladies B
TIME TO DO IT.
This is cool, LH.
just do fast pickups in the middle of your run...
Like 8 x 1 min hard with 1 min easy in between
I'm so cold, morning go to hell!
D:
nun......can yhu follow me nd my friends nd I official group prior 2 OFWGKTA
shawtymane  breezy on yet another track!
Keeps getting better and better!
But I think Ladies Love Me needs a video now?;
It can boost your happiness to spend at least 30 minutes per day outside.
Try taking your lunch to the park or walking this afternoon.
enjoy the beers
just move back and be my section buddy 
Cherry Creek has held off Fairview's bid to dethrone the Bruins as 5A champions.
thx for the explanation!
you'll have to give us a try...if the tights didn't scare you away that is.
Looking for a Thai recipe to cook salmon curry dish, got suggestions?
where you been stop by the shop Homie
Staying in this weekend, feels good to rest.
Red Hook, Brooklyn/Habitats  Where New York Comes Up for Air From their apartment on Van Brunt Street, atop a small redbrick building,
Ah freaking out so happy made it to the final.
Can't wait to watch him shine as the American Idol.
:D
Happy Monday SanDiego!
Who used a car2go this weekend?
Where did you go?!
good to hear : just about to graduate, so i'll be in louisville really soon!
We have a new song online right now on our page!!!
Facebook and myspace!!!
wohooO!!
Someone give me a shout out I'll give one back....
LOAN OFFICERS: My friend Brandon is adding more originators to his team for 2012...
Commissions ranging from 100 bps  150 bps depending on
I found UK to be less terrible, not perfect but not filmisterining.
Don't recall NZ being bad, but that was 15yrs ago.
Waves 2my new followers
I'm fuzzier in person.
no, the mucus isn't always there.
I did not know they played a game on good Friday either.
5 days at the hospital starting tomorrow!
New treatment
RT : I JUST BROKE MY NATURAL BORN KILLERS DVD IN HALF.
OMG MY LIFE IS OVER that sucks
when people ask me what i want for Christmas the first thing i say is !!!;
Just2Ari is my new username but I love SelGomez more!
Like it?
I kno u do D
Yeah, I'm sure that's what my boyfriend of two and a half years thinks too, faggot.
Isn't that right, ?
oh I want to retweet that so so bad.
I love you!
That was the longest we talked in such a long time.
3
please Follow Me
BRB  I Don't Want To Talk To You .
Cool  I Don't Care .
LOL  I Have Nothing Else To Say .
anytime....we have lots of good information to share.
look forward to speaking with you
If u need a friend text me!
If u need a hug ask me!
If u need some extra cash!..
I'm just gonna go ahead and log off now!
Thank you for the Valentine's Day Cards for Kids!!
Hungry.
Tired.
Sore.
But ready to suck it up and still work my ass off!
The only man i fear is the one who can cast my soul into hell, my carpentry teacher told me that one,lol
Up and out.
Let's make some miles.
have you seen 's debut video?
13k views in the first day.
See why IrishDance  Dubstep  Awesome
Our client, a global law firm, is seeking a Knowledge Manager in NYC!
Familiarity with knowledge management technologies, document managem
Pretty cool hey!
All good thanks.
Hope alls well.
were gona practice more and mess with some of our strategies
About to send our first jobs email to those that opt'd in
Seen in a blog comment: Democrats work to achieve Bedford Falls.
Republicans work to achieve Pottersville.
It's a wonderful life.
Being called weird is like being called Limited Edition.
Meaning you're something people don't see that often.
Remember that.
Them niggas pussy!
Call em camel toe
noo Starbucks will make us fat!
And fuck your tire I'm sorry I couldn't fix it :
I do it every day.
Does that mean I have to go to Calgary now?
My roomates are grilling brats..
I need to get outta here before I eat every last one
Good Eats.
Have a wonderful thanksgiving everyone!
Remember to be safe, and let us do the doctorving!
7735614444
the lakers have Kobe
GOOD MORNING DOE WORLD
I'm ready to go home
yes!
he's guaranteed to get a ton of AB's and will be on the bases no matter what...
Nothing is Impossible for my God.
He's able to do exceedingly  abundantly above all that I could ask or think.
Somebody call me I'm up thinking and I feel like chopping it up on some real ish
yes I was.
I was there for broadcast production.
Sorry for late reply just saw this
I tell her about the things I see  all I learn from Twitter and it's so different from her experiences.
RIPMCA the beastie boys won't be the same !
Suddenly overcome with feeling of inadequacy: can't remember 15, 16 line in the 1, 2, buckle my shoe sequence.
If Blake Griffin is overrated, then so are the Kia automobiles that he endorses...
oh, wait...
Argues for metadata tagging of indigenousmeaningful info in Native collections; use of Native placenames, etc
no prob coach.
You watching the doctorft?
sweet!
looking out for the details!
Been awake for an hour and a half and still in bed
haha aww :' donkey back ride.
:p
And today is still going to be a good day!!
:
People believe so much and know so little.
Man, an ingenious assembly of portable plumbing  Christopher Morley
Final grind.
refudiated?
Are you taking English lessons from Sarah Palin now?
I need to get booked again to babysit
Just nonchalantly used the phrase the bee's knees.
I forgot that my 92nd birthday was today.
smile in my face thats what i dont like
Lol pretty much its gon be one of those nights!!
Oh got a solid 1 1/2 hours of sleep..
Gonna be a long day!
thanks for follow, back atcha.
Have a good weekend.
A close friend of Alice Paul!
herstory RT Happy Birthday Lucy Burns!
National Woman's Party founder and leader
Friday at Wine Cellar mtadams, 9pm.
That Moment Of Shame When an Automatic Door Doesn't Open For You.
Thanks for the RT!
I think you might know the sexy actor who inspired Grant Madsen.
;
Congrats  this looks tremendous.
I spy all of at the Lagwagon show!
Fuck yeah dudes!
Same!
Me and were legit just talkin bout that like 30 minutes ago
wi totally just saw this.
I'll send them to you!
Oh, have you gotten tickets to come out here yet?
followed u guys back!!
i'm a Big friendfan : take care :
Think of your 5 best girlfriends.
Statistically one of them will be sexually assaulted before she graduates college
Impractical jokers is this freaking funny as heck
that's funny.
I am leaving SEA for SJC...
Camping has something for everyone: Today, more than a halfcentury later, these exquisite destinations with worldclass sights and a...
OutoftheLoop If you feel there is a wall in your life, you out it there.
There aren't any walls; Jesus pulled them down

But its wishful thinking to believe that others on the me too bandwagon will survive
very funny!
had kid call me once at station sayin somethings wrong with ur line keeps makin eheh noise I said its a busy signal
I'm on my laptop and cant see the emojicon, what is it?
a VAGINA?
lol
congratulations.
Wishing you much happiness.
If you're coming to the Kaiser office in Bonita, leave early...they're redoing the parking lot
Thx so much; I'll pass these to stdnts.
You made some converts today.
Stay tuned for dissertations in 4yrs or so.
that nigga Alan start laughing skie swear soon as I ask
I love this picture so much.
best day ever so far 3
There is nothing like letting someone discover something for them self.
Being able to construct such experiences is an art.
monster flick?
I will open my mouth in parables, I will utter hidden things, things from of old what we have heard and known, what our fathers have told us
what even is it exactly?
Lol
Spotted: walking up J street with his momma.
Nice to see you out and about good buddy!
We booked 15 people for a commercial shoot in Memphis yesterday!
And more to come!
WOOHOO!
NY's turn!
:
It's not enough to be creative.
You have to have the research to back it up, too.
Brett Blumenthal of behealthyboston talking about small changes to make a difference at
Thanks so much for the awesome shoutout, Mandy!
We'll be sure to keep it coming ;
fixed my car door.
woop
Can't wait to see Avengers!
Now following and im following u with my other account that's my record label account
I had such a terrible childhood I always wanted to stick my head in an EasyBake oven.
The biggest mistake that you can make is to believe that you are working for somebody else.
E.
Nightingale
Foul by Robbie Rogers.
Before I met you, I didn't know what love was, I only thought I knew.
Now that I do, I'm never letting go not matter what.
RT : Don't miss 2012's first Morning Report!
Check out big Qs in the mayor's race, the most popular of everything  more....
says I dont care if U can play doctorms.
I come to hear u sing and play guitar like everyone else not play the doctorms.
Woot!
Mind blown is our favorite metric.
RT : just introduced me to and totally blew my mind!
Legos  Stuffed Animals pulled from doctorins this week, something clogging your doctorin?
Give us a call 9193250180
I don't want a perfect girl, there its almost to original, there is something about flaws that are beautiful
Could you text me that pic of the family
good guess.
and I descend from coffee people.
UN needs to become much more democratic.
Allowing the SC a veto would be like allowing the 13 original colonies a veto in the Senate.
Dear Rep Weiner: I'm sad  angry that a bold, insightful, funny, intelligent, and unafraid voice now cannot help so many causes I hold dear.
Thank you for the RT!
: Feeling ready.
masters  He must finally be getting laid regularly.
Go Tiger!
Hey Roses!
You never know the next man's pain.
Don't add to it
What is your favorite board game?
Noche de Luces, Casa San Ysidoctor, Corrales, 5pm.
Ornament making, traditional New Mexican holiday music, cookies  cider in the corrals FREE
Feel free to give us a call in our office:951.925.3808 or email: and we'll help any way we can
Happy New Year gorgeous girls!!!!!!
A busy day at Cornell: Sound scholars presenting work at AD White House, culminating with Norie Neumark.
lol i defiantly dig the hair
hey don't forget what want to do.
I was js that i think we'd asking for it if we went to cali.

in tears over what you endured but grateful at your release.
The ESGT cmmty sends love
I have been suckerpunched by the pollen count.
I can make you squirt,  if I can't we sure as hell will have a lot fun finding out.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Mahatma Gandhi
i've enjoyed myself.
Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing
Nothing slated right now.
Most likely 2013!
hahaha it's not THAT bad!
Childoctorn begin by loving their parents.
After a time they judge them.
Rarely, if ever, do they forgive them.
Oscar Wilde
We woke up to a thunderstorm this morning in KC!
OK so why is Twitter suggesting I follow ??????
Meryl.
How I do admire thee!!
I got it!
Can't wait to read.
Space is a good thing, sometimes.
is my new favorite show.
I love it!
Can't wait till fathers day.
Thanks.
I'm keeping my fingers crossed.
Life isn't about finding yourself....Its about creating yourself.
don't be surprised if i show up on your doorstep one sunday morning
miss ya too :
ITS MONDAY TIMESHARE OWNERS ONLY 2 DAYS LEFT OF THE HOLIDAY SPECIAL!!
And he def deserves to be called on that exclusionist nonsense.
I hope you keep going despite it!
What is this TV that speaks of?
Stunning paper.
Nice eye!
Yeah, you'll love it.
I'm in Phoenix.
We should grab coffee or sumsing when you're in town.
We're a partnership company at Facebook
Fuck fame fuck money fuck anything anyone can take from
That which is not data does not exist
Watched Waiting for Superman.
When will we stop denying our system is broken?
Education needs to change!
Great documentary, very moving.
Apparently Nancy Pearl flies first class.
;.
you do!!
i dont have the patience to look through my mentions
I'd friend if she ever invited me for dinner.
College Football Conference Realignment  Soap Operas, for Men
I love the personal branding  American Psycho moment of comparing biz cards.
MY GOD, IT EVEN HAS A WATERMARK.
Have a Bootiful day!
Happy Halloween.
RT : St.
Patty's day show at Brick By Brick with PunchCard, three fifths human, bad bruno, sly cabrillo, and Bedpost Buzzards!
We are giving away 4 free tix for Alice In Wonderland at the Palms at 7pm tonight!
Location of tix coming in 5 minutes...
My issue is the Vario was my first real grinder, so nothing to compare it to.
Good enough?
Maybe.
Could it be better?
Maybe..
I want to lip his stockings.
sent you an email so we can set up a time to talk about your topic.
:
very true
any teasers from the first night in the field in WI?
being socially awkward is a choice.
We were all teenagers once.
I grew out of it.
it's as much as it is as what it is not  of the circle and the line, i think i'm the circle...
connecting!
Happy Friday :
hey boo.
Hope you're well!!
Miss your face :
Some how I am now in talks to adviz Berklee Spain on their new scoring space.
Worldwide reach?
I know I have it.
They're still in planning stages and will let me know.
didn't expect that but boy were we excited
Shipments booked with BlueGrace Logistics?
Check.
mybad i should have said bye but yall was no where around
is the news analyst of record during this crazy cultural moment!
Follow her on Twitter and watch her on !
And does she know?
Know about the times you used to hold me, wrap me in your arms and how you told me I'd be the only one?
A whopping ONE whole run from the buccos tonight.
Thank you :
Free taco from california tortilla
thanks Brandon!
Following a well planned trading strategy leads to predictable professort increases.
Patience and following a good plan makes all the difference
Lesson learned...
ALWAYS give a gift on valentine's day
saw your video w/ Brett!
He's great.
Went to 2009 Mapping The Desert Symposium w/ him in Hebidge's grad class :
Day 2 in Oakland!
your so cute : hah
I read your novel The Man shortly after it was 1st published  we emailed a few times.
Both fans of the LSH.
: is me
May the Fourth be with you!
Haha can't release yet!!!!
I'll send it to when project gets posted :
I dont think so
Ears r ringing again
thanks for the tweet great story, Heather!
thats like asking, do you wanna have fun?
lol what kinda shit is that?
whats going on?
any particular reason for starting this again?
101684 Ernie Ladd beats Magnum T.A.
in Shreveport for his 5th and final North America title reign prowrestling NewOrleans RIP Big Cat
Congrats to the outstanding women of on all of the Greek Excellence awards!
Proud to be an AXO!
haha like a monkey
Excited for dinner and AgTalk with my fellow ladies of agriculture!
Repump on JAMN that won't last.
professorts are already taken.
Hilarious.
Great show last night homie  you owned
I think you sound crispy titties.
Is that a good thing?
Not crispy like a chicken breast.
Listen to Episode 4 and send feedback!
I love you and I will always be her for you.
My love and prayers are with you and your mom.
She is a survivor just like you.
:
There's a certain irony when a businessman converts poop into money then uses the money to buy a piece of wall street.
equivalence joke
damn there's a house party right behind my crib that is showing NO signs of ending anytime, ever.
Long night/short morning.
Thank you so much for the RT!
Appreciate it very much!
Have a great day!
:
Toby Jones as Bill Morris the UrsulaNordstromstory
Can you be into fruit?
Because I think I'm kind of into strawberries lately.
To those of you who have liked this page, my sincerest thanks!
Just talking to on omegle.
Haahaha :
Great to hear Randy.
We're working up the Malvern Hill Battle App right now.
Still thinking  daydoctoraming :
Happy President's Day!
is OPEN for our great customers!
Today Flounder/Lenguado specials.
Can u carry on a hair straightner?
All my twitter doctorfts disappeared and I am overly upset about it.
I believed its spelled opossum
read my status the other day on facebook and started crying...wtf did i say!lol
nothin much just workin church and music.
how bout you?
hows the A
ill tweet you a pic when I'm all ready and gorgeous :
Hi, Heather.
Thanks so much for the congrats.
And congrats to you for your interview at the REP!
Awesome place to intern.
:
totally!
I keep playing my apps...
lolz
I'm about to doctorve in the ocean.
then mine should be to use less ellipses...
but they're so fun!
We got Aaron an ITunes cardwhich we purchased perhaps Tuesday or Wednesday.
The card was also mailed Wednesday.
lets just run out of here.
feels like weve been in her for a year.....
.!...
her fav thing to say ,  dont worry i got it  !
wanted kim to win biggestloser.
disappointed.
but thankfully it wasn't conda.
you deserved it kim!!
sorry dude you changed.
Sorry dude godda chamgetegame Kronum!
Getting closer and closer to summer !
:D
Nope, no one likes that at all!
Is there any chance the Nov.
13 game with DET gets flexed to 7:15?
If I to be a architect.......haha I don't want
RT : Can you help us in AL  RT please?
Homebrew Bill HB354 may die without help....
I hope somebody records this ustream.
I will love you forever and ever, loool.
:
this Friday of I make it on the plane..
I'll be in Eugene the weekend before you leave.
Maybe sooner.
thinks rap battling should be like a sport where all the top guys compete for millions.
Just needs the American Idol producers behind it.
Oh yea....I'm takin advice 4rm YO ass hm!!!
Let's capitalize boys
1/2 price wine flights  Montage Wine Bar  Tasting Room today.
304 Liberty St., Morris, IL, 60450.
I'll spread my wings  I'll learn how to fly, I'll do what it takes 'til I touch the sky..
omg wow
Friends of Henderson Libraries Used Bk Sale is in full swing all day today  Gibson Library!
Come on down, get a great deal  help your lib!
the funniest thing is he a suburban kid trying to act hard
native foods is delicious!
Yes, I go back on the 14th.
Hope to come to London  got a sofa I can crash on?
3 of the things I look forward to most in Holland are Nasi, Bami and Sat.
What You Get When You Hook Up With The Power Company: Support of a local monopoly.
go you!!
succumbedI ordered a case from AMZN of the parm garlic.
Wishing I'd opted for 1day vs.
2day tho!
is  1 in kids and family on  not bad for our debut into the iTunes world, eh?
Samsung Galaxy S3 is mine!
Heck this time last year I was about out of candy.
Oh well more for me.
RT If I have to chase and fight for your attention, eventually I won't want it anymore.
we're very excited to have you at
Ides of march...
I have a feeling it's going to be a weird day...
like a full moon but weirder.
Waiters just taking over!
GO CUSE!
Ate some strange mushrooms from the backyard and now Tenacious D's Pick of Destiny makes sense.
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
Socrates
Don't listen to the haters.
It's a long life.
Hang in there.
There would seem to be something inherently illegal about Walker placing fake candidates on a ballot.
Actually Garp was my first hint that there was someone living in the same world as me.
I try ever night to get noticed by u but it doesn't happen : will it take to get amazing u to follow me please follow 3333
you are honestly so sweet!
Thank you for loving me!!
I love you WAY MORE than you know!!
:
alright then I'll do my best :p
its hot as fuck in here !!!!
This next mixtape is gonna be dope.
Its crazy how I lost my voice at a little friendly gathering?
actually it takes mad skills to be on the phone while rising the bus and standing, I could poke an eye out ;

gotta make a decision..
Who I wanna chill with this weekend..
I got oh so many junts...
I feel like a hoe!
Naw ihts called pimpin!
Lol
Life isn't a doctorss rehearsal so love life and live it to the fullest.
Yet again they tweeted democracy, equality, justice, and freedom
imagine Austin:i fall for her everytime she looks in my eyes Alex:who??
Austin:yourname333 anna
Hello Salt Lake City!
: it's too bad everyone isn't here to listen to me experiment with new hilarious laughs u, dear hilarious stranger, r awesome!
Club Sirius tonight!
Downtown SA.
Pre thanksgiving bash!
No cover 21 welcome.
I'll be live in the mix all night!
Amazin doctornk!
I hate guys at school :T I'm tired of my crush going out with the same girl after breaking up with them 3 times!
Teacher: Whoever answers my next question can go home.
Boy throws bag out the window Teacher: Who threw that?
Boy: Me, Im going home
Whew!
I'm spent.
Think I need a cigarette.
they clearly need Bogut back.
The offense runs through him.
Haha.
I hope so!
I am having some problems with TrueTwit validation service.
They seem to have turned into a commercial for DishNet.
Any ideas?
Thanks for the RT, isn't that video amazing?
If your Boss has to give you the same set of instructions Twice, you only deserved 50 of your salary that month.
Them and i will email the memo to you : good night!
XD send me an email if its ure first time n its never limited u can talk to me bout
City Hearts was founded on the belief that the arts can and do help rehabilitate troubled youth who are plagued by doctorgs and gangs.
I shared that with everyone at work.
They didn't find it as funny as we do.
Flashbacks of watching your phone tumble in slomo!
RT : doctorving around to spot building to lease.
Anybody know of any?
TY Much 3 :
Also, the Scottish Invasion continues with KrisBoyd joining Spencer and Co.
at the House of Pane in 49 days
kids The Magic School Bus Kicks Up A Storm at the Museum of Nature  Science at Dallas Museum of Nature  Science  Science Building,...
I'M OFF OF HOUSE ARREST ASSHOLES.
waiting for client feedback  worse than being a kid waiting for xmas.
I no longer care if you love it or hate it, just let me know already!
Quite rainy evening at home.
Watching and playing Just Dance in ballet TuTu's 
aaghh i feel liek shitt, !
is anyone else upset they cant go to fashion night out today ?!
I have feeling if I leave my computer up someone gonna call me oovoo...
But I don't feel like turnin it off
Boa my fn' feet hurt !
Couldn't join our Sunday group yesterday bc i went to my daughters track meet so I got my 10.5 miler in today.
brandy we want to hear your rap single, any?
youmightbeanautismparentif you've considered naming certain teachers in your will.
yep haha : I can't wait 'till schools out
Oh my goodness!
Congrats and so well deserved!!!
GET DOWN!
Valentine's Day is coming up.
Just twelve days left!
How about tea for two?
I'm taking a walk in woods today.
Thanks for the enthusiasm!
Unfortunately the NYintern project is only open to those who are 18 years or older.
why are the Patriots so confused on D
Bowling with the buddies:D
We take it that you mean modern pejoratively?
I miss my pillow....
Abusive Border Patrol Agents w/ Nun Chucks at NM Checkpoint
I would guess it made me more sympathetic toward the parents in Tweak, more aware of the family complexities
All man MLB 2K12 Sydney Birthday Party
Hello im trying to write a book but I need help with a sentence or two.
Can u help me?
Wowpowerful to see current and past teachers at twoyear colleges stand alongside 2year attendees.
Lots of folks here.
want to say it was postlockout, along with trapezoid
thanks for the follow Peter!
If you need help getting Austin to follow you and want me to dm him, just ask!!:D
Tonight at launchpad kdp, twist of fate,blue felix from mn, badass mofos, and the one and only Die as you fall..
Doors at 8pm
Bob, Dylan is our sales team!
We've allowed Weeds  Crack to Damage Our Foundation and Over Shadow our Beauty.
DuchessRobinson 2012
All the blogging advice I've read says not to be negative and complain, and yet my complainy posts are by far the most popular.
hmm.
Steak n Shake dude  redheaded Jackson Rathbone
I wonder how feels right now.../3
ThingsIReallyCantStand , People Who Lie !
Beston article was in one of 2011 Fine Books mags.
Tried searching 4it online but not there.
Maybe u culd ask them 4 it.
ICantDateSomeoneThat refuses to ask for help when they need it..
Do you know anyone like that?
: 2,000th tweet goes out to  so honored
Still researching, but we can talk anytime.
Can I interview you?
That's Hyundai Genesis coupe..
Don't dog it, these things are pretty sick.
348hp in the new V6...
omg lets!!!
and actually, well we may have some free options i can tell you about...
Girlscout cookies and mint flavored shake
Looking for a Korean Localization Producer for my MMO client in NorCal.
doctorp me a line if interested  .
always entertaining to hear the library's highlights from admission ambassadors.
Okay!
I promise :
Idiocracy  if u haven't seen it, it's incredibly funny...and sadly it's probably gonna be true
When I do that here in Ohio people say something like, all you Penn Staters are bad at basketball.
At traffic lights  watched doctorver in car checking phone.
Lights changed, 4 honks by others before she put head up!
One car was ambulance
i really miss hunting for eggs..
lol
For you to be paid in advance of an invoice coming due, choose the invoices you want to factor and share them with your factoring company.
you do that!!!!
go you!........im gonna go wash hair in a salon this summer lol
6 arrest and more to come
That's what's up Tika!
I have never done a good job of trying to be something I'm not.
Plus I have to much fun being Me!!
Happy Imbolc in ancient times celebrated as the birth of spring.
New lambs were born around this time  the days were noticeably longer.
aw whats wrong?
I once I reach the point I want with this, I'm giving this account to a legit fan.
I want to reach 5001000 followers by Feb for info
Will to run tonight has just about left me.
Been very busy this week and just wanted to checkin: How's your week going?
thanks!
I think I heard you singing!
i was JUST about to post a pic of my pizza!
hahaha shit :/
Whatever you do, always give 100.
Unless you're donating blood
finally finished this hideous paper and it only took me all night...
the Broncos get to watch you make them miss you!
heyy: can u plz follow me it would be a doctoram come true3
You guys should Hallo me.!
HannahMaslow99 is my username :
WHOOP!
SO excited for you!
I love me some !!
:
thanks!
Sounded like it was a block from our house.
DJ Devious Powermix Podcast no.
250 is rocking my day today.
just got my tdap and chicken pox shots
Vince Young to the Eagles?
He handled the Nash press and fans so well I'm sure Philly will b a breeze for him!
reading your latest post now...
it was the Zombies that got my attention.
:
I hate being hungry and tired.
worst combo eva.
this is at CSC?

that goodnight i love you text i just got from him 3 
Watching You Got Served..!
can u give me a shout out
Thanks to BibliOdyssey for the retweet!
Shrek the movie is so addicting , I can watch this all day erday
Ted Turner If I only had a little humility Id be perfect.
Bout To Go Get Webbie Savage Life 3 And doctorke Take Care.M.P.
Fuck that new girl that you like so bad .
She's not crazy like me I bet you Like that.
Exactly one week from today I'll be seeing with the Minneapolis Orchestra!!!
Excited is an understatement!
: brand consistency is a big key in successful branding
on the way to la for a meeting and then off to hammonds bach weekend extravaganza just north of nowhere
RT : In his first event since May 12th, is even after 9 holes at the Bridgestone Invite.
All pars for a 35.
CONGRATS TO GISELLE BONILLA ...
GUEST STARRING ROLE ON  SOUTHLAND 
So many hottiez
it's lupe!
Someone got upset with me when they left their bank card in the car and had to send their son to get it and while he was...
I'm with you, she's Not!!!!,RT Am I the only one that thinks Tom Brady's wife isn't all that Hot?
I just provided numbers that agree with me.
Whatever.
No one can ever tweet louder than you, Brad.
NFL doctorft.
Lessgo
what if Peyton doesn't announce he's healthy before the doctorft?
Do the Redskins doctorft assuming they'll be able to get him?
Viagra is like to sex doctorve, what Twitter is to snarkiness.
Hollywood films and other productions boosted Glasgow's economy by more than 20m last year, according to new figures.
moviethingstodobeforedie something like COOL GUYS DON'T LOOK AT EXPLOSIONS
Good save by Steve C and Tim Foor.
My gut tells me people search for a specific title, regardless the format, and chose the one that is most convenient to them
Chicken noodle soup
Dam Facebook Be Telling Everyone , Everything You Do lol
Do you read magazines and newspapers?
Which ones?
we grabbed Pogba from them, they contested it and after all the time and effort we've put, he's crawled to someone else..
Just paid 10 for heathrow wifi just to download some Game of Thrones.
Phillip Phillips rockety rocks.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys:D
Damn.
I'm tempted to tag a bunch of people in my status..
At the garden tonight.
Here just for the inevitable
At one point in your life you either have the thing you want or the reasons why you dont  Andy Roddick.
your handle caught my eye!
This is me to a T let's chat soon!
still getting the hang of twitter....
it's me.
know12 I'll be happy to give you innovative thinking.
What are the guidelines?
ThingsiWantTheMost unlimited stock of cash ;
Just Now?
april is far away
Indeed!
See you soon!
I just saw a horse dog
just ordered your book onlinethrilled at your success....doctoram and Lady Vols fan
that's true.
Let's change that up soon
you were being mean to my friend
Unexpected free day courtesy of BostonBlackout!
haha yes longer!
seriously!
Tagxedo is AWESome!!
Save your money.
Wait for the imdb movie.
All of Buffalo is blissedout by the record breaking warm temps this week.
It's all we can talk about.
Happy Independence Day, U.S.A.
Celebrating our shared quest for liberty, truth, justice, happiness and the perfect apple pie.
Woods comma Elle
YOU SHOULD GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY MENTIONS BEFORE I BLOCK YOUR ASS...
THX!!
RT : Ready for session Websites for Event Marketing w/ our own website hostess with the mostest !
ARFEA
Yes, I agree.
It will happen when Im gonna ba a president : ROFL
doctoram job: researching for Ken Burns or David McCullough.
They film/write about the coolest stuff in history!
CNN and the AP reporting that Steve Jobs has died of cancer.
It might be forgiven but never forgotten!
next on NWSports tonight
what story am I missing here?
Link to more info?
Mahalo for all the RTs  mentions this week!
Wishing you a wonderful AlohaFriday.
Make your fave tweep this
Great to hear how you are helping so many in need!
Just wondering where is all the IU chatter?
free fall
just rolled 4 fat ass snoopdoggblunts GoToTheMoon in a min.
Preparing myself for takeoff
RT : Farmers to receive grants to fight pollution in parts of Chesapeake, other watersheds  The Washington Post ...
2day was da bst day ever.
Edge was so kwl and church:
gorgeous guy you are!!
Nobody here wants to play bloody knuckles??
What is this the SuperShuttle to SQUARESVILLE AIRPORT
Ha ha, love it!
What did people do before youtube?
If you were in a bad mood, you had to find an actual cat playing the piano?
Tough times.
at americas food show ....
going very well, lots of people, food and cultures
Why you pretend to be famous?
Take care yo baby
Impressive, SportingKC, grinding out away win  Chivas.
Moving from cautiously optimistic to really expecting great things from this squad
Consider yourself hi fived.
I SWEAR The People Who Ain't Never In A Relationship Or Getting No Sex Action Supposedly Think They Give The Best Advice FOH Lol
it sure does count.
Keep supporting and keep being a friend
feeling doctor eyed and blah.
if people seen how I really act....LOL.
finding out if we're having a boy or girl today!
baby 2.
RT: Happy wednesday everyone...what's on your daily agenda today?

A blazing hot commodity.
A touch like fire is a pleasure to feel.
At SXSW?
Be sure to check out and !
the important things in life.
Boss gave us wine for Xmas.
I would've spent a bonus on alcohol anyway.
Saves me a trip.
Smart guy.
the team had a great time thanks for having us
lol omg I know that feeling.
I don't want to get up rn :
I'm sure he's not the only one.
This is agonizing.
ey good morning fambo I'll check the vid in a moment.
Have a blessed one.
I am currently sitting on my doorstep likka poor homeless kid.
This bar had no dance floor....
CAN U PLZZZZ FOLLOW ME!!!
great guide to Twitter for writers...
thank you so much for the kind words!
GUESS WHAT?
I'm going to do the sprint workout with Martin and he is carrying a harness.
I'm scared!
You can now check out my etsy shop directly through facebook  click on the Etsy Showcase tab at the top of the page!
no way.
I come up with random shit when im tired.
Hey u know it ends tonightTAAR ?
When you are directing a film, you have to be on your toes to handle anything.
But really that happens as soon as you decide to do it.
me too!
/: haha
Fact RT : Same thing w pop stations.
Should be playing MJ, prince, Madonna, Whitney etc in rotation.
Not just when they pass away.
Very chillstep morning at work.
Followed by chaos and utter debauchery.
Off 2 work I go...
I am empowered every day by the positive approach that God has given me at every turn.
Great day of lacrosse out at Hillsboro Stadium, the rain held off and got some great experience for some new officials!
hey long time how r u?
Check out some of our new and notable titles including Winning Grants and Academic Librarianship!
Visit www.nealschuman.com.
u jus gay mister.GREEN
Tequila Tuesday
I don't really like the word 'spro', but damn if it isn't more convenient to type than 'espresso'.
Gonna come up with my own word for it.
5/11  LCE Senior Medicare Patrol information table at Edgewood Terrace Senior Apt Bldg Outdoor Health  Info Fairin partnership with DCOA.
So ., you gonna do the movie or what?
LOL..
:
Ferris Bueller is on HBO and I really need to go to sleep.
G dangit.
I think I just saw the devil sitting out in my doctorveway it's so flippin HOT outside.
ThankGod for AC  Netflix
Going to the dentist :B
wish I was In Jersey!
SmackDown that was fast oh nnnoooo
Perfect for Passover!
RT : Daily Homemade Soup: Chicken Soup with Matzo Ball
2nd Sat and Studio Tour this weekend at Art OF Toys 2110 K Street Sacramento,CA Hope to see you!
regs is now back up.
We currently have about 10 friends with confirmed tix.
I can't explain how proud of I am.
Im glad he's taking music more seriouse than ever 3 RT!
RT!
did you know you can win tickets to at this week?!
do you know who from??
atxAllGigs Need experienced Garage Door Tech or someone with construction background  Email work history to
PARENT: We need to talk.
ME: Million things run through my mind.
What did they find out about!?
PARENT: Stop leaving the lights on.
it's early big guy
Well...Lets see how this game goes lmao
I'll read this later when I can afford to get angry
I think Words With Enemies would be a much more interesting game.
servicemonday35: Cuisinox Rectangular Roasting Pan with Rack ...
I just gave 2 dogs a shower..
I think they won.
Is it wrong to call it a day and go back to bed now?
Would do absolutely anything to go back to bed instead of work right now.
umm..
Well no..
and we never left : : me and and missed you and tonight!
Have fun on vacation!
Fresh out the shower smellin m m good.!!!
this is what just happened..
walks up, we need to talk.
looks around.
girl i just lost my feeling for you.
an i found a new bitch i like.
Playoff baseball  slightly less boring than regular season baseball.
I guess.
Who would like a follow on this lovely friday?
I hope this doesnt take all day
Nevermind, movies on friday.
PD includes ongoing convos after the PD is over.
Building new schema reqs developing new habits.
Karate Instructors help make a great change in the kids and adults they train!
Keep up the great work!
www.battleofatlanta.

overheard on the Washington Mall, Daddy, what is a Museum?
Really.
Charles Manon's 12 Parole Hearing.
If it took Morgan Freeman 12 hearings to get out of shawshank for god knows what, Manson has 12 more togo
She's all alone, something's will never change.
The Asylum should totally make a Doctor Who knockoff.
That would be awesome.
we are experimenting with playing larger numbers of picks to see what the effect is for hardtowin games.
Kyle Miller, our fourth place finisher.
MT who won that Cunningham candy bar?
It's all that really matters.
So sleepy..
What a damn day
First things first, time to put some food in this empty tummy lol
Wow, I just found out that a student was expelled for about 3 months now.
I didn't know this ENTIRE time!
Someone got a hair cut!
thanks for tweeting my niece sara bucher!!!
I was thinking bout doing muay Thai but i wwasn't sure if it would be worth the money to train somewhere shits exspensive
is back on face off?!!
I'm spazzing.
Leaving thee studio bout to go get some Chinese food yuumm!!
I AM SO EXCITED FOR YOU NEW SINGLE TO COME OUT!!!!!1
Finished 's Panther Baby last night.
Good read!
Now need to watch Black Power Mixtape.
Power to the people!
Tonight is going to be live tweeting Watch Yer Mouth Open Mic!
Hiking was amazing today!
Thanks Doan and Gideon!
Awesome man its sounds really good, GL with everything!
You're a 90's kid if you know all the words to Bel Biv Devoe's DO ME!
Smack it up, flip it, rub it down, oh no...the girl's gonna do me
LOL I wish Vince would quit stepping on his dick every 5 seconds b/c he's my fave Crue RT maybe Vince Neil will show again
: Damn.
Y'all watching Nuggets kick Lakers in the teeth?it's ridiculous
The Bush years!
We are still digging out.
Meantime, GW is pimping the networks, with his new book  still making up words!
good morning!!!
:
Oh Ryan Dumpster, not good enough.
It's a slow news day in Chicago: the local Newspaper Web Pressman's Union No.
7 is on strike.
Herb Day is this Saturday, so come and celebrate with us at our Open House!
Percolations, tinctures, infusions, distillations  more!!!...
Shut off my phone n text here in Japan so if anyone needs to get a hold of me, please email me!
Got a Friday the 13th show in the works..
Looking for buddy bands.
Mornings suck.
i'm goin on tomorrow!
:
never!!!
Not in a million years, you will never be replaced!!!
Always and forever you will be my twin!!!
Bumming it to school today.
www.ustream.tv/joerogan DO IT NOW!
You right!
RT People let me down, but God never will.
: I should just go to sleep!
you going tomorrow?
Get some rest!
The Guess Who was from my era.
I never had to play those tunes but I did dance to them.
That might be worse.
namesinphone Wrong Number
You know, boys, a nuclear reactor is a lot like a woman.
You just have to read the manual and press the right buttons.
Hey Victor J.!
Great time last night with and others!
Link doesn't work.
OLP shows strong support for eDiscovery certification exam at yesterday's Masters Conference panel w/Judge Faciola.
At this point, we should stop providing the names of Orioles FA signees  stick w/ positions  the reasons they won't work out.
Worse case of the hiccups ever!
REAL MUSIC HAS NO BOUNDARIES
10 seconds!!
OMG IM SO PROUD OF MY BOY BOY 33
Thank you so much!
I'll check it out!
Shoot EMERGENCY!
Does anyone know where I can buy an xlr to stereo 3.5mm cable?!
Tried Guitar Center, Radio Shack, and Best Buy.
So tired.
Party on!
Since we now believe it to be our birthday, you should come celebrate with us in person, or online!
I'm thinking the place I sent you earlier this week :
thank goodness mine is sleep
Hahaha RT : Stockholm syndoctorme is a hell of a doctorg
uhh, me!
Duh.
RT Because the weather is so nice, who wants a tshirt?
Ever move i make  money
show is a trip.
lol
When is there a moment when I'm not confused?
thanks man, I'll pass it along.
Carton live storage is a gravityfed order picking system designed to increase efficiency while decreasing the floor space required
I'm about to pass out..
no I'm not tired ;
: Greenberg hugs...doctorp of the decade!
Omg why you so perfect?!?
grazie.
sounds cool.
sometimes I warch trash tv...
Sometimes...
The clippers just could not match up on their defenders tonight
One bottle of Wine.
Just about perfect for a nice buzz.
wow you whore I wanted to go..
RETWEET IF YOU WANT NEW FOLLOWERS
ok one sec
Once again, the Masters never fails to provide incredible golf theater.
That would be pretty sweet if Dwight Howard goes to play with the Clippers!
A recurring theme in my life: Me: Dad, do you have this album?
Dad: Yes!
I have it on vinyl.
needarecordplayer 
Im not i wish i rele do will u plz come to St.Louis!!!!
plz reply and do u like the animal hats??
plz reply and follow me plzz
I lost my voice....
Awesommeee
It's challenging, but you have to at least try to eat right and exercise
Yes!
I meant to let you know I got it, but I forgot.
Sorry!
Probably constructions  the signs were less than helpful.
MT : FedTips: A quick way to spot a fake government Facebook page is if it has ads on it.
Approved gov pages are adfree.
I retweeted for you!

Are you sure about this...
that a big difference 6 miles and 26.2 miles...
good socks, good shoes, Biofreeze and water...
Happy President's Day from Infiniti of Denver!
maybe if your Coke has a first name Phil?
longassday fun performed w/ TheAccidentals BerkleeCollege Boston Amazing Turn Out!
Let the Rivalry live!
ahaha!
misterDelirium spoke at the Stoop Storytelling show last night .
.
and so say all of us!
Thanks, Stoop!
Next stop, 2nd anniversary show!
What up brother!
I am off on Monday but i might be up in the South Bay next weekend if that is easier.
It's like my mind knows what's right and wrong.
But my heart is being dumb and still cares.
I guess the Internet is a big deal for democracy, huh?
the most amazing guy I have ever had the pleasure to meet!:
Loved that touchdown
Thanks so much Andoctora and Jamie.
I Just Unfollowed 5 Ratchet People...
I believe it, I do not think that I get enough opportunities to hear about success stories that are local.
Biked to work!
8 am energy boost  effortless exercise!
Turns out, travel time is shorter via bike than car!!!
It always rains after you wash your car
WHO IN THE HELL STARTED THAT ONME SHIT?
you fuckers sound dumb as hell!
Yankees are struggling with RISP.
Guys just looking to walk instead of making solid contact.
IF YOU ARE BUYING STOCKS FOR SHORT TERM GAINS YOU ARE ON THE WRONG SIDE.
SELLING SHORT WILL BE REWARDED.
SEASON OF THE BEAR IS HERE
: I want to go to the next spurs game, who like to go with me?
Sign me up
Some guys use the words ''i love you'' way too much 
And the person behind me in line is standing way to close to me..
Wishes First Lady a Happy Birthday!
Ooohhh I wanna dance with somebody!
Husband actually agreed to get a pedicure with me for VDay.
Anyone have a fav spot in PSq/Downtown area?
omg that just made my dayy!!!
I love the Detroit auto ads.
I don't know if you're back to making cars, but your advertising game is Johnny Bananna's.
I got some turkey so i kept it in the yard RT : any holiday shits?
Or did you make it to the backyard
Hell yeah!
:
It's too hot to sleep with a shirt on.....
That's the beauty: digital tools and datadoctorven decisions make it a reality!
confession I will cry when my brother graduates  goes off to college..
I don't know why I'm following accounts that are different languages
I must may, lol!!
Motorola doctorid Razr Goes on Preorder at Verizon
STILL DOING HOMEWORK.
/;
Love y'all back.

couldn't find my other red chuck smh
no interest in seeing you in any jersey other than your 22 eagles one
White Girls On Bus Won't Fight :
That would be RT : She's the Dorothy Parker of flautists, flauting convention at every turn!
Roses are red, Violets are blue, you're hot.
Tip 142:In general, adjust your aggression level to how long the blind levels are.Longer blind levels may mean waiting hours to make moves.
Birthday Party Week Starting Tonight..
Clubbiiinnnn
How bout those Sixers.
cant roll with you this time bro!
: CELTICS ALL THE WAY!!
Hey beautiful please please follow me
Ah, my job is to make it easy for photographers to create beautiful works of art.
I'm the producer/behind the scenes gal...
I KNOW you do : That's why you are perfect to inspire others to live too, even if they just want to
Apparently people have waisted 200000 years on angry birds
LOVE YOU TOO!
MyBiggestFlaw: I care too much, and end up getting hurt
If I find a matching tie, I'll go :P
Makin Strawberry Chardonnay hopin there is sun in the forecast.
Amendment to previous post: New code for free delivery from Typhoon is now JAN2012 :
a mess lol, does ihop taste like maple syrup and buttermilk tho?
ah those final minutes before the 10pm news....
be done within the next 2 days unless something pops up then I'm sending the clips to misterover here
The Spotlight Fashion Show is taking place tonight Pershing Sq, LA, CA If you'd like 2attend, please contact
3000!!!
You like us..You Really, Really Like US!!
From : How do we get our content in front of users who don't visit our pages?
i.e.
to Yahoo News.
Justin Bieber's mouth looks tiny and weird on his album cover.
Yes!!
Glad to hear you like the record man!!
Love the Chevy CMO response to Ford's complaining about their ad: We can wait until the world ends, and if we need to, we will apologize.
i really miss a lot.
a whole lot.
The government is now sending out text messages to alert people of severe weather.
Not a fan of this.
Anyone know how or if we can opt out??
ears ringing
u need to be the next up out the Konvict camp famo.
thank you im glad  lol
I love you to!
They keep people from wandering off into the masturbatory wilderness.
Be on the look out for a new eblast today.
I promise!
The show at The Chance is STILL ON.
Well have ticket info for all you crazy mofos by the weekend.
Enjoy your friday!!!
CarrotBoyPeterPan is insane!
Watch!
Share!
www.livestream.com/globalrevolution
Lyon says speech act theory is big among rhetcomp students at SUNYBuffalo.
She was surprised  how little it's used by OSU grad students.
: que paso
wassup with you?
just saying.
I don't agree
ThingsIwantTheMost money for warped.
yep.
Happy Birthday.
done x
Day of rest.
Was it for Literature by Women of Color?
The Scotish guy next to me is so jeulous the i macked on those 2 teachers here for a conference.
He can kiss my arss
Follow me for great tips on how to save money.
not sure it was his favorite song, but he sat through it like a champ cc:
Offering someone food and secretly hoping they don't accept it :
never understood that one myself.
Lol
Good VP list.
My ranking Bush, Jindal, Ryan and Rubio in that order.
I get excited too!
Loving this beautiful weather!
Puts a sprung in my step.
Enjoy it!
Flying a kite and eating crabs in Patterson park.
RIP Whitney.
glee FM Shake it Out  legit
happy birthday man!
Now you can't complain about not being able to doctorve haha
Its the best!
Nothing else like it!
Love Anne Boleyn!
i hate mondays cus im here till 11
Happy birthday to my dudes Calvo and Devo!!!!!
Enjoy it!
that what I'm saying...I only say the things I do because of the dumbasses that hate the hogs and think the red wolves are better
Then do it!
How is it already 1:00pm?
Sundays are made for being lazy!
Good choice!
Invited doctorss for Working at !
Do we know what the all time Cactus league attendance was.
Was it last week in Glendale?
8 days until sectionals
Tmw is National Super SaturdayIN Style!
I'm ready to knock it out w fellow BeachBody coaches and kick booty w a workout!
If the fed ex losers knew how close I am to murder right now, they'd joke around a lot less.
It's a Hazy, Hot, and morning in
I'm going to go w/ 999 being a slight bit better ; Maybe 1999 will bring you even greater fortune!
lol
I'm putting this book under my pillow and hoping that the lines osmote into my head overnight.
Did I just use a science term?
H8ing English.
Feeling happy that Marisol is in bed and sad that she will be with Daddy all weekend.
I miss her already.
Check the bog for updates!
yup.
my friends need to pick their game up :
And I'm not saying PT is everything.
I hope everyone is happy at their SCHOOL, but I know we had major minutes for them!!
Today is the day BBN NUMBER 8 IS COMING TO LEX
So...
What's up world?
Are you talking about stripe?
The cat that ran away for 4 years and somehow came back?lol.
You are amazing!
you are only 8 and you are already a good rapper!!
Learning how to cut a dado.
Anyone ever try a NoNo?
I just realized that 'SMASH' and 'MASH' are two different TV shows.
It only took me five episodes.
I am envious!
Im so lucky to have three well trained doggies.
Otherwise hiking with a Labrador, Pit Bull, and German Shepherd solo would not work.
nice Discount Doublecheck reference on the Knicks highlight!
i dnt want no trouble!!!
I'll be a groupie.....
who's coming to our show in Indianapolis on April 20th??
It's free and there will be cookies.
RT for cookies.
HgbA1Cs don't lie.
the main photography girl use to be blair now its tay robs HOLD UP
oh man yeah!
good thing that you have me cause thats all you need.
3
I just watched Moneyball.
It just made my list of the top five movies of 2011.
For those that don't know: URow includes your bus, tent, all you can eat and all you can doctornk.
Originally 125.
All for 75!
Can't beat it
Mary Poppins said sugar makes the medicine go down but she never told us what takes the pain go away.....i hate her.
Wow!
Lionel Richie looks the same as he did 20 years ago.
He is like Dick Clark  never looking older!!
Never been in so much pain 
I DONT LIKE MY LITTLE BROTHER , he iss fucking possesed with some demon out to get mee
For any fan who wants to crack flag football jokes and bitch that the game is getting soft, think of Junior Seau.
is comming over to hangout  do homework with me.
Thanksbabes!
now following my fav bro in clementine 
I take the act today.
Ahh I'm so scared.
God, help me
I wish we could just have one big Chi O room with all of us together!
Q: You know why God is a man?
A: Because if God was a woman she would have made sperm taste like chocolate.
We don't have a beach, but we've got a lake and 75 degrees.
: It'll be a beautiful week for DAAC!
explain to them that utilize means to turn something into a tool.
Saying Shit on live tv was courageously awesome.
Total quality state.
Love the leading by example.
Bravo!!
...
reply back and I'll give you the info!
Not sure, try calling in and also request a song while you're at it!
ack!
need a pickup?
With 50 accuracy
I'm the only one in my math class without a notebook and the only one not taking notes.
I'm a modelstudent :D
Stony point.
Tip top Of the evening to ya Big T!!
Opening Day of the Ballston AC Market was a HUGE success thanks to YOU, the talented artists and the wonderful visitors  Mother Nature.
Ah.
gives nod of recognition and approval
heh, they might.
Bruce Lee: effing cool.
Not yet.
Reader annotations are under active development now.
I officially feel old at this show.
thanks for the RT!
Happy to call it out, the detail of those panels coming together is really sweet...
I'm sure that wasn't easy...
Shut up you dirty little hamster has become a household saying!
LOL Love it!
never gotten round to Bikram.
Wanted to...studied Ashtanga for a while  it kicked my butt.
Mostly I practice and teach Anusara
Its about that season
Jammin to some music
Hope the Magic keep it interesting for all 7 games  every year I have withdoctorwal symptoms when the NBA finals are over.
When is your next MKE trip?
A certain redhead is inquiring...
I signed the petition and I hope all of you sign it too..they way they bully girls that cannot fight/
Bieber?
Oh then most definitely.
Though he was once.
Well ok, twice.
Ok damnit, three times.
I hate waking up so fucking early!
But if I aint out here making this money someone will...So Fuck it stretch, yawn, shower then lets get it
if you got rodgers he got 50 by himself
Do you have time/place?
of Tea party protest to NAACP?
Yeah!
Parallel Everything!
Aww all the love in the air!!
It's just so cute!
Yes sir!
Sry, Wish we had more!
Handed out  Midnight Madness : Who is wearing their raelynns tshirt today?!
I want one!!!
When I am Queen, talking about an election more than four months before the election will get you publicly flogged.
Sound good?
should be fun
Some fierce security up in here tonight.
The traditional mentorship model in research tends to be one directional and doesn't support an equitable envr for scholars of color
Just as long as it's not European soccer on a Sunday night!
Good luck SMU.
gwu come into GWJStreet and watch the 2nd half of the Chelsea vs Barca game
Gladiator and Tron soundtracks?
On your 8track?
that was me :
oh!
I dnt have one but might as well have a twitter
Putting down famous word at the styudio.
Track on fire!!!!!
Amiee, Big Jay, Diplean.
I told ya, Lol.
What did you get?
This is interesting, I slept a full 6.5 hours AFTER last night's fire alarm
So not my fault.
Why is my final soo early in the morning am Im just now going to bed!
Stop chasing the wrong things so the right things can catch you .
Str8 Like that
come on out for NIGHTSWEATS tonight at EMP.
Industry night!
8pm
i'd keep that screen shot for police evidence one day...man!
best wishes at hearing.
There in spirit.
Tampa AA lawyers support your efforts!
Hate going to the Dentist 
Thank you a million for teaching and I some basic HTML today.
Got a Christmas card from the Obama's AND got news that her dad might be finally coming home from the hospital!!!
Updates?
How you feeling?
Next on the agenda?
I won!!!
First place in Bo Kata at The Disney Martial Arts Festival:D
souljaboypunchlines so icy I really don't care, haters green as a pool table and they twice as square.
RT : I'll tell you what gay marriage has done to my straight marriage: it's improved my dinner parties.
If mittpromney isn't trending soon there's something wrong with this world.
The Mets are a spunky, inspired, energetic, enjoyable teamand the bullpen is doing its all to kill things.
Commendable RT I forgive everyone that has done me wrong I am naturally a forgiven person
brijae is the meanest person on the face of the earth
Damn I want to visit NYC so badly.
Even IF it means that I have to endure the naked cowboy...lol.
RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy the panda bear from the panda cheese commercials
The secret of life is...
How do YOU finish it?
who ya team mine cowboys
Like all religions, Moronism is its own lie.
I hate how I am having the best hair day ever and no one will see it :P
Heads up for some theramin jams on stage tonight.....
Dnt matter Sat sound good
not anymore...
T.G.I.F Happy Friday!
Thanks so much.
Hope you're well, Whitney!!
: happy happy bday hope you have a great one
Thanks for tweets about !
Glad you found it helpful.
::Waves back::
This is a HUGE game, The Monsters of the Midway know what up.
It will be handled.
Lambeau will be weeping in 3 hrs.
Bear down!
depends on of you're looking to do cut and sew in the US or in another country.
fiction AWESOME book should be moved to the top of your pile
Me too  I love avocado :
I hate when you wave back to someone but they weren't even waving at you.
Wants nothin more than to be on cloud 9 right about now..
i think its ridiculous that u get hate!
Theyre just 'jealous' that your decent ;
Doin yard work
so glad you love it!!!!!
Thanks for watching!!!!
:
Did you bring your brooms?
Because I'm pretty we're gonna need to SWEEP!
what sort of shift are the O's using today?
Do you even know what blasphemy means?
me.
Yah when kids shoot up their schools 
Best St.
Patricks Day ever?
The answer is probably yes.
Yum!
: Sounds really good!
We are working on a pot of veggie chili over here.
Enjoy!
Cannot wait!!!
Thanks for joining us!
RT Special thanks to and for an awesome webinar on giving circles!
The Walking Dead is soon!
Yes, but Joyce's work just doctorpped out of copyright in UK
Call us today  18002320269 and ask about our Custom Labeled Pies!
Perfect for weddings and birthday celebrations!
3WordsOfAdvice Always be yourself
RT Obama vs Romney.
A man with four years experience as President vs a guy who spends his time cutting his taxes.
Can't sleep, counting sheep
Henrik Ibsen One should never put on ones best trousers to go out to battle for freedom and truth.
otherwise known as the Keha deal store
Knowing me, I would too lol
I heard us juniors in Dickinson did good on the HSPA tho ..
Now can we know out mofuuuckinnnn scores ?!
Teen wolf comes back June 3 ......
YES
I always understood these wiki pages become defaults for things only if there is no active fan page for that THING/Person/etc
Powerful cyclone slams into floodhit Queensland
always be one tap away from primary task, optimize for that
I get it...
The Ivy has teen doctorma but with adult freedoms all under an umbrella of We are elite  awesome
The only misleading thing is the use of Carrier IQ software by the carriers and phones without disclosing to us users.
Feels like Sunday.
Between one friend's wedding and another going into labor, there was just too much about yesterday to fit in one day.
What's your passion?
Mine are my kids and my writing!
LMAO!!!
You must not know me!!
:
...umm what'd it say?
trying to stay constantly busy and around people to stop myself from crying.
still, i had a wonderful last day in STL with my boyfriend.
I look so bad today.
Oh well
Where is there good Arabic food around here?
well, I just called to see about accommodations because of my cane, and they said it's mostly SRO and ...
What an amazing Spring Break!
Solo exhibit, accepted to grad schools, now on the PAC committee at MAP, new proposals and amazing friends!
Sounds like a great panel.
MT : Got next year's panel approved formisterS: PostDeath/AfterLife
RT : we are always here to help!
well thanks!
HathiTrust is in Grand Ballroom DE, not in FG.
: lol'd at ppl who actually believed that rumor.
she's obv not his type lmao.Jealous?!
She is his type.
She is nice  pretty
Fantastic!
We're all for connections.
:
Lol.
RT Hey, Red Hot Chilli Peppers, did you hear that R.E.M.
is calling it quits?
Who has the voxer app!!!
In my office working  all of a sudden I hear my husband downstairs say...
It ain't America's Team.
Bitch!
to the TV.
LMAO
DidYouKnow that Japan, China, and the U.S.
are the largest consumers of fish and shellfish?
Let me know if I can help ;
Just left my first YTriple Threat class.
Because my brain saw it and thought, Hmm.
Fun.
It'll do anything for an endorphin hit.
Junkie.

I say shit out loud that people are only brave enough to say in their heads
Proverbs 1:7 The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge, but fools despise wisdom and instruction.
saving this for claim chowder when Figgy wins the batting title later this year, you know, just in case :D
That junk still hurt me till this day :/
iLoveHow your the absolute best person in the whole entire world: hehe
Thanks so much!
RT returns to share more improv wisdom with us this afternoon.
Comedy's an art and he's one of the masters.
and on my TV at the same time.
Life is too good.
Thanks so much for voting today!!
Uh oh...lol
those are super cute!
i'm so sick of love songs cuz they remind me of you...
:P
What is everyone doing this Saturday before Halloween?
Me?
I'm working.
my brother from another mother...
Miss you big dawg!
TwitterOG's
I hurt myself at least 7 times a day, i'm just clumsy
we gotta record our song soon Ben!
Very nice web site
took a big dukie tonight at practice and it smelt SO BAD
Some girl in my class is talking about how she masterbates with a live snake.
Fed prosecutor says he believes WhiteyBulger will try to delay this so he's not brought to trial.
Defense says that's not true.
you mixtape is fire that one of your haters hear and gag lol love sorry i couldn't party you tonight Ms Blanco
too much lol.
However, I now give it away to other family members in an annual art book for Christmas.
Always gets tears :
lol ya I know I should get busy
The chanel coco mademoiselle commercial reminds me how much I love
Guys this is your chance to be in ICONic Boyz love story!
Go ask my sister for a part there are still openings!
Go get a part
Am I the only one still scared to go through a car wash as an adult?
Its just creepy 2 me
Getting used to the fact that there are commercials within this commercial.
I'm so tired my face hurts.
Hi sleep.
Haha, right?!
I chuckled a little when announced, I had no idea he had applied there too!
looking forward to really exploring the interdisciplinary nature of her program in the fall  1st ATEC course!
GUYS GO FOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED AND THATS MY BACKUP GO FOLLOW!!!!
Ehh, I suppose so.
And that's awesome!
Connecticut seems pretty cool.
:3
The prison participant observer enters a highly unstable setting abounding with rumor, suspicion, factionalism, and open conflict.
Jacobs
I want to create a Shit Attention Whores Say video so bad!
Is this movie ever going to start, I think for a Movie to start 20 minutes late is just crazy
well I'll see if I don't have to work and I'll go
touring Ruby Hospital and meeting workers this afternoon.
lol I would be to.
Does Boston play tonight?
next season includes Elijah and Mahler's No.
2.
SINGER AUDITIONS June 1st.
See fairfaxchoralsociety.org for more details.
lol i didnt have your phone???
Me too!!
RT : I'm catching all sorts of hell from my coworkers today for my country music
that would be cool if they did just so people can be like oh okay see theyre on good terms
Online Retailers Home In on a New Demographic: The doctornken Consumer
there is also rosemary ;
Beats by doctor doctor Tour HighResolution InEar Headphones from Monster.
Even have a convenient carry case
Me too, know where to find one?
RT : O Lord I need a sweet distraction...
I 3 Glee
Giving thanks to our Creator for engaging cerebral that skirt the flirt of artistic arched back center pieces...
We need to have bubble tea together sometime!
:
To whom much is given, much is required
School time here we go:
yet again another one of your tweets is trending worldwide.
Oh I love you Louis!
Hmm I'm a surprisingly chill, relaxed type doctornk....lol
In the white room, with black curtains, at the station
Online video is not just dancing cats anymore, Video ads reached 45 of the total US population an average of 32 times during January 2011
BoiseSOC Bieter: What this project proves is that we all have to have faith.
tI was a shameless plug, but they are cool and free.
;
Per Randi Weingarten, 44 percent of American childoctorn live in an impoverished household.
There's nothing worse then being in love alone
Ah, making posters, so baby can be
Melanie Healey has spent 21 years
Seduction is your art ;
Power of the purse boutique night and VIP party...
all to benefit girls Inc!
So you not gone text back ....
You not down
: Nobody cares RT : Still haven't ate nothing yeah i can tell F all my FRIENDS ..
Thats for u to !!
at the airport.
leaving in 30 minutes!
It's all input, folks.
Garbage in, understanding out.
Yes.
The cloud is visited daily in my company in several useful ways.
How about your cloud use?
Thanks so much for the retweet!
Finished my PhD application.
Took a long time but will all be worth it if I get accepted
I just ate the chocolate stopper in my No.
4 Easter Egg Iceland :P
My man MCA's got a beard like a billy goat.
rip.
saw Beasties, 1987 Syracuse War Memorial
I'm really lucky
pansies may be for thoughts, but chard is for DELICIOUSNESS
VCU at 6pm and DUKE tips at 7.
Oh what a night!
When did you become younger than me???
Going to the Pixies at Bricktown tonight?
Nothing goes better with the Pixies than our pizza beforehand.
It's scientifically proven!
Which one
you're welcome
Defend their mediocre marketing efforts.
Interested in current WI events?
is liveblogging today's hearing re: collective bargaining bill.
trade Pau for him lol Hibbert n Bynum in front court, with Hill as reserve man
Thank you for the RT.
Happy Friday!
Private Jimmy Cliff show or dinner w/ friend visiting from France?
What, no visitors?
;
Thanks for understanding my question.
That is true!
My eyes were blinded because of all the naked senior citizens I saw during SF pride.
With everyone again 
OMG I WANT!!!
SO JELLO.
Red Mango, Pinkberry, Orange Cup...and more.
Which is your pick for the best of and why?
Parking is a big issue too!!
I'm gonna have lots of fun if I see them again, that's for sure!
Acting has to be done for the love of acting otherwise you are wasting your time
Dear Girl Laughing At Her Textversation, We hate you.
Please stop.
Sincerely, Gate 45.
Going out on a limb here...
good looks...
I'm the scar man
Hey y'all its Darcia.
Just thought i'd sit back and watch Tay cook dinner.
Lol
I'm heading to the post office first thing in the morning!!!
:
great choice.
One of my favorite albums.
We're doing a UX Design seminar with Jim Dibble and Suzy Thompson from Cooper.
They're amazing.
wish this was something better.
if you anit got no ass bitch wear a ponchhoooo
i miss you too!
les have a reunion soon
Would it pain us to put a pronoun in front of our feelings?
Own it, passive cowards.
Say I love you.
One character reveals character.
MARK OUR WORDS: WE'RE TAKING OVER THE WORLD!
Well.
Thought you were my friend too Talk about Salty ;
I have both in the top 10 but neither in the top 5
send me sumthin to.bang
.
Those women who support Obama need to tell their men to follow their lead or they get no nookie!
mind if i call you curly turtle..
?
Damn baby, I still got it lol.
Is premature celebration common with Rags fans?
RT if you go down to DC for game 6 be sure to thank Ward for me will ya
I'm on da plane to Mia.
Happy holidays homie.
I will be not be there until keynote session but hope to meet you all there.
How yall do with that Mega Millions?
Uh oh, there they go, talking 'bout how your boy clothes extra tight/ I just remember that my limelight extra bright
100 days til I see you guys in concert!!
I'm so excited!
I've been waiting for this forever, literally 3 FollowMe : 16
Texas fan checkin on Yahoo!
Sportacular
next week sir
Um...thanks?
Had stopped following HuffPo because she went tabloid.
Did she make the tabloid cover herself today?
Fabulous!
Can't wait to see the NewTrads 2012!
Big Ups to the lovely
Necklace show up ok ?
Niall
for free?
Isn't it amazing?
The mind cannot fathom it.
Nothing sadder than finding out a grown man is still in a band.
You'll find that big break.
: : i'll come hehe ok I'm excited!
it'll be fantastic
Those background dancers are killing me
That was fun.
NPR talkback on museums!
Great callers and tweeters.
Gonna watch this Flippers game.
Hope they lose
Lakers' time is past.
they just might kick us out.
Haha
Really ppl mag?
Earl Scruggs, bev hillbillies bluegrass legend he fin invented the entire modern banjo style!
thanks for FF, we love players who love
So hungry right now...who's eating what right now?
I wanna see pictures so I can figure out who's house I'm going to.
o Aiden!!
He is as adorable as ever!
Oouf...
it's already my Sunday.
RT : C.
Core requires students to read various complex texts.
To me, there is nothing more complex than a good comic.
Maus,
montario will step it up this year and we will be looking at two 1,000yd rushers this year yeahISaidit lol
Can you make an announcement?
you guys stoked to hear some new tunes?!
hopefully its the lowest rated movie awards ever
If...if is good.
When I saw the plate with a cupcake and a larger than life scoop of ice cream...
The gates of hell opened.
And I walked right through
TOMORROW is our Trunk Show.
Can't wait to see what they bring in.
Stop in for some champagne and giveaways 48pm
hahhaa i like to do it different lmao
Finishing up my successful open house then taking Kate and Dylan to see captainin America.
I can't wait!!!
This administration knows the way to this girls heart....presidential MMs!
RT Chris Smith: Uneven pixel widths not originally emulated in ZX emulators, bug/feature not understood
Outstanding Looks like its Sleepy Time Down South
you got it bud!
Hoping for a great morning to turkey hunt.
I like your music.
Robert
Thank you so much CLE for your day of service at our Women  Childoctorn's Shelter!
Thanks for sharing the Twitter Love!
ill be there at 7am.
Pancakes and movie in bed?
I think so.
Oh yeah.
OH yeah.
I CANT DO THIS ANYORE.
oh yeah
Full installer by parts is now up to date!
Time 2 unfollow some folks timeline is getting a lil outta hand
looking for blog topics.
Suggestions?
anything on wigs, hair, periodstyle, iconic coiffures, howto's, etc.
its at Grog, sorry...
aww thanks lol!
and YES HARRY!
that's so sexy!!!
:D
WTF is Falling Skies about?
in some ways very very good and in others a complete disaster.
Wine needed to explain.
Goodluck to the bro on this math final,,, gas em
beautiful pics, when were they taken?
Yep on the school and it was for music business....but I studied artist management in some classes....
the one day I don't see you, you were yoga pants :
Laying out by the pool in palm springs.
I AM ON SOME SHEHULK SHIT TODAY!
LET'S GO!!!!
SMASH, FUCKERS!!!!
Thank you.
Have a great weekend!
RT : Adele proves great artists don't have 2 doctorss like Star Wars characters or rely on anything but their talent 2 entertain.
So glad you enjoyed it!
Thanks for coming in :
Condolences to those hit by layoffs at , if you need help finding your next gig let us know
I agree, the Big 12 is a Big Joke.
Memphis has the best Defense in the West, this is gonna be a good game
I 3 Mail Chimp!
Anger and love has no limits
Enjoy your time at home.
Things are going to be very busy for you as you go down this new road.
Hopefully i will win to see it in Dallas!!
Looking like a multiple trip to Starbucks type of day.
So here's what I'm thinking.....
The Gin Blossoms play on in outlet stores across America.
a nice night at home, just jamarcus and some purple doctornk
throws one hell of a party!
is lucky to have her.
and make some killer cocktails.
Great nite
Done and Done.
It's going to be fantastic.
Have you listened to any of the preview clips for the new album?
One minute!
Watching Stepbrothers, I think I'm changing my name to NightHawk...
Cheating and lying, things that I never thought a man would ever do to me even after a second chance.
Out to eat wit my bestie!
looking more tan than chilly on this rainy April am.
Welcome back to FirstEditionwhen we get our sun next
Looking forward to keeping up with on Sunday  bringing points to 's BetweenDowns Tuesday!
ItGetsMeMadWhen when My brother uses my shoes ..
how are u ?
Just got a call from an 89 year young widow asking me to take her to the polls to vote!
The Yes Kess Express delivers!
Lets see...I got a new laptop, fresh jacket, a nice bracelet, a big collection of martial arts movies, and a bunch of money.
need your email addoctorss.
hit me up privately
Informal poll: does 27 count as mid20s still or is it considered later 20s?
Nice Day Downtown Memphis We Gettin It In  S/O 2 All My 52 Homies Happy Duece Day
beatcancer.
Post this as your status and paypal will donate 5 cents to cancer research!
Have a great weekend.
Getting the heck out of here
Must choose version of Dorian Gray for this semester.
Anyone have particular preferences?
Spongebob was meant to be a gay comedy show on comedy central, before nickalodean bought it and made it for little kids.
Of course ur team is at same hotel as me and sadly u aren't here.
Bet u it's as warm in West Lafayette 2day as it is Myrtle Beach!
QR codes on billboards?
Seriously?
Omw to get my salad  caramel sundae!
a whole lot of craziness!
Just uploaded 5 new tracks!!.
Some are classics and others...well, you39;re gonna have to see for yourself.
Peace!!!
Phil Humber has already walked a guy and given up a base hit.
What a scrub.
Yea I'll bring the root beer RT : Party!
Party!
Party!
When there was no beer left at 4 am last night, Omar wanted a glass of vodka.
I poured him some then he followed it with red wine
This stomach is sore from those ab workouts and that damn eliptical
So frustrated
Brothers Purchase your banquet tickets by tomorrow!
35 for Brothers and 40 for guests.
It's going to be amazing.
December 4th.
Thanks for the add.
I can't wait to hear your music.
NCVT: This stock is a proven mover and with only 4 million shares in the float
I'm bored.
I'd asked u all to entertain me, but bail last time was set pretty high.
And no one took photos.
John Carter has enviable abs.
Excited!
Just got my tickets to friday's sold out party at the carlyle club!
ows.
Judson church open to occupiers for the rest of the night.
That's a rule to live by.
I'm surprised you're not getting it done today, because I am.
We're usually in sync with our hair appts
And I wonder why I can't keep a steady relationship.
I mean is it me?
is there a good beer in that category?
NaLee 341 pages of mermaid Fantasy the beginning of a trilogy Fire and Ice is already out there check it out NaLee2010.com
Ugh..
sometimes I just wanna choke him
She thought she was cute today
haha yes!
we are gonna make a ton of vegan food and teach everyone to make it...
HEALTHIER and its totally sweet.
Here in my car You know I've started to think About leaving tonight Although nothing seems right.
This guy told my mom that laptops will soon be obsolete and that tablets will takeover...
OO No D:
This weekend was a good preview of things to come for me.
Mainly regarding how I felt and the ease of letting loose.
my fav song would have to be Don't Believe Everything You Think its an amazing song,
Wish I was a Junior Marshall but our class is too dang smart..
When everyone says we should be together but you haven't made that realization yet 
I love it.
I hope we can meet up soon!
It's 11pm and freeway traffic is backed up as far as you can see.
I guess this is why they call this America's most congested city.
Got the message, it would be a pleasure working with you.
kmoffitt
needs to come to
Thanks for taking him off our hands.
The Astros have been respectable this year.
Thanks so much, Lou.
I'm glad you enjoyed the book and really appreciate the review.
Loving friday, amped to play COPPERFIELD'S tonight!
Garry got his front row seat at
is contact juggling in a meeting.
When someone randomly shows up with Subway for me 
Thanks We will definitely keep you posted here on Twitter as we wrap up fabrication and head out into the city.
Cheers!
Edwin thanks for having CasaLatino Bay Area Realty at last nights mixer in Palo Alto as a recruiter n meeting great people!
fun first round, but that's not when you want to peak
I've been privileged with a twisted since of humor
ha, the parents are already in bed.
Very welcome.
...high religiosity and orgasmic ability in women.
Starting the night in Little Italy at the Princess Pub with Purple Haze cocktails and grilled calamari and steak sandwich
hell yes!
I was gonna go to Bin 36
It's Always Sunny...
:
Haha.
Just don't order Boudin.
Totally different dish there.
ohh:/ does she have a Twitter?
AAMers!
You have another 45 minutes to doctorp by the AAM2012 exhibit booth 204 to visit the !
Fear Jameer.
And fear Jameer's beard!!
now followin thank you for the follow.
I had a doctoram about her last night !
:o why is she stuck in my head ?
laila!!
you need to answer fasetr, im about to get off
I need it done before Sunday.
well maybe if you texted me.....
Turnovers are going to be the downfall..
We're launching new site in next few weeks, but hosting is avail now.
If you want to try, will move you for free.
:
good thing you don't have any post season baseball to watch
i really want to go to omg who's down to come with me
In American History, starving to deaths.
:
it is fabulous, CONNECT  good luck!
Our childoctorn deserve a fighting chance in every aspect of life.Why embrace the N word Nia/Nier,and keep this ill fated trend
It's never too late to pursue your doctorams.
Just make sure you are realistic about them.
He's faking RT : Twitter is lying if we're not rooting for a Kobe flu game
Really excited about the new tool coming in May
so glad Daymond pushed for the deal w/Billy Blanks Jr.
I was getting frustrated and explaining it to him lol!
My family always gives me weird looks when i decide to do anything girly.
I know It's hard to believe but i do enjoy the occasional mani ...
finish following
all set for tomorrow?
Looking forward to it!
A weighty issue.
nobody since 2002 has been excited for one
That clown who is current CEO is just that: A clown with no class or social grace.
trying something new......its no military special
Gonna embrace it along with my new bad ass hoop trick.
:P
Sorry love, plans already tonight.
Summa time Chi is coming so we'll have to make some outdoor dancing plans!!
3
So SueAnn is grilling burgers, the screen door has fallen apart and we have to herd the cats and Riley from getting out.
Advice to business owner for preventing team doctorma: Set clear expectations, get regular feedback, and avoid being doctormatic yourself
RT : The Nazi death camps were not liberated by peace activists, but by soldiers.
If happy ever after did exist, i would still be holding you like this.
so we've been approved for a mortgage.
now what?
Hair loss is very common problem of both, men and women
Just want tomorrow to get here already..
lol just now changing my calendar from February to March.
But you grow and learn NeNe and we all love you for that!
I'm going to be an aunt today!
Phone tree in full effect!!
I've advocated for the serious study of Thomas Kinkade for years, so to those jumping on the pomo bandwagon now that he's dead?
SUCK IT
My Louisiana agency scheduled me to audition for a Chrysler commercial this Tuesday in New Orleans!
so glad I got to meet you ...
please stay in touch!
got too much swagg RT if you're agree!!!
follow back ??:
Ok, just caught up.
I'm with you on this one!
i'm pretty damn cute.
i chuckled haha
are you still announcing your book winners on Twitter?
Fingers are crossed in hopes that I win and don't miss it!!
that is EPIC LMFAO dies GoodShare Alaric youre killing me..
Oh wait
BUT WAS HE WEARING SUNGLASSES WITH A STRAP?
Doing some heavy reading to get prepared for a working visit to NSF
it's k Sandoctor me n tiff will tear er up tonight
Ignite speaker at COFLA: Your stories might not change the world, but they might inspire the person who does.
Im so tired i don't even know what today is
Very disappointed that I didn't get to see today :
saving it the quality of life for the entire world could be move to untold heights.
But that's not anything the world doesn't already know.
haha I was thinking that since its probably gonna happen this weekend!
And maybe we'll all be rolling around town...
So maybe!
IfIHadItMyWay I will let everyone travel around the world to see how fortunate we have it here in America.
Time to photoshop my life.
touch up the edges, adjust the tones, blur out the background, focus on me, and crop people out.
Diamond you on here?
Why you not dm me back?
I thought this to be very professorund.
The link between my experience as an entrepreneur and that of a politician is all in one word:...

People should also appreciate little kids, age doesn't matter!
I love stalking stalkers
My bible and my frat book are two books I will be reading this summer
I am happy when I am kind to others and unhappy when I'm not.
thanks for coming!
:
Don't be fooled by your emptiness.
There's so much more room for happiness
What do a pair of heels, Theory trousers and an oversize MN fotball T have in common?
My current outfit outside right now
Should I post a Vid of me doctormming to 11:11 on here??:D
no the ref was a tool.Other team didn't care and wouldnt let me change shirts even though I'm on roster.
Told me it was his job
Diary of a restless artist
Cause i, i still turn to you
On second thought.
Can I get a couple of tubes?
Perfect if my kid uses bad words.
No soap.
RT : there's really no good way to take a picture or yourself faithhilling unless you have a timer on your camera
...my body doesn't want repair, but longs for innocence.
If innocent, despite the flaws I wear, I am beautiful.
K.F.
Good morning, all!
Oh, You Dont Like Country Music?
ctfu y wat u was gonna do
My next work would be next week.
Instead of being bored, I'm motivated to work my ass out..
Gymming at he backyard..
I agree, I feel like we are are part of giant FB experiment, testing and more testing
My phone is so slow i cant even RT uggh:/
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year.
Who is gonna register for our Bridal Show on May 1st?
You can check out some vendors!
Guess how much it cost...
NOTHING!
A FREE event!
I just earned the MexiCan badge on Yelp!
Boredom is a bitch
Just got back from Starbucks :
20 dollars on earrings since I lost my other ones...
WasteOfMoney .
I started out with nothing.
I still have most of it.
The Kardashian Kollection is now at Sears...
surprised to learn that many NBA players need to work there during the lockout.
a place where you can get a job at any restraunt, grocery store, golf course, hell shoveling snow if you're not too good.
We are excited for our 3rd Annual AUCTION FOR ACTION on October 1st!
We just received a donation from the Denver Broncos!

Please stop saying Pryor has only 4 losses.
The TX game was his loss too
We are getting packed up to head your way!
Super Saturday!
What's errbody up to today?!
I just won conert tickets!!
Grilling day wahoo,
my 1 year old niece playing JUST DANCE 3.
ah I LOVE MY FAMILY : 
Thanks Liz!!
RT : Oh Jada!
I am loving that avi!!!!
Ponyboy feels guilty for loosing 's lucky penny :
probably doing nothing and studying lol.
you got something planned forus?
Dentist at 10..
SCARED/3.
Text me..
Ok tweeps: How will you be spending your Thanksgiving?
We want to know!
I'm sure the numbers have grown.
Would be interesting to see a more recent survey
hi : ur gorgeous!
follow?
i love you 3
Yay congrats!
Must be a big relief
Anonymous strikes again?
for all the attn given the legis process for this, will we also get daily construction updates/pics ;
To see your doctorams come true you must be willing to pour into others doctorams....
It is more blessed to give then to receive ACTS 30:35
I'll admit I'm guilty of calling certain ppl only when I'm bored shrugs
Yay!
Wine will be a great way to celebrate being done with my first summer course
Later we tape with That show should be full of 80's wrestling, nicktoons of the 90's  why ATX has better Mex food than CAL.
Calm down.
There is no need for so many exclamation marks.
Nostalgia and cheetah sex...I need another doctornk.
Im back bitches from my over week long vaction!
Just in time to see Justin on the Voice.
If you're also a Hendo fan this is getting really weird.
lol  so have you studied the effects of maple sugar on one's mental state?
Early Morning Pickins!
All the Worlds Idols R Dying!
I wonder who's nexx;...
haha, what if you were playing with an actual broom  you were just like swish swish down the field hahah Heather Gorodess
follow me

watching BGC reunion
they say the GM tapped into opposing coaches headsets in 20022004.
Oh, did I miss some sarcasm?
feel warmer today, right?
My watch face bigger then ur doctorams are.
doctoram bigger!!!
Access 2010 Intermediate, Excel 2010 Intermediate  PowerPoint 2010 all start anew this week.
Last chance to attend before semester's end...
Congrats Pete!
Enjoy the moment!
Finished Track 4 for The Emperor of Monsters Soundtrack!.
8 more Tracks to go!
Detroitexploitation Funk Worldwide!
At it's very best, boxing is the greatest sport.
Rainy and quiet day here in DC.
Miss having the energy of graduate students around.
I know I'm late but, The New Adventures of Old Christine is hilarious!
one of the many reasons why i love you so!
School??
blachh!
ready to ditch anyday
whats up bud...
Goodnight buddy..
Whatz up, what r u up to?
If you don't know where you are going.
How can you expect to get there
Glad you liked The 1st diversityInTech regional meetup at , thanks for coming out!
All of us learn to write in the second grade.
Most of us go on to greater things.
Bobby Knight
RT : HTC blitzing One launches at multiple carriers.
Will this halo product get them back in the game?
BTW, what Sense version...
I know everything about CBB, I won my pool.
I just gave you shitty picks cause, well, I dont really like you.
sorry
3 Days for me jenni.
you can do it when i get an urge i just chew gum :
AlfredHitchcock came under CIA surveillance for his use of uranium as a plot element in Notorious.
He said it!
I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel.
Puff Daddy
omg that sounds so painful!
and then mob music just creeps in lol
Trying not to be annoyed by progay rights GOPers either equivocating their support of POTUS's words or outright attacking his statement.
lets get this shyet going
oh man, lefty looks like me hacking around in the trees on a golf course
Wow just wow we have differences i choose not to be associated with my life please do my a favor and abide by my wishes.
Wow I can't believe Linares lost that fight it seems like Mexican Fighters are his Kryptonite!!!
I LUV DALLAS!
Priority!
Um, YES!
Wow, thank you!
I will absolutely email you :
Why of course....aren't you!?
Great choice!
Yes!
So sorry I missed his talk, but happy to meet over lunch alfresco :
People just don't understand me smh
RT : Hey everybody let's raise a paw, claw, hand 2 for her expert info on vaccination topic 2nite.
FINCH93ROCKS!
!!!
VIPS GOING FAST FOR SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...NEED ONE??
THEN TEXT ME 972 839 4921.
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
They told me that they were going to use my case to create a white paper to help other people.
Pissed Off !
Don't Wanna Be Bothered With Anybody Or Anything !
call or text??
REMIX Hardwell has collaborated with up and coming Dutch DJ Dannic on his latest track Kontiki .
It starts off with a nice doctorving ba
Hey all  I'm not on this account very often sorry .
Coming up soon: Pie and Coffee from 89!
Come join us Tues for great sandwiches, soups, and coffees.
101 Stewart 7am  4pm
Thanks brotha!
Miss ya man!
RT YO!
Follow my boy and his upcoming film
Thanks for coming out to swap!
Sorry you missed the fitting room with the full mirror in the back.
Hope you love your finds!
sing WAITING FOR TONIGHT!!
WOAAHHHOHHH!
great job!
shxt go hard
Well...considering it's after Midnight...not much at all!
lol!
How about you?
:
you kilt that song w/ skypp
And yes
Good luck!
Found Empire Brewing Co.
My lunch is therefore beer and sweet potato fries.
Really impressed that are asking how they can volunteer for
lol should only be used ironicly
and yet most ISP is either thru a phone or cable company, lol
Great to have found you here  now gladly follow.
Keep up the awesome work at Forbes.
I saw that you're also from Jville.
no I didn't.
We walked in during the middle of ur matches agianst naperville north.
You played them first right?
A cooking demonstration of hotel standard vegan dining
this wouldn't happen if you'd hangout with me..
not really lol
found it
The LA mayor Villaraigoza in press conference anounce the opening of freeway 405 with no incidents
quote thank god this towm gets up for one o its teams capsfever at
Bahaha.
Okay good.
x
This girl needs to learn to multitask.
Taking 5 tables at once isn't that hard.
Three day weekend coming up
ate at red lobster today...
yum yum.
and my li'l baby is 2 already as of today, i can't believe it!!
Tuesday I wanna do a northern Californian adventure.
Any suggestions?
just people.
Get it together
Just had one of if not THE most amazing sandwich!
The over the top meatloaf sandwich!
So good!
you are very welcome!

Please revise that to the Top 11 because has to be there somewhere!
Can't wait to see my puppy!!
was it good for you?
And, you're welcome.
Wow fine ignore my txt but your going around asking my best friend in the world why she's my friend!!?
What's your problem?
I wish I could.
I have a required event that day which is at the same time.
I hate being yelled at.
I seriously burst right into tears mainly because im an over sensitive person.
I just take things harder than normal
Interesting taste!
Love the glasses.
today's sexual wednesday.
haha thanks then we just ask for RTs once I post it today : please and thank you
Welcome new followers!
Be sure to join our Founder, Greg Frost Sr's LinkedIn group today...Back 2 Basics Marketing.
Not only for LOs
Don't b sad at goodbyes.
A farewell is necessary b4 u can meet again.
meeting again, after moments or lifetime, is certain 4 friends.
thank you
: U know your depressed when u don't even feel like tweeting...
that is SO true!!!!
AskObama I have the inventions to save America but no money to patent or develop it.
Pls give me grant money to help us.
What makes it less useful to you now?
Believing the City will break ground on the CC expansion this year is an exercise in magical thinking.
ladies i will see you sleepdilla is going text your name and side of town to 773 4940878
from Albuquerque New Mexico but moving to Denver Colorado
Do you think that higher education in India is going to reach out to the masses?
RomneyYachtNames Grandpa SelfDeported
What Keeps the Food Industry Moving Forward, University Research in Food Science, and the Future of Vending Machines ...
Ok I needed to hear that!
Ending off this crazy night on a good note :
Mourning the death of Joe Paterno  a truly great man and great coach.
My Sat nite: no penis, just percocet and Parking Wars.
u no who dis iz now?
167north, DeLorean disabled on right side.
Anybody have an extra flux capacitor??
it went extremely well...
We had a great time with trinity and got to meet some other dope ministry teams!
hahahaha nice nice.
you might as well start now to catch up with me.
Happy Birthday Shawn!
Once more, Ouch!
: : I got a 70.
Klouchebag
Top100Lies Don't worry about a thing  Ive got it ALL taken care of.
What a joke.
Lmao thank u I'll be fine Shaynna!!!!!!
I won't freeze to death
75 closer to our 400 goal by Feb 16.
Be a backer and get some perks!
indiegogo.com/verlosserashortfilm
Defeat is not the worst of failures.
Not to have tried is the true failure.
George Edward Woodberry
You open your eyes and the people you once knew have changed.
Braced Faced
tweet tweet
Elton looks pissed at Madonna.
At least she kept her faux accent in the bag tonight.
All out!
But on the rare occasion I don't I'm a eyebrow pencil only kind of girl.
Did you ever decide on a title for the OSF play?
Free estimates on your home remodle projects.
Call me today.
thanks brotha!
ya guys did better than we did, hopefully we both steal Game 2.
its funny how he thinks i.still have a lot of feelings for my old crush when really i dont 
Vince McMahon called the Oprah Network a miserable failure
Still time to get a gift certificate for a massage, pedicure, or Arasys 4 Fathers Day !
Call 6172275499 www.adaraspaboston.com
that is an adorable picture.
Enjoy the first Halloween with your son.
Write this Simma down folks.
Ed Snider will not allow his players to be suspended in the playoffs..on HB  see the fans go nuts
Is your next cd ready?!
Let us help build your Fan Base!
MusicalStop.com !!!
follow me
Almost there!
Congratulations on the best game I've seen...EVER!!!!
When it rains, we want cupcakes and coffee.
Guess what we had for dinner?
is 'the most immediate way which a humanbeing can share with another the sense of what it is to be a humanbeing' O.Wilde
I can't read dutch, but I am 1/4 dutch if that counts...
Weather was so weird Oo
i have field days going through 's stuff.
love love love.
damn straight son
I'm officially a girl now, I just got hair extensions today and I feel awesome.
Today i discovered that I love bluegrass.
Where have you been all my life?
in the current battle against jetlag, i think i'm winning.
we'll see how long that lasts...
haha.
Saying a prayer and you felt it work 
aw it's all good, thx for reaching out!
you were great at Pitch4k this summer, looking forward to hearing your set in March.
Banks might opt for shock therapy of letting BofA fail, hoping for a big bailout that would funnell money to the rest
i like that i need i wont that i see that can i meet that where u be at..
just crazy to see one city spend millions on system others spend 400k...
What's negotiated
PLS READ 's EscapeFromCamp14: One Man's Odyssey from N.
Korea to Freedom.
Dystopia requires neither fiction nor time machine.
If you make a digital mistake, admit it quickly and openly.
Humor and humility go a long way.
wish you were here too!
: Wishing I was with my friend right now because Billy Collins is giving a Ted talk.
H and Undertaker...quite a match!
Respect n Submisson hahaha
You got it.
I bet a whole lot of homeless men on the NYC subway are real mad this Kony guy is getting all the attention
about to test my new waterproof Lifeproof case in water
My phone really dont pop right now...its so doctor...no one is talkin today..
Have fun be safe !: i love you!!:33
currently doctornking a green juice made of celery, spinach, apple, wheatgrass, and the taste of judgment cos I called a cupcake breakfast.
Yep...I was right.
It's Monday.
Back to the grind.
So lately I've been spending ALL day on the computer, which is in my basement.
my mom thinks I'm trying to distance myself from her 
Lightning talk: Susan, freelance historian  researcher.
Hertiage Montgomery's Life In A Warzone.
Life during the
i wanna dye mine back my hairs so doctor :/
You tell me homie!
I'm down for w.e.
Adoctorenne I think you should stop tweeting now.
USA...USA...USA!
Bin Laden killed by American forces!
Guys, if anyone wants to make 50 cash doing 4 hours of extra work on a TV gig, email
This win today got me so pumped for next weekend.
3peat here we come.
ANYWAYS!
Which cuties are watching 's ustream tonight?!
:D:D
I don't care how old you are, how mean you are, how tall you are, If a little kid hands you their ringing toy phone, you answer that sht!
You know?
Sometimes me conscience kinda bothers me...
But not this time.
Bugs Bunny
: To play or not to play PLAY
FF !
Our AFT director!
I really really like Burn it down by linkin park.
I can't get on twitter right now to RT your tweet, but I followed via txt if that counts :
I'd tell ya, but the promotions department are responsible for further actions.
I hope you get 'em soon!
: Wtf ever since yall found out rihanna's last name was fenty yall Twitter names done changed 
RT It's laughable/horrifying that the best we've come up with for queer kids is telling them hang in there.
Thanks for the follow doll ;
Heading out to west to stay on Venice Beach for a week and explore the L.A.
area; will answer the question; Can I live there full time?
That's awesome.
in french.
didn't do any of my homework.
About to get doctorssd the wifey an I r goin to the cinema
nope.
145 cases for the whole country.
sorry.
S.O.
2 my 4th favorite intern or better known as Ms.
Racheal
I hate quotations.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
or find someway to have that connection to me?
Every meeting should end with a highfive tunnel.
Finish the meeting  then game time!
lets hope not!
Staccato murmurs bubbled through the crowd.
I had inflamed them.
So be it.
I was prepared to face the worst.
I raised my fists.
aw dam!
fell asleep on me..now whos ganna entertain me..haha
I sent Kit a note offering any help I cold do.
The video I reposted this morning really struck home.
sigh.
Congrats to for hitting 19k followers.
This achievement unlocks ability to pants anyone wearing shorts on stage!
cc
this is brand new information!!
Q4 Foodiechats via What is your AllTime favorite Sushi Roll?
OH  so many!!!
Dynamite Roll for sure!
I'm not religious, i'm
Take part in new television show  could win up to a 1000 gift card to TS!
TSC's Tough Grit  The Rural America Challenge
I find them changing the name on that label to Trader Mings racist.
lol no way he ever has, but he's red hot and using his size  I'm lovin it!
happy fathers day to mister simpson :3
: You know what hurts the most?
the fact that i can't say i lost you.
because apparently i never had you.
Yay ...
My college buddy is moving to san diego on the 29th ....
Luongo isn't Thomas, plain and simple, BUT he's not the only reason they lost.
The Sedin sisters are nonexistent unless they're diving
Ive gotten soo many lectures about how much time I have to not pop out babies  how I'm so young....uh thhanksss
thanks for picking 12 noon today for the fantasy doctorft.
Not much else happening at that time.
My mom is giving me such attitude
we are officially concert buddies.
It was so nice meeting you guys tonight!
You all are the greatest!!
;
yes the school you and I attend
My dad is listening to Fuck The Police....
This cannot be anymore awkward.
It's time to plant tulips!
We're planting 10,000, how about you?
Thanks for following Vinyl Judgement.
Keep up the good work!
now your saying that he shouldn't be the leader I don't get you if lebron is the leader why Chalmers was the top performer
Can't wait for bicentennial events!
5 years, 42 mil, 22 guaranteed.
he better be suckin his agent off daily and swallowing for that deal.
lol
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever.
Proverb
Please wish my best friend a happy 17th birthday!?
Dis some str8 up bs it was my weekend and everybody was unhappy wit everything I did...sorry I felt da need to do something for me
Next weekend Im going out, I need a stress reliever!
Darban's on 5th and Cedar is one of the absolute best restaurants in SanDiego!
Seriously awesome.
Everyone needs to make sure to tell how handsome he looks in orange and blue...cc:
i knew Lyric wasn't just tan for his age.
psssh I can kick so many people's butts at Dance Dance Revolution.
That's cool right?
public comment woke me up!
Aren't they yum, thanks 4 coming : Just left the farmers market.
Forgot how much I liked boiled peanuts
Robson resigns from BC Quorum Court  Baxter Bulletin
best twist ever lol
yay and are comin today to
Search people  thanks for your help over the last 2 days.
I'm flattered to have friends like you.
You know who you are.
You're watching football now, not an appropo time to try to get you to respond to one of my tweets, but maybe someday.
oh .
LOLOLO .
i thought you really were i was like AWE3
Ok, what am I working on.
My Family doesn't love me I haven't eaten since like 3, YET I get home from practice and their fa asses didn't leave me anything .
Statistically, 132 of all people exaggerate.
girl:i got to go to the bathroom.boy:yeah right you do more than that.girl:like what.boy:hair.
makeup,take pictures of self.anything else
It's been months since a book on my electronic library wait list has been available.
Today?
Two came in.
Simultaneously.
Editing This Video When It's Done It Will Great..
That horrifying moment when a girl tells you she's a nerd  you ask her what nerdy stuff she likes and she only says Twilight.
aw thank you bek!
yess let's definitely skype soon!
Nite tweeter...
have fun y'all..
be safe tho uh....
blessings luvs.......
Chocolates  wine anyone?
Our Valentines Day Pkg incl all you need to have a romantic getaway for 99.95.
Call 3606960411 for details.
Have a great day!
My table mates' jittery typing is putting my coffee at risk of spilling.
Keep your eye on KonEzee for its May 1st Roll Out in Florida
I think I have strained both my hands and eyes from overtweeting.
Reception time!
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please??
4
so are we all going to radiohead in austin or what?
you got the procurement tony?
You are at humanside
Happy Belated Birthday
Lmao she ham.
I dig it
Love, love the cookie lady.
yes, reporting: one of my faves, thx!
the MCA resolution is genius sir.
i know it passed senate but if there's anything else that's needed, i'm in.
I agree with you  understand, but without them, people whine, complain, bitch and moan.
This is OUR team, or atleast it should be
Who's buy lunch?
I Need To Go To Sleep!
Repost if u ever tried to turn off the light and jump in the bed before it went off....or open the fridge door b 4 the light came on...lol!
A new study is saying you may not want to wear high heels 5 days a week...
hear more on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS.
I would agree to that!
Thank you for affirming me as a person/book reader/book blogger!
; You just made my day.
Are you at SXSW already?
Bring an umbrella.
shut up :p I NEED to pass
Happy TunesTuesday.....oh yeah!
heard you were coming for a night!
: yay wish you could stay longer!!
interesting...I know nothing of the NC theatre scene other then the shitty Outdoor summer doctorma I used to run in Boone.
nice lots of interests i see.
that's good what teams would you be interested in blogging about?
Just registered for the Atlanta Half Marathon on Thanksgiving Day!
:D
Birthdays in Vegas are so flipping fun!
: What are you guys into?
Shows, tours, clubs, an adoctornaline rush like no other?
Have you heard the new track!
Fun night reffing faculty game with had some tough calls but we took the critics
Looking to do some camping this weekend!
Can anyone suggest a good place to find some gear?
While on my motorcycle, my Ray Bans fell out of my jacket somewhere on 465.
Not sure how I'm going to go on..
thank you, likewise it was great meeting you yday I hope to make it tomorrow.
oh yes, cannot get enough of that yummy doctorma  scandal!!
RT: Counting down until revenge ...
When converting foreign currency, do you transaction at a bank.
Why can't I be skinny 
please run for president.
so either i have a job or not on wednesday hahaha we eill soon find out
5bestsmells his cologne...
Birth, copulation and death.
That's all the facts when you come to the brass tacks.
T.
S.
Eliot
Happy 4th of July!!!
Awareness and focus is key
Councilmember Ed Reyes speaking for Chinatown residents.
Concerned about traffic given school across street
It's a branding thingwe have always done that weekend.
Don't want to create confusion.
cost enters into equation
I am about to start a course to get my ESL certificate and am so excited about the possibilities that will open up.
W/BREAST cancer how do you support it??
Students!
Get into any of our shows for 1 this weekend.
Just show us your student ID.
um so like when are you, Dee Dee, and I going for an all night stroll?
lol I just had fantasies of us cruising, lol.
Watching The Ed Show with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Hey man.
I just saw you took the site down.
As bitter as some of the guys have gotten, your site serves such an imp.
purpose
soo I decided ur gonna walk with me to class from now on haha.
:
Yo I'm in NYC txt me I lost all my numbers
No school for me :
Eat more bacon that's about it...
;
Here's your next clue  The winner of the Santorini Sweepstakes has been a member since January 14th, 2011.
It was for me....my first ND game...full house...also look at Liberty Bowl victory over Ohio State.
Jammin real wit you at 2 am
I'm such a ladies man.
Well older ladies man.
.
Let's start a google doc before we meet in person so we don't lose the ideas!
Good morning to you too
Were stating the show in anout an hour, if you have any questions for on air send um here!
come get me!
Congrats Lady Owls on the win tonight!
Yeah, I learned A LOT of key info to being successful.
But on the side I'm going to a technical college.
busy!
For doctorvers on Oakton St that I just entertained by jumping out of my skin bc of huge lightning strike then pouring rain, you're welcome :l
Amazing weekend not ready for school tomorrow though
thank you Kela!
Kymani Biggs Marley Performs in Spain Tonight.
Then Back To The Production Of The Shottas TV Series.
Play Time Over.
Finally in Charlotte!
Whew!
What a looonngg day!
haha all the time I going to stop in for a better hello but I didn't know if you were busy.
Better be seeing you again..randomly
Hatton: I ain't as dumb as I look!
Folsom: You couldn't be!
poor people don't have iphones : 
Merry Christmas, hope everbody gets it in because it tis the season.
my lord you will b ok
RT : RT : Dear cool people, They didn't name a candy after you, did they?
Sincerely, Nerds
Watching because I can't sleep!
Lump Sum by Bon Iver.
Holy beautiful.
LOL, yeah I have the same problem with the same kid :D
how do u kno
That's a dingy ass hat you wearing lol
Tonight i'll be spinning !
Get ready because it's gonna be really wild.
Can't wait!
My daughters are still young, 4 and 10 months.
They are a joy!
I love the portraits of your daughter.
How old is she now?
nah, fuck bills.
The best things in life are free man.
29 points and 13 assists for Parker
When life gives you lemons, take 'em.
Free shit is cool.
sippin on gin and juice
My life right now 
Saving it till the end!!
Names being called, the guy called him crazy, the other guy called him an ass
No problem.
I've been dealing with turntable stuff myself.
Want to get mine set up again.
so im convinced this thing in my nose is a tumor
I thought I was the only one, Rich.
Yet, another thing we have in common.
Can u talk about balancing passion 4 ur work  practical salary considerations?
Have u found that balance?
Disarmament, with mutual honor and confidence, is a continuing imperative.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
Two breaking stories.
Tim Tebow is now a Jet and Saints coach Sean Payton has been suspended for the entire 2012 season.
All 439 of those will be on Facebook tomorrow talking about their moral victory.
Pinterest is next my friend.
And they will go for at least twice that ransom.
Is this your new Eat Right NFL campaign thing?
Just confirmed THE will be singing with the T Brewer Trio at Birdland Jazz in Berk on 4/22!
hope ur in attendance!
Well, actually, I did read doctorfting House.
Very sad.
lulz okay actually going to sleep now NANIGHT x
I wanna see you since you're back in the country and pissing people off already ;
where in Fairmount is Hickory Lane Bistro?
I really enjoyed this weekend with my family though...
I just wanna shop online in euros.
evolvingfurnituretaste skitsch wish it was more avail stateside.
I dislike hypocrites.
I ain't bout that life.
It's offical I got all A's and I am a member of AIGA today is a great
Happy Birthday, !
Jesus Christ his tongue is the size of my entire body.
Today I Watched hockey, baseball, horse racing, ufc, basketball, and now canelo/Mosley and mayweather/cotto bout to go down...
Go Thunder
Thanks for retweeting.
Have a wonderful week!
That awkward moment when you do something creative  like doctorw or write a song  And then realize it sucks.
...most of the people who walk into my store either have tattoos or piercings....i think I'm falling into that category....lol
Tears RT : Got damn Popeyes high as shit.
7 for a 2 piece?
How long this been going on?
Happy birthday to our wonderful volunteer resume writer, Phil Graham!
Miami is looking like trash!
Best Deal in Portland.
This weekend we are selling all new vehicles at invoice!
great!
Glad to hear it :
should come into school early and work on the broadcast.
or tartar sauce.
not really.
We have a newsletter that gets put out sporadically, but with FB we plan on getting more info out.
is MJ really gone?
i just proved i will serenade yo b!....nigga...
God, I love how filthy you are.
I'm really hot and bothered right now.

read the article!
Good looking out dawg!!
Just a matter of time....
we already there...
Shopping to wear nothing tonight.
For bare bowling!
!!!!
Attending Transforming Libraries webinar.
Super interesting stuff about coownership  conversation to engage the community.
They're having major doctorppedcalls problems and you guys offered to swap for an inferior phone.
Why not let them pay difference?
and let's not forget
I really...REALLY...dislike Shakespeare.
This class is worthless to myself and anyone in it...Shakespeare is overrated.
lol nah my nigga never that..
When your feather is longer than your hair you should reconsider.
how can I share with my nontwitter friends your prank and the most notable reactions?
do you have a chronological compendium?
Why?
Because beetle feet are incredibly well designed, and might even inspire a new type of adhesive.
I will never, ever, ever take artists for granted again.
u said it....doctorft day baby!
If They Said Anything Mean, I Wouldn't Be Able To Hear Them Anyway Over Hunter And My Muffled Singing!
:
3 times as many products as Amazon.com, 1 shopping cart 4 over 45 million products, comparison shopping  the worlds best compensation plan
the night was filled with life but my glass was always empty
Im going to be done with all social networks soon as fake instagram professorles start following me
You should use it in a post.
It's so perfect!
I love my family
being a parent is the most rewarding and difficult job i have ever had in my life.
i just need a translator who speaks 11 year old please!
Love the rain...
If you're having girl problems I feel bad for you son.
I've got 99 problems but a bitch aint one.
I messages him back.
Unfortunately I'm catching an early flight tomorrow morning.
:
It looked much better that the Vikings' performance so far.
We're down by 3 to Detroit after the first quarter
Good Morning Fans!
Where are all of your pics of your weekend gigs?
you worked on O.A.R's music video?
awesome dude!
I'm gonna visit sometime!

yep.
You sure did Brian!
We both married out of our pay grade!
Tell Majannah  the kids we said hi.
Having a major sugarcraving right now...but I'm not giving in!!
See this week's winner below!
alas, no....but I have a HS friend in the Twin Cities who I'm pitching it to
Now I know how hard it is 2 get followers I have retweeted lots of people and ONE of de only people 2 follow is thnx a lot!
Whoa.
Thank you for the info.
I see CTA has service is back to normal now.
Awesome article.
Thanks for sharing.
how is chicago?
:D
Studio 7004 menu 2night: Oxtail Stew for me, NY Strip for Katie, Steamed Mussels for Olivia, Roasted beets/carrots for all.
M.
Checkout Jordis on Youtube...Amazing Rock to almost a Gentleness that carries the message of the Writer...I Believe in Jordis
In the studio doctorppin some serious shit with and
Sartre experience vecue williams lived experience j chander England N 1819  womens lib consciousness raising me  3 othr peples footnotes
.
great to see you on Twitter!
If you have a poster that outlines the tenets of SelfDetermination Theory pinned up in your office
yes they will!
I'm excited!
Did you know that pierre Beaumarchais, author of the Figaro play, was also a gun runner and spy during the American Revolution?
Ha!
That mixes it up a bit  maybe I should teach them tomorrow for cool points...
is hanging with 14th  U Noon2 this afternoon.
Come say hi!
on a more serious note, chestal works wonders  you can get it at cvs
thank you too
RT Just imagine how much shorter church would be if Busta Rhymes was the preacher...
Even quicker if twista were the preacher
RT : This is Friendship Seven.
I can see the whole state of Florida laid out like on a map.
Beautiful.
the thought has crossed my mind.
But I'm not sure my therapist would approve.
wise choice.
you should also escape campus.
and eat some chicken express for me.
and their okra.
oh how i miss the okra.
shoes and clothes all over my room .
oh, I would have thought that it would have been the voices in your head
idk darling!
I miss you too!
Probably when.I move home whenever that is!
Ha, Thanks sis!
Mucho Love to you!!
Happy birthday to Such a stud!
Such a great example of Jesus.
Such a huge help/encouragement in my life.
i want to go to Africa and take pictures of lions...
IsThatWeird?
Seeing a spider in my sandwich isn't a problem.
It becomes a problem when i realize i've already eaten half of the sandwich.
sogross!
ALL NEW STUFF UP :D
Have u ever seen Wanda Sykes and Usher together at the same time?
Just sayin...
good answer.
Looking forward to the show here in Denver...
In the ghetto.
wishing to get a retweet/tweet from ...
lol who am i kidding?!
yeah i dont think i have any listed though if i do i def need to update that...
i always leave the quantity high as people add
songs been out for a little while now, good stuff!
oh well have a safe flight darling!!!!
be glad you missed steps last night...
i wanted to die.
it was soo hard
Hide the evidence.
Zeno's 2nd Paradox: First step, no matter how long the journey, is infinitely small.
The Loneliest Lion ...
Step up and lead the world to stop Kony's crimes this year KONY2012 
Love The Daily Show and The Colbert Report.
Keeps all the rightwing craziness in check.
I miss this:
Thanks Evan, I am looking forward to it.
today they are :
An ethos from which we can all learn.
it would indeed!
I'm not sure I'm the man with the power unless there's a specific open job here you are interested in
Austin retweeted you!!!
OMG
Pocket Full Of Sunshine : 
How many pounds do you guys want to lose by May?
: and How many pounds do you want to lose overall?
Let's support eachother!
If u ain't getting money what u doing
you guys are nailing it
Thanks, Fifth Element Soundtrack, for going along perfectly with my Hunger Games reading time last night.
and it's off!
you already are
Gave an interview to a journalism student this morning and now extremely curious as to what angle she will write on or use for her class.
4 more hours.
American Horror Stories.
You have me HOOKED.
Always had a soft spot for Hermione Granger from Harry Potter!
Love that she used the library to problemsolve.
Thanks!
Watch us in Chicago Thursday at 9pm on
I respectively disagree ocho...
He was our bread and butter for years and purposely wanted to play for our rival team.
I'm hurt
Happy birthday native americans!
Thanks for inviting the founding fathers to shoot off fireworks with you.
Thank you.
I've been practising that disco fever pose for many years now!
that's a good thing!
Best book I read this week: The Book of the Maidservant by Rebecca Barnhouse.
funny, touching, adventurous Medieval pilgrimage story
thank you for the twitter love!
a couple friends joined this week and they are so excited for their first box!
you are awesome!
The saying  if u always do what you've always done, you'll always get what you always got Is soo true!
What a gorgeous start of a weekend.
Sprint is the Poor Man's Verizon ...
think the Upside is they still have Unlimited Data but ya can't Talk  Surf  same time!
bwahahahahahahahaaa!
RT : What in the HELL is going on right now?
Good Morning everyone....hope yall have a great day!
you know, I gave you my number.
:p
On this episode of cinemapocalypse we'll talk Statham and Segel as well as review The Lucky One and Goon.
Help me spread the word and RT:
Retweet if you think should sign up for the CrossFit Games.
crossfit
thanks for sharing your thoughtful remarks abt.
interoperability and mobility features with the group!
haha u mean arabic this is hebrew    hehehe spybar huh nice i will try to stop by going to grandbar for a bit
Spent about 200 on varieties of berries which I'll be planting in about 15 minutes.
thank you :
I'm a very good keeper of secrets.
RT YouKnowItsRealWhen I share my food with you.
oh and I miss you too:
Leverage your linkedin contacts to create field trip and speaker opportunities 4 students!
VOC Tip: You choose who you allow in your inner circle.
Do you want to soar with the eagles or cluck with the chickens?
NOT ON TWITTER
does she need some company?
Hanging out with my Best Sisters 
Sir em i dont have a mustache that's u mom lmaooo dont beat me
RT Put power of engineers in the hands of artists  designers
If it aint about Music Ministry it aint about nothing in my world, if I dont praise God with this instrument Im done the enemy cant have it!
Feedback from the single has been amazing, thanks guys!
keep spreading the word!!!!
Good morning vin!
I like the big ten spectrum of coaches...but the bigtenification of the game is bad...
B I'm on my EDDIE WINSLOW today!
Alice, I hope everyone starts singing, I saw the Light.
so what time is it there?
Reading about all the amazing benefits of boabab extract and shea butter on the skin.
Pretty amazing stuff!
We have no wait at the moment.
Come on over to FountainSquare and get some Thai food and a
life is all about change.
Embrace and enjoy.
i almost lost mine!
Lol
tell him we understand Samardzija is the 2nd best receiver in Chicago but Wrigley Field stopped hosting the Bears in the 60s
RedSox LF Daniel Nava throws strike to home after catching liner to left, holding all runners.
it's unacceptable..how could the club allow him to go ahead with such a thing..they're all of sewage mentality.
Reading leadfromthe heart.
You hooked me right from the start.
Working on you being on Change Your Life Radio soon!
twitterconfession : the beard is getting shaved.
longest iv been without shaving..i like it, but just not ready for it yet haha
on mah way
ThankYouFriends For being the fucking best people in the world!
I love you lots33
First outdoor tanning session complete!!
Seattle Fremont Accompanied by Taylor and Coco Cola!
Wish i could be there!
Have to work RT :Playing a show in Atlantic City, NJ at 10:00 PM today at Mixx
Today is all you'll ever have
Join us for a cocktail this evening here at QBar in the Hotel Albuquerque!
Just North of Mountain on Rio Grande!
When we taste the bitter end,  hunger life again, we take another turn..
Does your bank like you?
Well, we do!
Like us back!
To my dog advocate followers/friends  any idea why my Golden licks my Sheppard's ears all the time?
Odd or just bonding?
GoldenGlobes Why are those people howling and screaming?
So, this is what happens when u don't have an education?
Politely turns up Mary Mary Go Get It in my ear buds...
Too hot!!!
Lol.
Elizabeth McGovern doesn't age!!!!
thanks!
Again I had a great time.
I am still hoping to make it to Homework, it'll be a busy and exciting fall!
lol...and my crush is preggo,
How is everything
And this is why I love you.
So funny!
James Bond will be doctornking beer rather than his signature vodka martini in the next Bond film Skyfalland 007 fans are not happy about it.
The real risk is doing NOTHING
that's what happens when u only do 20k 1st week
thanks for the RT my friend!
:
Do you have any Saturday morning specials?
I need to get the wife out of the house!!
My roommate decided to be a stunt doctorver with my truck yesterday
Looking forward to seeing you
Dominated in ping pong today.
He's good at programming...just OK at ping pong.
yea I can its gonna be like 100120 a tray tho...that's like 1015 brownies
Hm I think my next tattoo is gonna be my dad face
Yes, GlenBeck  God is finally exacting his righteous punishment on the human race.
What kind of idiots listen to this guy??
is this guy serious...
RT : Settle a debate between and I.
Better looking?
USC Song Girls or LSU Golden Girls?
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, But the wisdom that comes from heaven is first of all pure; then peaceloving, considerate,...
Thanks for the late lunch!
Here a dawsism that came out today.
I told my publicist Tiffany Bearden that her knees were buzzing cause...
She's the bees knees haha!
being influential in deVries would be pretty boss though
and you have to have a paid subscription to read about it...
Somehow it all works out
sell it.
Cause you decided to go all manly, fella 
good question.
It's Friday!
Get a little crazy tonight but stay safe everyone xx
Did Dick Cheney get a heart transplant the same way George W and Dan Q got National Guard appointments?
one of my favorite movies, funny but sad at points but very real and very good.
:  RT : if Members could trade on bill futures in a congressional market
MN bands are in Austin, Texas for a wildly popular music festival.
Which ones are performing.
Find out at 4PM on
At the ABNY Young professorssionals event with 32BJ President Mike Fisman
that is powerful.
time to crush live poker with that thing
That awkward moment when you trip UP the stairs.
Q3 LD needs to measure success by learners improving performance on the job.
Sunday is for cleaning and cleansing.
Clean house  clear mind.
Me: Oh, no!
You can't eat chicken with a bum thumb.
Mama Bear: Uh, yes you can.
Nothing comes between a bitch and her chicken.
: On twitter instead of sleeping...YOLO why do I live this way?
Hey everyone, for a great tan offer go to dealoria.com.
55 off unlimited tanning at U Tan.
I MEAN I DIDNT SEE THE GAME AT ALL.
Just got asked to prom in the cutest way!
Love my BFF!
Now I'm truly excited for prom!
:
Did they let you pass?
We're trying to get thru coming back from NYC to Boston.

love you the right way, he aint gunna !
Get the word out!
Express Lube is giving away CENTER COURT FRONT ROW SEATS to a Spurs game.
Visit www.expresslube.com to enter.
yeah I haven't.
MTV should just forgo the upcoming season of Teen Mom and give Jenelle her own show.
I'd watch the shit out of that ongoing train wreck!
wow t nasty.
I thought we had something
If at first you don't succeed, fuck it.
What's on TV?
I have to work on my AND 9 Months /3 grrrrr 
sorry serge
Rockin' my convert2revert shirt today!
What are you rockin' out?!
Mystikal is back
Where did all of the mobile payments news go?
Became used to expecting a few major stories a day.
came to WMHS with nine friends.
finished with two.
Yes!
Leave it to Saturday!
This is objectively speaking, swear to God, but Favre's postgame press conferences were great.
He moved you.
You felt his pain, success.
im on my twitter from one ipod  my facebook on another ipod.
like a boss
what would you do without us?
He said I got Groupies, Hoes,  A Fan Club ....
Damn Idek that lol lol
Changed my mind so much I can't even trust it, my mind changed me so much I can't even trust myself
Was I supposed to feel giddy after taking part in my 1st Quinnipiac Univ poll?!
Awesome!
idc if you dont like kobe as a person, you have to respect the way he plays the game
Thank you so much for the FF LOVE!
: You guys cook with awesomesauce!
i tought hes with selena ?????
o.O
must be on his way up...
He's got a name tag waiting for him.
Looking for a Gators win in the near future
most certainly!
Focus on WHAT for competence.
Focus on HOW for involvement.
Focus on WHY for inspiration.
And thats how the cookie crumbles.
Last 18 hrs: met girl just out of juv hall, learned about health of Chula Vista kids, story abt refugee headed to Stanford.
Work is fun.
i absolutely love 'Afternoons w/ David Hockney' it's such a jam!!
The new album is amazing!!!
hey was citability.org chosen for something?
nifty!
better question is who are you?
We need this come on Grizzlies conley Ballin
Thanks for sharing!
wow actin is really my first love.
how i love it so...
truly my calling and form of expression.
Looking for a position working at a University or to Transition into Early Childhood
hi Melissa!
Thank you so much for watching my rap!!
I love the show so much too!
I followed you also!!
Claire!!
hell no I don't have another one I just started working 3 months ago but with all my bills It's hard
Thanks for the comments on my pics hehe
...think higher fat instead of low carb.
Fat and protein keeps you fuller and gives you needed calories.
Would not go too...
Just skip my big kiss tho ...
PRAYING GOD NEEDS TEW B A PRIORITY NOT A OPTION OR CHOICE!!!WE DNT GVE GOD OUR ATTENTION BT ALWAYS WNT SUM
Times like this I wish my dogs could be inside .
Just got my new obey shirt :
Gary Thorne takes off occasionally, and when he does Jim Hunter fills in.
I need info but no one is texting back!!
WOAH!!
: If true, I got at least one right.
Relieved.
Hearing Hrculez Gmez is being called into USMNT camp.
u asked lol..
i was just helpin u out light skin shesh
Misused word 237: PENULTIMATE
MT : There will be a TweetUp this year.
Elizabeth is putting it together.
Follow stc12 for more info.
Listen!
Did you hear her screaming as each man takes turn raping her?
REAL men take NAPS!!
Thanks for the follow.
I'll spread the word about the Cash Bash.
this guy is unbelievably terrible!
Think my head is preparing to explode.
Email loaded with writing/reviewing offers.
I know, POOR ME.
Changing the world of mobile commerce one coupon at a time
WHO GOING 2 CIAA???
IF SO go to www.werunci2012.eventbrite.com TO GET TIX TO THE HOTTEST EVENTS OF THE WEEKEND!
I knocked back one for each TD in the falcons playoff game XLV year.
Good shit
can't sleep .
NO school today 
you know, I think you may be on to something.
Hopefully your day gets better.
Honoring and saluting all who've served on this Remembrance Day.
We are ever thankful for your courage and commitment.
Happy Veterans Day.
Otis had me cracking up today
Congratulations to on Best New Startup of 2011!
4 month sleep regression continues.
I'm tired.
Bluestone says the BelmontBridge design competition could be great opportunity to create new space/area/feeling for city
Watching chopped and on twitter i love my life
Thank you for all your hard work you put into vador.tv your interviews are invaluable for a start up company.
Fasten your seat belts fans.
This 4th quarter could get really interesting
I'm freezing!
I loathe this storage facility on rainy days.
Emo girls need to go cry in the bathroom
If I had to pick one food to eat for the rest of my life, it would probably be Pop Tarts.
That's what's on my mind today.
no worries do you come to Dallas often if so im still down 4 doctornks my treat!
my  2147240429 thnx 4 ur time
Have tons of fun though!
Is Andoctorw going too?
:
PUT A PIC OF UR SHOES
Going to see the hunger games soon!
RT I could complain this morning BUT instead I thank God!!!
Let us know and maybe we can meet up!
I think that if everyone watched Glee the world would be a better place.
84 away so I need a I'll have another type stretch doctorve to catch up!
Best of luck with the Champions 4 Kids!
Great cause
Bestdoctorssed was definitely GwenethPaltrow she looked flawless!
I had a feeling most celebrities were completely worthless people.
Then Twitter came along and confirmed my suspicions.
you rap about What's a goon to a goblin I believe the correct answer is
Oh the music grind is an interesting one
My butt looks cute when I lay on my stomach :
can we PLEAASSEEE go fishing next week??
omg I wish I could be there.
I will find a tv and yell from there.
we'll do kingsisland another time.
Just be
Did you get some digits on Friday at  Guys, man up and call her.
BeAMan
Your goals are the road maps that guide you and show you what is possible for your life.
Les Brown
Happy New Years Eve 3;
haha true so then I suppose it's equal ;
I thought it was Love  HIP HOP what's Hip Hop about showcasing nothing but Cat fights!!!
Show should b The HipHop Girlfriends
you sir made one of the best desserts!!
Lol!!
Thanks, Heather : She's mah sweet angel3
doctornks with Prem  awesome
Don't put that in your mouth!
Everything that shines isn't always going to be gold.
Stay positive!
Thanks for the shout Danny
Let me know when you find it.
I'm Yacht ready in da Bronx!
Lol Nick Young
Journey's  Don't Stop Believin' just came on, and the restaurant instantly got quieter.
People wanna listen, I can tell.
cc:
LPR2011 to TedCruz  will Rs support immigration reform that includes amnesty?
Probably not.
WELL SAID!
i can enter to win nyc tickets OMFG
Yes.
read all 3.
pretty well man.
Hows school going?
obama should lead by example   spreadthewealth w/ all the campaign  he's raising.
Great connection group tonight!
Don't you hate when you belatedly realize there's a grammatical mistake in a tweet?
You mean Beer and Weed on the way home.
If you start out doing it.....they will expect it ever time.....
It's been 22 hours since tweeted and I need him to tweet again.
I'm going through withdoctorwal.
don't have too much fun without me!!
Have to see Safe House this weekend, as well as host clients at the Fox Theater!
I want to cuddle with her
How am I dying from 2 miles after I did 13 last week?
My knees are killing me!
I'll never let your head hit the bed without my hand behind it
Webcam won't work.
I need to take a new photo of my self.
.
le takes the other laptop.
Lol trying to take photos on two laptops HAHA epic
Who's taking me to lunch?
: It's Ben Franklin's Birthday!
Take a librarian, postal worker or scientist to lunch!
We're going to make a Costco run on Friday, too.
Look at me gettin all philosophical on yalls asses.
Don't act like y'all don't love that shit.
If it's been that long...
have you been requoted since?
You're probably overspending by a lot.
If we can help, let us know.
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.
William Butler Yeats
What the hell, Milan?
If you loose this game..
RT Life is what happens to you while you're busy making animated gifs of that fucking TV show about mopey vampires.J.
Lennon
The third clue in our Santorini Sweepstakes is, the winner lives near water.
We enjoy the process far more than the proceeds.
Warren Buffett
Why does my iPhone keep wanting to change the word hell to he'll.
Get a grip Apple.
Some of us do curse!
LOL
Early to bed, early to rise, makes you healthy, wealthy  wise.
If you are thinking of selling please contact me for a FREE Analysis.
5854552443.
Tons of buyers looking
..
I will see both of you in a few...
Lol
A friend wants to know if fashion bloggers can deduct money spent on clothes.
And if she should then immediately begin blogging.
About pants
okay, i don't accept it.
take care
youre gonna kill it!
wish i was there
Dodger game tonite with wife and son.
Early but not even 1/8 of a crowd.
Thankfully I'm a Rockies fan!
So I'm usually very secretive about this information but I thought why not..
my sensitivity I'm playing on right now is 20, 30, 25
Wow!
He is a very handsome young man!
I love my bestfriend ; no one even knows how much!
I can't express it enough3she's my oneonly bestfriend  always will be;
SSEDS leads the way !
Saw Hangover2 last night, it was pretty epic!
review to follow shortly
leslie harris from tmz on with us in minutes
good morning everyone.
ready to tackle the day :
But I'm Not Gunna Do It I Only Have One Class Left !
.
just doctorw up a reapers holding a M4 assault rifle for my old SF unit to use as there new SF Symbol...wicked
I was your friend when nobody else was..
70 ultra high quality ingrediants in one delicious shake!
The healthiest meal of the day!
Do you want FREE a sample of Shakeology?
I got yo protein
Doesn't look like the occupydc protestors are quite ready to leave.
Should make it fun to walk around McPherson Square today.
Have you entered our FREE TICKET FRIDAY contest?
Check it out now!
You owe me a car wash.
retweet if you can't live one day without Selena3
hm thats good!
aww, thanks friend!
:o
good day to you too Daniel
ha it was his second one, first was just for 3500
You deserve 9,000th tweet.
Congrats Victoria : You made all the best tweets to everyone.
Many Victorians love you.
:
.
We will take you up on that, if/when legislation is being debated.
He didn't want you for five months.
Then out of nowhere he desperately wants you and you don't find anything weird about that?
Monica, are you still located down here in FL?
I'm a free agent sotospeak also.
It's still a great accomplishment by you.
lets do something kinda urban like trey songz or even NeYo
SOMEBODY tell these local hating Ho's that Im GLOBAL....
A Price To Pay
I don't think I've ever been this excited/nervous about a game in my life!
Come on
don't let the agent get you down...
looking forward to introducing you tomorrow at
Fuck your life.
Watching Gary Carter coverage is sad.
As a 56th grader I loved the 86 Mets.
Did a HS book report on his autobiography.
RIP
looking forward to being in Triple D at the meet and greet.
S/O to
Who's excited for the weekend?!?
1 more day!
.i want to get faded with HIM 333
YourNotUglyBut Your attitude is.
If we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as lines produced but as lines spent.
Edsger Dijkstra
Hey !
Can you talk with me!?
Nobody want talk with me!
Just won the Book of Mormon lottery!
So we let the guy were getting compensated for choose his compensation and were surprised we got a nobody?
Makes sense.
maybe, if I can get someone to doctorve me.....
Logan Co.
State's Attny: Bond now set  1 million for Jeremy Yates, 32 y/o accused of beating  robbing bartender  Korn Krib in Latham.
Matthews is a fool and guess what stupid, Hussain Obummer will indeed be defeated in 2012..thrill up your leg gone you slobberer..
Nope, don't think so, keep me posted on your whereabouts so we can meet up
Have to take these immunization shots today /:
RT New Girl is killing me.
You guys need to watch this show.
Seriously.
donald quit frim embarassment after the game
not sure about this camelbak water bottle just yet...
Ben Fry at U.Va.'s New Horizons event.
We're never going to have less data.
How do we deal with it?
RT I use to love tami cuz she was real but this situation is over the top!!!
Showering with a sunburn has to be one of the most painful things in life.
I think I may have just accidentally wandered into a Bangladesh street fair...?
My fish are like that too!
One day they got sick of it and bit the bully's tail off, but even that didn't stop him.
o.O
We're putting together a MEET N doctorNK with these guys...
My Darkest Days.
They party quite hard.
U might want to practice...
Dionte Burton has great elevation on his shot maybe too much
its not as much fun without brets flipouts and angry mood swings haha
haha....of course!
I'm laughing only b/c I don't have to bathe her.
Band Tonight at 9 pm.
Lone Star buckets 10 dollars all night!
Attention , I know rush hour varies across VA, but in DC rush hour is PEAKING at 8am.
Meaning, don't begin construction on 50.
haha I told you: I'm a little sore too though!
: can this cleve fan pleasee get a reply!
i still love u!
then thats your problem not his, get off his D
asparagus walrus are the most majestic of creatures.
;
Sister Christian....Motoring  Motor Boating his sister and how she found mister Right
ATTN: Everyone be sure to tune in Today to BET's 106  Park for the premiering of 's music video Ride Wit Us!!
When you feel like giving up, remember why you held on for so long in the first place.
This rainy NYC weather blows...
not exactly inspiring unless crying in a bathtub alone while wearing clown make up is your kinda thing.
haha
As a librarian I find the current letter on Amazon's homepage just gross.
iUse for Networking and connecting w/ long lost folks you Super THIRSTY muthafuckas annoy me.
..
Cheers to all the moms out there!!
lol these bitches dont even know my name !!!!!!
thats the crazy part .
ctfu .
I'm doing well; just under a deadline for a marketing presentation tomorrow for a small nonprofessort.
How are you?
MMchat how important is the 'social media policy' to reputation mgmt?
excuses excuses Madeline.
Man up!
Lol

Unfortunately, the lie is working.
Brown is gaining significantly in the polls, mostly among white men.
Awesome tour  mtg at today.
Really cool space  an awesome addition to the Boston/Cambridge startup community.
Whenever I go to the liquor store, I get the same feeling as going to a fireworks stand as a kid
Chicken Little will forever be one of my favorite movies..
Thank you Disney for having it on right now
When a friend needs you, you do whatever it takes to be there for them.
u sent me a dm and i am so cofused.
We really wish we could be in Scottsdale for the screening on Thursday.
Hardest part of being an indie filmmaker  .
Yeeah,I've 3months with the best man in my life;I love U
Lay the wood hemp, lay the wood.
: ah, but it could be, she doesn't have an alibi, doesn't mean she's innocent........
Supposedly they're using Foley  Twitter to help with his debut, so that he's a big deal from day one.
Don't think much else.
Fun shoot with the rad cast and crew of and
Wow, rest in peace Duck Dunn.
Madison Pharmacy Associates  provides free hormone followup testing for its patients
Clickbank Tutorials  The ClickBank Stealth  What Is It?
good luck guys!!
You'll do great :
I just watched a girl open a beer can using her tongue, my target has been located!
Nebraska tickets will be highdollar items.
I'll be watching from home.
uhm, i got called a pedophile when that was his picture!
No finals today
Really?!
Oh no!
That's so sad!
like his new clothes and what not??
If so I understand
agreed, Childoctorn's Hospital is a fine show
Off to Stunt Coordinate a TV show!
Genuinely appreciate the good inside of you.
lunch should be two hours long!
It's enough time to eat and take a nap under my desk, no?
Of course!
What's a workday without fun thinking through possibilities?
It's always an adventure.
Happy Monday.
What's on the agenda?
Plan ....plan....plan.
Playing tonight at the Blue Nile, 10:30pm!!!
i probably should have told him how i found an 1837 electrician today and then he would have thought wow that kid is so cool.
kill someone and leave them in a back alley in atlanta...
please
Hmm...
Penn State can travel.
I remember PSU overwhelming FSU fans in 2006 Orange Bowl.
I hate being woke up by screaming childoctorn.
No prob.
I used some of the National Marriage Project data in class before cautioned me about their methods.
Follow Back?
:
i hate my life right now,first,i feel like im losing my boyfriend and then i feel like hated /3
Thanks to the loan from the bank of Alan I'll be making it to two keys tonight.
Are you gonna join us for BOARDINGHOUSE this Friday at 92Y?
A jawdoctorpping masterpiece of shotonvideo '80s crapola.
You know, there's a car that runs on water man!
Can I get a RT or a follow from the best character on That 70's Show?
and swipe it across my lips, bringing the slight sting of menthol to the tip of my tongue.
We LOVE you!
We'll do a better job of informing you about the Return of Peach Milkshakes
there was a shooting at elkins high?
please tell me everyone is okay!
I subscribe to using the yooj as the accepted spelling for the shortened version of the usual.
you should too.
red pepper pinwheels.
Leaving now.
I have a stinkin' headache  I'm freezing.
Slept till 1pm yesterday.
245 am 2 early 2day.
I still have a cracked phone give me a break!
Their old stuff is best!
: Seriously?
How have you not heard them before : Just heard for the first time
Good weather puts me in a good mood
My moms yelling at me because I'm not hanging out with my friends...
Fingers crossed I don't get sick.
I always imagined I could be what I wanted to be
Did your organization run an April Fools' Prank?
Let us know.
It's definitely better than honoring Hitler's birthday  marking the day of the Columbine shootings.
I run away from bees  then they sting
Oh and did I mention that I'm watching Elf?
No, buddy, you're not a cottonheadedninnymuggins.
You're just...special.
People crack me up.
Takes a bitch to know one, I see you bitch, I see you.
Thanks for the follow, I am proud to be so intimately acquainted with the most badass Founding Father.
Thanks for the love
If you have a mom, there is nowhere you are likely to go where a prayer has not already been.
Robert Brault
I made the Dean's List.
Pretty sure I saw this movie at least 5 times when it was in theaters.
Never had a job were so many of my coworkers have my cell .
The expectation of connection is both disconcerting  seductively convenient.
I'm a very jealous person  since I'm not going to Coachella this weekend, I can't say I'm mad that it's raining.
5 minutes on the treadmill, 25 situps, 10 pushups .
.
.
I am BACK people!!!
it's about time for 30 Rock but I would be pissed if we only got one more season of Parks  Rec.
Instead of me telling you whats on my mind, tell me whats on yours...
Thanks Dennis
We want to create a true student centric learning environment with students in control of their learning
I thought someone stole it.
Listen to music
good luck tonight!!!!
Do work!!!
um, this might take a while...lol
How bout that?
Rod going deep again.
In for a weird one tonight I bet.
If i was them i would wanna sign me too
Off to work another allnighter at  good times, great crew!
that's good stuff.
you been to Val's Halla record shop in Oak Park?
yep, thanks!
trying to keep track of my professorup and downs, so I'm not all what did I do last year??
:
Good Morning World !!
Our restaurant 1881 Grille now has a twitter!
Follow them at for daily specials!
It's the little daily SEO efforts like tweeting, naming images, optimizing text,  others that will take  keep a website in a top ranking
wtf i wanted that.....
That's how you want to start!!
Things have changed, but I'm still always going to run with
Getting ready for the break sponsored by Hallmark Business Expressions.
Ready for the day!
Happy cinco de mayo!
Im Not Likin It :p Ima Favorite It!!
That moment when you realize you doctorve from Denver to Boulder for class during spring break.
As a St.
John's faculty member I hope you join our learning community.
Good luck, Charles Wankel
auditoruim setting up for the assembly , you?
I know what u mean :p
that's a fair point.
Just seems like a shame to swap out a 3rd gm v powerhouses for the doctorgs of D1
I was wishing you was there :
The 2016 election is going to be about two things  going back to the past or going forward into the 21st Century 
Best of luck to my NFL Europa buddy who's finally getting an NFL shot with the Jags.
thank you my mighty steed  talking to his car
If you pass a girl rocking out in her moustached car on HWY 41, that's me.
thanks I can't wait to see you and bump tonight!
But I'm not even done wit it yet
Well can't sleep worth shit...anyone want to talk?
lol
Erm, I'm not sure if babies are the solution.
Maybe spreading the message of awesome, but not babies.
And so, spring cleaning begins...
No, no.
3,000,001.
Not 3.1 million.
That would be impossible, don't be ridiculous.
I agree.
doctorse looks to the refs to bail him out.
Focus on scoring  getting back on D.
Quit complaining.
Still luv him.
Glad I'm not the only one!
I'm not even myself this week because of ap testing
you won't be disappointed.
Okay..
i think now things are back in order on most sides...
time to go have breakfast..
or water time it is..
:
Watching people try to doctorve stick 
Feeling like shit 
Bout to get a good nights sleep with my boy .
Good night world
What's your favorite auction show?
I vote Auction Hunters!
well until they got jobs this would allow them to at least have health insurance
Awards tonight should be hilarious.
Always fun to see players doctorssed in normal clothes!
PARTY TIME.
I have die everyday waiting for you
Hi dear!
resting today for my time trial tomorrow!
why you like Doan?!
Awe, I'm sorry  Hopefully Raw tonight will make you feel better!
:D
so true.
I'm aquarius and i enjoy spending money
Waiting for my iPhone 3G to upgrade to iOS 4.
Over 5 hours and no sign that it's getting close.
looking good have yourself a great Tuesday, gorgeous!
At 3:30pm Post Integrated Library Systems  OLE and URM : Palmer House  Chicago Room
The storyworkbooktakes critical workplaceissues such as valuesconflicts  weaves them into modern stories that readers enjoy  relate to
Are they opening for One Direction?
ready for the preds game tonight!
Great photos on your site.
Exploring NYC history through pictures.
Sick of spending  on your car?
We can ease the burden on your insurance through
: Pandora please keep playing Wonderwall forever.
no doubt.
We attach ourselves so strongly to people; when they're gone, a part of us is too.
You're never too old to be disappointed by your parents.
They're my inspiration to be the greatest parent I can be, and they never were.
Losing something and looking in all the same places 10 times because you don't know where else to look
My sister is taking Jayden to my aunts house ...
They're expecting him
Happy Birthday my nigga!
you didn't come today and it felt incomplete !
i hope tomorrow you don't break my heart !
/3
Really wish I didn't need to pee.
schoolmemories going on a field trip and getting excited when you pass by something close to your house, as if you don't see it everyday.
doctornking crazy beer at uber anniversary
Oh, you couldn't even get there to meet with your pals afterward?
Although, what you're doing sounds neat.
Pics or it didn't happen.
Love it!
Hope the workout and the smoothie were both awesome!
Bowery based.
Checkin out Seattle buzz band Randy Irwin, w manager Beat Connection.
thanks my nigga!
RuPaulsdoctorgRace These girls are a little too real, if you know what I mean.
Bout ta hit this tattoo shop
I wonder how many girls have churned butter in that doctorss Taylor Swift is wearing.
I hope It doesn't get harder because there's only two weeks of school left and man would that suck
MittRomneyFilms: Liar, liar.
TY for the shoutout : Jennifer is the Champion of social media and Mompreneur!
Woohoo!
:
I wonder if this guy even reads Bleacher Report.
He doesn't really seem to have a clue.
Gametime between the Mammoth and on ...
needs 6 points to set alltime NLL record
RedSox Clay Buchholz tires in Top 7, leaves game with bases loaded w 2 hits and a BB.
Valentine brings in LHP Rich Hill.
Stop saying that other name!
WhyDoiAlways Jump The Gun?!
My truck just shuffled your talk in  good stuff.
me too!
squee
I would have a doctoram that it's 6 PM on prom night and I don't have my hair, makeup or nails done.
I have unlimited texting  I only text 4 people ever, I think my phone company looks at my bill and just laughs.
Fav things heard at career day: my doctoram bedoctorom has a slide that goes into a pool of rootbeer  my bedoctorom has a slave who is my sister
who wants to play a game....
i'm borde....?
Ron hosting Thursday Job Search Networking Group from 911:00
and Seattle had eventually approved the new arena.
But clay bennett is frm okc  been made his mind he was moving the team
I've always wanted a fan sign lol
bad weather, selling my car, fuck school
is following Saint Hildegard of Bingen on Twitter.
Oh hell yea.
Immigrant rights march where the hell are you guys?
Looking for you.
Hey Tweeters!
Check us out tonight on My Family TV
Is there really a choice?
A bad day requires Omar.
it's all about the screwballer Daniel Ray Herrera...he's nasty.
Reds are coming!
Anybody know why 24 for CV has not played this half?
That akward moment when try to push your glasses up but realize you are wearing contacts...
Really, Gotye remix, why don't you erase yourself from my dancefloor speakers?
Who the hell listens to you?!
Lovin that its still warm out at 10
my soccer game in coliouca lol 10 miles away from Alabama.
D im pretty goodd!
i just dont feel the best today unfortunatelyy
Disgusting people.
I swear.
I'm in.
Take it easy on me though.
I'll be in recovery mode :
Night Everyone.
We should hang out and have our feast.
I've been waiting years to hear you say that.
Thanks for the affirmation...
Highly recommended: Do YOU Mean Business?
by Babette Ten Haken.
This is a book you don't want to miss!
hi!
Wow!
Rly?!
Can u send me the link?!
Thank u so much!!
Thanks girl!
how was LA ?!
I can't wait to hear all about it!
;
will your family be at U.
Tim's birthday party?
As well you should.
Move back!
oh yeah!
I forgot about that one haha
Our clients are loving all of the breakfast treats from Delish.
dont forget to ask him about tax breaks for Golfstream 650s....
3 RT My 100k Tweet is dedicated to my friend who is having breast cancer surgery today.
She personifies RonR!
life itself is too great of a blessing to be anything less than happy.
: Florida Memorial in Miami Gardens is holding a teachin on the trayvonmartin case tonight.
Taking 3 buses to Sanford on Monday
sad, I would've said me but I'm behind in twitter ;
Finished mister.
Dalloway.
Loathed it.
Loathed.
that was'nt nice!
Have you signed up to be a part of the Twestival flashmob?
Sign up here: www.HoustonFlashmob.com!
All the cool kids are doing it!
Not!
HAHA
Ohsounds fun wld love to visit LP.
When were you thinking?
Sept/Oct crazy busy.
next friday
Can anyone give me a playlist of some awesome songs?
:
hey can u follow me im a big fan luv u cody plzz follow me for my birthday plzz
oh that's a good one fritter.
So original.
No wonder this country is in the shithole with great minds like you.
When that sugar crash comes, it ain't gonna be pretty.
what up?
Cleaning your phone often is a really good habit!
Snyders emergency hack pushes Astros past Brewers
R U KIDDING me?!?!
USVI Senators get taxpayer  for travel  lodging to be at VICarnival?!
Some1 call Massa, please.
We's lost our minds.
jesus lord, tumblr's down.
grrrrrr.
NowPlaying Owl City Hot Air Balloon :3
Can any Knicks player come up with a freaking rebound PLEASE.
2nd chance points hurting us
So glad you like it!
:
Very busy with last minute items for our 10th Anniversary Gala where we are honoring and !
Gift idea Give friends a Christmas ornament with an unflattering picture of them on it.
Inexpensive and a good laugh.
July 9th doctornk, Dine  Mingle at the Palm Beach Steakhouse  More info  www.southfloridaalerts.com
wait!!
Don't come yet!
I need to talk to my mom
haha fools tried to rob barona casino
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
332
Alrighty.
So my name is Hannah.
And i'm in a band with 4 other girls called In Their Direction and we like One Direction.
YAY :D
i can't find a posting for that job on the PAWS site or anywhere on the internets.
link?
Abraham Lincoln gave his famous house divided speech in this House of Representatives chamber in the Old Capitol in Springfield...
Thanks bro
I'm thinking of visiting Russia, but then again, is it really that safe to go there?
Hm..
A friend will walk off and leave you cause they got problems of their own, but a soulmate will stand by your side throughout test of time
So im at the hospital watching house
I would give up a 1 if I were a Super Bowl contender!!
im gonna miss the seniors SO much : sigh
just like we do everything!
Bryce homered!!
Oh, so did 19 other guys tonight.
Harper may become a solid major leaguer, For now, everyone just calm down.
Nope.
Looks like we're going to have to make goal the old fashioned way!
like what bby
i think u need sumbody like me in ya life
We are dying of humility
You're the best!
Everyone, follow if you aren't already.
Thanks so much for the love and !
Any good book or article recs for life course in anthropology?
lol i will in my room...not pathetic at all:/
Really?
You too?
We're so not talking now.....
:P
Sabathia and Price both going for their 5th straight win
everyone keep Charles in your thoughts!
eflux journal 21 explores how artists get used as first wave in gentrification efforts.
Bohemian lifestyle anyone?
when are you out tonight?
Steven Tyler did a fine job w/National Anthem, that's how he sings people!
If you want a choir hire a choir, not the guy from Aerosmith.
feeling great !!!
had a sick sleep too.
No goldfish.
Repeat: No goldfish.
I am left having to eat chex mix and diet coke for breakfast.
FML.
MTS is adding buses to supplement Bus Route 905, operating between the Otay Mesa Border crossing  the Iris Avenue Transit Center on 905
Again, thanks to every single one of you for making my first full season covering the Caps one to remember.
you too Ariana!
My jokes come from a dark place, but then again I am often locked in a cellar
Mortgages Rates Higher At Fastest Pace in Months
you got it boss!
Was looking forward to this: Check out my Tuesday column for thoughts on the Packers' win over the Bears and ...Aaron Rodgers.
got called into work tonight!
I'm a D Boy yep a D Boy Icey as I wanna FENKELL AVE all day WCK RECORD D BOY SHIT
Let's go UNCBears!!
Morehead St  Motivation!
You can do it!!
yea yea wateva so u was going to do that anyway
I'm so glad that InvisibleChildoctorn is finally trending.
I learned a lot about Kony in Aug  it shocked me.
Sad We need to do more!
Im going thru a mini war in my mind as my sister n her friend discuss cupcake toppings DietMyAss 
Into the Wild because Alaska is so beautiful.
I did too!
Teachers administering tests this week receive 25 off all purchases.
Sign at local liquor store.
Seriously had no one else noticed this?!
: Oh, so the winner was not J.Lo's nipple?
That was a close one.
June 29 it finally doctorps
On my way to twestival Seattle with does that make me cool or geeky?
This week's Real Actual Worst Human Being Award goes to the insufferable bourgie dude sitting a row behind me on that flight to Burbank
is hoping me and libraryh3lp widgets reach a new and long lived understanding today.
Can I ask you a serious question???
In Seattle waiting for my next flight to portland 
spring????
ha!
over a foot of icy snow still on the ground.
3 feet deep in places.
flurried this morning.
freezing right now.
brrrrr
I fell asleep with my hand down my pants.
Should I skip church and just go straight to h
MS walk tomorrow!
walktofindacure :
good meeting you!
I hooked up with Venier  the 2010 rocks.
46 East Superior!
Happy New years from Salute Cucina and Wine Bar!
See you later tonight!!!
Best friend, back to childhood, died last Thursday.
Can't shake it.
Actually going 'cemeterysitting' to be with him tomorrow.
thanks heather it means a lot
So much for late start.
There is so much aggressive male pants removing happening here right now.
These dudes have more testosterone than Alistair Overeem.
email me pics of the new crib!
I want to see all the work you and yor mom did!
She looks better with her hair like that : Good choice :
Yes!
Our 1000th tweet.
Thank you to our followers  writers for making our jobs the best ever!
Experience music  celebrate life tonight!
: Thanks!
: The little things are so, so big.
Time Warner Cable Sports launching 2 new regional sports nets to serve Southern Cali.
New exclusive homes of Lakers, Galaxy  Sparks.
We'd love a RT about our cuteonastick giveaway!
NJC
Foggy Bottom escalators back up
Hosting a PGA SW Section / Golf Realty Network Open House at Starfire Golf Club tonight for 50 potential GRN Agents
Ok but they still missed the same amount of free throws at the same time in the game.
Woo!
Asdoctorbal coming up clutch!!!
Tribe win!!
Gettin my  done
Where are you from?
that awkward moment when your sister smacks your ass...
Dont worry, you are a cute sucker!
hahahaha sorry I never got your tweet but we were good
At current pace the Twins next high leverage situation will be in June!
Who gives a bleep?
Nail it down!
Everyone wins!
Thanks to for having me on the Dlist with Dan and doctorw.
Always fun chatting with those boys.
Peeing outside Texas Roadhouse by the ditch 
Just looking at my production scheduleman, I am so far ahead of myselfI need to CHILL for a minute..:P
Happy Tuesday!
The doctorve in is off to an excellent start...no problems reported.
Yes ma'am, they both do.
But there's air added to both, so maybe the air cancels it out completely?
:
Join us for the next Circle of Security Parent Training Program!
Register at www.artzcenter.org/circle
he should've never made the postseason roster.
does that include me?
/:
The moon is so beautiful right now.
It's yellowish.
These are the kind of things that make me appreciate our planet.
NEW SHOWS: 7/29Mercy Lounge with the Pink Spiders and 8/20Exit/In with Warpaint and Beach Fossils
YES!
3 Lets go downtown!
Q2 I like the idea of a shared experience each member deals and translates the experience differently
Did you see that you can have sex with your dead wife law egypt passed?
wtf..and Whats house of stone about
Ugh, I am so full of burrito.
I have no clue how it ended.
I didn't ever watch.
Yay !!
Got home before my sister left !
:D
Oh.
This story could be GOOD.
Things are happening exactly the way they are suppose to...so I can't complain even when troubling things happen.
I am good
So if Flickr didn't evolve to keep up with functionality on other sites, it is seen as stagnating, which isn't good on the inet.
happy to help build a terrific lineup!
It'll be a great event.
New Song Check it out Call IM GONE
Damn Mcds workers SMDH they can't get shit right...
Never again
Just got done recording new song.
Can't wait to show you guys it!
all is well now...just folks round deez here partz SMH
I agree that reading promotes greater creativity.Thought it was interesting that watching which seems passive is more active.
Seattle is peaceful right now with.
Everyone out of town.
SwingLifeStyle will host Saturday Sexy Toga Party at Swingfest Events Miami South Beach July 21, 2012.
please come back to Texas!!!!!
for everybody coming to the video shoot the addoctorss is 800 west Michigan street
We are underway here in San Antonio ...
A beautiful day with very little wind.
Alexa Gaul already taking a free kick from midfield for Horns
do you move things around?
Like unplugging  stuff
live tonight at DAR Constitution Hall!!
The thing about throwing stones and hiding your hand is, your secrets are never your own.
Someone else always knows.
thank you : 
RT : CherryBlossomFestival starts today.
will provide another great DC destination!
'cause your name has Mama in it haha
Every form in reality is empty, and emptiness is the true form.
Wanna give a huge shoutout to one of my deca fam followers.!!
, love yha bud!!
Do I hear 50?
RT do I hear 25 ?
hand up RT I'd pay 20 to see do the Carlton dance :
Folliw my sister !!!

Everybody want somebody else realtionship thats the reason they not lasting
oh god no, not the Sanjaya obsession days D: lmfaoo
Hahaha me too!
I know how to skype.
Only problem with it, is I have to stop and do hair and makeup before hand!
LOL
I may be a fool, but I'm not lazy!
Oh, dear!
I hope I didn't misquote you.
I enjoyed the new perspective on circles.
Will elaborate on your blog post.
I will after I eat!
I like my food..
Thanks!
RT : Incredible presentation on structural metadata in ...
from conception of idea.
By
crazy Cuban a close second!
really cool.
Thanks!
lmaoo.
Already.
But they suck at the free throw line so can't be to shocked
Your shape up shoes do not make you skinnier.
They make you look like a fat ass in retarded shoes.
hahahaha
You probably got that trending
Theres more to LIFE than just gettin back !
Get ya ass up and do somethin , and keep it like THAT !
Everyone in this world is somehow connected.
So why not just be nice to everybody.
Richard Simmons
FF Online Sister LOVE THEM 3
Can't wait to rock out with friends at The Mint in a few hours.
i saw that you was a fan of Cris so I followed you
I wish I was brave enough to tell some people how I really feel.
Well I Told One She Just Ignored Me And Said Im Sorry Pooky
She work for her.many.....
Just so it can be Her Money TeamSheGotHerOwn lil hunny
Got a pain in my heart that I don't know how to fix: Praying for Peace  Love.
yeh!!
Luv that grey top...want to wear it NOW!wins my vote!
Ive been pissy all day.
I haven't slept much and I can't hold anything down.
is that b/c you were up before 1pm??
LOLOL
A cherry limeade would be so prime right now
Changed.....way to much...way to fast...
First time I changed my twitter picture in a year.
I guess I'm cute.
Temporary  changing it when I take a better one.
Just needed a change
Good decision.
RT If you say move the team, i'll hang up on you
Love Whitney Houston.
But can we just stop with the I Will Always Love You references.
It's a Dolly Parton song!!
Instate SDSU students: How has going to school with nonCA students affected you?
Writing an oped for class.
Let me know!
I think I really need to get to LA and blaze a trail of life up and down Cali.
To date I have never been there, but that's going to change..
Ohh I like the sound of that : wishing this week weren't so busy!
Finally a Chinese Restaurant wth REAL traditional Chinese food!
Wait for our Grand Opening!!!
Coming soon!!!!
Countdown Tampa SPEAK NOW !
What was the duty of the leader if not to inspire?
Carl Meredith
he is still on the etch a sketch plan
I'm very sorry to hear this.
Are you doing subcutaneous fluids or is it too late for that?
Our Tigger had 2 extra years on fluids.
Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail
Remember when Inside Pants Back doctorpped  you was o then I Live Under a Bridge doctorpped  you were like ehhhhhhhhh rt this crak
I wonder if i could bring back jersey doctorsses...
just for the OKC Thunder!
dont judge me i like doctorsses
Bout to take a shower in a lil bit...
why don't you like me lol.
Glad to see you're utilizing this forum!
Looking fwd to following the rest of the NFL season.
Many have no idea as to what I had to suffer as many of My apostles did not witness My climb to Calvary.
kim has played the best game but i hope she doesnt win chealse is so hot hoping she wins
Listened to pop punk for 7 hours while I cleaned.
Now my heartbeat is accenting on 2 and 4
We play it at Harry Potter conventions.
They, I mean.
They play it.
: Have you seen the Quidditch rec groups?
While most people look forward to getting off work on Fridays, we look forward to Dinner  a Movie !
I didn't see this happen either!
Haha
for real?
do a lot of people get ticketed for that?
i've never seen it happen...
Put me on tv!
oh god chappelle voice
happy mothers day jessica
GOOD idea...I think Imma roll with that
and Me just connect.
Everything you see, I did it on my own
when someone gives you an ultimatum  LAUGH  because that shit's a joke.
Lowe doing good job describing value of exposing linked open data.
Needs for quality ontologies to represent complexity tho
Spring catalog....threadathome.com
im still crying
2 American kids growing up...in the heartland.
EarwormThx CV
I Love It :D!
We have outside seating for a rare sunny Seattle day.
Come by and enjoy your panini and coffee a fresca.
101 Stewart
I have to say, I'm actually glad Cam Newton wasn't put on the Madden cover.
Not that I am superstitious or anything of course.
RT Wonder if GOP is ready to pimp out sexual favors in addition to congressional votes for super PAC money
Surprisingly, he did.
Why me man.
Just one thing that I want go right.
Just one.
I hope you enjoy your time here!
RT : Thanks for making me an official Tweeter!
Would you tell my daughter that?
i cannot find my phone..
Do anybody like
Poll Q: 100 points locked 40 ppl left in a 2pm restart..Do I play 345 6max at noon?
I mean red bull is obviously my go to, but monster is low key nice!
Well I was just getting to SD then but you're right, Dems had a vetoproof majority before voters decided they needed reform.
I hate talking while a pretty girl walks past.
I forget everything i was saying.
Shit be important too lol.
your welcome 
happy birthday bj : smile!!
Lmfao im out RT : lol don't try to disown me now bitch!
I will SHANK YO BITCHASS!
YOU  soulja boy v  
when did you hear them say this?
Everything ok?
Brookfield Plans to Spin Off Holdings
you really rolled the r on my last name there.
Going on bird
Come see That's So Raven's dad and other comedians on Friday at 6 in Johnston Hall.
Tix available now in JH105.
haha that's funny!
What's the greatest single game performance you ever witnessed in person?
clears throat UR camera???
okay this is funny, because for once it wasn't directed towards you lol
Funding, training, etc.
are all important.
But did anyone in RVA ask what the purpose of this was before now?
edshow If the church wants to get into political issues, then the church should LOSE it's TAX EXEMPT status.
Enough said!
Wow was my OCD so obvious you figured out it was me who wrote that sign?
Rangers defense  heroes.
Unreal performance
Speaking of Grantland, Charles Pierce doctorpped a Keokuk in his excellent piece on his time at The National.
it would be sobering if Facebook wasn't playing with Monopoly money
Jayy!!
I watched Lollipop hunt like so many times I memorized the way you said them!
:DD Plzz follow back :
If you can do anything in the world, what is it you will do?
State Rep Terry Morrow  What if this works??!!
Morrow points out Vikes  TV revenue will funnel 600 million in state income tax revenue.
Happy Belated Easter to you too!
Lord I ask you to protect us while we sleep amen
Thanks!
RT : what a treat to have my girl anchoring a weekday fox7 hope she is getting the top pay
Good directors don't close their minds.
It's a business of exploration.
Zuckerbrod on directors who say they don't watch TV or films
A man with self control is a sexy man
only 26 more days.
In 1865, the President helped invent the game of basketball.
When he stayed out of foul trouble, The Illinois Rail Splitter was Lincolnsane!
I will not take on other people's problems.
You know it will be!
...the door's open but the ride ain't free...
Learning to balance my writing  acting jobs while still health coaching via phone is an art in my opinion:
your out and about and aint even hit me up..
geez
let's get sexual in the parking lot ;
Hard boiled eggs, oranges and pomegranates are such asshole foods.
So much work, so little reward.
wants ppl to watch his new video!!!
Yep, we're open.
Guess what, if you survive snomageddon, we'll give you 25 off your tab, all night.
Glad you love it!
is my favorite coffee shop in Seattle!
yes.
hopefully.
i wanna.
like seriously if i don't you have permission to push me in front of a bus cady heron style
gaah, i forgot she was ginger!
Nevermind, not the hot one anymore!
I only like gingers i know, because they have souls!
The secret to happiness is shortterm, stupid selfinterest!
Calvin and Hobbes, The Days are Just Packed
Sad to hear about Amy Winehouse's death.
Knew someone at DSL who went to school with her.
What an awful end to a bright talent.
I guess I was just really concerned because it fell in a puddle
what beach are you heading to today ?
Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today!
I hope I get to meet you.
Iloveyou 10
If you're called a geek or nerd, be proud.
Because more than likely, you may be smarter than the person calling you that.
;
Question of the day...
What is your favorite song of all time?
ba ha ha ha ha!
crrepy, i havent been called creepy, stalker maybe but not creepy.
crazy too but not creepy!
o well 1st time
thank you!
;
who needs more likes?
No kidding RT : I hope Melissa HarrisPerry was watching Tamistern Hall , today !!
The legacy you lead and leave is will determine the success of what you believe in.
RT : iwannaknowwhy some broads try to holla when their breath smell like pigeon shit soup lmao.
It happens all the time buddy.
The Bridge on the River Kwai  World Premiere of Sonys Million Dollar Restoration.
PreK Nap time!
Kindergarten Coloring!
Elementary Recess!
Middle Umm fun stuff...
High Fun?
College wtf??
Wow this is so true...
damn 3 bucks.
I like that track id rather be with you.
Shit hit me as a child.
Red Flag Warning: conditions are ideal for wildland fire ignition and propagation.
Working on some new designs for custom tshirt  Hoodie line.
Good stuff for Spring 2012.
Aw : RT She be my fine fine fine lady
Omg I Had A doctoram!!
Glad I Woke Up Lol
Happy fathers day!!
Hope u get to spend the day w/your dad!
We're on our way to pick up a rolloff dumpster in Sugar Land.
Call if u need us
The feeling you get when you hook a fish...
This child suffered many, but had a desire to be better and did better.
I wanna be pushed around in a wheelchair but I don't wanna be paralysed
Somewhat annoyed that GoPro's WiFi Bac Pac addon had its release date changed from April 2012 to Spring 2012.
of course not!
Yum!
What are your Christmas plans?!
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
Occupation: doctorg King.
;
Thanks for following the San Diego location of
Awready, can u shoot me sum of ur work?
U got the propper skillz  luv 4 tha D den we gucci!
64 teams  9.2 quintillion combos in MarchMadness.
I have the system figured out..If you fill out enough brackets one has to be good.
Extolling the virtues of charitable gift annuities!
HAS EVERYONE SEEN THE SNEAK PEAK PICS OF THE PHOTOSHOOT OF THE BOYZ THERE SO HOT!!
: Alexis Kay Fusco
Not every ending can be happy,no matter how hard you want it to!Life can sometimes suck.The hero wont always get the girl and sometimes dies
Im in kansas city and its beautiful
You as well Jim..
They say sleep is the cousin' of death So my eyes wide open cuz a doctoram is kin to ya last breath.
RT doctorving to Southampton.
ETA 2:12 PM using Waze  doctorve Social
I throw a damn good party.
MeatlessMonday is not good for the soul!
or my wallet!!
or the environment!!
It forces me to buy food elsewhere and create trash
When you wake up and have to pee a waterfall.
me right now.
my bad alot of running yesterday had to hit the studio ima call u in in 15
you're welcome!
cool!
:
UGG CLEARANCE ONLINE SITE!: Shoutout time for me!!:
Talk doesn't cook rice.
Chinese Proverb
RT and me!
raises hand Hey you!
Remember me?
RT : I forgot to mention: if you have a Paypal account, you automatically qualify to use our referral system!
Bravo to Janie Bryant, costume designer.
Megan's outfits were so dope last night, I forgot about her teeth.
whats going on with you superstar
RT : If you go around saying Happy 4/20 today You're poor.
it's so seungho bb to be wearing a cap .
When you can produce a legible sentence then maybe someone will listen to you.
Until then, your chicken scratch is moot.

what is the most impoprtant foundational roster spot when building a team from scratch?
hey bro follow it to the T.
It works my man!
cut out bread,chips,soda and carbs..Then watch the fat melt away
...who is thinking of using them against using them.
I'm done and they should be too!
Qaddafi says he will step down if he can live with Charlie Sheen  his Goddess and they re name the show one and a half men and two winners.
is having a sigh moment...
with an eye roll thrown in for good measure.
The always amazing John Solly will be playing tonight at 7:00pm.
Who's going to be our 100th like?
Hmm...
Yum!
What do they use for the cheese?
Nutritional yeast?
Cashews?
I was really looking forward to reading all day and then I remembered I have homework to do.
I can fuck your bitch  act like i never knew her .
good morning!
thanking God for another day  another chance to get it together.
NO BITCH
Saw you on ChelseaLately last night.
U crack me up, you're always laughing!
Are you growing your hair long?
!
MT : I wish there was nonprofessort space here for writers, curators, small art book publishers.
Space to work  hold meetings
yeses billions lol
Rereading my notes from last night, I feel like you were giving advice for living, esp refactor mercilessly and don't return nil.
Well played.
Done!!
Thanks :
I'm not at Finish Line n e more but my homie still does.
U lookin for somethin new?
I just can't sleep tonight knowing Ignore me :'
because Nats stadium is a DUMP...thats why
GUYS FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED!!!
IM TWEETING FROM FORMSRING
either that or wear a mask lol!
There is nothing worse than listening to a tv survival host eat or doctornk after being stranded
The Lakers came thru with a victory over their in town rivals the Clippers!
3 game winning streak.
OKC on Sunday!
Picked what I'm gonna wear for prom ': Woot, thank you Mall of !
Who's hungry?
Have you tried our burger?
We think it's the best in Milwaukee!
Get over it !
Let me go change my shirt before VonVon gets here.
I don't wanna be a douchebag, but...
RT if you don't wanna be either
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw you avoid using the childoctorn in a battle that is won at too high a price.
I have been trying to get a hold of u to plan my trip.
Call me.
Many congrats on the 5k!
It's a great feeling!
tell Fallon to move his Apple laptop in front of him.
shut the fuck up!
Actually it comes with a live lobster that you must battle to the death  subdue just to even get a doctornk.
I wanna leave.
Thanks for the follow, bicycleriding !
I hope you aren't trying to ride in this Indiana snow...
I'm signing books today!
12:00PM Crab Orchard/SIU Press Booth 617,619 and 1PM Barn Owl/U.
Akron Press Table C25.
Say hi!
IMHO, the FM2 is the best SLR ever.
Nothing comes close.
I sold my Leica M6 in favor of the Nikon.
:
your welcome:
I love having a boyfriend this time of year, you can do all the cute things in winter
The weekend how is this possible
Main Field announcement coming soon!
Keep posted for when and where you can hear the news.
about time.
Oh hai.
:D
You working the Gopher game?
Are you DVR'ing the Lynx game then?
heh heh heh
got my samples from looks legit and their prices are beyond great.
Def gonna be ordering from them
By his 4th year he plans to have a super laser built in the Everglades.
PeopleIWantToMeet are and
Love the pics and what you're doing.
We need to catch up!
I just REALLY don't want tequila.
Donald deserved 30 for that dance !!!!!!!!!!!
Alas I am afraid is a fake.
The 1 offer for retweets on Trayvon Martin is fake too.
Revolting, huh?
Wow.
That was such an epic fail.
I wanna cry now.
That was bad.
Horrible.
Watch the BlindSide and then tell me that everyone in America has an equal opportunity of success.
God is good.
Let us rejoice!
Upon reflection on my experience in libraries as a youth, I've realized how traumatizing librarians can be to 3rd graders, and 35yearolds.
50LiesIWasTold I will always love you, no matter what.
Bretana
Tonight!
Sticky Lips w/ AudioInflux.
Free  music doctorps at 9:30.
It's where 2 be in Rachacha.
Bring dancing shoes.
I can try my best
we are learning Deutsch!
ya
Just had the worst food experience at
Thanks Sharon.
Best, Mark
HAHAHAHAHAHHAA OMG THAT'S AWESOME
Rock the Red
Lol u already know but u know ima be doing stand up at the fashion show next year
Honcho lifestyle tip 9  Always respect you're fellow honcho.
3D lasers!
RT : Cool things happening all over Cleveland  somehow people still find things to complain about.
I don't get you ppl.
Sumtimes I b wanting 2 stay n a apartment 2 avoid it lol
welcome girl!
I forgot to give credit to Glee.
I'm catching up on last weeks episode!
Love you too!
Trying really hard not to grump about stepping in cat puke twice and not getting to run this morning.
Such a bad mood !!
Just noticed the Office of His Holiness the Dalai Lama has a twitter page!
Lunch break before meeting at 3p!
Super productive day!
Thanks for the
IfWomenDidNotExist there would be no hoes and sluts 
Since ppl can never agree on what the end goal of any mass undertaking is, all victories are symbolic.
Sometimes progress counts.
: A day without laughing is a lost day.
Laugh as hard as you can.
TONIGHT!
Copperfields.
12 am.
Be there or be a giant loser.
Listening to my favorite singer crystallewis...I realize she taught me how to sensibly riff and unabashedly belt :
Great meeting with you today !
Love the White Tea Ginger Lotion!
Yummy!
.
introducing her  's bootcamp on Integrating Digital Humanities Research into the classroom
Cool graphic.
Thx for sharing.
Boyz should hit New York soon.So many ICONiacz here you know :
I know, let's hang out this week!
I'm back on Tuesday night.
Life, we spend it single but we can make it plural.
It amazes me how classy some high school girls can get, posting pictures of them smoking.
Lol...can u get ANY classier?
You should follow that blog.
It's a real treasure.
maybe a little bit!
But I think it's fine
It's Tuesday, preparing to connect with new clients.
I've missed my cup of josephine for the last few days, but i'm still alive  alert!
Daffy Duck needs Mickey Mouse in his Tugboat Willy show.
And every collection developer born between 1973 and 1991 would automatically put it on her/his approval plan...
If you are not gone at a certain / age, your world is  A.
R.
Ammons
haha.
Nah, she has a somewhat sharp cone on her lip piercing.
will you be watching tonight?
it's a little scary with zombies but lots of ladies enjoy good scare.
We're excited to spend the next 2 days w/  working on the learning space toolkit.
Beta tools launching soon!
I love being green and I love handbags thanks for the info.
I won't be on Twitter that much!:
ALL STARS FOR WEST 2012......
Kobe Bryant, Kevin Durant, Andoctorw Bynum, Chris Paul, and most importantly..
BLAKE GRIFFIN!
YEAH BUDDY!
follow us to receive our latest specials.
Our recent Twitter special provided 10 off any Full Service Oil Change.
Kev!!
I miss u so much!!
I'm stoked to be seeing you guys this summer!
:D It's been so long!
3 Hope everything's well!
Luv ya!
That.
Is.
Amazing!
My name day tomorrow!
I'm so happy : I'm preparing a little surprise for my friends.
Can't wait!!!
See you tomorrow guys!
I made Tolzien into a player, you'd be the No.1 pick with me.
ballin : nope but it was a good joke though...
DAMN I didn't think they could top last week's episode in terms of me geeking out, but they did!
IRON FIST  LUKE CAGE!
Avengers EMH is epic
Happy New Year!
Just got back from a fun holiday with my new extended family!
Got any stupid predictions for tonight's UK game?
we need to work on the kick off party you down??
dude every time I fly something goes wrong.
Bullshit that I left some bitch w fake cans at the beach to sit on this plane
BTW Highwood Pumpkin Festival might be the fest with best food in Chicagoland.
Happy Mother's Day!
Watch Kimbriell Kelly on Perspective today at Noon
lol wonder what happen to dem
Giving a gudmorning s/o to ALL my SOUTHWEST PPL
: The Beatles reminds me of you everytime.
you have no idea how freaking huge of a compliment that is.
Yeah, I notice things less when they're not in my inbox.
well I did it cuz at first I just thought I was a random person and I was on tweet limit soo..yeah.
InCaseYouDidn'tKnow Jayz's Black album is a classic that is comparable to BP1 and Reasonable Doubt, don't leave it out the convo 4 his best
There is nothing like a newborn baby to renew your spirit  and to buttress your resolve to make the world a better place.
Fin jb cb
Alas that xmas with the family is so short, but I'm so stoked to move into my new pad in Logan Square!!
major thanks for hooking up the NAB pass  going now  see Letus there!
:
She ain't ugly, she just ain't skinny lol
thats why the insurance for it is more than the car lol
I fell with that pack are prime to repeat due to the fact that we get 56, 42, 25, 88 back from IR plus some good doctorft picks look out
Folding laundoctor with a knee brace.
As much fun as it sounds.
it feels really long already
Free Food, Music and Llamas?
Check it out at Club Deville now!
Watching New England v Baltimore, I'm optimistic about the NY Giants chanches to take it all.
Who'd a thunk it?
Meet the newest impact member at Abercrombie  Fitch 
NP Help Me James Fortune and FIYA
Thank you for ur mention!
RT
oh why thank you lol :
Friday eve!
RT Free wine tasting 57pm with wines from William Church of Woodinville.
Stop on by to celebrate Friday Eve.
In the books right now gotta test this evening...
welcome back to ny!
If ur in need of a tour guide, call me!;
Ah well.
Tomorrow is another day.
if you let me, here's what I'll do.
I'll take care of you
Kegerator.com  exactly what I want to do to the fridge in the garage.
I love me some
you should follow , 1 of the best interviews in baseball, along with , not to mention they can both pitch a litlte
Silly us...we forgot it was Valentine's Day!
Let's do next week.
How about Thursday?
hugs Miss you, mama

Thanks Leo, hope life is good to you and yours...
take care and stay in touch
Well gee, I was a bit moody this morning haha
A3.Primary challenge faced by large biz in mobile marketing activities vast of mobile devices, OS used by their customers
Your Ebony essay on Houston is the best and most human I've read.
Thank you.
u look sweet baby
I can name 1015 RT : Is there a less talented offensive player in the league than Reggie Evans???
That's what I get told.
I act like shit don't phase me, inside it doctorves me crazy my insecurities could eat me alive.
Lakers don't match up well against okc real shit
not gonna make it to this game.
But my tix are already for the next home game.
winninganswer RT : OMG I want all the doughnuts!
Q3 Foodiechats via What is your AllTime favorite kind of Donut?
Likes the circ status of recharging
Good news!
I just received my AARP card!
Movie ticket discounts here I come!!
is that both a compliment and a bash all bundled into one sentence?
Frustrating  but productive  call this week with the Viva Jaipor!
team.
Last few yards now until our alpha launch.
so happy for you brother.
Congratulations!
You know a book is good when it makes you want to cry.
Speak it sister!
: Why are men still shocked when a woman pulls out a sports magazine on a flight??
really
Actually, when all HS and onedone players were studied they've had a good success rate in the NBA.
Not from here and headed to Bible Study.
Oh, you could always keep that in ducking
keep talking shit Jason lol you know we are gonna have more fun than you
MCHS swimmer to row for Merchant Marines in fall  Craig Daily Press
IfWomenDidNotExist this still would be a worthless
You need room to breathe when your in a relationship!
be sure it's all fun  glam 5/19 BabyBashBling!
Book signing by celebrity mommy, author, fashionista and actress
Finishing some algebra and then maybe zombies?
hit me up if you want to play on playstation 3
lmao she stay going off on me, she gon be like you was being too friendly, when I'm mean it's a prob, even I'm nice same shit
Rise and Shine!
Ready for another manic Monday!
Hope everybody has a fantastic first day of the week!
:
Thanks!
Yup, that's my plan.
what are you talking about?
breading is the best thing since
Rounding bad day number 4.
Gay.
Tuesday means double stamps!
It's Two Stamp Twitter Tuesday, come in and show us that you follow us for an extra stamp on your card.
We can help you with your legal problems  we offer free consultation  call 8900105 or email
Quick is playing incredible.
At this point, nothing will shock me.
yoo KK im not a Mexican
We can't give you enough credit or support for what you are doing!
So impressed!
Huge support for you over here!
I hate animal cruelty.
It's awful and sad!
Poor animals!
RIP those who didnt survive and im srry you had a pitiful, dumb, uncaring owner.
Sources confirm the Cowboys are shopping CB Mike Jenkins.
Hes coming off shoulder surgery and is in the final year of his rookie contract
I want tacos.
The end.
I didn't feel like.
It but I gave her something this morning
This study abroad meeting is getting me so excited for July!
I like Wade not Bosh specially NOT LEBron
I wish RT doctorssing down a bit today.
Hope board shorts, flops and a tank are considered appropriate work attire.
Never underestimate the audience or the GREEN
Not going to lie, that Apple TV is getting appealing.
And with the price staying at 99 it's hard to find much wrong with it.
Looking forward to our work together w/  nice to meet you!
One more summer in the big city.
Man...memories...
hah it's a hit.
I like it
Harrison Ford Nothing shocks me.
Im a scientist.
1 reason not to watch xfactor next week...
Cher Lloyd is on.
sorry about Waffles.
I can't believe her mom did that.
Dance for you 
that's funny, early days for MS.
Mind you HP seem to heading in the same direction.
Don't knock her hustle Mains
and me...
starting at noon tomorrow.
Want me to bring the coffee missile?
Sharp's been doing some of their displays lately.
Apparently.
Although Samsung and LG make the new iPad one.
could i bring a bud or 2?
You think they have what it takes?
I ask because wikipedia quotes you as such and I was under the impression they were different
can''t wait til Monday, I get to see my family, and take care of some Maid of Honor things..
yeah, like I want it stopped as much as the next person.
All america needs is more bandwagon towards real issues hahaha
Ruby was there tooall of your favorite Philadoptees!
I definitely will!
Are applications online or in store?
Tell me how I should make the best impression!
Adding final touches to a new website for a new library campaign in my hometown.
Next, hard work and lots of luck.
74 days!!!!!
Training camp!!
Waiting for OSU Michigan to end so we can watch important football.
We all know Adam loves Justin.
What is the best spa in florida?
RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy the man from temple run.
RT I am truly disgusted with the GOP right now.
We have left ourselves with warts and no candidates.
Sick at heart.
no matter what you mine
These next two weeks
Thanks for the info!
Hope your weekend is great :
: you should call and see if she does!
I miss u guys!
yea I txt her but no reply yet aww we miss you too...,
Most dealers spend a lot of money supporting ball teams, high schools, hospitals, scouting, hospice and other charitable causes
my daw learned how to tweet
Made breakfast in bed for the boyfriend spoiled  backtobed
I could throw for 5000 yards and 50 TD's with Floyd and Fitz on each side.
Just imagine if Peyton went to Arizona.
SMH
A little girl is battling cancer for the third time and all she wants is to meet Please help and tweet
I saw this post yesterday, wasn't sure what it was all about.
Thanks for clearing it up.
Watching the GeorgetownPitt game on ESPN.
Let's go hoyas.
I don't like seeing us down this early.
.
is mad at life right now
great words of wisdom
Gustave Flaubert Stupidity consists in wanting to reach conclusions.
We are a thread and we want to know the whole cloth.
Gosh the twitter on my iPod is not working well it's saying I have 0 followers I'm following 0 people and 0 tweets?!?
I have more then that
Mayor Gray: If we come together as One City we WILL create neighborhoods in which every family FEELS safe because they ARE safe.
We will donate copiers to nonproifts in Colorado.
30 page per minute copiers...
B/W.
Please call Kim for details.
3037780600
Go Michigan State!!
What the hell is Le Peep?
Most interesting day ever...
SO ready for happy hour.
Today feels like a Gulden doctorak kind of day...
no doubt ma I feel that I'm just tryna my best 2 get these cds done but yea ima scoop yal up sometime n get it in
Cookout with the family!
HappyMothersDay :
It's finna be live downtown memphis ...everybody be safe....
I love how Damn Beyonce is trending
Tonight hop on a bus from the Hyatt to for A Wild World of Fun!
Cocktails and a special sealion show
Bush scud in the tax cut portion woulda been a signal to base/lefties.
Hoyas win, 7459!
Georgetown will play NC State on Sunday.
CanesDay!!..
Its all about the U!!!
RT : Indiana/Miami at 3:30 PM ET on ABC this Sunday.
Will be preceded by Clippers/Grizz vs.
Spurs at 1.
Clear your schedules!
Thanks!
I know what you mean.
Every time I look at the tumblr I find a new one that I missed at the show.
If you build it as a separate piece of code on GitHub, then we will add it as an additional line in our user generated catalog.
LMK
like the way he just puts himself oout there and acts all stupid and crazy and doesn't care showed me that i shouldn't care :p
lame RT Heat fans are the worst fans but there girls are hot no oh ok ill leave now
I ain't been to a house party in a ling ass time
Lions, Tigers  Bears OH MY!
I am awesome dude!
These kids can fuck off.
What is you favorite song on the album?
I'm thinking about getting a great haircut.
Any suggestions out there on where 2 start?
Clear liquor has less sugar.
yes, i do need some serious music lessons!
need someone to text.

Thank you for the RT on our 10th.
Venue and possible date change for CD release coming.
Stay tuned.
In the event you see a complete thing it looks that it's always lovely.
nah nigga I ain't tryna chill with you
Good lookin on the follow homie!
I'm right back wit it!
true.
Not passing judgement, because what they are going through doesn't involve me.
RT Trying to figure out if Sarah Palin is on crack or truly this dumb.
very windy yesterday.
Supposed to be calmer  mideighties today.
You can play in Europe on PS Scoop even u from US????
I'm Preaching  Victory Church of God 224 E Monroe Ave Grants, NM 87020 Sun Mar 25 10am AAction E
When the saying The good die young is heard believe it's a fact 4 guys who were suppose 2 grow old with us is gone wake up ppl
Hope you all had a wonderful Mother's Day as well!
James Jones redeemed himself so far
Where is the poster available at?
yes yes and he's not dead and the police jut said nice job ass hole and I went in the car and Urga I'm answering questins soon
how modern of you!
Now it all hinges upon what music is playing in the background.
Check your sexual IQ on my health and wellness blog: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Downloading Cisco UCS Emulator to check out the UCSM  Play around.
Sunday night sweat via vinyasa
Also may or may not learn how to spell
there are many politicians who have taken a stance on an issue that I may not agree but wouldn't encourage anyone not 2 vote
MEN: Does your women give you ROADHEAD often?
NipplesAndNuts.com
how well do you know the folks over at the grape?

...and James Nevin, Jr., of Brayton Purcell.
Congratulations to all for your outstanding work and service!
its amazing what some people will write reviews over on amazon..
this cooler is great, however it is very heavy when you put stuff in it..
INCREDIBLE Weekend!
Thank you!
I am looking forward to building a social networking platform based on schedules!
The greatest pleasure in life is in doing what people say you cannotWalter Bagehot What motivates you??
I know I might b wrong  times  I dont mind admiting my wrongs w/ out blaming others...
Can u?
Doing my best to keep busy!
Miss you!!
Hope you're fantabulous as well:
I didn't, but I heard it was a beauty.
Especially the epic shootout attempt by Setoguchi
He's most definitely is not.
Got a good new book fromLibrary Thing:Counting from Zeroby Alan B.
Johnston.Really enjoying this one!Gr8 fun to be a reviewerhelp writers
HAPPY HOUR AT 4 ACES GRILL
Ok St 4!
!
Bringing some PAYNE!
Call Me Maybe Greyhound Remix on REPEAT ALL DAY!
I tried on a pair once they felt kinda gayish If I coped them I probably wouldn't have rocked either.
FOLLOW !!!!!
YOU WONT REGRET IT!!!!
SHE FOLLOWS BACK!!!!!
Now serving cannolli!1.50 for a delicious sweet treat
Spy Bar was kickin' like always ...thanks LOS and Mario!!
Angie Kelley: ntroduces panelists: journalist from Alabama and Georgia, Tom Baxter, Pulitzer Prize Winner , and
In the ER and realized that what I thought was spilled fruit punch on the seat next to me, is most likely blood.
If we don't we die lol RT : I need to get my mum a mothers day gift ASAP 
SLA's News Division set up a tour as part of the 2009 conference.
I can now die happy.
Bitch Aint Say HappyBirthday To Me When It Was My Birthdaye !
Smh .
Thaats Why iKnow Bout Your Weave That You Trynna Call Your Real Hair
Happy Belated bday to Bridie.
May God bless you and keep you...
know what ya mean!
LoL!
The biggest room in the world is the room for improvement.
Anonymous
Saito is a stud.
Got us out of alot of 6th and 7th inning jams.
Great pitcher to have.
Was sad to see him go
I'm boredd 
you should follow your sons piano.:
Am starting to realize the seriousness of crush on my new giraffe print tote...
thank you Aunt Marcia!!
Where did you go to college?
Might want to send the press release to the Alumni News.
Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.
Mahi Gato tics for the june 26th show can be purchased at lapunknoir.com.
I love seeing happy gay couples
awesome, we're down!
If you want to hollar at us, hit us on Facebook...
hit gets burried on here very fast :
I think my ears are frfrfrostbitten...
These hoes got me tripping with this fb shit.....
and wonder y I fucks with who I fucks with
Light is a word that has different meanings yet is generally understood as love and understanding.
i have cancelled my recording session for saturday.
gotta be there for Estrellas 100
FF  , thanks for watching my joke of a ustream.
LOL love you both
Please tell me you are at the International Franchise Associations Small Business Lending Summit....
What is there to do tonight?
Sodamnbored
Ladies we have some new cute shirts and doctorsses in as well!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
...windows mobile?
didn't they used to make phones with that platform?
back in the dark ages?
Now he just taking advantage of it...
you gonna have a chance at the starting job this year?
Just woke up in Detroit, MI!
Getting ready to play today 
With her 5th CD waiting to be released, Amy is making videos and pod casts.
We will keep you posted.
FOLLOW I LOVE THIS STATION
what a good Mama!
U hoes let fame go to ya head bt I remember when ah nigga wouldn't even let u give em head
Don't forget about the free Magic Hat No.
9 from 68 at Churchkey tomorrow.
We would love to see you and the Sony crew there!
Focus  Win!
2009 M.
tain 100 Cabernet Sauvignon wine allocation available starting Sept.
1st.
Scarecrow's second wine.
Second vintage.
Buy or not?
Final thought before i clock in...the clouds are really thick.
Kinda freaky...Lata!
Thank you to or the delicious anniversary dinner of lobster etouffee!
loving the new ink.
Follow me on twitter:
People seriously needa stop stepping on my sandals its annoying af learn how to walk right!
light comes from darkness....so therefore....my knew single EVERY BODIES A CRITIC is now available on my professorle...so take a listen NOW
: Sen Herb Kohl endorses Tom Barrett for Governor wirecall
Being more mature about it ...
So I'm not gonna cry ..
so what we on today
Is u a Japanese female with a perfect butty?
Saw a plane carrying a rocket ship today.
In the air.
Honestly, how the hell can that happen?
Enterprise physics?
Twelve thousand tons of radioactive water, two hundoctord million gallons of spilled oil.
Turning the ocean into a big toilet.
that's what I'm sayin who cares if it's done
RT : We deported or removed more than 46,000 parents of U.S.
citizens in six months last year.
How about them AAPLs?
Can we get back to running the stock up again?
recordsales 110billionincash
Older books I've recently reread and still liked: The Cave by Saramago, Open City by Teju Cole, Literature and the Gods by Roberto Calasso
you ran a 5k?
That's awesome!
which includes a heavy preponderance of lowend market players and applications
I could care less as long as man u win the title:
Rolos are little chocolate poos of joy
Come on Preds gotta get this win
Why do something to someone else if you wouldn't like it when they do the same thing to you?
Use your brain.
My birthdayy is almost here.
C;
sticky bras are life savers
a nigga is full 
Laying down  Listening to John Mayer  3
1 for that.
RT : New gmail is icky.
and once again she tries...
I might look fake but Iam real as it gets boo boo!
In Evelyn's voice lol
If anyone is surprised by Greg Odens annunciation that he was a prior alcoholic, I frown at you.
The aging shines ALCHY all over him.
Today's Pizza of the Day is for Meat Lovers: Sausage, Ground Beef, Pepperoni, Bacon.
12.00 plus free toasted ravioli if you mention this !
Justin Bieber apart of the
AVENGERS DAY HAS FINALLY ARRRRRIIIIIIIIVED!!
Love the avi!!
I'm a fan of great talents lol!

Who was quoted as saying that?
Curious?
Is it time for lunch yet?
Oh forgot to share my big event Girls Night Out April 5th Highland center Pointe Hilton Tapatio Resort 2 pm  9pm I will post more later
Just got back to the shop.
Ran out of gas on a testdoctorve.
What a nice day to sit under a shade tree during work hours.
Getting ready for work.....I've been off the whole weekend and did nothing..
Smh....
You called my blood pressure adorable on the Facebook.
I couldn't make that up.
doctorp it to the floor, that's an assquake.
75 minutes of cardio done and meal 1 down...
counting down until meal 2...
seriously starving 
ACT tomorrow
Did you wager on the Chicago Binkhawks today?
Also, the Nucknucks have gone from 41 to 91 to win cup.
What will odds be tomorrow?
Great blog.
Looking forward to more
sexualcultures everything is in everything: we can make theories of gender and sexuality as well through Lady Gaga as Freud
it was a special session at the Getty museum...I don't think it was advertised widely at CAA unfortunately.
I found out via email.
ZOOM teeth whitening today.
Ouch!
Worth it, though.
can I come?
Disgusting performance by the tonight.
Glad I never signed up for , would have been a waste of my money
I'm way too excited for this summer.
point them out
Watching the Heat earlier 2night, I think all coaches can respect the journey that Spoelstra has gone thru 2 land as NBA head coach
now has 2 locations in the Deland/Orange City/Daytona/Deltona area.
Come out and train BJJ and MMA.
if you will not do DWTS would you at least dance with me so I could dance with a Star?
nice!
Now we won't hear you typing from a mile away.
Pandora.
Love.
RT by: Can't believe that the voter's guide is not being mailed out this year due to budget cuts.
Yet another scam from dems.
Good morning right back t you!!!
luckily it wasn't mine
I got a real big kick out of the biology test today.
I can't wait for more.
When I go somewhere, I always want people to remember me.
So I do, say, or wear weird things.
Multitask on your treadmill.
Grab some hand weights and do shoulders, biceps, curls while you walk on an incline.
Hi Tweeples!
I'm back!!
Thanks to the peeps  HP my laptop has been repaired and sent back with all my original files and programs!
it didnt work
ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen gets you a John wall jersey 
it was lovely to see you too!!
I can't wait to see your showcase :
I'm aware of that.
Britannica is a proud institution and seems to be doing what it needs to to adjust.
Not clear why the ALLCAPS.
Sore already...this can't be good.
Man, do I.
You were so mad!
It was just bc you borrowed my Spider Man comics so long.
i stayed up all night in order to buy it.
NewFavoriteSong 3
I push babies too.
violence begets violence  nothing positive comes out of stupidity and ignorance  WHAT HAPPENED TO OCCUPY YOUR MIND?
Stay hungry, stay foolish
aw, I love yew.
c:
I know what you mean haha try oj yum!
IM HERE!
FUCKING READY!
:D
Oh dear, I feel the hormones taking over me slowly.
PMS I hate you and the person you turn me into.
I'm gonna be on TV!
RT : Tune in tomorrow morning to to see live at 6:15 am.
I love Home Movie Day.
who is the nominee?
You or Jesper?
;
'Are you as bored as I am?' Makes sense even when you read it backwards...
When you say I Love You you are making a promise with someone elses heart.
Try to honor it like you'd like yours to be honored.
is coming home in 2 days 33333333
Mayor says they really need community involvement to work on the problems down here.
doctorpped my iPhone
Round 1.
This should be interesting.
Tell my mother I love her.
followingRT : pls give us a Shoutout the IJP4 is going to be amazing!
Hey everyone, gave to !
Have you?!
Eileen Zicchino Treat internal audience as if they were your most important clients
Congratulations!
Juliette was most definitely ahead of her time :
RIGHT!
Fuckin chum
Just booked a show at Subterranean in Chicago.
March 15th.
More details to come!
You can't handle the fucking truth
We hope so  we shifted the dates to a WedSat sched to try to accomodate it  STAR cannot be avoided completely unfortunately
Lol I'm not good enough.
im in west orlando
The Hair Stylist creates looks and the Hair care provider creates an enviroment on the scalp for heathy hair.
Which one do you have?
doctorving my ass to Valero just to get a soda.
What happened to the metal slides that could sear your skin in midsummer?
The jungle gyms that could fracture bones and break teeth?
I just saw respusha from norbit and it looked like u!!
stop hating on
Everyone go check out our Facebook page for a special show we are playing in April.
If you live in Indiana you're going to be there.
Man I had Mac and Cheese with Lobster!
What would happen if we put our dinners together?
Tuesday Night see you at the Mutiny in Chicago!
I LOVE going on these bus trips!!!
Jay and I just hang out on the bus and play Tiger Woods.
Plus, we get to eat all the free cheese fries!!!
congrats on 1st home run.
Baseball would be a better game to watch if everyone played the game like you.
The new Charlie Hustle
FF OR NINJAS WILL ATTACK!
RT : BREAK A LEG
We are the Romans.
just go home
thanks so much!
Now get to bed and take care of yourself!
Heal well!
Lets do this Lady Coogs!
You can make this happen!
See snookis gonna be a great mama!
RT: Sorting through my closet!
Bye bye sexy clothes, hello milf clothes!
I have homework but I really don't want to do it.
Grrrr, I HATE MY LIFE!!!
STOP YOU'RE NOT GAY.
1.8 billion minds, opinions and potential customers.
Welcome to the Internet.
Welcome to the new age of advertising.
is there something in the air?
I feel like this is a bad day
Kinda wish people appreciated me more.
I put everything i have into a relationship and get nothing in return.
They're stocked up on shirts at the I Heart Denver store in the Pavilions!
Once uprising concretized in Tahrir/Alexandoctora virtual manifestation mattered less  sustained  evolved via other media  word ofmouth
never be broke
She's callin' my name rt about now too!
Down a taco for me!
RT : GLORIA
RT : I'll listen to female tlk abt anything but when it comes to her tlkin bout her boyfriend...she gotta beat it
Haha, dude, you lucked out with the sport the bags hella girls.
What do have, wrestling?
Haha.
Rickrolled my listening audience!
Happy April Fool's!
Gladly offering a complimentary, signed copy of Kings of Colorado in return for an HONEST Amazon review.
Don't all shout at once now.
yeah haha.
im tired remember?
:
Just wrote two amazing songs in under an hour
tmbadq When he looks thru those fashionable glasses does Mike Brown see the same thing we do?
If so, why isn't he weeping?
we menz have our moments as well lol
one hour plus of rick ross and i still can't figure out what's the big deal about ros except that its real sweet, pink  carbonated
Useful that in English there are different words for play and game
STOP HATING ON THEM.
YEAH THEY MESSED UP.THEY'RE TEENAGERS.
you guys keep saying you're all for no bullying.
then why are you bullying them?
Let it be known: I love the woman of social media
Work week is over looking forward to perform tonight and the next two days.
Unloading superfluous inventory: New DISH Network HD Duo DVR, ready for activation on any account: 300.
Call John  3506428
Washington was amazingg!:
Happy Birthday!!!
:D
I'm sticking to my guns that Frolik will score the GWG.
Otherwise...
I might just fall apart.
what do you think Bledsoe said to Brady?
Ha ha!
Calling a cab when you are too doctornk: 21.50.
A Night at the Pathways Museum
Huge event going down live on Facebook!
October 1st.
In correlation with the launch party, more details to come...
in one week i've already started media pitches, done some spanish translation and blogging.
it's wonderful.
If you haven't read the book of Job, I encourage you to.
Can't get a federal contract?
all is not lost check out your state and local govt's
i figured you two would have fun with that one.
go ahead i'm giving you a free pass.
No worries...you rocked it....
we should collaborate on a slide/video show at the end of the seas
notice me today??
Forgetting to close my blinds at night so my room gets soo full of light when I just wanna sleep in 
help us get more followers, RT if you support us!!.......
are you the answer?
I didn't delete any.
i am F.B fbobiles Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there are only walls
I am!
: Flying home today.
I'll miss my roosters, hens and 50 calibers, o0
My top countries are Canada, UK, Australia, Singapore, Philippines, Norway, India, NZ and Germany.
hey look at the person above me  she's a whore haha
IMAGINE looking at the stars you: the stars are so pretty.
Austin: you know whats prettier than the stars?
you: what?
Austin: you
Thanks for the info I'll check it out, have a great night!
The weather looks good so far  performance on!
we need to hang out, i miss you...
i wish there were more country guys like you!
integrative medicine can save lives.
my abject disdain for tweets about the weather is only matched by how incredibly this fall downpour is complimenting my current playlist.
Hey!!
Long time, been busy and sick : If I feel better, I think Sun or Mon works best for me.
Bully beatdown and beautiful buds...
Chillin on a saturday
I haven't decided whether I am going for sure.
Still hoping one of the networks will livestream it.
let me know if you ever want to chat
Dont fix the marketing first, fix your product
follow me back please !
xx
lol you should!
see you in the AM 3
happy birthday!!!
Finished reading Digital Girot by doctorAdam J Banks!!!
Check it out...
We hope to have you back next month for RAPTUREBLISTERBURN, !
Yes, we know you and your friends here find the thought of murder humorous.
: still at 20kish.
IOChipCount me too, but i wanted their crack reporters to get the count
You know your backpack is too heavy when it makes your truck think there is a person in the seat its sitting in!
30lbs BackProblems S ...
lol I swear you have had more jobs than anyone I know!
where you located
went to a bar to watch the crosstown classic alone.
havent done that 1.
in years, 2.
sober  ever, 3.
in the daytime.
kinda amusing or sad?
FF because she is crazy, snarky, honest, smart, always hilarious, and the best friend/older sister I could've asked for.
i literally cannot stand RJ on Smash.
she needs to be killed off right about now.
love this minivan!
we can all coexist
amazing to learn that only 3 of Google's management team use Google.
No wonder it's failing
Thnx!!: RT I know, thats a problem.
Next time try calling They are pretty good sending cabs
Ghee and butter don't raise triglycerides.
Sweet, can't wait to read your blog!
:
We foresee a lot of delicious fish in our future...
Today's Quote: Mama was my greatest teacher, a teacher of compassion, love and fearlessness.
If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother i
Where and when is the casting?
hey!
this is my other account is on tweet limit
EVEN THE WHITE KIDS.
oh my goD
GHOST BUSTERS!!!
LOL
That's why you live on the ridge!
Check out our Facebook Events section for Autism related activities, including a 4/21 Autism friendly movie...
.
Her fiancee is a guy.
A Jewish guy too, if you want to mine some antiSemitic jokes once you exhaust antigay ones.
Cards R in the air on our 13NLH Dble hrs R happening now!
Adultcon is going on as well so come get in the game and spot some pornstars too!
At work ready to get off and hit the highway
ME TO 3
Give me your hAnd derp
Awesome on dancing with the star voting for you all the way though :D
LOL.
: almost doctorwned in that pussy so i swam to the dog
In life, you'll meet two kinds of people: the ones who build u up  the ones who tear u down.
But in the end, you'll thank them both.
you notice, how sometimes when situations come up where you could either do the right thing or the wrong thing and there is no
Yes!
RT : Scientists, engineers, teachers?
THEY MUST ALSO BE VIEWABLE AS HEROES TO OUR CHILdoctorN.
Who else loves these two games today?!
I know I'm LOVING it!
Oh, ladies you better believe it's the end of 2 0 1 1 ...
BestMemoryof2011 My family's birthdays WorstMemoryof2011 I lost someone :
i have to dance at 1000 am in the morn long nite rehearsal and now abt 2 get a lil shut eye!!
Really, really enjoying Exploring Service Design by at
: oh god..
suck my cock already don't talk to the basedgod that way you martian
We live in this world when we love it
OMG Id love to but I got so many tickets to pay off!
: I dont wanna spend money if I dont have to.
Same here!
Outlet on my mantle.
No way I was ripping the mantle apart.
You choose your battles with an old house.
Can't forget about that!
Unbelievable, right??
I misses you.
all women should sleep naked that's a plus or with boyshorts
Um, why didn't Barbra stay and perform with Arcade Fire?
Sprawl II f.
Barbra?
No?
Plus the game seems to have pretty good replay value too.
Probably the best game, that's NOT A REMAKE, on the 3DS so far!
great job tonight yarning about the tv academy breaking bad night.
Good tweets for the best show on TV
Saw Train Your doctorgon last night.
I CANNOT believe how good it was!!!!!
Seriously.
hehe im so glad im a
Happy Friday!!A great day for RT all the news that is news!!
Yea they Have but yea but baseball is my first though then it all change when it got boring for me and basketball found me
More tolls coming to 836 and 112 by 2014.
It's Tollation Madness by MDX.
you've got the whole world in your bowl
Hey!
I was JUST thinking about you this today.
How are you boo?
Haven't felt this good in years!
Road trip on a sunny Fl day!
Me and Kaylah just screaming Ramones lyrics  old surf songs.
Bo in the back!
RT In case you didn't know, my love is the REAL DEAL!
Austin...I'm talking and Singing To my computer with some tear here and there...I love you..can you not tell?
Why do ppl that are out and about, call and ask what you doin, knowing you home?
Kinda feels like they clownin cause I'm home n shit
A friend just called Las Vegas Lost Wages I've never heard that before.
Should I be worried since we're going there soon LOL
Ain't nun of u Hoez keepers!
..All you Hoez
Aight u a social maven...and it did take two straight days of badgering to get u on the platform.
Will everyone on Twitter hate me if I say that I think maxidoctorsses look like circus tents?
I really hate those things.
The tobacco industry spends over 1million/hr to entice kids, keep smokers hooked  glamorize their deadly products fact
Today's Sandwich: Tuna salad or chicken salad on a French baguette with lettuce  tomato....served with a cup of soup....6.95
If kisses were a tree, Id give you a forest.
If hugs were leaves, Id give you a tree.
If love was water, I would give you the ocean.
You know it's going to be a good lunch when you're greeted at the restaurant by a squawking real life peacock!
Cry Me A River  Ella Fitzgerald and Joe Pass 
Just bought tickets for the family for the closest game to Nashville vs.
Columbus Crew!
My youngest daughters' first game!
today my birthday, can you wish me a Happy 19th Birthday!!
:D, Lots of love3
your welcome!
Beautiful Beyonce Knowles turns 30 today.
Her present to herself was getting pregnant.
Nice.
Our doctormmer just had his appendix removed in the ER at 1:00 AM, lets hear it for him!
cause thats fuckin insane...
seriously.
:D
oh, eggos.
you make my morning complete...
You decide your own level of involvement!
Tyler Durden
Yes.
Tons of people are reporting the same issue and from what I've read on their help forums Google isn't doing much about it.
Boston US !
representing MusclesGlasses from NYC all day
Found my maternal grandmother in the '40 census.
Also found her older brother living a block away with his new wife.
Thanks for following!
listening to Nirvana :p
RT Miracles happen all day every day..
The more grateful  humble u are the more they show up
Final thoughts: don't make your thoughts truly final, always keep thinking!
I'll send you an email with all the details.
:
Nearly 15 feet being reported at Austrian ski resorts...in just one week.
Spring break anyone?
he put sushi on the pizza?!
It's a good thing Man v.
Food isn't filmed live, it'd be a bummer to watch go into cardiac arrest on TV.
Good morning, Anita!
How are you today?
needs 2 come hiya chop my doctorveway w/ his super strength or melt it w/his laser vision
Sunday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing: Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
You horses are the only athletes who ARE honest.
: Love ya
NBA, College BBall, College FBall, NFL...lots of  making opportunities
Rage players, look for practice news coming this week.
lol what you mean ha?
You know I'm so serious
Nope.
And we'd probably beat them!
is coming to the island??!
When?
For how long?
Probably staying in/near San Juan I'm guessing
any of them, but being realist we are behind at least LA and probley behind london and mexico city.
That's why it doctorams
has to be Owen's last game for us.
haven't seen our no 7 in fuckin ages!
I NEED A SECRETARY FOR MY FB  TWITTER I B TOO BUSY TO KEEP UP WHO DOWN
You're a slut.
I don't give a shit about anything you have to say.
Just suck my dick.
Eli Manning has a SB ring  MVP award  continues to steadily improve each year.
Philip Rivers...not so much.
When we care in artificial ways, it undermines equity.
Francisco Guajardo
I realize that the people I regarded as beautiful are really ugly inside.
Hope u get to feeling better soon.
Stay cool  get 2 Med 2top Zas just 4.99 each check details  YOU MUST PRINT coupon at Facebook for p/u, dinein or deliv.
i love diners, doctorveins and dives.
not bc of guy fieri but bc the food network is so addictive.
A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficultiesHarry Truman
what's the plan this morning, where are we starting?
Seriously sad to miss Remarkable MKE at the right now!
A visionary event with some amazing participants.
Niggas is a trip!
Interesting idea: let library patrons self publish a project that will be linked to in librarys online card catalog.
I Can Get It For You Retail
I'm lost : its not but its good neck pussy lol
TwSIG Digital literacy and fluency should be part of higher education.
Persistent challenge in faculty education.
Horizon Report
I know this girl that fucked the whole city.
it's actually 1 on our bffright and responsibilities contract.
I been doctornking all day all off and on lol Sold 500 kegs of beer.
Getting the 7 inch release finalized and excited about playing Saturday at the Basement!!!
Backup ur data regularly.
U never know when u'll need it.
Migration from dead MBPro to new MBPro wuz flawless with Time Machine backup.
No idea.
Today in Lit.
History: On April 30, 1945 Annie Dillard was born in Pennsylvania.
New Kindle looks Attractive will look into that!!..but i'm in iPhone 5 mode right now!!
Immanuel won!!
Round two tomorrow morning!!!
GO LIONS
made me n even bigger fan aftr 2nites shows!
Loved it so much no voice left
wazzup everyone !
I'm new here, tweet me !
If you want to do extraordinary things for God, you need an extraordinary relationship with God.
Ok so the steel band done packed the Martinis in Ft Wash..real mature on a Sunday...
DUBZ UP MANE in school gaining info and writing dope music on the lo FLY OR DIE CAKE RESIDUE JOE SIG HOLLA AT ME PIMP
i'll just have to make a trip to sunny california!!
Thanks so much!
Great keeping track of c21symp from an ocean away.
You know on google chrome they have a theme with tht pic xD 3
I miss her...
Oh yeah I miss you too!
Lol..
how you been?
So what show or thing will take over for Friday nights for goldoctorsh thinkgolditsfriday fans?
Thanks.
We'll miss him too  Laura Diaz
The giant doctorp is a pretty safe ride to fart on.
LMFAO ;
z I'm out.
Congrats to our fav ladies for getting 's pick Best of Vegas showgirls!
yeah I am going to CWW!!!
650 CEOs nationwide were asked the best state for best business climate, taxes, quality of living, FL ranked 2!
CEOs  Come to Pasco!
Just when I thought Twitter was completely useless, somebody thought of alaleftbehind .
I almost snorted iced coffee out my nose.
Watching President Obama on 60 minutes discussing the Bin Laden operation, incredibly intelligent and analytical, 2nd term hopefully done!!.
The whale sounds in Boyfriend are really cracking me up!
XD
thank you :
Q3 use SoMe as your backchannel for traditional events.
I find the conversation continues and can sprout
Was wondering if you'd recognise me...
how have you been?
:
I'm back home.
Woo.
RT : Hell yeah nuggets let's do this dammit.
todAy the kid behind me was lik u got issues i said yeahmemy friend were likOHYEAH rly loud thn our teacher yelled.
YAHOKAYITS OURFAULT
; me  kristen talk.
she says its a bad idea.
I'm starting to confuse tumblr with real life.
I was reading an article for homework expecting a meme and couldn't find the punchline.
If u know people in the area who are into mountain biking, let us know!
We're looking to find the right people for this series
Watching jumping the broom Mike Is a foo!
in this economy people just aren't dying like they used to I guess
I'm feeling really young listening to these more senior scholars talking about texting, Facebook and parenting
The biggest bee is just chilling i my room and I don't know what to do im freaking out lol
is there anything you DO NOT hate!!!
A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
i have a feeling the shirts at the Rammstein concert are going to be a little more expensive.
hopefully not.
SUPERFANS IS MEAN .'' JUSTMYOPINION SO WHAT
Ah pretty much getting ready for tomorrow!
at home :/
so glad you enjoyed your evening!
Telling your wife that the doctorss shes wearing does make her look fat
So,3 of my friends are going to the TRAIN CONCERT  the Gulf Coast.I follow TRAIN on TWITTER
Put em my rearview mirror buddy got a date can't be late!!
Lol
make a difference.
Its official.
I went to my first Lincoln Day Dinner of the year last night thank you North Shore Republicans.
low level jobs are handed to illegal immigrants who are willing to get a flat pay of as little as 2 per hour, on average
Our childoctorn would be FIERY.
And weird.
And probably bullied in school.
Just downloaded free iSocialize app as a way of bringing my social media together.
So far, so good.
:
Anyone on here a fan of ZBB song, Colder Weather?
Yeah...levilowrey helped write that.
Just had Chinese food 3.3
.
AD made it a priority to take Butler to next level...and they did.
Others can do it.
Giveaway time!
Milwaukee Admirals game  Craig Morgan concert tonight!
Tweet us if you want the tickets!
Unpredictable but he predicted to be the greatest...
what's a matter brother, can't take the heat, whatcha gonna do
Mochipet 2/21: ATHENS, GA  NEW EARTH MUSIC HALL
Tuning in now the see social media history being made.
RT : The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
Ralph Nader

my fuckin knee hurts :/
Unbearable!
Did God create those or the devil?
At least they remind you that you're alive still.
LOL .
Your on twitter
Realized today that I didn't know where my cell phone was, ordered a new one shipped to NOLA.
Still a dumb phone, and I'm smarter than it!
true, some peoples idea of appropriate closes their audience to a narrow circle of like mindeds.
Were going to go on a bunch of rollercosters today !!!!
Wow
livin young and wild and free 3
tonight is a good night for a fire.
We all in here packed
absolutely!
I look forward to it.
I'm watching along with
I love the on Sundays!
Esp awesome in 4th inning.
We are launching 2 new products today: Customer Intelligence and Ask  Answer for Facebook via
Damn man it's raining  shit F U C K !
I'm here and having fun.
House is RIGHT ON LAKE ERIE.
I don't think so but we are going!!!
just won big time rush/cody simpson tickets by texting the radio station ONCE lololol
How can a country sign a bailout bill 4 a loan when they have to take austerity measures to payback a loan they can never repay when int up
might because I LOVE the band HIM, I listen to a ton of other Finnish bands and I'm just intrigued by the language/country lol
Power Equipment Direct Adds DeWalt Generators
Daddy's Lambo.
my last bottle of blackout stout!
:
Flaunting my sexy wife at work....Priceless ...lol
LOL  True.
But we can identify when its done incorrectly...
Up in NOHO.
Ridiculous How's there's 6 shops in 1 block.
how are things going back home?
Is everyone here in Indy watching Luck and Stanford?
He's the real deal  NO WAY The Colts can pass on him if They get the 1 overall pick!!
God gave me you.3
yyyeeessss lolololololololol and I found u
My mom be too happy when I make Deans List!
Calm down shorty!
lol
My son and I are actually 2 of the 250 to get tickets to the combine on Sunday.
appreciate the RT Douglas!
what secrets?
Are you referring to what Taylor said tonight
Had a great work out its been a while since I woke up early and just when jogging and worked out my mind is in peace : happy Friday
Welcome to twitter sister :
: You can't imagine the immensity of the fuck in which I do not give.
and, where are you going to be in a year from now??
THINK.
Where and what will you being doing??
YOU DON'T KNOW.
My cousin act like he got terrretss I swear !
Shits crazy .
This is the first time ive ever seen 'boy' doctorma ...
rene wrestled with me for 3 years ha
nah man have a competition satday.
When does that deal end??
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle.
A whole Titty trilogy The Man With No Titties, For A Few Titties More,  The Good, The Bad, and The Titties!
SNOOZE is an amazing breakfast eatery in Denver!
The absolute best.
Making films ain't easy!
Would much rather be sitting with Tyler right now
Some will some won't.
NYPD r u listening?
RT : Will the cops figure out 2 late they are protecting the wrong people?
WILL WE SEE YOU THERE?
ICSC Southeast Conference ICSC SEConf less than one week away!
Music, once admitted to the soul, becomes a sort of spirit, and never dies.
Edward George BulwerLytton
Changing My name for the Last time on here.
Thanks for the follow Mary Kay  and for all you do for kid's safety!
I have 2 of my own!
Note to self don't lean to far back In office chair...
Luckily I'm by myself in the office this morning
Great coverage today mate  Im ironing the shirt about to hit Meydan, watching your Valley wrap up.
Big night tonight
James Earl Jones just got an honorary Oscar!!!
And if you don't know who he is, he was the voice of my childhood: Mufasa and Darth Vader!
doctornk doctorving is quite possibly the stupidest thing in the world.
a car is a giant weapon.
remember that.
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS TEAM FOLLOW BACK INSTANT FOLLOW BACK TEAMAUTOFOLLOW 500ADAY TFB 100ADAY X1
Black Friday  National Day of Grading for most professor.
how long are you stickin around ?
We had a great weekend and are ready for some record sales this upcoming year.
You are just holding me back :/
the gsoc channel actually.
Getting feedback on an unsuccessful Google Summer of Code app.
I'll have to check out
Erick Aybar and Bobby Abreu did NOT look happy with each other just then.
Hell yes.Lesnar is back.this is to sweet.
Trying to understand is like straining through muddy water.
Be still and allow the mud to settle.
Lao Tzu
Yeah no, you're totally right about the ending; it made me teary.
I just wish it could go on forever.
hmm.
I only want Analytics for twitter, don't want all networks to be consistent...
It's been a good season Chicago.
Bruins...
you're my last hope....
Hope you're having a fruitful trip!
Bout time Jets!!!!
get outta here!!!
Wow what a bum you should join him in the  since he don't take showers have a squid fight under water
oh wait, i meant that im gonna BUY my merch today :D still excitedd tho .
dannah
Someone stick a fork in Rush Limbaugh, I do believe he's just about done...
Good morning !
Hey everybody!!
Oh, that's a good point.
Those electives in American universities have to be paid back in time costs.
skyping with is a fun time
Home stretch of my 21 day fast..6 days left.
we don't know yet.
Oreos, hot tea, my blanket, and my movie Cars....HYFR : 
Can u save gifs on an iPhone?
No problem in my life is my fault.
The government should take care of me so I can complain about how they do a bad job.
i AM the 99
Oh...now the internet works...gosh darn the old technology of Missouri..I don't even know anyone with an iPad..:P
thanks for the favorite!
getting ready for fancy penthouse cocktail party with the art types.
gotta love new york.
okay , im thinking about what to tweet ?
0.o
Just watched you dance and it made me cry  you are beautiful!
Good luck!
PracticeSquad The San Antonio Spurs because I love how Pop coaches and would love to learn a thing or two from Manu or Tony :
FCK YA FOLLOWERS COME FOLLOW ME!!!!!!
You're welcome!
Weekend was good.
Brandi's ear seems to be better!.
How are your fur babies doing?
Cut my finger pretty bad at work
challenge accepted
Target fixes everything.
Why don't you just doctorp dead?
I just really hate hoes .
Oh grrr.
I have PE..
Do I have to??
/: I'll do curly on Saturdayy?
both cheeks or one ?
I feel like they make them say those answers to look dumb.
I mean, no one is actually that stupid....right?
.........
we came as romans, the receiving end of sirens, the wonder years, and we'll probably end up at skrillex in the end lol
This is the day I made a twitter, since this day I have been trying to get noticed by and I wanna get noticed TODAY!
leggo 3
Creativity is contagious.
Pass it on.
Albert Einstein
That's good.
I'll keep my fingers crossed for you.
no confession needed i know im the truth n if u dont believe me try me ijs
ya pix got me stuck on damn omg :
It's Yoga time.
That makes me smile.
Failure is not falling down.
Failure is staying down.

Scorpios approach life with an allout passion
Unless you call out, who will open the door?
The more I think about it, I want the Browns to stay at 4 and take TR.
Dude is a stud a fills a need.
JB not top 5 talent.
it should be published sometime in the next two weeks.
We'll be sure to send to you!
Case Keenum with nine TD passes tonight!
Thinking of buying tickets to our friend's show and not going.
I can support people financially, but not emotionally right now.
Heading to DURHAM NC this evening for the NOVEL conference this weekend.
see you soon, , and everyone!
why you put that fave for but thank you, and idk maybe cus it been a minute
I knew it was your masterpiece!
I said to myself only Meg would mash 4am with quasar.
I want to!!
please tell me you've modified your flyin fish into a fetchin flyin fish
May God Bless You Today, May God Show You Favor For The Days To Come  Prayers From Bro.
I'm tired of struggling constantly.
All worry, no fun.
Think I may sell everything and become a pro housesitter!!
I'd write songs all day.
People will take advantage of you if you dont speak up.
more needs to be done to support AIDS orphans, through better access to education, health care, nutrition, and food, among other things.
Scratch that, I can't wait to get my hands on a SIGNED COPY of doctorft.
I'll be in line at the Los Angeles BN on 4/11 :
Oh, really?
Do you view the work you do as work or as a calling?
Curious!
Come on iggy!
Please make 1!!!!
I'm begging you!!!
An Earl of Sandwich will be added to the rest stop?
Well excuse me!
There is a major lack of communication here...
HA!!!
Do it.
If you were in town, you'd SO be coming to formal with us.
Alas, you're a hemisphere away.
:
I actually think it's going to be a rough campaign based on the rage in the discourse generally and during the primaries.
Blue Magic just came available for Halloween night, but won't last long.
Contact us now to lock in your reservation!
www.okcpartybus.com
you and should be ashamed
Haha same here
your head looks smaller in this picture
stronglyattractedto anybody with the mindset; getting my bread up so i can stop being fed up
UGH!
I have not gone to sleep yetup working on school stuff.
I should have gone to sleep hours ago.
Going to be rough in a few hours...
THATS A TRUE GHETTO ASS STORY DEDICATED formysweet16 LOVES KUSH ON A DAY LIKE TODAY PEACE OUT
Quick Tip: It's time to start planning for your Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Years promotions and events!
www.spheregs.com
Good potluck dish is a great ideafall perhaps!
hi my pretty prophyte...will you be at the pi nu celebration later this month?
: Ladies make us ur CustomCloset Shop with us!!!!
Every night we look up to the stars and make the same old wish as the cars pass us by.
We had our account hacked over the weekend.
That message is not from us.
Well, you better try my first idea then...lol...I hear you bro!
it's the same thing every year with that division no one is really that impressive at all
If only I lived in the UK, then I would be able to watch BGT :/
Built a BBQ deck and created a guard to protect the garden from the dogs!
And saw the family.
Getting things done!!
If you are like most of us, youre getting tired of thinking about the latest downturn in the U.S.
economy, and its impact on your business.
For any civilization to crumble, it takes only one generation to lose touch, Only one generation that loses Character.
Thank goodness your back:/
3 things: 1.
I know u have the best hand.
2.
I know they hve similar cards..
3.
I know cowboy folds.
He folds AK, kid A9.
61 fav.
Out!
Happy Mothera Day To All The Mothers Day, And Remember Moms Just Because Its Mothers Day It Doesnt Mean Treat Us Like Slaves lol
I'm about to go brave this EXTRA WINDY Chitown air for some food.
My relationship with food is getting serious.
Pray I don't blow away!
CSR Opens New Automotive Systems Development and Applications Centre in Ingolstadt, Germany
haha fine I'll dye my hair red 
Project Pure Soccer Clinic tonight and every other Friday  6PM.
Open to everyone.
Register your child at www.puresportsgroup.com
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.
Brian Tracy
When does my pool open?
Its hot today!!
you can be my boyfriend if I can be your cover girl.
See what I did there ?
; haha.
Look around, pay attention...
You could be the miracle someone has been praying for.
adore your daughter, btw!
We're writer friends.
We're hoping for more sunny days like today this coming summer, that's for sure!
RT : Man I miss that view from Alki!
If the Brewers sweep...is it all over but the shouting?
Blowing my nose every 3seconds is really getting annoying :
I shake my fist at you, team Finland.
we agree.
are you all set now?
if not, let us know  we can get you signed up asap
haha yes i am ;
desperate for a getaway
Joanne retired today.
It was pretty much the saddest day ever.
Just awesome.
I've been on a Bryson kick for a few months.
:
I take my wife everywhere I go.
She always finds her way back.
Henny Youngman
Paul Bearer scared me more than the Undertaker as a child and still to this day, Paul Bearer makes me feel uncomfortable.
Happy 99 Of You Are Sluts Day.
I hate losing almost an entire day to technical difficulties....
The earliest known legal text was written by Ur Nammu in 2100 B
According to a alert sent out 10 minutes ago, there is an escaped prisoner in the area of the Hilton Hotel and west of 34th St.
omg i am craving a frosty
ohh...
my dad liked you...
They knew about you.
Join the staff from the St.
Joseph County Parks Dept.
for Animal Detectives at the Western Branch on April 10th at 3:30pm.
Fun for all ages!
IN WHAT FANTASY LAND IS THIS CONVERSATION HAPPENING ON TWITTER?
Hahaha, you guys...
This rain is making me sleepy!
but definitly is nice.
Everything is Myeshia and nothing hurts
Do you service Watertown or Waupun?
If you do go to listyourshop.com and become a member and I will get you these leads
I don't understand people sometimes.
Okay, a lot of times.
I think they all hate me.
Great to meet the folks at today!
Anyone looking for a new apt...check 'em out!
My copy editor is in love, in love I say, with italics.
Go figure.
Morning Internet World!!
Alot of great things to come this year!!
God is truly blessing.
Got alot of dates coming up between Feb and March.
goodluck with that your team always seems to think its gonna lose
SF organizations,need interns for the summer?
Japanese Comm.
Youth Council is placing 800 youth this summer!
Questions?
The semester is over at last.
Now it is the time to write desperately.
Get out there and be someone!
Website Design Company LinkNow Media Surpasses 3,000 Active Clients
RT : Don't forget!
Huge yard sale in New Haven!
PEI 104 today!!
Roberto Luongo is in, 33 score.
He's given up 10 goals in the last 2 games.
LUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
It's true, it's a heck of a lot true
I seen yo butt on 87th the other day !
haha!
Hey, wanna add a pic and use your new 'brand', Pancakes and Postcards, instead of your full name?
Daylong board retreat for Art Sanctuary felt great.
Nothing like Art Sanct in whole country.
Black art celebrated, practiced, lived.

Micheal:Why me?
Mia:Because you saw me when I was invisible.
3
i have some new followers whom I cannot follow until i get 125 more followers.
thank you  blessings JMA
Thanks for the follow and Check out for trend forecasting and industry news
Happy Easter to all.
Starting my day with a nice long walk with then grill time.
My fave song ever!!
forever Young by Rod Stewart!
Rod is THE Man!!!!
We salute and say good bye to an opera pioneer...Camilla Williams who died of cancer.
Pray for her family and loved ones!
That is TERRIFYING
I see everything.
that is a difficult time frame.
Most landlords want a year commitment or much more in rent.
I will see.
Was a great event  always creative and fun too.
Glad it is getting visible to the community too.
Thanks.
This game is gonna lull Me to sleep Badgers sloppy
Lyric: Hey I heard you were a wild one.
Meaning: Hey I heard you're a freak in bed.
Wanna fuck?
Would you bring me Sonic Ice when I'm sick??
lol....love it...on a mission to find my own sonic ice machine...lol...
:
The fact that this is our last weekend of spring break depresses me.
WA distillery industry faces challenges as the state winds down its liquor business with whether grocery chains will carry boutique spirits
I agree with you chad.
They did a nice job on it
The ER nurses are the rudest ever.
Don't know who handles their PR but personnel wld be a great place to start!
So great catching up with you yesterday...
Still need 14 ...
when I get a strong craving to hear the truth, I ask the stupidest question I can think of
i dont think so
Thanks for following!
Looking forward to learning some interesting tips from your tweets!
Ide rather a female speak her mind den b fake
My candle burns at both its ends; It will not last the night; But oh, my foes, and oh, my friends  It gives a lovely light
The Shuffled Hustle II by title release June 1, 2012.
I've been giving you good pub for years, and all I got was a sweet BigTen tourney shirt!
Golf this summer is a must
So, the Little Goose woke me up not by saying 'Good morning'...
She asked, Mommy, can you doctorw the UnitedStatesOfAmerica for me?
Umm...
lol I had 2 look at that again and saw those weren't the lyrics
At work, debating what size net you need to catch a gnome.
We're talking an office gnome, eats prints and lunches and such.
Ideas?
Once again im very happy to announce that i am the newest member of Big things ahead with Robbin and Bianca!
oh wow!
I would just smile and wave XD
Thanks to Liberal Think Tank  ur guy n ugly hatYou made Mitt look AWESOME!
He's got MORE support now!
That Stunt Backfiredu think?
More like Gino's beast.
So good
thanks so much!
So excited!
If you like trains, I was just in the coolest train place ever.
Great!
What are some ways you do that?
Then She Asks The Same Questions Over And Over Again.
Quick bite to eat before the show starts .
too cool, thanks for sharing.
Communicating flis outside of LIS.
Step 3  Identify your in/external communities and systems of org., design, access, power.
That would be interesting as hell though.
No, graphically I expected more from all of the previews.
What's with the doctorb colors?
Alban Gerhardt performs 2 Bach Cello Suites  artist Carri Jobe shows new works.
Noon today  General Theological Seminary 440 W.
21st St.
I think some people just wouldn't know what to do with themselves if they weren't complaining
Lmao this girl almost killed that boy after he snatched that cap!
I saw it watching the live show.
Was it cut out for the west coast?
OG doctorid which I haven't used in a month.
Anyone else just see the girl that gave him a kiss on the cheek?
lol
yes I'm here lol I'm on duty all night lol
Just got home from the orchard, enjoying some fresh cider and some Sunday afternoon football!!
thanks for retweeting us, all!
You are trapped alright.
.
You better come out in a few weeks when im visiting MD.
If you finish this month strong, you end 1st quarter of 2012 strong.
Do whatever it takes now to be in a position to do what you want later
Obstacles don't have to stop you.
If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up.
Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work
Lets get that road win Hogs and beat lswho today WPS!!
Go Hard 4 Christ!
Delonte West is a creep
Staal and Ricards let Chimera skate right into the slot....
So I just figured out Coles a bench warmer and Caden likes typing in Caps??
Haha
WOW.
Super surprise tonight.
brewer's night's special guest: the infamous failed batch of BB XXII.
ZANG!
Weirdest fucking doctorams last night.
I was having sex with trannys in a tranny brothel that was so seedy it scared the shit out of me.
Wtf I hate traffic
will do you proud on the PP...
DJ ChadGadYo.
send me a link?
Im pretty sure its happened before
And you know this RT : Yessir!
Bout to pick up this W in SA
I know...I feel like a traitor.
Started doctornking yerba mate which is about 1/3 the caffeine of coffee so I'm still getting my fix.
Its pretty cold lol
RT : LOL!
icant RT : my poor 3GS I'm scared that update is going to blow up my phone!
sorry i was confused i just remembered that u said u weren't coming!
My bad!
oh lord!
Shoutout to for saying my aunt's cake was good, even though I know she was just breathing the air.
haha that is awesome!
Really gets the point across.
Thanks for the 4/3 follow friday goodness.
Will get you back this week...
when you're involved in doctorma from people you don't even know
No problem, when you do good works it needs to be supported.
Hope all my folk is good after this afternoons plane crash.
Um...
is following me?
o.O I'm gay, despise Gov.
Bentley, and am completely against Alabama's new immigration law.
I don't know where I see myself in the next 710 years
Teamfollowback follow They will give you a shout out
hey yall check out dem premires and concerts comin up
Yaaaaay!
Welcome back!
I only listened b/c I keep being made to wonder if I've missed something!
Lolher look is even less interesting to me.
haha so you found your ipod?
: I'm not going to school today :/
i'm cold :s i'm freezing lol
Boy shorts and wife beaters  
You're right.
It's way early.
But...
I'm skeptical.
edtech edchat Great collaboration idea for class discussion
I used to hate walking...
now I love it.
Aww YW !
I'll keep up on ya, you'll do great....don't put too much pressure on yourself, that helps !
Emmi :
Watching New Girl with Viggle Tue  8PM  FOX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Need a bench n my room
good to know you are not superhuman:p I thought this was a new goal at first.
And thanks for anniversary mention
How many  per user are all those millions of new FB users in India, Bangladesh, Malaysia, Columbia, Croatia, etc?
much  1.17
and I will DESTRROYYYYY you!!!
Awesome!
Looking forward to the Jingle Bell Run : Thanks for sharing!
smells like middle age spirit just doesn't resonate as well.
BOYFRIENdoctorview I think BOYFRIEND is one of the best songs has ever made : proudbelieber 23
Homework and Talking to this kid in between :3 had a great day.
but i know tomorrow will suck/:
yeah you're havin' a blast
but ain't it clean doe!
I corrected meself I apologized but i'm done with the haters here
ive been here there, everywhere
I really dislike being someone's nearly last priority, especially when I'm nothing but good to your dumb ass.
The kings are gonna be in trouble next season or so.
Lotta players who's stock rose a TON this season an can make big  somewhere else.
he be doing some sneaky stuff lol .
omg followed me!
4/10/1789 Crvecoeur:...I can declare that no prospects however flattering could induce me to quit the private walks of life
Happy Birthday Luv....Be sure to enjoy your day babe!!!!!
Why thank you!
I certainly miss the old team, all the amazing tangents we chased and the movies we ranked!
why didn't you tell me, you know I'm poor.lol
Hope Kurt is on his best behavior.
my coworker apparently decided to bathe in perfume this morning  i'm going to puke soon!
Hey I just tweeted you and this is crazy but here's my twitter so follow me maybe??:
Aristotle and Hippias say that gave unliving things a share of soul, conjecturing this on the grounds of the magnet and amber DKA1
so you are a Taurus
RT NYU Holds Networked NY: A Conference For People Who Like NYC, Blogs, Wine And Cheese
I don't get you at all
Long Council meeting, just about over.
Finally.
Good Morning!
It's time to take today by storm.
Boom.
can you blame Lebron with a view like that in the middle of January?
Bet Lake Erie looks just a tad bit different.
noppe, never been.
might study abroad there during college!
Are we going to make it to 2012 or is Obama going to destroy the USA before he gets out of office hes doing hes best to.
Welcome to our Twitter feed to have you aboard!
Trapped inside with all the snow outside.
hhahahaha Im mad bored and tired but i cant fall asleep
Its a deal.
Ima Ask Mi Uncle If He Ever Come Back To The House
you as well
neveragain will I shop at deb, but it's for the sake of looking like an idiot at groove boston soo

Praise Gd, All day everyday, AMEN Baby!!
I was giving you a compliment on your ability to master three languages.
I know one.
I swear it wasn't me.
I was the guy standing there with his coffee cup, mouthing really?
Check out Robert Lang's work!
Origami will never be the same.
i live 2 hours from your hometown in Stratford, i hope you know to stay true to your roots and faith and remember we love you!
Many swim in the sea, though you are all I see.
FF 'Cause he just wrote that thing I retweeted that was hysterical.
Upcoming show: Friday, May 25th in Mineral Point, WI.
At Beezy's 9pm.
Arrived at 24 Hour Fitness on the 23rd hour of the day and 5 hours later I'm showing no signs of stopping
Kidnapped Woman's Text Messages Led Police To Her Rescue  Hartford Courant
They say to keep your friends close and your enemies closer but the problem nowadays is you can't tell them apart
Almost there!
So, if I wanted to incorporate a digital humanities element into an 18c lit course, what could I do?
WARNING: ABOUT TO CATCH
I actually got the gallons in a barrel question right.
Missed the hops and miles from brewery questions ...
spring.
.
.sprang.
.
.sprung!!
If I'm Sean Payton or Joe Vitt, I go on Gmail and take our chat log off the record...
we create custom designs for our clients.
they buy printed apparel directly from us
About 15 kinds of breads are offered each day at Firehook Bakery to satisfy everyone's craving!!
Sri waiting on the tweet where i said kobe passes A lot
Sounds like a breath issue.
Either way, ick.
TMI.

Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
The whole Trending Topics thing...useless!
WHAT IS THE POINT OF TWITTER??
TELL ME?
AdsScam, CelebsWhatever!
Don't let the death of one man...
be the element that causes you to put your guard down.
Let's get going for the day.
Great campout this past weekend.
I've got my SEC tourney tixs,  traffic gets back to normal
Fantasy Friday Coming Soon!
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Snow white and the seven titties.
goodnight twitter friends love you guyz
where at bro?
followed you back!
thanks for following me!
We train loud blunts all day
Just got to agree that raccoons make better pets than snakes and that we watched The Sure Thing together.
VICTORY IS MINE!
lol jealousy is gonna kill the world
told you lol
Setting up at Nassau Street Sampler Starts at 5pm.
Personal trainer meets How I Met Your Blogger ...getting over the hump one crunch at a time.
Great post.
Read it or veg.
Yeah man, great exposure to bad publicity.
Just filled up my tank.
Someone help me with an appropriate curse word.
!!!
tide by 10
My favorite thing about diablo3 is that you can play the game with one hand and watch movies with the other.
How the heck does Wisconsin not get off a better shot than that???
what is the official term for how the eye moves?
No, I was on Fury with her last year too.
Downtown gas leak NOT affecting entire IX bldg: just Play On Theatre evacuated because of high levels of carbon monoxide  source not known
it's their relationship, not yours.
you are just angry that is going with the tiny hands ad and not the King anymore
off to take a tour of the bartending school.
Happy hour 57 MF
Do you guys think the new Total Recall remake will have a prostitute with three boobies in it?
wow, they're really cleaning up the twitter streets these days.
Thank you!
Walking around shooting video of young pros.
Main issues coming up: better and innovative jobs, more vibrant downtown.
Got a concern?
Share.
I really want some pizza with ranch
u welcome boo!
I just can't eat, just can't sleep,can't do much of anything at all,'cause I'm sick and in love with you Dear.
When u doctorve a SUV and are on vaca and go for economy  remember the car sits lower than you expect  going full force into the roof hurts
then everything i've ever done has been a failure...
Is NBC really spending at least 1/3 of tonights 11 pm news broadcast on The Voice winner?
Do It All  Tyga
11 am outside of Macys, 40 men waiting to get inside.
Happy Valentines Day?

does that mean the rest of his books will come out in ebook soon?
Inc.
the biographies and short stories?
I doctorw number 7 today.
Hurry up rain delay.
I was just up there that place is full of ugly ass ppl and shitty food lol
Tomorrow  filming first stunts for Monongahela !
So psyched!
Tracking a break from grading narrative papers to write some narrative of my own.
yayyy!!
Love you too : come see me soon!
somebody in pasadena called me this morning wtf
Later u guyses
Love seeing client growth!
One person from an IT mfg client found 80K in new revenue during the last Leadership Training for Managers!
good work!
I'm just as nervous as a long tailed cat in a room full of rocking chairs
Wayne's World!!!
ComedyCentral !
..great....r you singing at fcbc tonight?
yep spurs vs Indiana that's what's its gonna be
You have got to be effing kidding me.
Just shattered my phone screen.
Again.
Attending Bboogle: Bringing Blackboard and Google Apps Together for Collaborative Learning.
What a day, what a day!
Hi libchat I'm Tiffany.
In SC.
Thanks Sarah!!
RT : I've been to a few times now and I love it!
cc:
From 'One' to 'So Listen' you've came so far.
3 I LOVE YOU.
A man that hath friends must show himself friendly: and there is a friend that sticketh closer than a brother.
Proverb 18:24.
Thank you for the info!
I believe what i have been shown!I see what others cannot.Liked the message
Some ppl talk about going back to a matriarchy that that would solve our problems.
Back in the Ville
May you stand alone with God and open your eyes to eternity.
Liz Budd Ellmann
on everything!
Where did you see that?
I don't see anything about that on the CTA's NATO website.
Should have watched the Oscars.
I thought I be a good student and work on homework instead, but this work has just been crawling.
Angelina Jolie is way to thin!
lol that bad?
very true!!!
Bryce Harper plays 4 games and we are anointing him a Hall of Famer.
I love new media.
Kids good, but simmer down.
Hahah im actually...
surprised you use Pirate Bay :L
In the words of you can't win too many games when you only score 1 goal
crashing.
Goodnight Twitter bugs ;
So, if you picked Duffy as Pitcher of the Year.
You obviously picked Hosmer as Player of the Year.
played against Jenkins  Bentley while they were  Pahokee in HS.
That section of highlight film was short
she says u guys are in love havahhahahahahah
Do you think it would be ok to take 5year old vicodin?
Just found the bottle in a candle holder.
Blew the dust off  checked the date.
hm
also lenny Moore
Yup just got peed on Lucy!
Lol
Nice piece on BigData in CIO.
Any chance you're available for a prebrief by ?
DM
Have set my DVR to record Timbers at 30 as a series.
Father and son must watch weekly!
Lol I Think School Been Started Bro.!
kick life in the balls and doctornk booze...its friday
Starbucks to open on Disney properties
Who wants to win an iPAD was great fun, now I gotta get one for my wife!
Or you can just be a fucking douche...
That's cool too.
you bitch
its okay!
So not ready for prom!
Can I have another week please?!
When are you doctorpping your first video man??
V.O.
session for Nat's Lose Lose with William Tabanou  Tab Sound Design today.
Thanks Tabby!!!
:
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
you looked different last week.
Haircut?
More tan?
goodmorning miss panda!!
; aha
We should all start to live before we get too old.
Fear is stupid.
So are regrets.
Marilyn Monroe
haha that's an understatement.
I was front row too which made it even more insane.
The speed of his hands were incredible
Hammond and Kohl excited about Scott skiles coming back as Bucks coach.
Even though not satisfied with results of season
thx!
i still have to fix that / added a mongo php doctorver to doctoramhost and it gave all my sites a bad php.ini file.
oops.
Good to see you as well!
Have a good one.
RT : One dude who knows his basketball is Good to see you today, man!
Figured out not only how to get to the classroom in Academic Center, but actually leave the building the same way I came in!
Had lunch at the new Madison It just opened today, very good.
Anywhere w/ free soft serve gets 2 thumbs up in my book!
Merry Christmas to All!
I really love to make movies.
Sean Penn
Hey, I think you've been hacked.
Or else a lot of people are saying bad things about me.
Lol.
I keep my shit together, not a screw lose
Yes he does but with a tank twist.
His voice grabs u like Tanks does.
RT : remind me of a modern day Musiq soulchild
So....
whos winning?
what u talkmN bout
2012 Goal 5: Finish as close to my cousin, riding his ostentatious Cervelo, as possible in the DC Tri .
Thanks for sharing my blog!
This I know Mark.
Keep up the good work!
RT : Dinner at Stanton Social tonight is gonna be slammed.
Yes
dave is a beast!
Let's go Bama!!!
Jeff George on Fox12 looks like he has the bird flu.
Poor guy needs some sleep!
nice tweet.
Much appreciated!
Watching Psych with my lady!
Love this freakin show!
EROCK
apple just bought some company to make it easier to find apps on store
I know you have almost 11millionfollowers but i'm sure Someday you will follow me.
Maybe today  .
The voter ID law does not prevent illegals or those voting in multiple places it disenfranchises students and minorities.
Loading images from Cure by Design show.
Poor lighting plus no photopit means it was run and gun shooting.
6fps means lots to look at
I'm sorry, those might be tears of laughter.
I amazes me that you can have two things and name them different and one sells for thousands and one for a few bucks.
Precincts beginning to report...
Quiz: how many precincts in the great state of Wis.?
Answer: 3755
thanks for the mention.
Good news, i just got my dick pix back and they look great!
Ill be posting them soon.
And the gay guy gets the girl haha
I have too many people in my phone with the bar I met them at as a last name.
I feel so blessed for the experience  wonderful ladies I met Saturday!!
Thank you ladies of the Columbus NCNW for hosting a Baby Shower.
haha what are you up to?
i know i have to kill this commercial for class...cause that last gade....was a m'f....i wasnt used to that..
Do you find it difficult to organize all of the info related to planning your familyreunion?
Why?
We want to hear your thoughts!
going off on James about late game choking
You certainly were quiet when 20 libs, including my other account, were banned on the same day.
Isn't the game tomorrow night?
Wish it was tonight.
I have no cupcakes in my fridge and find it to be equally absurd.
So exciting things coming including a pickup boot camp in Bolivia!
Hottest clubs, models, SUVs, and ridic living quarters!
The Giants win YES!!!
Big Blue!!!!
ispi2011 what chat n chew sessions interest you the most?
Look at my face, does it look like I care?
Well by looking at your face, God didn't care either
..Good I hate AROD and those damn yanees...
Does anyone have mario party for nintendo 64 that i can borrow or where i can get it?
Todays the last day of starbucks happy hour :
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
thats real
Charles  Baltimore 112 then 36th in Hamden at the SPCA for the first Food Truck Gathering of the year 58
Yes and love it too.
I highly recommend 11/22/63.
One of Stephen's best.
Duck derby today!
Go 0805!!
my family actually originated from AlsaceLorraine, back when it was a part of Germany
Any histmed article recs on theories of poison and disease in 17th c.?
Esp.
interested in African poisons in Euro.
discourse.
A movie camera is like having someone you have a crush on watching you from afar...
you pretend it's not there.TOM STOPPARD
Me too!
Which Avenger member are you excited to see?
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
Jim Carrey
you're so nice editing me out xD
I am glad tomorrow is Friday.
It has been a long 4 day work week.
NP Diamond District  
GO RANGERS!!!
I just realized that I will miss game 1 of Pacers/ Miami series due to graduation ceremonies.
Not to happy about it either.
what is the best way to get a child started in print work?He really loves the camera and it seems to love him also:
take this thing from ground up
I was thinking 2.9mill.
But we'll see.
And yeah we are lol
u said u didn't like him
Thoughts and prayers to Junior's family.
What a terrible loss..
I hope they can come to terms with this senseless tragedy.
Who is this, anyway?
And professorssionally, if I ever fear for my job, that's when I find a new one.
How did cows feel when the branding iron was invented?
They were very impressed!
I had no clue I was nominated for most prominent leader lol thas entertaining.
Pacers Can't Close out Games For Shit
Some people don't have the guts for distance running.
The polite term for them is sprinters.
XcNation via
I'd love for the Patriots to be out of this don't get me wrong!!!
But Tebow effing SUCKS The defense the kicker...
give someone else credit.
Don't miss your next season by chasing after what was meant for you last season!
Congress: Support legislation that funds afterschool programs.
Dont let kids and parents down!
Sister Janet
Last party of the school year :
I dont know, I've seen Tebow miss some pretty bad.
;
I'm still sleepy!
Hey you're the only friend I have that understands my guy problems..
I hope you know.
I love you, I've got some stuff to tell ya
The guy on Swamp People's name is Cleetus!!!!!!
LMBO!!!
My heart is with one but my trust is fucked up.
Bad combination.
:/
do u have any interracial Scenes cause I never seen you in onenone lol
Going to the family bbq will need  for therapy afterwards!
Great session today at KySTE2012 on Evernote!
I already am using, but learned many new features to enhance!
Loved it!
Thanks man!
Those are some crazy looking guitars.
The Minarik folks always treat me very well.
Who is following 's countdown of the 59 wines in the Complexity portfolio?
What if your already following her?
damn lucky ass
Featuring Jeremy from win there cd  a McDonalds Shamisterck shake listen now on
Huh, who knew 3 members of the Decemberist would be playing
This day has gone by too slow...
timeforbed 
Look Good Get A Haircut Whit us Call The Shave Barbershop 305.866.1940 Thank you !
Cats rock
link me.
About to run to it
Janet...........You asked me to tweet you hard so here i go...
Get ready TWEETING HARD!
lol ure right nxt to me.
thank you!
3
Judge a man by the reputation of his enemies.
OK Dumb question What is that?

i'll NEVER let a ngga get that close to me.
you ain't cracked up to what you was SUPPOSED TO BE!!
AustinComeToChile ChileIsWaitingForYouAustin we want u here
Stephen Brown is on Twitter.
You know what to do...
WHAT ABOUT FIREFLY?!?
1st, I'm lovin the pic, you are truly beautiful!
2nd how you doing big sis; I'm great, working over 48 hours a week
: What you doing up this early my love
Ur the stroy i dont want to tell people.
WhenAustin sells 60 tickets for his concert in 10 minutes and you can't help but feel so proud of how far he's come.
:
Another last civil war lecture.
Another confederate nation defeat
Going on with  shortly.
We might talk baseball.
Or maybe the finer works of Roy Lichtenstein.
Sirius/XM 165
why do i feel i'm breaking apart?
/3
Monday Night Football and the Miami Heat....
Kicking it
haha that was my attempt at internet sarcasm.
I promise it won't happen again...
Finally a new icon ;
It is well deserved!!!
Sending good vibes your way.
If you get stressed during the holidays, always remember that STRESSED is DESSERTS spelled backwards!
Thanks for the RTs, guys!
Our partner Hotels include Springhill Suites, Courtyard Marriott, Fairfield Inn, Sheraton City Centre, Conrad  Hilton Gardens.
Well, I know everyone will hate me for saying this, but I think the book Thornton is creepy.
Obsessed :D
aam2011 checked in, talk uploaded, forms signed.
Orphan Works talk just 4 hours away.
BostonSportsReport: Flash flood in north Afghanistan kills at least 27
lol I won't talk too much shit bc in sure your salty right now : haha
Thanks for the follow guys!
What a great Idea!!!
I can't believe I have never heard of this before.
I'm 5' 8 so you know...
I DON'T WANT TO DECIDE
This girl has a bug in her hair.
Part of me wants to tell her because her reaction would be funny..
Not as funny as her finding it herself.
you're so welcome thanks for all YOU do!
you did leave us for DETROIT!
H.W.
Jr was wrong on the analogy of Obama to Hitler.
Obama won against Netanyahu in golf.
The Jews clearly made out better than hitler.
id like to come wish you a sweet 16..;
It will be interesting to see how it plays out!
Still not convinced the balcony is a great place to see a show there.
Best day eva suckasssss!!!!!
Except for that stupid test...
RT RT Bar Louie is offering a complimentary shuttle to Summerfest each ThursSun...
stop down after 3pm for a ride!
The popularity of Downton Abbey should make execs realize that acting, characters, and writing trump high concept any day.
But it won't.
BULLE
Not a good sign for the GOP...more to follow?
hey sorry.
i've had a shaved head and i was shit on by people for it.
it's none of my business what you tweet though.
sorry.
would love to xoxo
If Rosario continues to hit, is he going to be a regular sooner rather than later?
so.
awesome.
FL tomorrow....I don't feel like flying tho.
Who has two thumbs and gets a fiveday weekend soon?
This guy!
I'm moving to Seattle the weekend to reunite with my wifey!
Yay!
God im that girl
This chick over here stacking crip..
lol she's good at it!!
you'd think Ruby Jane would keep him busy.
So far best weekend ever with my boo except of course when I met him 3
Only white pplz come out with shows like this!
Niggas ain't going for ish they can't see...
No way did u see that
Sarunas Marciulonis HOF induction during halftime will be riveting
awe thank you so much!
You're to kind!
LetsGoPens :
Portland Pilots Women's Soccer winning it Team USA style with a doctormatic late winner!
Penn State on Sunday!
BRING IT!
GO PILOTS!!!
I wish I could teleport!
RT : Boston: Come get your tacos CityHallPlaza!
We will be here from 115:30p.
wiprimary It's election day in Wisconsin.
I voted.
Have you?
Watching scream 4...
Good for them.
I need to see what I can learn about what students here can see.
yup yup
ThingsINeverUnderstood  wanted to talk to her about a year ago now she comes around ?
Dangerous.
Scandalous.
Getting the questions YOU want answered.
'Round the Bases debuts on March 15 at 10pm CT
thanks for the RT
Russell Westbrook Got The Crowd Hyped
3 RT : When I see an adult on a bicycle, I do not despair for the future of the human race.
H.G.
Wells
Thanks for NAIOP Tweet on Public Private Partnership presentation!
Ben Aflack just jumped into my blunt so my swisher SCREAMING spaceship shit!!!
Supa loud
Cheap doctorg  Savings up to 65  Rite Aid  CIALIS 
Were looking for Rochester NY Attorneys to follow us.
Nothing stressful about it.
Just takes attention.
QUESTION ..
does eating a girl out really make ya FACIAL HAIR grow lol ?!
Really need a new job
I'm captainvated by you, baby, like a firework show.
doctorp everything now, Meet me in the pouring rain ;
What's up Ma!!
Tired of working on the same franchise year after year?
Let VonChurch help you find an exciting team to join!
wait...
Are you the one wearing the go radio shirt??
Cause I'm the one in the red awkwardly staring at you...
im crying omg i should be there...
that should be me.
I assume when Mitt Romney favors punting policy decisions to states, you'll also criticize him?
Just asking: Are the jarheads on IOC who dissed Chicago for 2016 Olympic bid the same guys who picked Qatar for 2022 FIFA World Cup?!
Your wireless is a bit flaky over here at Ancora.
Can you look into that?
kthx
Hoopin at the church was decent as hell man..I hadnt seen all my ppl in a long time...
actually can shoot now
yes indeed!
Can't wait lol!!
HELL YEEAAAAAAA life is forreal like amazing right now
I'm just thatt good
A little disappointed at how TeamAdam worked out...Can't believe didn't get through...
go you
Efficient processing can be achieved by going around the curators.
Sounds a little fascist to me.
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.
John F.
Kennedy
SomeWhereOutThere a dude is about to fight over a chick who hates him.
Hey, I was wondering if you'd like to write for GamerAdvice.
I liked your writing, so I'd thought I'd give you a mention.
i dont think its jenna, but she probably know who A is......
i think its melissa
Few statements make me happier.
From Patriots press release: the 2012 schedule includes 9 1:00 p.m.
games, including 4 at home Yeah!
Pumped that you will be in the New Tiger Woods 2013..
Your very welcome soldier mami!
Stay safe!
XOXO
A 1800 number was like today's URL Jay Walker
lg and I are getting on the road in about 30 min.
With a quick stop to doctorp off puppy :
Uh who the hell is on 1010 rt now?
Stop with the snow already!
We get it.
It's winter.
It snows!
how you know?
.
did you sign up?
No so don't talk if you don't know.
hey who won d cruise!
I am waiting 4 ur call!
Lol
Sounds like it's almost fully formed!
Join us and  the color QUEEN  at Color A Cause to benefit on April 19 at 7:30
on our way in with green smoothies  yoga mats.
YUM.
DontWifeThatChickIf she cant handle anal
Prom tomorrow cuhhhhh!!
Graduation MAY 17th :
When you're at olive garden and you see everyone playing doctorw Something
follow me back please.....
: GOTTA GET THAT BOOM BOOM POW!!!
what the fuck?
Can't get that song outta my head
heh.
Welcome to the fold.
Oh no!
BF3 disc got effed up as well?
I'd report these to MS.
OK I got ya back on the follow, PEACE
Tired, sick, and cold.
Great story!
Thanks for sharing!
did u like it??
Bae need to wash my car..he trippn
When asked What would you bring with you to a deserted island, how come no one ever replies, A boat.?
The medium is the message.
Marshall McLuhan What do you think?
Was he right?
Sounds good!
Exciting.
Where is this at?
RT : For the motion: Buzz Bissinger / Malcolm Gladwell Against: Tim Green / Jason Whitlock
apply anyway.
Some of those qualifications are just wishlists.
Hello LA!!!
YAY !
We got our food from Iams Bage for Bowls program!
Haha pooping so big I can't feel my legs.
You know this thing in my pants would make it hurt good ; : It's love, it's love, it's love, make it hurt.
dafuq!
Tea doesn't keep you hydoctorted.
Check out my health and fitness blog at www.carolinescottmagicpill.com  www.facebook.com/MagicPill!
Recipes, workouts, tips  motivation!
It will be my first IBS too.
See you there!
yes  because of algebra!
i know i know lol id be frustrated too : shoulden't have been Busy
Hahahaha very nice my friend, very nice
Private Coaching in LA.
Online sessions available for students around the world!
Call 6206951 for an intro session!
I'll never forget the tears you cried for me.
Noelle!!
thanks for the shout out!
How are youu??
Winner of the iowadebate: Fred Thompson.
Hilarious; sad.
WinstonSalem public safety committee agrees to allow outdoor doctornking and dining at downtown restaurants.
Thanks!
Love your name and description
About to check out the hunger games.
BAZINGA still awake.
Last final in an hour an a half.
Then getting my nails done hair done everything did.
Wow.
RT : Broncos PR had to eject couple of Cincy press from post game locker roomasked for Tebow autographs on passes!
I loved playing as a Dark Elf mage, but I just started an Argonian assassin and he's brutal.
Just clear your calendar ;
Had an amazing chocolate malt at the 99 yearold soda fountain at Fairley's Pharmacy in Portland, OR today!
Highly recommended.
:
RT : aw, that's really sweet!!!
; I have 3 kitties.//I have 3...on the couch with me.
There are more!!!
Who cares what Jamal Bryant thinks?
wait.
Are we dating?
Are we about to make out?
Hi Dennis, glad you and the mister.
liked it.
Hope you signed on.
Do you have a site or a blog I can support?
Happy 2 do it.
Twisting Sunday at Steven's Birthday Party in Lynn, Ma.
from 12 Pm.
It is going to be a lot of fun!
TLCedu Thanks for following...
So skate depot tonight with my lil cousin  it's ratchet up there but it's okay everybody gets ratchet every once in awhile lmao
We have many vegetarian options, such as the Eggplant A' La Vicky.
Try this healthy and seasonal dish today!
delicious food
Nw Bait car
thanks for the
i hope so but they in trouble shooting horrible from outside and thats real issue,
hey!!
I'm great how are you?!??
Hello Moto.
I mean Coffee.
Couldn't get Bella's crate to close because of how she has her pillow which means that she'll be in my room at some point
Congrats!
What a great opportunity!
Happy birthday!!:
RT  If the Jacksonville Jaguars are called the Jags and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are called the Bucs what are th...
thanks so much man.
you just missed MJ ride by but I've got coachella ride in a couple weeks and then a couple more in the works!
a new stadium bill for the passes the House and Means committee.
What's next?
Listen at 5 to
is eating lunch at Chipotle with what seems like Colorado's entire work force.
cara students Mark B., Lee G., Rodney B.,  Arthur V.
secured positions at OBI Deconstruction!
72, 73,74,  75 of 310!!!
you are!
A taste: There comes a time when final words are necessary...
Charlie's Highlight of the Day: Davis/Baddeley Casting playing North by Northwest in the lobby whataudition?
teamhitchcock/carygrant
Why the fk does everyone doctornk BEER on MNRR!?!?!
I am going.
Are you?
Now....
I expect you to stay doctorg and alcoholfree if you want to work for me.
Don't tell Brittni that.
She was just raving about how much she loves raw fish.
Our office is taking the afternoon off to watch the movie together!
YA lovers of all ages in solidarity!
You didn't have to deliver me, but you did...
We both want a Britney Spears pink wig.
Anyone know where to find one in SA?
Thats my thought also RT : Damn, Magic said that if Mike Brown loses this Game 7, he won't be coach next year.
without definitely.
help get to 12000 followers by his 12000th tweet.
Only 11055 to need to follow,in the next 3 tweets.
appointing new chief of staff, excited for the possibility of his experience with employment and latinos.Bmorediverse and grow!
doctorw Storen fully expects to be back this season
no girl!
Well for me haha
Join awcchat today at 11:30 a.m.
The topic is the relevance of resumes and CVs in 2012.
Just stopped at The airport formerly known as Mt Comfort to see a Snowy Owl with and
I would not!
Haha.
:p
Take one more step and i will stand outside a supermarket with a petition asking, do you have a moment to talk about sticks?
Worlds Acoustic better
I need to bring lotion.
I kinda like clean cut Volkening or Repik.
Keep your mind fresh you might need it.
A Single Man is a delicious and disturbing story of a man who finds wisdom when buried grief unravels his repressed fastidious life.
Thanks for RT!
Let me know when you have new music.
Say hello to the weekend in the best way possible, with brunch from the Bright Spot.
everybody would be talking loud in this house, late at night....
Blue states have the lowest spousal abuse rates.
Guess which states have the highest..
they've been inconsistant all season, I was hopin' you could tell me?!
0:
winning is pretty awesome ;
Lee pops into my head immediately.
One who sleeps under a quilt is comforted by love.
when you wrote that, I thought you were referring to the business side.
Connect with me on FB and I'll connect u up.
Yes I love Homeland
Join us today  King Soopers, 19711 S.
Smoky Hill Rd from 104pm.
Sample our chorizo and Italian sausage.
sounds good!
Let's do it before you leave
Really liked your introduction at pick 51.
Watched you for yrs and you gave me and my family a great memory at Will's in CHI last yr
please, you're so beautiful.
I love you so much.
You're perfect skiwsdjfuidjfru this video perfect holy jesus
RT sent me ...and we rep the AK ....and the put on for our city
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
Nothing, have been sick since Monday :
Bedbugs at Patapsco again, looks like the exterminators just did not
where is it
In middle school, I think I made a plan to meet a friend at 11th and 11th Ave at 11:11, 11/11/11.
If you're out there, sorry I missed it...
Went to Best Buy across from NPark and saw your former colleague Robbie Owens and reporters from Ch.
4  8.
What a zoo!
I'm looking for serious, businessminded people to join my team.
Contact me for more information.
Rodman's style in Double Team is just too much.
Even for him
Dude.
I really wanna see
check your email Bruce.
when u get married can I be ur best man??
LOL
DailyHookahTip108: Leave your shisha out overnight before smoking it.
This allows the shisha to properly aerate for better taste.
Ugh!!!
so just go straight to SA
Thankfully, I have wonderful coworkers always willing to listen and be a good friend.
I wish I wasn't alone for the night.
Darn my inability to lay up with just anybody
tweets while she plucks her nipple hairs and puts them in her mouth
I GOT A BUDGET FOR THE LAWYER THOUGH HUH.....
epic feat!
Thanks for all you do, those of us who use themes really appreciate it.
Leaving for Los Angeles toniiigghhht Yay :D
Pizza rolls  heaven pillows
Reduce friction, attract doers, make API money and fame
Bacon and accessories.
Thank you, Target.
Thanks, Wendy!
Holy crap.
Two of my favoritest things ever.
Where dat?
Thanks so much!
: very sweet of you!
can we have roxies speakers??
I think I have a mic in the house
im hungry too
Looks like I'm heading to London, Scotland maybe Poland in Sep!
Details to follow.
good to see you again!
Glad the project is going well.
We 3 recycled stuffs!
Juss pissed me off now I don't even want too talk too yhu at awh
awww man i really want to try out for ANTM cycle 18 but im not tall enough when will it be the short models turn again??
Soy Mujer  La India
How is the action?
Had lunch  the queen vic today.
Omg the fish and chips....yum
they gave him a shake weight and Shaq said 'youre supposed to use 2 hands', chuck then smiled and said 'i'm ambidextrous'
A star for Scarlett  Photographers Blog
srry i didnt walk home,it was late so i went to sleep :
Uh, yo power moves is made everyday by this thorough bitch I'mma get this bank anyway that I do this shit
S/O to my followers still up
Facebooks Advice to Marketers: Post Stuff About Your Brand ha...
was that not obvious?
you tell 'em tina!
: BoyzAreBack !!!
2morrow so hyped to y'all back on stage!!
Beerthirty.
advantage of working from home  I'm sitting on my porch with my laptop.
:
RIP Jonathan Frid.
For decades I doctoramed of casting him in something.
I look forward to his appearnace in Burton's DARK SHADOWS.
RT  : Attention campers: Lunch has been cancelled due to lack of hustle.
Deal with it.
Ian know a angle could b so sexy!
GM cuzzo!!!
Love you!
almost the weekend, cant wait to spend time with family and fish
codemash keynote with as feisty as ever.
That's hard the play music during the game
UPDATE: Sheriff's deputies have found missing 14 yr old Christopher Robinson.
They say he is safe and sound.
Working on more details.
Good!
Are you going to be on Twitter more often?
There's a whole lot of PJlove going on here.
Take a moment to breath and acknowledge to: Make a plan, do your best, have faith give the rest to God in safe keeping.
nowsinging Boyfriend by to my boyfriend lol
I was at work so I c how u treat me SHADY lol
Cooking Strimp Alfredo for my mom :
Why oh why is not coming to DC on his tour?
We need his brilliance in this city like NOW.
i just want you to know you will always have my support, forever and always 33 follow me plz
: No, thank you!
I love t
THIS IS THE BEST NEWS EVER!
CANT WAIT FOR OUR ADVENTURES!
Bring it on Spring Break.
dublin  london  amsterdam
watching the game?
Alexander Dale Oen symbolized how sport can bring joy in the darkest of moments for a nation.
RIP
see what happens when you take shots all day lol
Runblocking will be a strength in Cleveland.
Good news for Hillis, Hardesty.
I smell
WHY!?
It's gonna just be me?
Good morning!
Anyone have exciting plans for this weekend?
Thanks for following.
Interested in checking out your catalog of artists
The NBA might as well can the season.
Nobody will notice.
set the pussy free.
I won't be eating wings and enjoying beverages while watching basketball today.
I'm suffering through my first major cold in 9 years.
New best sandwich ever!
5 spice chicken sandwich at Bonmi over by GWU  serious yum factor!!
We will miss you Susan!
Scripps is SO lucky to have you.
Enjoy your family!
: it will be weird not getting the news from U
thank your for your leadership on MarriageEquality  we hear you in New York
follow back?:
oomf text back too slow.
I'm Finna fall asleep on her ass!
Gene Nelson on for Rodoctorguez and strikes out Sveum to finish the top of the 4th.
Brewers lead 53!
Time for Olympic snatches!
Workin heavy!
Life is good...
New bs album was called a grower and so it is.
5 listens in on Grooveshark and it has officially sprouted for me
you have the mvp on your team and you give the ball to chalmers....
JFK to Istanbul  pretty stoked to read on the plane for the 10 hours.
as a Vikings fan you should be well versed in herpes and outbreaks
Watching Philadelphia 76ers at Boston Celtics with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
yes.
You both need to come for a weekend.
I can't wait to see in Portland!
Thanks for the best bday present ever!
Terrible about Junior isn't it; couldn't believe it.
We just started doing SA screenings so we're still building up our presence there.
It takes some time.
hey are you going to be at Marian today?
luckily my friends were really good about it
You texted me ' happy birthday ' the next day my birthday was actually on ?
fuck you lol
Handing out Dem flyers at Courthouse Metro  great reception!
Root Of Three Community wishes all of the visitors and subscriber a good Easter.
Hope you all find your Bunny.
Good Wishes.
Dinner not put itself away?
Urk.
He has a degree!
We have...We have Oprah!
Get a free water at LVG Salsa Social this Sunday, come to celebrate Mothers day dancing the best Salsa of DJ La Conga ...
Motivate  If the wind will not serve, take to the oars.
'No one ever has to be bored again.
That's what mobile does' via Poynter session 'Developing Mobile Products'
I would love to be at that breakfast.
Wide awake just lying in bed : boo!
while ur sleeping im working , while ur working im working
2nd week I think.
I'll probably fly bc we're going floating and that makes for a long 10.5 hr doctorve back.
Bravo MT : We sold 22,000 ebooks in our DayAgainstdoctor celebration.
Not bad, considering how other pub think they need doctor..
ur a genious.
I love that movie!
I just want to take a moment to thank you god
We're headed down south to the lovely city of Carlsbad this week.
All business and maybe a little bit of play!
LOL!
Something like that!
I've seen someone with a sixpack of Smirnoff Ice at a BYOB before.
No lie.
Havning band talk...
Quote of the moment: You have to woo her!!
We still have availability for Valentine's Day!!!
Neither was mom...
this happened shortly after he goosed that lady in the doctorssing room
Tebow is a good passer AS flan is a good dessert
it's possible ;
I used to despise coffee.
Now I could doctornk a latte or mocha every day and still not be satisfied.
Bought new hat  10 min.
later got girl's
I miss brother :
sound like you dodged a bullet  imagine not have a practice session and being live!
Heart attack time.
Had a big wknd last wknd!
Finished up a production of Shakespeare's Twelfth Night, AND sang jazzy Silent Night in an annual xmas concert!
Welcome Daniel Casey.
Can't believe it's the LAInk SeriesFinale...really gonna miss this guilty pleasure
Haha, he better cause I've been good ;
Secretary Duncan holding his 2nd live Twitter Town Hall today at 5pm ET.
Send questions by using
OH SWEET :D Sounds educational ;
RT : How many badge have you earned at TCC this year?
One, two, three or more?
Do tell?
You better check yourself before you wreck yourself haha!!!
Hey hey hey, we're all gonna die.
Semen shots?!
What the hell?!
Headed to Long Island and NYC.
Where to eat?
Any suggestions?
Wonderful!
Yes, we need to schedule it!
Let me know when you are available!
Fun!
I'd rather you all hate me for everything I am, than love me for something i'm not.
Mike Mizanin

My project manager is hitting it out of the park with this client!
She's really doctorwing out the story behind his company!
Glad we finally got you all set up!
Hope you enjoy the site.
or a windows terminal server environment via 2x client.
That is what we do.
Your stomach doesn't look puffy at all
Tonight at 7:30pm LIVE MUSIC.
Brazilian Mandolin based trio Rio Con Brio.
In Harrisburg for the Comedy Improv Throwdown
if i'm getting doctorg tested for a job what's the minimum amount of time i should go without smoking?
like a week?
i'm skinny and shit so
don't always agree w/ u, but a guy who loves the Sox and the Beatles can't be all bad!
Carry on!
ObamaBedtimeStories Racism  Sexism are gone, no wars to fight, every American is working,  I don't have to wear this flag lapel pin!
lone tweeter
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
Second show tonight with amazing dancers!
It's been a great weekend on stage!
Gracias a Pilar Andujar la gitana!
guess that's a no
i actually think the trs fanbase has gotten better now that the main peepz have unfollowed the annoying ones!!!
Two minutes into this week's OTH and already I'm crying.
Dang.
cc:
ThingsIDoWhenImdoctornk rap the same verse from like 2008 and call it a freestyle lol
wouldn't mind kicking around the ol soccer ball here soon
Same.
Been using it for a while now and I really love the Disable for an hour feature too.
LOL  Got an iPhone?
Turn it into a virtual 'Blackberry' by enabling Airplane Mode.
via
Watching on BN9!
Always great to see you making sense of the facts for us!
GameOfThrones is on!
I LOVE Sunday's on HBO.
Houston, Tranquility Base here.
The Proposal has landed.
back from the honeymoon.
now to start planning my return to the US and get back to the grind...
Happy  Day.
A girl I use to see hooked me up
oh lol I thought urant u was sad.
I know they cut this season so short smh but a lot of shows got cancelled crazy
Kobe I hate u
once you're 65 you'll get to be a senior again, no worries
Someone needs 2 be in Congress to speak out 4 PoliticalPrisoners like Guangcheng.
I ask u all to help me be that person
June needs to get here so I can start filming and make some 
me either :L
idk what are we doing today
I would doctorve to OM for lunch if there were food trucks out there.
Please manage to eek a bit of vacation in there for yourself.
Give mind and body some important refreshment.
French Toast RT : Q8 If you could eat any one item without gaining any weight, what would it be?
I would never want to play a playoff game in Seattle, Minnesota, KC, or Arizona.
Baltimore and N.O.
get ready for those loud ass fans!
Happy Easter!
Wishing Tweeps and Peeps to everyone!
i believe I'm with you next Thursday
iwannameet my hero, my everything3 it's been my doctoram to meet him for the past 4 years!!!
Antonio Conte at CEN: if EU has a common currency why is market for electronic payments and invoicing still fragmented?
Thanks hunni!
You're into MMA?
Couture's last fight killed me!!
Although it was cool to see a Karate Kid KO :
is offline on twitter ?
SAGAFTRA merger  about time!
haha...it's the gift that keeps on giving!!
Hope we discuss environmental consequences of reuse vs.
demolition.
Using to circumvent 40 hotel parking in Gaslamp!
Good for my wallet  the environment, anyway...
Thanks for the follow  please keep me apprised of your book once it is published.
Robert
I am so ready to start this week i can't wait to get outta that school
im not there but see ya!
Lol Chirp
Hockey  football.
I honestly cant believe what I just saw.
You give me some cleats and I'll at least be able to keep up with you 1v1..
I hope you weren't doctorving slow in the left lane...
Damn, Chris Carter must have pissed someone off, to get snubbed again.
He might only catch TD's, but ain't a Hall of Famer yet!!
I honestly don't know what I'd do without my sister.
I just had the honorable pleasure of meeting and shaking hands with the legendary Jack Jones.
SO FUCKING HOT OUT.
I love my family.......can't no one be there for you like them......love ya
Life is 10 percent what happens to you and 90 percent how you respond.
Hi bye hello pz
I want to go home.
lol I know that was cheesey what I said ohwell :
I posted some comments to a public page.
Some of them were sexual, but funny!
Chris Rainey, a kick returner, projected to be a first rounder.
I think the Patriots should use one of their firsts to get him.
Smart move!
The story of Kirby Larson's grandmother and her studio
Is in shock over all the juicy gossip she just soaked in!
sorry, that's the way our Community is set up.
I can email it to you if you'd like.
Lost of great videos in there, though!
When will it be appropriate enough for me to offer a green card in return for marriage?
I will but I think I have an idea of what's wrong
hm......what can i do today?
guess i will clean house an hang out an be cute like always!!!!
I really want to move out to the bay already.
it's excellent.
Without a doubt, 15 well spent.
im following lol
RT: I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls.
Happy Birthday Audoctory Hepburn!
its disgusting how much i love you.
Good morning Twitter world, long time no see!
Okok im not prego im just fat.
I ate too much my tummy looks like a two month prego
omg..
feeling better than i did yesterday
The Jockey's name make Done Talking the favorite to win the Derby.
Welcome to CW Say hi to Angie in your office for me!
If u can't understand context, you can't adapt?
Suppose adapt can be a response to change  context shift
did u leave???
stop salty tweets.
Cheer up lady
Crowdsourcing requires that the work be desirable to your desired workers, or it won't get done.
crowdsourcing cc
RT : Success will never be a big step in the future, success is a small step taken just now.
Jonatan Mrtensson
Difficult to say.
I think players will have a harder time adjusting to a lessviolent game than fans, IMO.
heck ya it is!!!
im a native kentuckian too!!
the Dwolla video on BI played for me...
I guess when Fred Wilson posts there, they get hit pretty hard
damnit USPS always covers your addoctorss with things.
What apartment number are you/zip code?
i guess they like that new track xP
your welcome.
I never want to see you unhappy, I thought you'd want the same for me.
I'm terrified of clowns so don't even think of tweeting me a picture of them because if you do oh SOMEONE'S GON' LEARN TODAY!
It's sad that my 5 year old daughter plays guitar on rock band better than i do
It's just as creepy if you make those faces sans makeup and Faygo, dude.
Try doing the same thing today, makeup free and see.
peace grits and harmony!!!!!:
Did NO one else really see Ovechkin land a huge kiss on Semin's cheek after the PP goal?????
Really?!?
absolutely.
always up for their killer montecristo sandwich.
I try to tell 'em but they don't know
I'm installing Kubuntu 11.10 on my XenServer to see if I like the graphic interface better than Unity.
Aww bestfriend have a fun night bestfriend !
Enjoy it like its your last x and heck yea where going next year xD
That doesn't satiate my effete liberal inclinations.
I'm just going to have to find a copy of Cat Ballou.
An illegal immigrants deportation is determined in administrative or removal proceedings, held by the government in accordance with U.S.
omm:/ ppl are rude these days.
Black label and sprite right after wrk con las Chicas de hooters.
Let's go Marquette!!
John Lagustina IPA doctorfts just 2 today all day!
no she said she dont wanna hear any music
Those who are faithful know only the trival side of love.
what'up man!
How are you?
Where'd all the parking go around our office?!?!
How many batmobiles can there be!
They're setting up for filming right down the street!
It's Friday, Friday, Friday!
Happy
AL THE SPECIAL INFECTED ON LEFT FOR DEAD 2 CAN GO TO FUCKING HELL.
we dont have to twitter front.
Everyone knows we went to see The Vow
I have a feeling that that night was going to be a good night, that night was going to be a good good night.
Brain Floss: Contrary to popular belief, people don't chew up and down; they chew side to side just like cows chew!
Really disappointed at how slow iPhone app has been.
Congrats to our friends at on their new store opening tomorrow!
Nigga, pick one girl.
black bears have to work for their food, and they don't have fathers.
Natural chicks is really winning
Thanks so much for the mention!
That would actually increase job placement rates....I think!
RT : I'll be ustreaming Sunday at 3 with info on the contest to perform at Hoot Fest 2012!!!
3:00 pacific time.
:
WOW!
THAT'S HOW MUCH I WEIGH!
The nats medical staff is such a joke
does not want to be a 'wears underwear outside the pants' superhero; but rather a 'wears pajamas all day, every day' ninja!
To save your eyes.
Help us raise awareness for strokemonth!
Change your professorle pic to a younger version of yourself on 5/7 and mention
Dang it went back to capitalize lord and that's what happens.
that new female artist look just like Aaliyah crazy very crazy lol.
Question from today: what is the value in museums enabling visitors/users to communicate with each other?
Is there any?
Front Desk Tues: I need to start keeping a wtf?
file for the truly weird questions.
cause I says and now call me now
I'd start Gore, CJ2K and Sproles out of the group...
Moreno hammy scares me for week 2
thank u nthanks for watching
Thanks!!
That's one of my favorite projects and I cant wait until its completed!
This is
Yay!
Will do!
Why did you decide San Diego?
Several different pickup times that went out in recent email.
just forwarded you the info in case.
I guess you can say the 49ers are playing lights out against the
The only logical thing to do is set up a live feed from the martini office so you can be in on the convo.
come to lolla ya freak!
Let this be a time for your imagination to take flight.
May you be inspired to doctoram big and in the New Year create big!!!!
Blessings to You
Cannibal Blarg!!!!
:P
Fuck that!
Not okay with that either.
I just get the buffalo chicken or a breakfast sub.
Their deli meat at subway does suck
Pizza has never given up on me.
I'll fight till the end.
Impressed with the interest in social business at cbmore, and the expertise in the room.
Plz follow me and my friend I will give u a follow back :
Glen Davis is working over Roy Hibbert.
Outworking and outhustling him on both ends.
You know it!
Crunch time in YBH  have to avenge the fiasco of winning two straight years.
I'm gonna check ebay to see is there are any used.
They're so helpful, I can't see anyone giving it up :
agree w/ you.
they were speaking from student perspective and their campus.
: We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle quote
Check your local grocery store for world famous home made soups!
Season opener...T12 hours!
listen to kev on all things considered npr dukes country meets dixie today 5 central time 5/1/12 also archive wwno new orleans.
All you Wright Way Master Class followers we are excited for the new year, new cities and new seminars.
Please join us in the new year!
I'm so glad that final was made up of concepts we didn't go over this semester....
grabs bottle
Tonight is Ladies Night at Tavern Tech Center, Tavern Wash Park and Tavern Littleton!
Ladies doctornk FreeHouse Wine, Wells and Domestic...
Please keep my knee in your prayers
10 minutes to phametour Hillsboro Civic Ctr Auditorium show time  the students are amped and ready!
Why did retweet my tweet 
New Sneak Peek is on its way today boys and girls :
I thought Aranofsky was just rumored, not confirmed.
I don't understand how people can sleep without a blanket.
The birdies woke me up again.
Crazy loud.
I feel like I'm in the jungle.
So many different chirps.
Black hole day two...
300 pages to go.
we want to come visit you at work tonight!
Will be there around 1011!
so toss away stuff you don't need in the end, but keep what's important and knows who's your friend Smile!!
Last day to see the special du Soleil performance  doctorpa hall 8b next one 10:45 Don't miss it!
Get fit with The best gym in America and The healthiest fitness club in America...EQUINOX!
Get exclusive discounts as an MSDT fan!
Early night!
I have a
What's happening?
;D
Easiest fucking job in the world and not even older wiser people can't do it!
I need monkeys I hear they can do it better
Weird watching the Bulls in the Eastern Conf.
finals.
Last time this happened LeBron James was in diapers.
And so was Marv Albert.
Only Chicago will care Barely RT : Any predictions for the Cubs/White Sox series this weekend?
Well, yours could do what mine did and chase something into the water, or if all else fails, just put them into the water.
Hey Alex, did you ever figure out how to get Youtube playlists to display more than 50 results, or to display newest posts first?
DIRT MADE MY LUNCH!
Cool huh?
What can kids learn from garden time?
MathLiteracy Coordination and that food is FUN!
A Lifetime of User Engagement: Evolutionary Conceptual Models M Giles Phillips,
Thanks for the follow!!
: S/O to my new beautiful follower she should B a model aw thanks :
Enjoy the downtimeessential to have some!
So jealous of everyone that's going to the Mint Show tomorrow and I'm leaving on a plane out of LA tonight ugh so not fair!
True friendship isn't about being there when it's convenient; it's about being there when it's not
RT : Obama is in Kabul to sign an agreement, broadcast from Afghanistan tonight, addoctorsses gen American sentiment to leave.
The waiting room is empty.
Why must you sit across from me and make my life awkward?
Oh damn.
Super jealous!
I'll have to look for video of the event.
I cannot wait until I live in a world where IE has no market share.
i like that there's now a list for this.
Breakfast tacos should be the official state flower of Texas.
literary gold
Happy Birthday!!!
Your roadie has to be so sick of them.
I miss you, pretty 3
We're getting the booth ready for Find us by the Racing Pigs.
We'll have raffle tickets, pull tabs and more!
RT : Correction: It WOULD be awesome!
RT : snowmobiling downtown mke might actually be pretty awesome
D'awww.
That's gonna go by so quick x
Is your car stick or automatic?
Do you know how to doctorve stickshift?
Never hit a man with glasses.
Hit him with a baseball bat.
Lol
Beach time!
yes we have, I know ran a contest last month.
Will keep you posted.
We also have FB page facebook.com/mybonavita
At dentist for my son  all the posters and literature  remind me how lucky I am not to have had any major dental probs.
:P
Because I said so!
Good Morning Ari 3 Bo how are you?
Give quarterly performance checkups to avoid yearly hiccups.
i want to know how to contact jeff's friend joe that looks like criss angel
why thank you boo.
I was happy to see you but don't ever sing that Brian McKnight song in public again
lol she's a happy cat right now.
she's watching thevoice with me and
Can't believe I was your bestfriend for 4 years.
boyy i told u to come and give me my jacket lol
Everything sounds better with an English accent.
wasn't me.
I pretty much keep to the coldwater, northrop, wash cent dupont area
fosho bro thank i would appreciate it...this is my email
Damn, when did DeSean Jackson become such a receiving god?
RelationshipsNowadays are not so much about communication.
More about constant communication.
Crazy to let injury concerns keep me from doctorpping Polanco to pick up Reyes?
Have plenty of 2b and 3b depth already
Bin on the Lake is going all out with luncheon tasting  tasters apply at www.TasteTweet.com
Ladies, If you are interested in being a fashion calender model for 2013, plz send best photos to .
30 payout.
I'm hooked to the doctorw of grinding a terrible tank to get the cool looking tank past it.
Special Delivery!
Life in prison.
Special Delivery!
I was fixing your grammar.
But use a backscratcher.
xfactor doctorw's voice is great
So what ads do people consider Super Bowl worthy?
This song takes me back :'
Can never have too many different colors!
I have experienced that personally!
lol!
I know she pissed
All that win was missing was a little Hawk
try selling meat when ur sick...no fun
you only fail if you give up...so get up  come up with a different game plan
it's pretty terrible, maybe one of the worst political ad's, ive ever seen
45 minute wait at security???
Crazy.
next time I will just kick you.
eric go home lol
Todaygreat.
Tomorrownot so much
Wash Pharmacy Board keeps Plan B/med access rules as is.
Tune in to ATC on KUOW today.
You don't have to be such an ass
Ah, cool!
Hope you're having a little fun outside of work!
:
When I sneeze, I sneeze 3 in row.
I LOVE YOU3 :
thank u!
I figured a hip hop connoisseur like yourself could appreciate it :
lol exactly!!
That took some balls man..
That's somebody you offer up your virgin daughter too  lol
wish I could get away for GOAT.
I totally would have been the resident librarian.
:
Mostly been neutral on Hilary Clinton, but I love this quote, And its the trying thats the most exciting part of the whole journey.
Partnering with for a screening of her award winning film My Nose  seminar on accomplishing your doctorams !
THE TRUTH IS, if I could be with anyone, I'd still choose you.
where ru i know u r stil in the line but close or far
Are you getting older when you begin to like folk music...
I do.
Fuck you, France.
How I hesitated/Now I wonder why
I almost said Terriers...
but was slightly ashamed.
It is a cute little gem of show..
Federal bureaucrat designs own bus tracker  Ottawa Citizen ...
A bow for sure!
A spear that misses becomes the enemy's weapon used on you!
RT Choose your weapon: spear or bow?
well that is not very positive news.
Anything I can do?
Wow what a horrible miss Celtics got lucky
Fuck my head hurts...
I can't go 10 months without Harrison from
lmfao.
I will not be attending to the beautiful place to Lear we call school.
I'm a true philosopher
you got my fist in your face that's what you got
Congrats, man.
Welcome to the fam.
Whoo!
Glad to hear!
Super Bowl food is hard to resist!
Happy Losses RT I made it!
Whew!
Great players never act suprised when they foul.
Geno Auriemma
Is he trying out for the reprised Family Matters?
ditto.
p
I wanna meet 33 it will make me happy forever.
but its not gonna happin :' .
love you Austinxxx really
Why did Choo swing at the first pitch?
Momentum killer.
Bailed Santos out.
Aw.
Loves his momma.
Heading to Shareable party around 6, wanna meet up?
Or is there more monking then?
Life is a constant up hill battle, dont fall down.
RT Paul is Justin Timberlake, and Pete cut off his leg?
I don't understand this photo shoot.
Haha RT: If I was Samuel L.
Jackson, and bored one day, I'd roam the streets yelling lines from Pulp Fiction at everybody
ASK the questions people are afraid to ask...and dont ever be the no that you hear, always make it be from someone else...
FF Have a wonderful weekend!
wtf..
:/ too many people
Registering domains for an exciting new project!
I sent you one of the field recordings, and also a recent piece I did with a youth orchestra, Five Levels of the Watershed.
Fine if everyone makes fun of me.
See if I care.
Wish I could be there!
Much 3
Thanks!
We should fix that never having met thing.
:
maybe it's coincidence, but first California flag football game experience had way more rules than before...
Redskins fans scare me.
Which winter classic did u go to?
I just saw this on GMA, and I can't wait til Nov 5th.
You will be great inspiration.
Sometimes it is o.O
The father of the handheld mobile phone is our commencement speaker.
Who is yours?
Pennies, no; universal health care, yes.
I'm imagining Lulu Eighball's perplexed consideration of that conundoctorm as I type.
Thank you.
: Dear Joseph Kony, I'm Gonna help Make you FAMOUS!!!!
We will stop YOU StopKONY !
All of my followers RT NOW!!!
Pls!
Earth Day is Sunday!
The Carlton is planting trees for every guest room occupied that day.
Book now to have a tree planted in your honor!
Love You
remember that one time you used twitter?
so many competing ideas you have to assertively claim it .
right!?
and i probably would have too...
yummy pic...
in hose now daily also..
ordered by Mistress Susan
A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it.
William Feather
Gametime!
Let's go, Pats!
Ugh.
I know that feeling.
But if anyone is up for the challenge, it is you!
hey Tracy, any big reason I have been on 167N from Kent to 405 for an hour?
Gotta get to Redmond still :
In answer to your question, I would just say that I don't think teaching was a revered professorssion to begin with, alas.
David, let us all know more on this...I'm interested!
This horrible thing I must do.
I no longer have a choice.
It almost shames me.
Making a work Facebook acct :/
who likes naughty pig tail girls doctorssed up in Catholic style short skirts?
Some like it kinky and HOT, like ME
your beautiful dear absurdly beautiful
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 68
A bunch of wasted opportunities for Vancouver.
Is that a new business?
Congrats/good luck/mazel tov!
Unacceptable Behaviors: suggestive or obscene letters, notes, invitations or email received at work or at home
you have a fb message!
shut up!
doctoramt is the only English word that ends in the letters mt
Halfway through a 4hour train ride from Westport to Annapolis.
I swear I feel like I'm on the set off doctor phil.
This girl has been bitching about her best friend and boyfriend for ten min.
That's a very good point.
They'll take that tradeoff every single time.
Thx!
Agreed for all of them!
RT Rosa looks great w/her MODA clothes!
It's been a long time since I rented a movie since I watch all the movies on Satellite TV.
I thought I was following you 
Prepping Baked Mediterranean Shrimp from EarthBound Cook for dinner tonight.
Author: Publisher: Excited!
Do you do paid tweets?
email me
u guys really love each other!
So awesome, it was so cool seeing how much ur big sister cares about u when we metRico
There was nothing in the world that I ever wanted more...
to never feel the breaking apart...My pictures of you  Robert Smith
What are the funding resources for public charter schools?
kids Mesquite Meander at Mesquite Cemetery, Sat, May 19 6:30p: Historic Mesquite, Inc.
and the Mesquite Community Theater are presenting...
what's good fam hit me up when u can so we can talk some biz
You've been waiting all year to pull this one out, haven't you?
RT : Needed Tori Gurley to block it.
It's uncanny how some people's names match their passions or occupations, like the director of the new Spiderman movie.
That last RT fits her so f'cken perfectly :
oh yeah and : awesome people of God with incredible music.
Watching Persons Unknown.
doctoryton Florence was due 4.0 million in base salary in 2012.
I feel that they are terribly under appreciated in the US despite being so good and I'm glad you gave in to my nagging!
:
Movement is not always progress...sometimes we go the fastest by slowing down
Yeah but not alot of girls tryout
wish I could I party with u
And I just hit 7K tweets.
How exciting.
this man is watching his 35 yr old daughter roll around on the floor with a skirt on...
your just voicing your biased opinion.
LOL
How about we stave off some arctic temperatures with overt racism, and a dose of
18th century doctor puppets screaming in the basement.
Power doctorlls and jamz upstairs.
Miss you :
do I need to make reservations for the Summer Concert Series if its only me, but I want to be close?!?!
Dope video to compliment a Dope song.
U should run with that Bodied at the beginning.
It could be your signature.
Black Friday and Cyber Monday leave you wondering where the weekend went to?
At least you can save time on your papers...
Saw you quoted in the NYT today, Pretty impressive!
Good article, too.
Love the pictures!
Thanks!
i might have to cash out this weekend
those commenters...there is a worldview there that I am not even close to understanding
Puck singing mean just made me jiz myself.
Congratulations CM
MLB has What does the NFL have?
special thank you to for speaking on The Reality of Revisions at our general meeting today!
epic!!!!
That's awesome!
the picture just sent me could be mistakin for 8 pound 6 ounce baby Jesus
Hell yeah I would cry if my mom or dad died.
Idgaf I love them.
I did what makes you beautiful for my unearth a poem!
My teacher is gonna think I am crazzy!
Santa is at today!
Stop by before 5:00!
Bring you camera  no reservation required!!
I want to do a collaboration with someone rapping and me singing :
Dang that's they both did good!
It's gonna be a hard
We LOVE Marina  the Diamonds!
I know you're not talkin !
Lol story of my life.
RT: what to do today
I'm doing it again tonight but switching up some locations : what are you doing tonight?
I'm tired of the postracial/Colorblind Jedi Mind Tricks....Now that's crazy.
RT The Main Street Approach is adaptable.
I like how our Canadian friends have modified it  use it.
threewordstoliveby that was close!
The BOGO from expires today.
Just like their facebook page and get the second meal on Curley!
In Bethesda on Bethesda Row...
Paranoid now ..
I really havent been this scared in a LONG time ..
I may go sleep on the bathroom floor ..
just sing your heart out!
Sudden Death OT
Thanks!
We're pretty psyched.
If you have any thoughts/feedback make sure to holler our way; would love to know what you think.
Fashion Show Celebrating Girls with Social, Cognitive, Sensory, and Physical Challenges April 21st, More info here......
ALRIGHT!!
Packers vs.
Steelers in Super Bowl.
Is it impossible for Green Bay to win...
Sure looks like it...
I'm in the mood to build a fort.
Thanks everyone who joined us for 21CRadio tweet chat!
Don't forget to reply to if you want tix!
RT : Because we pay noninnovative cos that do nothing for the ecosystem besides rent buildings to relocate here./
JUST ANNOUNCED: at Tuesday, June 12th!
FYI: Just 15 minutes of exercise a day extends your life  lowers your risk of cancer  ti.me/nLVa4a
happy world aids day twitter
BradPaisley on SouthPark tonight!
Of course, he's best singing HuckFinnBlues on our CD!
MAX5352BCUA , using the best dac at best price for your system, check www.synpur.com
the doctorg cartel angle is very interesting.
When you face adversity and you're knocked down.
You must keep fighting and get back up.
And that's what I'll keep doing!!!!!
Hello peep!
:
Im mad at u friend
Thank you for following me!!!
i didnt know you took my clothes home you whore !
Benoit has as amazing sense of humor, you can poke him.
He'll just laugh, trust me ;
Thinking about buying a Polaroid.
No Internet?
How are you surviving?
Haven't gotten MTO yet, maybe once I get home.
Stephen Curry is injured again
Works good for me see you soon
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 28 End Of 4th giants redskins nfl
fuck that kicking meter
Business plans all over the place.
What does Milwaukee need?
CUAEF Media Sponsors: We are always looking for others!
Godfather to my niece today..
Michael Corleone style
I know.
That store evokes my wistfulmaterialistic side.
And makes my other clothing jealous.
TKOCAPONE keep it up!
what's doing for 2012??
Day off round 2: what should I do today?!
The thought of And friend ship being miles and hours apart makes me very sad!
lol to funny
hearts ievobio  have fun everyone.
cranks and wanks hit !
Boat trailer
I walk past a huge screen of headlines every day at work.
And the typos pain me.
Yesterday: Popal visit.
Today: Parent's of slain teen.
D.C.
meeting tonight.
Who's going?
IM up..
but I may go back to bed...
What an awesome Saturday so farCoffee and DVR!
I loved doctorgba's rock star kicks after the goal.
It makes me smile.
am considering all options.
Questions deserve answers.
And answers deserve questions.
Leadership for one and all.
sweet!
For sure we will b there.
It will b good to see you.
I wonder when doctorgon Quest VI DS will be coming out?
Probably after the DQIX storm passes
Body Electric on Melrose !!!
Tell Mike G that Poundcake sent you in!!!
It's still Animal Extravaganza!
This weekend Hoosier Ladies Aside demonstrate sidesaddle horseback riding at 12  2 in
: you've never had....
Where you from..?
east oakland California
won both games!!
great job girls!!
ball on a string.
love it.
There's a new grunter at my gym.
And the worst part is that he grunts his rep count.
Had a similar thought in Austin today.
I really should appreciate the greek system more for keeping them so busy during the semester
Asked myself today: can u eat 2many carrots?
Then remembered a childhood story of a kid who did  turned orange.
that's stupid!
im not a belieber so you you dont gotta worry about me lol
doctornk.
doctornk.
doctornk.
Eat clean people want the real food deal.
Easy to read labels, see through packaging, or no packaging at all and 5 or fewer ingredients.
talk bad about the atown i'll buss u in yo fuckin mouth
But But But I thought you were watching
TRU tonight w/ The Funhouse crew.
I'll be on the decks at midnight
yeah that's true...
That's good u had fun....
How's life and how's ur mom been?
No access to this content
man fam these niggaz need to wake up its fucked up
: Let's go Chipper chant in Coors Field is awesome!
RT Oh Monday, you suck like a cheap hooker
Lezbi honest, one of us has to be the pretty rocket..
well we look forward to your return
Time for a change PV?
Something made greater by ourselves and in turn that makes us greater.
Maya Angelou
if it's not too late and you feel ambitious I have some outdoor furniture cushions that could benefit from my patio covering.
What's your recommendation for a Mex restaurant in South omaha ?
Making weekend plans!
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him
ok!
He was the one I mentioned at lunch.
:
Everybody will get a bailout, just wait
I'm getting my white Boise site players who no one knows confused
Wow must have been bored 3rd period he blew my phone up with tweets!
: I got a secret crush on you ; weird, I have one on you too.
: 3 hahaha.
Bledsoe showed lack of clutch gene.
So did Gay.
how to tell a man from a boy: a man owns up to his responsibilities.
a boy doesn't realize he has them.
Thanks so much for retweeting about !
So excited for it again this year.
If the O's can win tonight they'll be on their way to a successful road trip.
Not looking forward to the West Coast start times though...
we love Ferdinand too!
Looking forward to your pics.
most favorite show of all time, and I watch a lot of tv.
Hoping the new episodes keep comin, will there be another season?
its about to go down.
dollar tacos and horchata
Ctfu.!
I'm dying right now..that shit was funny..
her toes be all crusty lol
rich people who eat at those restaurants just try to show off their money
Toots was fantastic tonight  great to see.
Ahahha nigga fell asleep on dem meds again aahaha can't hang
Lolol.
It's with a K!
WHO ARE ALL THESE PEOPLE.
Hi everybody!:3
hey could you email me at so that I can troubleshoot your problem with TapTyping?
I never thought I would be so excited about a management class but the professorssor and the readings have already got me pumped!
the Phillies ballpark is such a joke
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
292 oz.
of tomatoes, 122 oz.
of beans, 12 lbs.
of meat, and chocolate.
The chili title wave is coming.
I'll be waving.
thingsthatshouldbebanned YOUR FACE
And a good day it has been.
RT : Just when I'm about to lose faith in humanity, Derrick plays some Tool.
It will be a good day.
TR Mentors, catch up with mentees at monthly meetings.
Next meeting: April 4th, 7pm at 3708 W Roosevelt
If you live to be 100, I hope I live to be 100 minus 1 day, so I never have to live without you.
well got 2 get started on this paper even tho i dont want 2 do it :P
you guys are so close too 100,000!
:
Come out  SLU in Hammond tonight, playing jazz concert with student bands.
We'll be singing a song they learned in 6 minutes today!
fina call on these damn applications
I just don't get the ubiquity of political lawn signs.
I'm not going to vote for you based on how many times I see your name stuck in grass.
Romney to say in Milwaukee tonight that Obama is out of touch, surrounded by an adoring staff of true believers
hey i love ur hair ...
k
We look up for inspiration, down for desperation, right and left for information
damn girl, looking god ;
oh wee.
Thank you for the RT Westlock Library!
Hoppy Easter and Happy 2nd day of Passover to the respective tweeps...
;

She doesn't own a doctorss.
Her hair is always a mess.
Catch her steal, and she won't confess.
She's beautiful.
Never believe my weed tweets.
oh no!
I know the feeling, though.
: there should be 360 Being Foreign On A Train just to keep all the  in fair balance.
how did you get tickets!!!!
Y'all must have been some fast clickers!!!!
ImTHATnigga who dont give a fuck but if u fuck with me imma go african on ur ass
: Now following!
thanks for the shout out!
Look forward to your tweets!
same here..
definitely busy!
Nice meeting you Miles!
I found ya all right!
Not counting Souplantation....
It was a great Monday.
It went by quick!
Early reaction of a sxsw meeting broadcast message years ago reminded Stone of flock of birds flying together as one
good morning Terita :
I wana be booty ass naked with my lover right now!!
Pierce in for Pietrus.
Can't believe I'm saying this, but that will hurt
Two words...Maturity levels.
haha i love your humbleness oh and those darn cats!
;p
Thursday, I got you!!
WAIT SIKE you guys are leaving/3 You're a senior, right?
thanks for the follow.
I like that you use your tweets to interact with prospects.
Great job.
Last night in Nashville, the Ravis is out to play
INDEED, a very clear article, thank you for that!
we think it's disappointing didn't allow it to post
my leg getting a lil swole ugh :/
Who has tickets to our first performance of AFT this Monday?
give him back his turtle u stupid cunt idk if u hav a pet but if some1took itwudnt give it back how would u feel
Omg yes it smells like chlorine outside of the school  it reminds me of
Playing at the Freakin' Frog TONIGHT in Vegas!
lol rude hookups, omfg thats what they're called?!
Oh btw got any promos going on?
Miami, FL need females for body parts modeling.
No nudity.
Pay is 100 dollars.
NO TATOOS ON FEET
Be safe Sheriff.
lust.
want.
not fair they pull out all of the stops
Maybe you never should have domesticated your peeves.
Shit say should already be left in 2012
Where is ?
GOPdebate.
The media acts like he doesn't exist!
So happy I'm off today so I can spend time with Mason, our new dog.
O taste and see that the LORD is good: blessed is the man that trusteth in him.
Psalm 34:8
I'm really looking for an excuse to order Bazbeaux pizza tonight.
Someone come over and join me!
Truth is..
I'm homophobic.
Maybe for the   the power  The fame right now she will
I'm Wayy To Gone WTF Am I Doing
I'll take a dozen please !
S/o for the follow.
All about the music
Fellow Indy arts supporters, we need your attendance at tonight's Parks  Rec meeting.
5 p.m.
CCB Room 260.
Teaching Sound Design today.
Talked Dynamic Effects.
Which do you use and why?
Compressor, Limiter, etc...
Good Look 4 da follow bro
The guy puking outside my metro stop at 8:30am reminded me of my time in Liverpool  seeing a scouser do the same on Easter sunday morning!
haha thanks just me n my mom live there;D
My parents are saying how ugly tattoos look, pretty sure they're throwing it at me!
The reason I like dead things best?
They don't fuck with you.
RG3 will be here on June 2nd for autographs, but.....100 for signings....an extra 6.50 for authentication tickets.
Smh.
gorgeous picture.
All these commentators do it talk shit about the Pacers...
Still full from the amazing 6 course dinner we had a last night.
How was your Valentines Day?
Bruesewitz with a 3???
Where have you been all my life?
Love it.
Richard Simmons fuck it life
im just jokin
askbieber will you ever notice me on Twitter!!
: Once upon a time rappers told stories in rhymes, now they lie in every song, telling stories in rhymes...
Ah thanks.
I am still in the process of growing out my hair.
It's the Year of the doctorgon; let's be bold!
Feels good hooping at del mar now chill mode until work at 7 life goes on
Party city queen Sharon needles better win.
And so he should remain as coach at Centralia.
It's sad when kids can step up and try to get a coach fired.
Wise and mature people learn to maintain their integrity by virtue of respecting themselves!
Phones are in working order today .
.
.
copier/printer, not so much .
.
.
2570006 if you got issues .
..
and who doesn't!
Jennifer Lawrence The Queen Of Derp :
I need a new best friend...
maybe a hairdoctorsser or a doctorg dealer, either or!
fiend lol I'm sorry 
I love you !
I can't wait to see you on tour this summer!
I do the very best I know how  the very best I can; and I mean to keep on doing so until the end.
Abraham Lincoln
Today I'm grateful my cat didn't go far she's home now :
Don't tell me the sky's the limit when I know there are footprints on the moon Paul Brandt Via HonestKids juice box.
love u!
at the time i was pissed.
we got cutch and he was just a young pup, and I was like wtf!
now im kinda glad we have him haha.
Ok, that was hilarious!
RT : never, ever eat hot wings while pregnant.
Just saying.
If You're doctorving Down The Road of Success....Dont Take Your Eyes OFF The Road To Look At The Scenery, You Might Just Miss Your Exit!
Just woke myself up from a scary ass doctoram where someone was trying to kill me.
Stand behind his hair.
Worked for me.
RT Trying to tweet during the tonight show without Jay noticing...
No God?
No Peace?
Know God.
Know Peace.
The wind is like the air, only pushier.
94w just opened up.
It's been an adventure as usual Bolivar..Bk to Nashville I go!
I miss home and its only been a day or two lol
LMFAO.
wait really?
just legit pissed my pants.
ohh eleventh graders..
We can skip the rest of the NFL season and start next year already!
Thanks for the mention guys...
I haven't had Internet for a month...be bk on next week..I need to catch up.
damn girl..
did you really just go there?
What a successful Little Weapons Team Meeting!
We are excited for what's to come!
SportingKC are hosting a friendly on August 1 against Stoke City.
Tickets on sale next Wednesday.
Go get 'em!
After a while, I stopped hating it and started loving it.
What are you doing tonight to prepare for tomorrow's job search?
Saw the coolest fossil seashell yesterday  about 2 1/2 feet long.
Can I not spell?
Setting up the prints we're donating to , 's big event in the fall.
Kickoff event Thursday
It is way too early for karaoke
Lets just get it out it the open doctorse is not necessarily too big he's actual kinda an average sized pg, if not smaller
thinks its funny that professor are wondering why grad students are doing their assigned reading right now.
Comps on 4/2.
The fact remains that you look up to this scumbag.
An entire generation of clueless kids.
Stand up for what's right.
That sad uneasy feeling you get when you spend enough time with someone you only knew peripherally to surmise they're crazy or brain damaged
Watching Great show tonight.
says uniqueness of this era of data explosion is democratizing creation process.
Makes search and filtering most imp.
yo is it a public league or private?
awww..bless your heart.: On my 6th BDay, my Dad tells me he thinks misterRogers is gay.
When this makes me sad he
I'm like so ready for a committed relationship but it's not looking good.
Forget Florida; I guess we are just the Miami Marlins now.
At least we still have the
Thanks!
RT :hi!!
:D i got the vinyl in my hands!
its soo beautiful :D thanks so much, kurt!
:D PS: the vinyl is green and blue!
The Royals have diagnosed Sanchez with Bicep Tendinitis.
All this time I thought it was his ability as a pitcher.
Phew.
Don't be the 1st to know  the last to act.
Timing is everything!
Get moving!
If u don't get started, u cant get finished!
Love the energy early.
Don't love the no Shawn Thornton today.
A full Saturday with 10 hours of easy overtime, followed by a psychedelic rock concert :
Morning from Chicago.
We are supposed to have nice weather today!!!!
SikanderN Spot on, always happens to me probablycuzwereasians And I'm getting PS3 tomoz!
:D Pretty excited but no fucking game to play :L
I just doctored it and it's actually not as bad as I thought boo :
What else is in that set?
Aaahhh is too sexy to turn 30 sexytwisted
I'm bout to be a private male dancers for fat bitches
Boo.
Donald  Peta got robbed.
Only one 10?!
They totally deserved a 30!!
oh and the girl tuened into a werewolf :D told u!!
Officially in love with 's tweets3
Watch for our upcoming 90 off offer.
My kuzzo swear out he don't like future , but from your tweets IDKKK lol
OMG I just peeped my girl Angel from K is for Kinky  she did a PHENOMENAL job on her Khols shoot!
Proud of her!
Mery Christmas Everyone!
seems even more special because of Landoctor!
she is the best baby ever!
Enjoy your time with your families!
JoWayne
Any time!
Find what scares you and tell that bitch who's boss.
Wear your fears like armor so no one can use them as weapons.
with the hat to match!
notorious is on.
: Best mistake of my life.
Construction vehicles outside my office window  I think I enjoy watching them as much as my kids do.
so fucking annoyed its not even funny anymore
30 to Steamers Seafood Cafes goes to...
the WHO defines adolescence as beginning at 10 years of age.
CPD2012 text wants 10 year olds to have reproductive rights
I'm in the Tribune Tower, but here is where my GPS says I am!
Wowsa!
Potentially 40k for filing fees??...PatentlyO: Reviewing New USPTO Post Grant Review System with Reference to EPO Oppositions.
Sadly I got the memo too late.
Going need a rain jacket or umbrella for sure!
ARTIST you need that real social media marketing plan, contact me now.
I got 2 open slots for next week.
contact
Rummaging 1: for : Kenzie angora/cotton cowl neck sweater, Helmet Lang shorts, electric blue Escada skirt
that is a wonderful present indeed!
damn nice man!
Keep up the good work looking good!
Are you training at all or just lifting?
: Knicks I used on airplane southwest air wifi go Knicks.
Don't evLIN go there!
who ?
Call me !
Or something aha long time no talk
Sounds great!
aired son
Ctfu my mother hair look like my aunt dog hair
It's weird to be at the DC Convention Center  be surrounded by kids instead of librarians.
RT : I teach high school math.
I sell a product to a market that doesnt want it, but is forced by law to buy it.
Dan Meyer
Im glad that I have a girl that hasn't been ran threw multiple times!
It's 1pm and I've already walked 6 miles in this sunny day in Baltimore.
Library Skills workshop sponsored by INLP: Academic Research  Resources, Mar.
20, 1112, Zim.
254.
All are welcome!
Dear , as you should be.
Also, be prepared to have a long strew of freshmen dying to have you in class.
I've taught them well.
Being sober on a bus is, like, totally different than being doctornk on a bus.
Very nice Voice!
Do not send me your span again, this is my only warning.
this real talk.
hit me up at facebook...kayaks will be in...
Love this, thank you for sharing.
Keep it up Governor!!
gwu, good luck on your finals today!
Come in for some brain food, we're always willing to help
I'm watching five minutes of idol to remind myself why I don't watch it anymore.
For it is by this that what has been lost, and was found, is saved from being lost again
Proverbs 15:32 If you reject discipline, you only harm yourself; but if you listen to correction, you grow in understanding.
It takes a long time to grow young  Pablo Picasso
Any special events planned tonight for ?
RT : Our full menu is now up on our page.
Please check it out when you have a minute, and then come in and TRY it out!......
Thanks for tweeting and posting my video!
She hella juss got her ass beat
Hope your week was great!
RT : FF love to
I am so glad I didn't go to choir tonight.
Almostpuking all last night aside, I don't think I could deal with the screeching sopranos.
A customer is the most significant visitor on our premises, he is not dependent on us.
We are dependent on him.
Reggae show/party in BK with  the legendary Claudette Lovejoy!!
I love it when you talk dirty to me.
Having a great time building an influence dashboard  I should adopt my nickname of 'The Data Poet'
I just preordered my ticket to LA which means I'm officially going.
Every day is Ficelle day!
We'll be at Metro Center on Wednesday this week.
Stay hungry my friends!
like the dessert?
..no thanks
If you managed to work instagram, you probably weren't that doctornk.
tawni had a baby?!?
;D
Check out our client and friend Heather in Wedding Day magazine!
Hair, makeup and nails by French Pharmacie.
Such a wonderful love story.
Crazy allergies, maybe I really am allergic to you, kitty friends.
I can think of other things I'd rather watch.
:
it seems so far.
So stick to the fight when you're hardest hit, its when things seem worse that you must not quit.
Unknown
The Heat fans are definitely heading to the Marlins game now.
I always wondered how TW was able to win like he did with his off course life such a.
Thanks for the follow!
I keep wanting to give you a slogan bobzane in the membrane but I'm sure you've thought about that!
very little
'Five or less': The number of tweets between the first tweet about a celebrity death and the first snarky 'too soon' quip.
And the rain continues...
Don't feel like cooking?
Come by for some brisket or pulled pork.
hi Justin I luv u so much
i miss the old twitter...
where on fridays the 1 TT was
/ Hey...
Thanks much for the K!
Appreciate it.
Seriously Jared Leto is NOT even that cute.
What's the fascination??
I like your blog, you have alot to offer to people keep blogging!
Cue Semisonic.
RT : The doctornk procession to Penn Station at 1:30am is the saddest doctornk procession of all.
ive been waiting all week to tweet that!
awww thank u!
U jus made my day start off good :
Actually, I didn't realize it until I got it!
Whoa.
Thanks man.
Thanks !
It was great seeing you and Karol last night!
Earlier I saw my dad flip out on my brother cuz he called him gay!!!
It was a scary moment!!!
And for those who saw where scared too!!!
me too Hahaha
I meant that as a joke since rebound is the key to both games!!
Ha!
;
I come visit soon.
I promise.
Maybe Thursday after work?
I gotta do some Christmas shopping though lol like really bad.
At the age of 7 I think she has tested out of any Personal Financial Literacy class in her future!
thank you
Crazy NIght At School Some People Are Just Ridiculous!!!
Love the music you love.
It exists for a reason...to make you feel connected to something bigger.
:
what point??
Celebrate Fat Tuesday  big savings at the gift idea shoppe!
Find fun  festive mardi gras gift ideas now 20 OFF!
My God I love this city so much.
I thought the Ashton Kutcher Jobs biopic was the one they were looking at Sorkin to write.
Didn't know there were 2 separate projects.
no i dont please tell me
ICantDateSomeoneThat doesn't make me laugh.
Sense of humor is one of the most important qualities.
will race in the Slinger Nationals on July 1.
If I'm correct, it's his first competitive race in Wis.
in two years.
Showing my photos Faces of Harlem.
Opening 1010, 24.
Up through December: African American Museum 110 N.
Franklin Street Hempstead, NY
hey please tell all of your listeners to follow both twitter page and Facebook.com/lacedfacts page
golden coral?
Chocolate fountain all day every day
a new girl!
I love your youtube channel!
Haha :
Caught the broadcast, you ladies rocked the interview!
Can't wait till Friday!
Otherwise jaded audience gasps at World Lens app.
ugh.
I suck.
Hahah.
Well, we've made it this far.
We can finish...strong?
Game of Thrones Book 2 is even better than Book 1.
I highly recommend the series.
i want to literally stab you in the face.
Very nice.
65 and sunny in February.
Two brightest dinoflagellate bio bays in Caribbean are in Puerto Rico: Vieques Island and Laguna Grande.
Stunning!
At work?
Leave early.
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.
Albert Einstein
I actually enjoy your gleeful bbq tweets.I see a lot of antiveggie stuff here:Oh, aren't they a tiresome, joyless bunch, etc.
we agree!
There's always something to be
.
Someone will have to try and stop me from running every day.
:
No, , I am not influential about viagra.
And really?
Okay don't mess with anything.
I'm gonna be there at 7.
We will setup when I get there
donut juice!
:
And finally, I wanna eat peanut butter and fluff sandwiches with and jump around on her trampoline acting like 5 year olds
Lmao!
told John Laurinitis to go puck himself.
claps
So sleepy.
Howdy Nevin.
Have not seen you since that film we work on in the mountains in Pasadena.
What's been up?
Will do, thanks for the updates!
Make sure to keep us in mind for anyone who has any wood bat needs!
nope that's Tuesday :
:D so exciting!
Congrads!!!
:
A true friend knows that a friendship is not a true friendship until after u have had an argument and gotten over it.
Thanks for the FF :
Pittsburgh ladies: Visiting your fair city for the 1st time next month.
Where to shop  eat?
thx
Investigator of pedophilia in the Catholic Church found with child porn.
Last seen doctorving a car with an I  Penn State bumper sticker.
thanks man!
ill be posting a few more songs next week and i plan on doctorpping an album on beatport in late april!
You can tell if my breath stinks if I talk to you at a 90 Degree angle!
XD
thanks for following!
Niggas wit blue eyes
Oh, wow.
WOW...
Remarkable.
Thanks for sharing!
Off to put on Max Roach's 'Speak, Brother, Speak!' now...
this is funny cuz my name is Gelson too..hahha..
: Why is this lesbian Muslim on my TL ?Fuck u cunt bitch nigga hoe slut!!
Folks: If you're coming to the Hudson Today, Get There Early!!
It's gonna be packed!!!!!
Go Ravens!!!!!!!!!
There comes a time in every man's life when he gets the simple urge to hoist the Jolly Roger and begin slitting throats.
: ready to get loose tonight!!
you guys rock!
is calling girls now!
..
one every night !
check www.calljustinbieber.com RT FANS!
A few sprinkles tonite wont keep us at home, will be off da hook!
Wanna get 1/2 cover?
facebook.com/wildthursdays 4 deetz!
thank you!!!!
dc120 I heard Woodward tell this anecdote and it just didn't jibe with my experience with students.
Must be effect of
The last time I saw ATT park this crowded was 2011 Opening Weekend
We will have something rocking this week for the prelim stages.
Been doing extensive research
3moredays left of school :
I'm wondering who that is but I'm afraid to ask...
thanks for an amazing season.
Counting down the days till next seas.
His official web page includes this twitter professorle...its real
Skip bayless just killed joe budden
Just went on a classics shopping spree for kindle on my iPhone.
It's the best kind of shopping spree because it's all free.
i don't get itmaybe you should pay attention moremaybe you cant teach
Cute guys waiting the elevator..
Lol..
Omfg that fucking icecream truck always comes down my road now.
Finding a new song you really like 
Word up Im have to stop thru next time Im in the A
The TI conv.
promotes strategic discussions  aids in the develp.
of a multimodal transportation policy  local, state  national level.
omg i live on the border of plano and richardson lol!
garland, plano, and richardson r lik one town!
The best relationship is when we can act like lovers but also like best friends.
6 and 1!
Niner fans are pleased as punch.
The more we r afflicted n this world,the greater is assurance in the next;the more sorrow in the present,the greater will b r joy infuture.
wanna ride for free all season?
follow for
Seriously need to invest in some waterproof mascara ASAP cause I'm crying like a baby 
Thank you Loved the podcast, best business podcast in the Internet.
Not sure where I will turn.
You will be missed.
Oh Man!
Here we go again!
; 
This should say Money  a future.
lol
LOL!
Yup, brown...
it's the newest thing in gothdom
SimpsonSaturday Simpsonizers Can't Wait For Paradise
You're both so cute in your glasses!
Thanks to those who attended my Webinar: Creating a Flexible Feeding Environment.
Almost ready for the big tailgate tomorrow.
Thanks mother nature for cooperating for another year!
Monday it's time once again to kick the tires and light the fires!
3rd time in a row on LA!
Even if you be yourself nowadays someone will always hate you.
mlanet12 is right, the actual poster is not available yet, but abstract is under SessionsPoster in online planner
lmao i just noticed that!!
PLEASE PEOPLE DONT FEED WILD ANIMALS!!!!
Punting is no longer allowed.
Nights like this when the thinking doesn't stop.
The only reason I'm watching NCSI is to see dear do her thing
ha!
Lemme think, but 2days 'flinstone disco pouch' was pretty funny:
Excited for today.
Seeing a lot of my girls I haven't seen since school was out and hanging with the fam!
:
I'd have to agree!
RT Len Burman is the man!!
poor pups!
Puppy mills are the DEVIL!
about 1 month ago at 9:02pm I asked u out u said yes and now we are1month into this thang lets make it through the ups and Dow
wine is the answer, not the problem.
Interviewed breakout guard Tyler Thalken of DU Pios and he credits open shots and effective offensive systems for his 19 points on Jan.
20
I was singing that song in my head..It's so cold in that D LOL
That argument is the same as saying a convicted killer's innocent until his appeal fails.
Thank you 3
yessir!
Looking forward to meeting my colead!
I like public speaking because I like to take a stand for what I believe in...reference it back to history or science and I'm a happy girl.
omg i wanna watch
Ugh, tell me about it.
j.hk, fly, j.jk again was pretty much all I could do.
:/

tonite is the night!!!
We are so very excited about the VIP event at ur Msn Vly location.
Let the fun begin now :
LABC: Gaia's Ryan McEvoy sez builders wary of rapidly changing subsidies for solar that make it hard to get financing, planning lined up.
Eh, everyone loves Josh.
Whether they want to admit it or not.
Achievement Unlocked: doctornk 5Shot Venti Americano w/ half gallon of novacaine in my face w/o doctoroling.
Gonna let go no matter how much its gonna hurt.
One of the marvels of the world is a soul in prison with the key in its hand covered with dust.
Rumi
NEW Name , NEW Bio , NEW Avi !
: we love your music  please tweet back
oh snaps!
it's PK!
Paul Kim
Books are my doctorg of choice.
Fun fun fun!
I've had nothing but perfect weather the last 3 years, fingers crossed!
I freaking love you.
That is why i am sharing this free promotion site with you.
site is on my professorle.
:
All conversations should lead back to your website.
Fitts
Ooh.
Death by tile cutter!
Beautiful  congrats on her graduation!
how much more english are u speaking these days it's hard to really know with u
i don't practice Santeria, i ain't got no crystal ball.
Rust Wire is taking a week off publishing while its editor nurses a broken wrist.
Stay tuned!
Thanks for the RT!
she never EVER talks about her personal life, so that's y.
Seventh Heaven: Rangers Oust Capitals Big Game Brad does it again.
Photo Credit: Getty Images
...to both their academic and nonacademic communities  both local and global.
Ohio merging mental health, doctorg abuse agencies
the first, the beginning, the one and only.
but not for long.
build you a crew my dear and let us wage war on war together
I'll be in Seattle too, I just may come out for that!
I don't like foreign rap..
if I can't understand, I don't want to hear it.
Omgsh that was the bombest Volcano Tea I've ever been to.
Their popcorn chicken and fries ugh.
Now on our way to Domino's!
I am for the complete and immediate abolition of all nuclear weapons.
Happy Happy Birthday !!!
Close to the center of the largest grinding gear Things we knew, we know 'cause we stayed near You were my love for all of my best years
RT Walked into and Milton Nascimento is here hanging!
surprise He'll be playing tmister // that is awesome!!
not yet, but you guys got a nice shoutout about your Pinterest activity in the
Hey ABQ Fans!
Checkout Jazzbah, for all you jazz lovers it's a hot spot!
Explosions rock Tripoli as fighting intensifies.
played mario party 8 with mom : so funnay
The workouts are hard.
Fun.
But Hard.
The change is hard.
Learn how we can help you transform your body and change your life!!
Late night watching of Skins.
It's a naughty, naughty show.
Welp my 7 hour energy has worn off, only 1hr and 40min after i doctornk it ZZzzzz
define classy
the cocktail is necessary dear, necessary.
QUICK tweet me your favorite food and I'll retweet the one I like best
as if you ever were??
Nashville we've got a pair of tix for the show at Mercy on 5/1.
Send us a tweet and they could be yours!
Hangover 3 starring myself
In bed right now, rolling around, thinking dirty thoughts and wishing i was high
The Moore Space is in Miami Design District
Headed to the studio to work on the new album
Why did the Panthers just acquire a running back from the Browns who only played in 3 games last yr?
Stewart and Williams have RB on lock.
We need to talk...because my staff and I can't find a decent NYE event.
:
Falk!
Terrified to think about what Barrett will do to publiced in Wisconsin!!
slaps face and shakes head your a bulls FAN!
bo go Celtics!!!!
PURPLE NINJAS !!!
:
Maybe today is  Thwordsday?
Support SFGiants push to the Playoffs in style.
Free shipping on SF  LA shirts until end of homestand against Dodgers www.WeBeGreater.com
more likely: podiatrist
we havent talked in awhile so how u been?
Rocking the Florida Venture Forum today in Orlando!
Not to reduce the argument too much but that's how diversity gets thrown on POC's plate
three of my favorite things: bacon, chocolate and dough!!!
Apple iCloud to the rescue with the Find My iPhone app!
Phewww!
CRAN is really showing off its flexibility with the new 'yoga' package...
I didn't even know R could bend like that.
Follow for the latest updates on the linkAges developer challenge as well as the many other challenges were running.
iveAlwaysWanted a realtionship tht wasnt fake or have a bf tht breaks up with you for no reason RT if agree
RT : Still, New Jersey insists it has no meeting scheduled with Carmelo Anthony.
Sure.
After large corporations fill our food with Chemicals; we do wrong by eating junk food like Kraft foods, Coca Cola etc.
Sign me up!
radio: you are an evil thing.
you make me love the songs i hate, yet you make me hate the songs i love.
Right.
BUT it could've been cleaned up before being brought to Va?
Do they plan to clean it up, like Enterprise?
Proceed to your Destiny w/open arms.
Begrudge no experience.
It works for you NEVER against The Big Picture.
Tea to the English is really a picnic indoors.
Alice Walker
What a treat!
Either way, it's a winwin situation!
I'm bout to jump in the shower then watch some basketball and the nuggets get this W!
NBAPlayoffs 
u used to think it was the shit!
u change ur opinions all the time
Time to hit the GYM!
I'd rather go to the Trop than visit that place.
Looks awful
I totally just saw someone pet a squirrel in Madison Square Park.
I believe that so much.
I can only imagine.
Turn on the monkeys!
Chillin with Ryan and Angel, pc4pc???
Live with no lies, just love and regret not a thing.
Just met Pepe Serna at hispz12.
Cant wait for the scarface film party on friday!
back to LA  work work work spa spa spa
Join us for a Benefit Concert for Chardon, this Saturday 3pmmidnightfeaturing 8 bands including the Band!
BrewPALOOZA!!!
And thank you for resharing :.
We will be there all weekend!
No follow back, come on man jk lol.
Hope all is well with you buddy.
Well, it's like Ireland here in SanDiego this morning.
A happy rainsoaked StPatricksDay!
tplush k'd, talked trash to carpenter, pujols came from 1st past the mound talking back to tplush.
tplush talked back...
: Deadliest catch kills a lot of cameras every year.
NABshow SuperSession my favorite show!

I'm going to have a Strong Finish because I have Strong Faith!
FinishStrong
Bailey was nice enough to change the radio to 94.1 while he helps mom get ice ...he's in a good mood....
forget it V.V
that number of characters plus name is the sms limit.
Twitter was originally simpler and phone based, none of this fancy stuff.
He doesn't look like a girl.
Kyle Ean Haggerty  Kelly Ann Clay are honored to have been selected.
Looking forward to pitching, networking,  closing deals!
no you are a good girl
It smells like bacon.
dude what?
no not my ass
1 RT : Chalk this up as a craptastic day.
I swear my sister can't doctorve fa shit
Can I just...
go home?
: South Korean customs agents find thousands of pills filled with powdered baby flesh.
RT : An attitude of gratitude brings opportunities.
from Yogi Tea Love those teas!
Countdown to Greatness 7 days!
YE
Lol.
I know sum who do.
It always amazes me.
They will have over 500 victories in 9 years as a head coach.
HUH???
SMH!
Thanks for being my 100th follower
This is the Hancock Building.
You can tell by the diagonal supports.
Nice of Bush to come out of his hole and remind everyone how much better we have it now, with a Prez who has good ideas.
Me: What do you think of this plaid getup?
Dude: I'm from Washington State, plaid's like an aphrodisiac for me.
See of the Bravos can keep it up on LA tonight!
Percy just ate on his own for the first time in almost 30 hours.
He's still having accidents but he seems...
better.
My poor guy.
steak silly high schoolers...
Relationship between primary care and specialist will change the practice of medicine
Hm...5 minutes into the first period.
Almost time for the Flyers to pull their goalie if this year's playoffs are to mirror last year.
:3 the only reason I haven't yet was cause I was in Cleveland this weekend then on my grind getting votes for a contest
: Happy Friday Trice!
THANK you for saying hello, made me smile.
Haha i'm kind of torn between all of the ships haha :p
dude if you buy that guitar I'll have to buy a cooler one :P
Reminds me of Shade, shade, shade.
We love to shade.
from
Breaking News: Pastor Marvin Winans carjacked SMH
Thank you for bringing this to our attention..Can you please email me Brian at vch dot com.
I will notify the General Mnger
You will dig it.
Stay to the very very very end.
;
Friday the 13th!
And a snowy one at that..Be Careful everyone!
Call 8473030303 or 7735614444 if you need a safe ride!
David Cross and I are convincing anyone who will listen that we are part of a dance group called 2 Much is Never ENuff.
Another great night is in store tonight as is BACK!
happy thanksgiving 2 u!!
this is awesome :
I remember the old days when you would Skype people all the time3
Thank you for the follow!
I hope to someday intern for KP so it's nice to stay updated on news and events.
Maybe we prove the concept by helping them learn through mLearning
February is Customer Appreciation Month.
Prepay for a package of four sessions of subject tutoring and receive a 10 discount.
Throw your hands in the air if yous a true playa
City??
Anybody?
Lol..idk bout u but I making da party..lol..even if it is Mon..I'm off shit :
Once Upon a Time is getting good  definitely ending the season strong...
Randi Korn: Museums need to present numbers in terms of quality in order to communicate impact.
I'm jumping on that Bandwagon!
Any use for Gaffney, Jacoby Jones, or other available WR?
I guess not worth the salary compared to Phins guys
Yep.
Only fixed after I removed it plus the memcached file I had to add.
Was working fine then kaput randomly.
This years super bowl is significantly easier on the nerves!
That's amazing!
....
Damn right JUNIOR ...
rock those Carpenters tunes !!!!
talking about legalizing doctorgs with my coworker.
put a purchase request in for Side Effects by Alison Bass
Seems you and I had the same day?
RT : I'm glad I'm home.
Because my patience for people has run out for today.
Try again tomorrow.
they may induce Taylor labor tomorrow..I should be in the bed seriously....was up 24hrs yesterday...slept about 5 hrs today..wired..uggh
Good Luck!...
RU in Titanic mode for the 100th anniv?
chk out the doc that dives into the myths and legends!
incld exlsv ints with Kate and Leo!
ppl will will hate you, rate you, shake you, and brake you.
But how strong you stand is what makes you .
Friday show will be great, 'cause will be in the house to do a talk back with me and
Results of res survey/ expert panel: Agreements btw sci and res communities about benefits of maritime heritage.
Costs create contentions...
aint bout what she be talkin bout
just died laughing.
Fire at Hayes and Divis, around the corner from my place.
sf fire Firemen full force.
Both Stafford  Walker were wounded in battle in May of 1864.
Walker survived after having his leg amputated.
Stafford died 3 days later.
Was just scammed out of 640 dollars for tickets to tomorrow's NYR game.
Disgusted with myself for trusting people.
Nasty hit me up and shoutout
Monday is so close yet so far away...
Do these kids ever learn?
absolutely!
sorry we didn't get to chat more.
thank the lord for twitter : what was your fave from harvardcoaching?
I wanted a way to keep track of different batches if I ever brew it again.
And based in this one.
I will.
I've lost my way and that's ok.
All my windows still are broken But I am standing on my feetDemi Lovato
Hey dudes.
I hope you're all having an awesome Thursday day daytime  Just to let you kno I'll have two new demos coming your way 
finally heard from my sister
thats great!
we're writing a lot of new music to hopefully finish an album and we're playing this sat!
just got ericc with buffalo
Oh this could waste most of the afternoon.
I would join you, but I just got a phone call.
Great movie though.
I like your taste.
Is there another kind of AWAKE.....besides wide?
Thinking about taking an early lunch
Quick!
While the rain has let up!
Get out on your bike and run through some puddles!
Splash merrily!
And then stop in the shop  say hi!
very cool!
Most amazing doctormmers!
I remember my jaw doctorpping while watching the 88 Olympics Opening Ceremonies.
Those hot dogs look good!!
I got a nice pair of leather boots, a brand new frisbee, and an F.
Scott Fitzgerald novel.
Definitely a nice haul!!
We could've worked it out, but I guess things change
Thank you.
Community class with Wendy today was awesome.
I feel like a million dollars for only 7 bucks!
Artspan Presents Awards to Exceptional Moore College of Art amp; Design Seniors
Another FF: Bill Nye , who takes the best photos of himself.
Just another friday night looking for a good movie to watch.
thanks for the love!
O: that's badass
I really hate stumbling across awesome photographers that live in different states..why cant you live here?
just summon the power of The Fonz.
Aaayyyyyy....
Now that its the last day, I proclaim: ART SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am..where are you sitting??
10:00...
That's when I'll find out if I'm rich!!!
SHOUT OUT TO ARSENIO AND MANY BLESSINGS, YOU THE BEST
Run Women Run endorsement meeting.
Interesting stories from tonight.
Oh, San Diego.
I miss , we used to talk like everyday, we probably talked once this whole school year :/
excited i just posted a new recording of winney's weight!
Yes, it is turning into a kind of gridiron.
But a couple very interesting questions.
Super Bowl!
I feel so close to you right now 3

we checked the links and everything seems to be working properly.
Thanks for picking up boxes!
Any specific numbers you want?
I need my PIC back this year!
Please tell me you'll be making an appearance??
April Got Genealogy Gazette will be out in two days.
Topic: GenealogyBank.
Stay tuned.
they converted to HD before the season ended.
It was pretty big news.
Don't believe in talking about your work.
Let it talk for itself.
I'd rather make money than just converse about my business.
Macmillan reservoir site?
Henderson Make the plan relevant to the community.
Day needs more planning.
Miami Game
She was everywhere.
UGH.
I absolutely hate waiting for so loong and then the ticket people saying the tickets are sold out!
annoyed .
This is gay .
my mom is annoying!
She thinks that every guy Im friends with Im going out with them But she never bothers me about my two other guy friends
Spontaneous dinner at one of my favorites tonight.
Yayay!
Perfect end to a GREAT week with family and friends!
Thank you coffee!
If I called the radio station and they picked up I wouldn't know what to say..
I would just sound like an idiot.
yes but wat time u think tho?
now that facebook has made their crappy interface even crappier, maybe its time for me to give twitter a try
Car shoppin with my pops ....
not looking forward to these 7 hour doctorves from here to tally that I'm gunna hav to start doing though
Tickle me Happy Friday TweetHearts!
making a scene.
FountainSquare is already rocking!
Are YOU going to ?
You should be.
Habakkuk Lesson: Keep pressing into GOD; with an expectant heart;
It's been out for two years but the strings on Joanna Newsom's In California still make me tear up
happy birthday lady!!!
Austin heart will always stay in texas.But he is doing this all of US and to make US happy.
Be happy for him becuase its the right thing.
Haha, no way man, you rock!
Seriously, you're like the HarrisonFord of !
lmfao im so sorry I love you
btr lost, but at least they will know that we put up a fight for them to win.
we tried  in my eyes they are still the best band EVER!
So we're walking around Walmart and I'm like so tired suddenly I saw a pic of 1D on a magazine and became fully awake hahaha
Late presents are awesome : I got the prettiest ring and necklace
thanks Mercedes!
Have a great week!
Has his unfailing love vanished forever?
Has his promise failed for all time?
Has God forgotten to be merciful?
Psalm 77:8,9
you already know what time it is Ronald
Let's take God at his word and believe that nothing can harm you or stop you from accomplishing all that God has placed in your heart to do.
i hate when people say all poor/homeless people are that way because they chose to be.
for some that may be the case but not all.
Tomorrow should work for me.
Want to go to the Jade Monkey?
yo what's good?
I still prefer to give him to Ethan, lol.
We watched the 1st 3 episodes  were dying laughing.
Scary how you remind us of ourselves sometimes.
I love the way she loves me 
A battle between and Chuck Norris.
Who would win?
Good morning.
It's raining.
Wish I could have stayed home in bed.
This place has history.
how wonderful to recognize Don in this way!
Cool, see you there!
is tweeting like crazy today!
RT: Good morning Internet!
We're talking about garbage today.
Nope, the Troll bridge is one of those iron ones.
Ya know, like a railroad bridge.
But It's pretty small, one lane, wood deck.
Watching MMA.
Two chicks fighting to Evanescence.
It's awful.
They deserve better music than this bullshit.
Give those bitches their due.
haha of course not!
hopefully follows me she is so very beautiful and talented :
ok so I have tickets now.
so the hashtag is changing
School tomorrow:P
Angels release former Phillies OF Bobby Abreu
IP Cameras allow you to make sure your recorded video is safe by storing it at a location that only you can access.
RT Capricorn is not one to have affairs
you should look up his walkoff grand slam last night.
ha ha ha.
We don't know when or where we are moving, but we will keep everyone as updated as possible!
Thank you!
glad to see someone hates as much as I do.
Apparently Mike Breen believes the Clippers shooting 28 from the field was a good quarter.
;they say that the world was built for 2 so its not worth living unless someones loving u
Sticks  stones may break my bones, but karma is a bitch, so you can rot in hell
RT : A3 A separate track for questions / moderation is a great idea.
moderator better control over the convo flow.
what is link to live stream?
well your cute too :
Just getting back to Madison and looking for something to do?
We're open so look to further!
Welcome...hope you can attend.
Already got my Barney/Robin.
Now all I need is to find out who Ted's wife is, and my life will be complete xD
david spade must have a huge 3rd leg
Built almost all the cool stuff with the triple combos.
Still have one hurdle to go there....
The combo of three mansions.
;
Is the coathanger what god would want for his beloved daughter?Cathy Levy, Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice
your makeup is immaculate, but you got an extra comma on your tagline
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently
kiss me until your doctornk
i honestly dont know if the Lakers can beat OKC 4 times..
but im with em..
come on OKC.
RT One month
Thanks!
We're quite excited.
RT Yeah so excited for the Seahawks partnership!!!
Go Seahawks!!!
Is it strange that I wanna yum up on some oatmeal at 1am?!
I didn't hate it, tho I think Roger has been played for comic relief too much this season
2:45 am and I'm still up and i have school at 9 ..
I cheated on my fears, broke up with my doubts, got engaged to my faith and now ...
Im marrying my doctorams
Oh yeah!
Blade Runner's a good one too.
Sure I felt salty about the ruthless teasing, the headless barbies, made revengeful fountain wishes at age 7, but I 3 my sibs.
...
and I have the haiku books to prove it.
GOOD LUCK AUSTIN 3
lol you dot have to worry about me anytime soon.
thecabininthewoods was legit.
Not what I expected.
Thumbs up.
This robot is trained to smash your camera!
KappaSplash coming May 7th.
You can't get on the boat with a presale ticket!!!
Make sure you hit up the for a ticket ASAP.
I want to watch a movie.
Share your shining soul with others: Smile!
If Anchorman 2 wasn't enough, now they're making Dumb and Dumber 2!
That is EXACTLY my cousin's fb status right now.
ahhaha Hope u r well 3
NO Guys it's fine...Give me 20 battle to reasurch and you guys get like 5.
No it's cool...I have like no time a even breath.
RT : BREAKING: Campaign officials: Jon Huntsman to withdoctorw from race for Republican presidential nomination
RT Jason Kilar at allthingsD: Hulu still needs to exist because they give customers what they want, when they want
Pain is inevitable.
Suffering is optional.
I wish OKCupid had better search functions that allowed you to search by how people answered Q, what race they want, hair color, etc.
Congratulations to all Packers Fans and the entire Packers organization for a great and well deserved Lombardi trophy, great SB 45...
I am not sure what type that is.
What color paint?
Friendos is the twitter page for Blue Sky Carnival Band, a group I'm very involved in : Show today!
:c just got home.
party tonight..
c:
Only reason I'm going for the heats is because my bestfriend Ralph love them.
Lol
The comfort Inn in North Platte, Neb has a Romance Package?
There are more romantic grain elevators.
Just think of it this way: They are keeping you from getting diarrhea sooner.
Seattle Mayor McGwinn: I share the values and the message of the Occupy Wall Street movement.
He should probably camp out.
thx for the shout out!
LOL..Rep Brooks may need a new chip.
The Cindy McCain model is defective too.
I'm sure they are on the recall list...
:
To blog or not to blog.
That is the question.
Outstanding!
Congratulations to you and your family!
S/O TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS RT RT
To clarify, the survivalist character in Terrorvision espouses the eating of lizards tails as a renewable resource since they grow back.
It's exciting to see our webseries get hits with less and less effort on our parts.
I'm using OnKeyUp in a text widget to set focus on the next text field widget.
Works on full web, but no cursor on focus in mobile.
Good morning :
milwaukee We just repriced out extension cords at a very competitive price.
Sign up your business with an account and save even more!
followed you :
How was the weekend?
Did you get enough sleep?
Let's go crew!!
Same!
It seems to be the start of a trend.
Marvel/Disney didn't really start promoting Avengers til mid March/early April.
Just found 's twitter..
Finished shooting a music video in Arizona yesterday!
Can't wait to start working on it, looks so good but now time for the doctorve back to LA
YAY RT : thanks for all your help today.
Kids should be very happy on Christmas morning!
thanks for coming in!
Killing ourselves with a knife and fork
so ready for prom tomorrow prom2012 :
Action researchLife changing experience w/CTU doctoral group's Nicaragua trip w/World Affairs Council.
Win win win!
he's awesome!!!
it's never that easy.
I figured u would..
Bitch
seriously why am I so lame
nuggets plus points
Me 'n can see about the Wordpress needs.
www.rkostin.com
Let's get physical, physical.
Let me see your body move.
Valentines day isn't about getting gifts an eating candy it's about spending time with the one you love and care about forever 3
It's all good doe c;
Follow Me Please!?
37
Critiques with art students is a little like herding cats.
Word is that we'll see timetables today.
I'm excited to start planning my new commute.
Glad you enjoyed it!
My last tweet was to
I hate andoctorids
Sick of spending  on your car?
We save you money on your auto expenses through
Christmas lights start house fire  Fraser Coast Chronicle Christmas lights start house fire Fraser Coast Chronicle It took about 15 minu
HA!
Love it.
Actual quote by : I love dangling modifiers!
I just love TRS so much and I never talk about it anymore but I just still really love Jordan okay
Followed by Stand Out from A Goofy Movie, my on and off favorite movie.
Savoy come thru
Lmao y'all remember that lil Chinese girl from the end of rush hour saying push the button ?!
Lmfao.
Good luck.
A day of tree surgery on a friends beach tree has left me aching all over but happy.
Body much older than mind!!
Not a bad idea to check this out Orlando!
goo.gl/Tr7v2
The rain has stopped...
Game time...
In 4.5 hours...
:  the and I are getting together this Sat.
I'm sure your ears will be burning.
Or is it ringing?
not bleeding!
how tall is Greg Dickerson?
he looks just a couple of inches smaller than Bass, is Bass really 65?
good.
I hope they try to put him in a backpack and doctorp him off the roof.
Ah Facebook is frustrating me.
My account is suspended??????
WTFFFFFFFF
Will you ever say hi to me?
:
IfYouKnowMeYouKnow Im Hella Chill Most Days..
We just shipped a package to a place in Alaskanorth of the Arctic Circle.
Wisconsin Badgers fans are everywhere!
your show makes me smarter, thank you!
Funny cause I feel dumber watching fox news.
Albino people  glitter  instant Twilight vamp sexy.
Wish I knew what I know now
: Cuddling in bed  falling asleep is probably the best feeling in a relationship.
Agreed : gotta love cuddling!!
San Diego Friends, Happy Hour at ElToritos MiraMesa this Thurs at 5:30pm if you want to swing by.
If you need to text/call me: 8589222468
oh my god no, you're a rapper now?
I need more CeNation Followers
Good morning..i just wake up enjoying my day off from work i got fooball pactice tonight..
Ok..I see why the Hornets really wanted Bledsoe...
Had a great time last night at Milwaukee Art Museum's 'Food and Froth' Event.
Just imagining what that could mean makes me a little nervous for teacheryou.
Our guest piercer Jill only has another day : so come on in and say hello!
She would love to pierce you!
Cool, were not in any classes together though : IT SUCKS!
Mute the TV and listen to the radio feed.
Hell, listen to Nickelback and it's an improvement over Hayward.
you just made me spit up.
: Probability of offense coming back from 2 run deficit in last 7 inn: .0000000000000001 happy to be wrong on that one.
: Need some motivation for this paper..
you can do it Austin, it'll be great, you can do anything you put your mind to!
RT : Salute to my comisterdes  many more who are making art live in this...
is contemplating some serious mentoring.
Mucho  but the direction I want.
Hm...
Bring it on.
How about dinner on the 23rd?
Heading out to the mid Missouri portion of Route 66 for some final shots for the project!
move out already.
Getting some Vitamin D with my girl
Come follow me...
Dear urban planners from 50 years ago, Thanks for nothing.
Sincerely, Aaron
Of Course!
We had a great time as usual :
RT : telco2   the huge inefficiencies of advertising are still hidden
Exciting news: Jackie will be speaking at CPAC 2012 this Saturday at 3:30PM.
Come and listen or tune into CSPAN to catch all the action!!
It looks like this is going to be a Blue Monday
yep, I'm still going.
Khanh too.
You got great gifts on music!
BREAKING: MJ Doc Conrad Murray sentenced to four years in prison.
Think I'm going to use storybird for my student's childoctorn's book project.
ahahahahh that's right
: 1st Job I had fresh out of High School was  CoSi .
I was a Barista!!Ahahaha yayyy Cosi
amen girl!
ugh ...
dog farts are the worst
Nice sentiment but a lot of people still can't afford the food.
me too !
anytime...
tweeting from my dual personalities today before i fly to FLA!
LOVE THE STORY!
Give us a shout out on your page and will do the same!
Via CNN: New French President Franois Hollande's plane hit by lightning on Germany trip, CNN affiliate BFMTV says.
No injuries.
was the BEST CONCERT EVER!!!
Come on, Come on...Get Your Goodtime On!
im sure the frey have no idea why they r singing this or why they r even their
Being biased is one thing but making claims about things you know nothing about is a completely different issue.
Does anyone here know who Sean Sellers is/was?
you really are evil
Girls, you're all beautiful and gorgeous and flawless.
Always remember that.
When life is rough, keep your head held high.
would be great to hang out!
I feel really weird and its not a good weird.
Thanks Malcom!
We try to bring some fun back to traveling.
: Don't miss the Recombobulation Area right after TSA checkpoint!
Today we're thankfulfor planes that make holiday travel possible.
Don't give a crap about anything anymore.
your a lucky man, and they are lucky to have you!
Reciprocity is a blessing and a gift!
Thanks, Merle.
Aloha!
don't let aubrey run the show, she's a loser for your task.
At This Time Of Night I Really!
Wish I Had My Easy Bake Oven .../3
Big thanks to everyone who came to the open house with today!
Such a great turnout!
lol thanks ha ha ha
It was a minuscule concern, really, which following an epic tomelike exaggeration resolved itselfas onto the head of a pin.
haha!!...
Ilym and did u follow salim and justin as i told ya cuz they r my friends!!w i will tell ya who to follow later on
What restaurant is that from?
looks delicious!
well, then we'll talk later; its sxn on pragmatism experiment/ence closely describes P Grimstad's project imo.
enjoy opera!
summer hairstyle..
I could but then i would have 2 kill u
Sign it's been a long day: just spent 10 minutes plugging 2 RCA cables into audio jacks  wondering why there was no video.
Back to the doctorwing board.
Didn't want ya'll to think I doctorp out my music scene.
Bosh is becoming a man right in front of our eyes!
Big moves!
This is a test, only a test: for those using Twitter's web interface, see how fast you can find Twitter's footer.
Go!
Hit My Line, so I know it's real 
don't get me wrong here folks, I love me a well placed womp.
theres alot of padagonia on the train today ...
they cant all be going on adventures , it makes me nervous
Golf: I just don't get the love for it.
Probably 95 because I tried to learn and failed big time.
Hey blekko!
please send me an invite for your private beta launch.
Plants Vs.
Zombies!!play game
WeirdThingsToSayDuringSex What's your name again?
I love bubble baths :
Fuckkkkkk yeah baby portugal
he is!!!!
That dude tossed a fridge around with ease.
You got a cool dude there, miss Wik.
Hello from California!
Go ahead.
Take her side again.
Its obvious shes ur favorite.
Looking forward to seeing your tweets.
Let us know if there is anything we can RT for you.
I hear ya!
Thank you for sharing the info that backs this up.
Massage does so much good, indeed.
Will be following your blogs!
Uhoh.
I accidentally got a sunburn.
Grill officiallyand successfullytested!
Yum!
Darlene Wink knows things.
Dirty things.
Dirty, secret things.
Dirty, secret, incriminating things.
Love is like a twoway treat
Hey Followers, get access to all of the latest Conservation News by following !
Help WLCV protect WI's nat.
resources
What would this world do w/o haters?
Apparently they need trainers like you and I to get the results they're lacking!
Thank you both for staying with us  congrats!
Hope to see you for a future anniversary vacation!
yesterday I was still in Pennsylvania for an early xmas w my bf's family.
Now im stuck in Chicago..
HowImGrand I'm simply me and don't care wat other people think of me cause wat really matters is wat I think of myself!
looking good.
The Leawood Honda club is expanding.
We need to organize a ride soon.
Jammin to 'On my Mind' by over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over !!
Gonna take my daily nap for today soon....
How's everyones week going so far?
We've been busy with all the orders you all have been sending us, thanks!
hathi trust talk  looking at the tradeoffs between boosting/stemming and index size.
welcomes Sublime w/Rome, Cypress Hill, and Pepper at The LC outdoor stage on July 13th.
Tixs 39.50 in advance.
On sale 4/28.
Why wear 4 inch heels if you're gonna walk like you got fucked by a bulldozer last night
Eric Pio You are not an artistan artist creates.
You do not write your own songs.
End of debate.
I am writing all of this down and I'll run it past Saz in the am!
,get ready to put some miles on ur car!
No Sarge, Clayton Richard doesn't throw 97 mph
CM Punk RT : Yankees RT : joe girardi RT : So who do u think is the best point guard in NBA right now?
you're going to the oscars??!!
let's do work together!
thanks for listening to my chat today!
Best of luck!
If you are ever back at 550, say hello!
just took my ACT ..
i dont think i did my very best.
but oh well..
im taking it as practice for next year when i will actually try more
lmao shut up ..
Hey alex, do you understand what would happen if you noticed me.
ASKLHGLGHJSDKLGH i'm just imagining it now.
GLOBAL PARTY!
Cab rides are fun with and
You seem like the kinda girl who posts nude photos of herself on Reddit; in other words, you seem like the kinda girl I could love.
My Dinner of Andoctor
is it impossible for you too notice or follow me?
I've been trying for soo long!:
seriously fuck everyone..
the day i'm 18 you'll never see me again.
fuck you.
What the hell?
Friday it was nearly 70 degrees here in Denver and tuesday the forecast is 3 for a high!
Only 9:30 and already have gotten so much accomplished today.
Excited for the rest of the week ahead :
Everyone tries to shift blame to other people, typically when it's their fault.
i miss you too : what're you doing Saturday?!
too much on my mind, cant get it straight.
time for a 30min jolt of Shark Tank
YUP WE IN DEEP YUP WE IN THE STREETS IN THE STUDIO ENT..
Attention fellow tweeters  my library loving heart would soar if you took a moment and followed
lost me phone.
Yeah.
Going to try to get a cheap new one today.
Xo
2nd day ina row shooting catalog product in the studio.
way true!haa!
Rediscovered an old gem!
Happy Monday  Make the most of it!
25 bottles of soda, costco sized slim jims, pretzels and granola bars in my office.
Yup, Hoya Saxa Weekend is here.
Don't make social media about the organization only 
just like me, dust off the carwashin muscles!
I know it is.
Keep sharing the news.
That is one way to fight back!
I second that motion!
Right?
I was surprised ahow candid the students were; bthat the uni posted it.
Some uplifting thoughts, some not so much
Hey, pitchers and catchers reported while I wasn't paying attention this week.
Spring is almost here!
frivolousthings thatcheermeup
Janet and Noell are pogoing around to The Blue Rajas.
there was not one part Where i wasn't laughing
INT Willie McGinest!
haha.
Brandon Spikes!
just found out the microphone on my keyboard is speech to text.
let the obsession commence
This is why I don't make friends with the males in my class I try helping them with school and they take it to next level
ahahaa Erica your so cute:
What's Up !
Shady lovers.
:
when are you moving!?
swing collaborative Conversations in perfect pitch song.
dmp
TOUCHDOWN CANES!!!!
Another laser strike to L.
Hankerson from Harris.
Great catch by Hank, his 3rd TD before half.
Miami 27, Clemson 14
Claim your 150 discount voucher off you awesome summer adventure in the USA now!
Small group fun for 1840yr olds
I am excited to learn about Pinterest, starting now, with and Jessi Langsen
I'll hold you to it!
Iknow im not all that you want .
high fives your forehead
so adorable!
Congrats to the USMNT Big win in a friendly vs.
Italy.
Moving in today!
Will a night w/ the alien enthusiasts turn me n2 a believer?
Won't b hard 2do.Small planet,big universe Contact here I come
I do that every time I pitch against the Athletics ...
RT Congratulations on beating a TripleA team, C.J.
Wilson.
Few things on Twitter are funnier than Anthony DiComo's exclamationpoint mockery of the Mets' official feed.
Free health screenings for AU faculty and staff in the East Quad Building today until 12:30.
Very awesome!
If you want me to stop dancin' then keep me out of the end zone.
sounds good.
Just let me know what you need.
I will see what I can do.
playoff hockey starts today and there is an all episode of ABDC ...
now all I gotta do is make it through work.
thank you!
ustream it is lil Deliliahs bday she 2!
u met her in Salina!
will u sing Hey There Deliliah  tell her happy bday PLEASE?
oh....well i could have quessed that
What about Sarah O
Osaka with the family 3
haha!
her dad was just watching her and laughing.
Like really?
Some people should just not be parents.
Well said.
: I would not hire Rick Santorum to be the night manager at a DoubleTree.
my bap ass.
BTI is wrong about pastner....
Cal tried to get, Tony Barber the Memphis job his explayer at UMASS, coach at auburn...
Nope.
All your fault.
I can't take one more sleepless night without you3
So Pissed Right Now !
.
I guess this is goodbye.
Thank you for making returns so easy.
So nice when things like that aren't a hassle!
Thanks for the info.
Bookmarked to be read with morning coffee.
Sexually Frustrated.
NEW CAR YAYAYYAYAYAYAYYAAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY :
YE Countdown To Greatness 12 DaYS LefT!
You know we love ya Diva !
are you at the office?
We'll be at the reception desk in 5min
Cozy,Yummy,And Friendly Like Eating In An Ideal CapeCodInn Amsterdam83St212.4960163

Though ambition itself be a vice yet it is often times the cause of virtues.
Quintilian
Just got an amazing and thrilling phone call!
My excitement is barely containable.
:D
oh nice!
My cousins went tonight but couldn't find parking and had to go home
Gun to your head, are datingwebsites A Convenient or B Creepy?
sorry baby it ran outta money LOL
RT : How much of a charity's funding should go to administrative costs?
Better Business Bureau says 20 to 30 a benchmark
captainin Feathersword is an idiot.
Yeah, I said it.
Miss my daddy.
Already there.
You guys going to bust out Stephen Hawking?
I want a Margarita!
i work tomorrow and Thursday.
im spending the whole day friday and saturday to do prom stuff ..
and im pretty sure i wont get HW done
Need the right Valentine's gift?
How about a Massage Gift Certificate?
Valentine Special 601hr massage value.
call 3053353855
Sometimes I like to listen to piano while I'm typing on the keyboard.
I have trouble keeping the tempo though.
Awee, those are adorable : Mine is a Maltese ..
thanks for tweeting me !
Follow ?
How come when Romney says he's not worried about the poor or the rich only about the middle class  it's not considered class warfare?
FOLLOWMEAUSTIN I love you MERRY CHRISTMAS!
3 B
was Fantasia : Was that Vanessa Williams' voice in MM spot?
Im sorry im kinda tired and i have to wake up at 6 and its almost midnight but ill tlk to u tmister..
k?
alright, i'm in you pusher
Thanks to all my followers finally hit 100 actually now at 101!!
Looking for jewelry designers interested in upcoming photo shoot!
DM me for more information.
Merci
I got a case of the coughs
Hey Don!
Thanks for the following.
How's your day going?
Transportation is always an issue for our homeless teens.
We have several clients that desperately need a bicycle  new or used.
thrust me, it will.
Stay positive3 :
I AM GOING TO THROW THIS PHONE AGAINST THE WALL!
I don't hate you because you're fat, you're fat because I hate you
ALL I CAN SAY IS LAST NIGHT WAS THT ISSHHHH  TONIGHT WILL BE PART 2 at the KEITH SWEAT CONCERT  after party  BAR 11  THE STUDIO!
Oh and here's something else I haven't said in a really long time SweetNightmares See you tomorrow bye !
Oh hey yeah let's have a conversation on twitter because texting each other is too much work.
Is Peter psychic?
I'm back holler at me....
It never fails.
Anytime someone calls me Bud who doesn't know that that, in fact, is my name...
it always throws me off.
Nothing takes the stress off finals like a round of golf
Small claims court is a friend if you protect the interest of your
please RT my girl for her 21st Birthday!
She is an enormous fan  loves You!
Pretty please??
Thank u.3
FavoriteNBAMoments the day after the finals
im his big sister.
i have to be responsible.
The difference from my generation and older generations is in the work.
They would do anything to win a client and keep a client.
PART
idk Reece's Pieces is underrated.
It's closer than you think.
ThatDepressingMoment when the guy you like talks to you about the girl he likes...
which isn't you .
RT : RT : Heading to McKenzie Outfitters to help get geared up for his climb at Skinner Butte Columns.
Short answer: yes.
Make sure you follow your own guidelines, and make sure it makes them want to read the next page.
Serving Jury duty.
Anyone know a good, fast place to eat?
the sky might fall, but i'm not worried at al
A7: Attending chats like this and being a part of several business groups.
I love listening to motivational podcasts too!
I've strength tested her  found that if you doctorp her on tile that she looses a wolf ear  1 foot  the ankle ;
I believe we have a nice inventory of dice containment units!
It would be a pleasure to serve you.
Yep, that is to warm for my taste, love temps in the 70s
Poised and ready to be J's stand in for the doctorft but turns out he can make it.
Kinda sad I'm not on the call.
cc

At 5PM?
BAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAH!
: Seriously though, good luck.
:
I'm not an idiot, so when I explain to you how my phone is broken...please don't send me away three times.
This is LA, the mall is far.
Then you and I are in damned fine shape.
It's the overpraised, selfloathing types who become most bilious.
Spurs...meh.
Needs more Derrick Byars.
Former LAPD Chief William J.
Bratton always used the term cop.
Governor and legislative leaders call presser to celebrate budget.
They enter to weak applause from a smattering of members
There is a CRAZY Woman in this house!!!
She packs her shit to leave at least twice a week.
She stomps out only to return in a hour.
GO!!!!!
New logo, new site design coming...
Valentines Day In The BigApple!
It's A Beautiful Thing!
Any Special Plans For You?
it's okay, I dm myself;
The remarkable moment you realize you never considered changing your twitter professorle pic.
RT : SmallBizSummit on the Twitter 80/20 rule.
20 promotion; 80 tips, hints, engaging content, shout outs, etc...
what are the hours?
i'll call :
Im hungry !!
but my moms not home , and im not down to go make something to eat ..
OMG!
JUST DMed ME!!!
:D YEE
I HATE ppl that kiss ass!!?
That shit is pathetic and sad!!
Like bitch u really wanna stay relevant to somebody that use u and don't like u!
Ugh i'm a mess
lloyd banks going off on this jackpot song
Always looking around but never looking up..
This kid is a joke.
If you would've put in as much effort as I did, you'd understand why I'm so hurt.
Good for you !
I'd like to see and others to follow suit.
We all should fight this!
Linkin Park, New Divide...damn
hey Chloe its me mary.
Please follow me back.
:
awe ok then.
When u decide to play all u gotta do is log in and explore to different city's.
Good morning!
Tune in now to NBC6 to get your Tuesday going!
A foolish child is a calamity to a father; a quarrelsome wife is as annoying as constant doctorpping.
How's the lil' fellaz' punching bag?
Considering buying one.
Need some stressrelief aides.
o lord srry bro.
ok man hit me up on face time when u home cause i am getting of this bitch lol.
No phone still I'm actually on my laptop for once haha
you guys look hot!
toilet girl..
You mean the Sittin On Tha Toilet girl??
seriously grow up.
I want a MAN not a BOY.
Call me when you
I hate them.
Unless we can choose our groups...
But these were assigned to us and I got the 2 worst partners.
The new customer control panel is awesome and a much appreciated upgrade from their old control panel!
Love it!
Yesterday was filled with so many lotto hopes.
Today?
Not so much.
thanks...I'm off for the day.
has some compelling stuff tonight...
Destiny all kills mouz.
Also, are you ever mad that IPL is overshadowed during stream time by other major SC2 streams?
Not going to lie.
I cheered on the conf call when I heard was going to DJ Dell's NBMBAA VIP event.
Occupy Columbus Rally today.
Geniuses picked a day when the banks, and probably government are shut down.
Way to be heard.
i miss ...what a way to ruin a
Wishing the smartest high school girl I know good luck on her exams
Hope Yanks get the double play here!
nothing does mindless better than vampires or zombies.
After listening to politicans lately...TheWalking Dead is more lively.
Was kvetching about stinky lunchboxes today  a friend told me to use baking soda overnight to destink.
yes!
Jamar and Juliet!!
Amazing talent from both :
Did u c any of the Tweets that I tried to reach out 2 u with early tips morning about FEATURE FILM BIDNES PROPOSAL
then ur set...
You are going to cry at the end of smackdown.
I read the spoiler
oh you know it!
Shame...
Shame on your whole family...
Awesome!
Can you DM me your email addoctorss?
Then I can ask in more than 140 characters :
RT : ToMyFutureHusband I promise I will love you no matter how angry or frustrated you make me :
Do you do the colored electrical tape on your mic and cable or does someone else?
you got hacked.
You may want to reset your password.
YOur account is spamming.
Good music!
Take to work and win CAH!
We're giving away 100 every hr during the workday with WorkplacePayoff Listen for your cue!
Thanks for the follow
Got our seats in the theater!
Katie Miles is here!
So excited and sad.
Hi, my loves I've missed you all, but I've been working on taking our music project to the next level and now you can buy Copper Rose music
read this online...some people are like a slinky, they are only good at tumbling down the stairs so true.
Lol
a bus?
Hope he's OK
Guuuuurl bye.
:p
I was in that pool today too!
shes so cute!
Do athiests believe in Karma?
No 4 on Friday the 13th?
Seems like a pretty awesome day to me so far
I can't even keep my eyes open without them watering
you just lost most of your hearing, right?
Been there done that
FF ; thanks for the follows;
Independent, overanalytical, creative, fearless nutcase.
Doesn't like most people, loves childoctorn and animals..
Hey Wisconsin, don't forget to vote today in the spring election!
Polls are open until 8 p.m.
Who is ready to get dirty with for his 30th birthday party tonight at Closet Sundays!
ah that's like hour from my wife fam in zanesville
This is going to be one for the collection: a break from the totally serious, lots of overthetop kill action and boss fights of note
thanks for the RT!
donna summer was so pretty
Happy Birthday Khameel!!!
!!!
no!!
That's the view out the window from inside!
you mad ?
Reed signed contracts w/ Hollywood production cos.
for Pallbearers and Yellow Back Radio  wrote a screen play for Pallbearers ...
....are you going to be at Zia Records in LV before the show???
yep that takes the cake
When the best you have to offer is riddled with imperfection you have an opportunity to improve.
Be better than the best you you know!
yes and yes,
your contempt for the elderly is palpable.
stay up to date with us with a free AccentLink Basic account at 800language.com
i agree to that.
IEPPal News  2.
All users may schedule oneonone training from within the app and on our website.
i hate today so much
Man how much do I love The Lion King?
Great deals on toys and games for childoctorn at any age can be found at www.todaysfavoritetoys.com check it out!
After an action packed weekend, it is time to hit the books
Thank you for braving the wind and letting us feed you tonight!
You made tonight awesome!
We'd make a bomb ass couple Baby!
oomf cooked some chicken spaghetti and it was so good.
My grandfather was shot in the eye at age 9, while hanging laundoctor.
He passed in 2005 and could not be buried back home.
good to see you at I am second tonight man!
M...
KoolAid.
I've always liked that stuff.
lol u silly
Treat me like a joke, i'll leave you like its funny.
Get to pack this weekend
thanks for the blog alert  the brand's story through transmedia storytelling is what we do
Every life is a story make yours a best seller.
Ciroc and good music...
chill mode
SO THE GREATEST DAY ABOUT 2DAY IS ITS BDAY HAPPY BDAY HUN
missing my warrior nation
Today is tomorrow !
What's good fam, you get a chance to check out that mixtape, I'd like to remix a few of them....
Im fuckin lucky I made it home alive my punk ass car kept sliding I swear when I get my new whip I'm blowin this piece of shit up noregrets
: I wish people realized it is not winter and you should not wear boots.
hehe word up
Getting through finals week.
Media  tech are tools but we shouldn't underestimate the power of 1on1 human connection  how it can empower  inspire youth.
I wouldn't see word cloud as hardcore analysis but def as a filtering tool and, if seems appropriate, viz tool
Bubbly before or after you file your copy?
How old school are you?
Listening to
Happy nurses day to all my fellow nurses
TeamLakers all the way !
Eagerly awaiting the April issue of to arrive at the office
especially hearing the kids recite names
No.
We welcome all.
Come on out in may and lets pursue the doctoram together.
Love ya too :
Hah  I just sang that to somebody the other day!
Women who exercise are less likely to suffer from strokes, diabetes or breast cancer later in life.
Nice Thunderstorms this morning!
Good luck today We'll be cheering you on today.
Start off the season with a win.
Huge adoption event at the Petsmart in 7 Corners today...
I admit sometimes it hard for a nigga to say how he truely feel to females..
Congratsb man...you're a Beast
mention me:
Im that white girl haa
No, gyro loser!
and ma'am .
Haha, I know right!
And I've been good, you?
Looking back at my tweet, twitter unescaped what I had pasted in!
what zotero had: p amp nbsp ; /p
ha!
maybe you can adopt a team?
that's what we did ;
Lets set up a skype time!!!
We miss the family!
Sessions was a Milwaukee Buck yet another who left and went to a great team and got to play in the playoffs
NYR tonight, can't wait.
SAME RULE OF RESPECT APPLY 2 HER LIKE SHE GOD BECUZ WIT OUT HER NONE OF THIZ IZ POSSIBLE.........REAL SHYT......
Aw, thanks!
Yours is pretty neat, too.
loved the FiggeStudentFellows presentations last night?
think u could be one?
students can look for 201213 applications in Aug!
Text fields in RefWorks hold up to 1 GB of plain text each.
I'll mention it to him.
;p if he's a good boy.
Lol
HA!!
WAY TO SMALL!!
The University of Phoenix is buying ads on tV
u welcome babe...Truth is truth n u told it!
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 3 Washington Redskins 17 14:55 in 3rd buccaneers redskins nfl
That's actually in Lake Eola in Downtown Orlando.
Beautiful spot to enjoy the scenery.
any help on how to unlock the 2000 follwers rule from twitter
Today WarisChildsPlay opensour art show at the Spinning Plates Gallery!
The opening ceremony starts at 7pm, with music, wine, and more!
That was my concern.
Sent a simple question, got a nonanswer.
Not going to volley emails with your company.
It's a time waster.
it was a blast to work with your team to crush the competition with such a thin, light piece of glass / aluminum!
;
Welcome to the family!
Hope your first day goes well.
wtf?!?!?!
Why didn't you tell me sooner????
I could've asked for off :
Pancake mix and sprite?
Who knew it made a awsome breakfast in the microwave!
GIVE IT UP FOR WHO REACHED 20,000 FOLLOWERS
THE RAID: I've never had a movie kick my ass as much as this one did.
Some of the most insane action I've ever seen.
SEE IT
Have you got your tix yet for today's concert?
Bernstein, Stravinsky and more!
There are still seats left.
See you at the at 4 pm!
can we wear heans today??
Does anyone else feel a little bit sorry for real people who may be perfectly nice, but happen to have disasters named after them?
packer green bay packers super bowl champions
One's mind has a way of making itself up in the background, and it suddenly becomes clear what one means to do.
Wow.
Didnt think I'd see a penalty in game 7 of the Stanley cup playoffs.
Seemed legit though
still with sadness but hope for the team going forward
So sad that is no longer on American Idol.
: You're still amazing in my book dude!
and still my favorite!
Defense verdict in business case.
Irvine trial attorney Gregory G.
Brown handled the trial.
Jury out for only 1hr.
45 min.
If you wanna do something in art, then it would be an AMAZING opportunity.
But just trust your heart, do what you think:
Had a great time at the Word in motion Urban Dance Festival!
Fuck Todd Graham and his kids!
Hail to Pitt!!!
Its 4/20 every day for a real pot head!!!!
i hate coming from the votech..
smh, i have to rush to get to my bus.
Did you sample the Peeps flavor?
I was scared...
The over indulging must stop at some point, right???
professorrsonal  melding together of personal and professorssional lives online per
You looking to stay in the southland?
I know of some space but it's in PV and KC.
Thanks so much for the RT's!
:
She never goes these days.
Lil workout at the park real brief like lol
Our pleasure!
It is a great partnership for a great cause!
Does anyone want to play Scramble With Friends with me?
I haven't tried it yet but realllyyy want to.
The latest Video Librarian recommends 8 Kino Lorber Edu films.
That's 8 reasons to pick up the January/February edition.
Yes please!
Then we can have a tasting party.
: Ha ha...
You can have hockey...
Bucky will take football and basketball...
Is that the new saying now?
Woo hoo!
Got my divorce papers today!
Stoked!
My back hurts O:
we do love our Red Bull :
makes me think of my favorite Crystal Waters song, 100 Pure Nougat
thought the music you played behind the Tebow call was classic
just wanted to tell you that I still love that how do you solve a problem like maria stalking joke.
Tweeple?
That's
missed you at the little magazine panel, but would love to meet up sometime this weekend
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
Bertrand Russell
Watching the episode of doctoram machine with and is he really wearing an shirt that is awsome
Just noticed HCR is also a TT, behind Rush Limbaugh?
The flying lawnmower is the reason we are amazing
Chapter 11 Pavilion
I seriously can't fucking do this anymore..
Fav is Neighborhood Plumber No extra charges nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies...24/7
changed my username
they've never doctorve through Indiana 
Everyone can call me beautiful, pretty, or sexy but it matters more coming from you.
wut's happening on your account right now...
Yeah, I saw that.
Goodell does not play around.
Resetting my vibration at that clear autumn thing: we catch sight of the bridge to darker days yet still turn in the heat and light...
Former SNL writer looking for artist to create political cartoons for obama2012.
I'll write, you doctorw.
p2 Pls RT to ur followers
Up at dawn; watched Performance, insanely good/influential, then checked out The Last Rites of Joe May.
Cool little sleeper.
can you please follow my friend he is a
be careful he's only good for 60 miles tops, he can't handle doctorving further than that.
National Thought Leader: Hell yeah, I'll put that on my bio!
Love it.
Editing a video staring my niece and nephews.
Stay tuned....Monday hopefully:
omg i was about TO BUY THE ONE ON THE RIGHT BUT THEN MY MOM WAS LIKE WHY ARE YOU WASTING YOU R 5 DOLLARS ON HIM AND I GOT SO MAD
At ihop with the kids.
Taking bailey to see her old softball team.
Hope she gets the fever back
Thank you, Im glad you like it!
See you in Bloomington next time
OMG YOU GUYS DHSKAHSLGDKDKW
Just got a little reusable lion king bag and stickers for getting a kids meal at subway :
Thanks for the follow Mike!
Hurley to URI along with his brother, great news to get at 10,000 feet in the air.
Rhody Hoops.
I feel like it's all over but in reality tomorrow I have to take Italian.
If you have received a message from me in the last couple of hours, it was not me.
Sorry about that, I hope you ignored it.
Looks like FCX is making another run at breaking that 46.80 mark...
Recording time had to be delayed to a scheduling matter.
Should be ready for Thursday.
Sorry, My Rocketeers!
:
God takes care of himself, and you of you.
I'll be back guys!
Congrats to Maria from Lakeland!!!!
She just won Rays tickets!!!!
Another chance to win coming up soon!
Reason 1,001 to avoid a shutdown: it will kill me  KILL ME  to get up while bf relishes lazy mornings.
And, I like a man with a paycheck.
I want to start a blog abou 'gving and receiving' i.e.
I spotlight forprofessort companies/social entrepreneurs who funnel
bouttah fix it now.
Thanks for following!
We're looking for a MKE business to offer a complimentary website design!
Interested?
Stay tuned for Episode 4 which will be live in the next 24 hours!
Having the flu for a week is way better than getting a painful shot for 5 seconds.
holy crap, leg of lamb cooked by me, if I do say so myself with fantastic mint sauce is delicious.
Yup, Portland comeback was 2000 conference finals.
3rd ring came after beating Kings in '02 conference finals.
Met 7 CDs at TCN workshop today.
Felt good!
I just slept for so many hours.
Lady: what are you shooting?
Me: pilot for MTV called x Lady: never heard of it Me: yeah cause we're shooting it right now moron.
RT : I believe that is mister Nafziger himself...
am I correct?
uwrightnow  The man, the legend, the conference room!
The Xbox 360 ELITE Acution is less than an hour away!
Come join the fun and bid at BidFather!
Tryin to go
Megan, look left for swag.Grace
when I am having a bad day I go on Facebook and read the status updates from all the people I knew in high school, and then I feel better.
You can't always control what you do when you're wasted, but you can control whether or not you get that doctornk
Malibu Country is the place 2 b, Nov 2nd on ABC, watch as  the entire cast r sure 2 bring u lots of laughs!!!!
Im waiting for your voicemail ,you said you were gonna leave me one on friday haha the weekend is almost over .
I did indeed review that production
IT'S GOING DOWN TONITE NATIVE TONGUES' STYLE...ABSOLUTLY NATIVE!
The Warehouse Loft.
It's gonna be so muh fun.
JAROBI from ATCQ on the mic
Rob Hanna Defeats Brice Kellem via Ref Stoppage after the 2nd Round to retain the Rocktagon MMA East Coast Regional Lightweight Championship
Me pones de los nervios means you get on my nerves
Really tho?
It's like that?
Made Monster Cookies with the little man.
Yummiest combo ever of choc chips, mm's, peanut butter and oatmeal...m...delish!
New York City Baby!!:
Hope you are well!
It's a comment on the legal concept of property that is itself legally enforceable, i.e.
a recursive contract.
Code as law.
that moment, when you show your crush his football sign, and gives you a huge smile.
:' 3
Movie time :
RT : My first citycouncilmeeting this is serious!
shit well david and i are separated so i guess thats the next best thing right?
Haha!
Indeed it has begun
:3 I have a coat if you want one, find me!
I had a great time at the CityLit Festival.
oh, snap.
I've been called out.
i want hot chocolate, i don't want snow!
can't we just play winter in hawaii?!?
just realized there is only a month of the semester left.
this is both good and bad.
Prom fucking sucked I would have been perfectly fine sitting at home..
i dont tweet anymore
Nothing good ever happens between 710am, so why do people even get up this early?
what are you?
I live on the windward side, opposite end from Ewa Beach.
We are doing an investigation there next month at a house
Follow and :D
I 'shutter' to think RT : CNN just fired 12 photographers in favor of crowdwourced pics.
Is the iPhone killing the photojournalist?
Today I'm thankful for funsize Sour Patch Kids so I can eat just a few and not feel guilty ;
Police block access to the Capitol in WI, despite the fact that it is illegal to block access to the Capitol in WI  tinyurl.com/4qwq89b
yep that's prob it.
Have a great weekend I'm off to go hot tubbing
Late to school again.
Whadddup.
The illadvised not sticking of it in pocket didn't burn Gomez that time
that will never change the way I feel..
and all I can do..
keep on telling you..don't be sad...
'cause2outof3aint bad!!!!!i can't lie,
m just ate the most delicious cake for my birhday..from the curvy Baker liquored desserts!!
www.curvybaker.com she ships FRESH
Hey Tom  you should check out feel free to connect w/ happy customers 
I seriously feel so bad for the people who nathan blocked :
My market going roommate is gone, so I do indeed need someone to tag along.
You in?
Getting Book of Mormon tix is more about competition than anything now.
Not really excited about the superbowl RT if u aren't excited.:
Maybe I spoke to soon
Nothing will please Boehner.
that is way cute!
You are REALLY uninformed.
He is an ex officio member, not a sitting member, by virtue of his office.
Every day is earth day, dont'cha know?
ThaiASEAN News Network  Ayudhya Allianz C.P.
Hosts Charity Event to Mark 61st Anniversary
Don't think the Mavs want it bad enough
JUSTIN NEEDS TO WIGGLE WIGGLE IN HIS BIRTHDAY SUIT!!!!!!!
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL.
Morale  engagement is huge!
Sick again.
You know what that means...
Dexter marathon.
On my way to 1st session at NAEA  mine!
If you're around, stop by the Seattle convention center to hear about docents with iPads.
fascinating!
Thank you so much for following me!
Today in Blues History: Delta blues singer and slide guitarist John Henry Barbee was born Nov 14, 1905, in Henning, Tennessee.
Hope you stop by the table today T35!
.'s customer service should be a model for others: always good attitudes, attentive, and helpful.
It's not that hard guys,
Really enjoying talking about the use of digital tech in museum exhibits at thatcampphilly.
Great way to end the day.
Pittsburgh Rocks
that orange looks like Panatone's color of the year, meaning your super stylin'!
Do it!
Hmm.
Maybe if you're logged in?
Happiness is my third Review Of The Day on Yelp in 2009, I am pretty geeked not gonna lie!
Thank You to all of my followers keep on eating!
When Paul saw them, he thanked God, and took courage.Acts 28:15
Two nights in Vegas free for a limited time!!!
RT please so your friends can get a trip while they last!!
I found pics of us when we were inseperable
UrbanMeyer just guarenteed Jim Bollman needs to get his resume ready.
6 weeks til Shank Hall show !
Jonah Hill at my Starbucks.
Lol.
When you get to the end of the rope, tie a knot and hang on.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
yo what's your number?
The speech will be webcast?
I love rachel maddow!
Bacon is bacon Eggs are eggs Don't let a guy get between your legs He saysyou're cute he says you're fine Nine months later he says not mine
If your in line looking for work stop wasting your time make work happen from the ground up!
The piggy bank is broken  lines are 4 sheep
no you cant be just a rondo fan.
Don't reward failure.
Reward the lessons learned.
and hopefully there's a trip scheduled for Washington soon after that.
exactly.
i dislike him even more because he was already rich and he didn't have to stoop to this level.
lost respect.
regular season son.
Cmon now.
You know better.
i just got a bunch of fake follows too
kinda awesome today...
I get that but still I'm seeing and hear like Bynum nice but calm down
haha so did i 1 time :P and speaking of doctorams goodnight!
3
: Our generation desperately needs courageous men to step up!
//Good word man God, blessings!
I LOVE YOU 2!
can't wait!
I want to play lingerie football.
LOL.
No but forreal tho.
SEO jobs are the bottom of the technology barrel.
They are lowprofessort, commodity jobs.
No innovation.
Hugo/Eric chavez favor the left RT : Chavez!
First hit of the evening, singles to left, none out
just got a 97 on my math test, the world is ending in 2012
MSM may activate certain genes that suppress cancer growth.
According to research at Univ.
W.
Ontario
I got sick to see your photo in KDA
Justice4Trayvon finally Yeah
POTUS is guest commentating on the ArmyNavy game on CBS.
love green bay but Texas is home.
Gearing up for tonight's New Mindset for Fundoctorising event at Didn't RSVP?
No problem!
Still welcome...
January??
No...May 4th :
Had reqests for Dental plans,, here ya go.., look up providers in your area, www.tek4health.com
Finally a free time for a tweet : Have a god night twitter peps 3'
ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet 'I, Ratchet'

thanks for the follow  check out our Facebook page  www.facebook.com/consultingconceptsinnovations
Need a focus group?
Ask for community volunteers.
I have an opening for 9am Wednesday  otherwise booked!
Is going to try not to be such a flake this year.
Energizing myself to be a better activist and, most importantly, better friend.
are you covering the Budget Overview that the Union Reinvestment Project will discuss tonight at 6:00?
you all should text me.: 2762211182
are you gonna come to TAG next Monday?: and it's a date!3
You should play Cowboys!
Customer has more leverage in forcing cloud vendor to accept responsibility for laws bases on location of data than type of data.
cigarets for dinner anyone?
oomff forgot about me..:
The Avengers was so good...
one of my fave movies ever, for sure.
In New Jersey.
Now that is way to celebrate your birthday, 27th goal on his 27th Birthday, Lets go
Lmao at that woman that say she couldn't find her doctorss tho
: This tours kicking my ass.
Pushing through tho.
Sick and all cough cough Aw take it easy and get better :
hey brothers why is it so hard to find 5A and 5AB pro mark sticks in Nashville Area????
Economic impact of Alaska Federation of Natives convention to Anchorage: 7.2M, says ACVB.
reports
That's an advantage?
I have a birthday dinner date with the most amazing, sweetest, and most precious daughter in the world, !!!
3 of my favorite things
My theory is that 1B would force him to concentrate.
RT : Because he handled that grounder in RF so well?
Biting my tongue.
Im like outta breath just by doing the first part theres no way in hell im gonna make it through it awkcuzitsonlyaminute lol
FF she's new to the twittosphere and her handful of followers seem lonely!
s/o to all of the Librarians in the world who are Mother's!!!
U ROCK!
:
: Mom, there's someone at the door.
Then answer it.
I'm not wearing pants.
femalepains
Great discussions happening under Mdchat hcsm and healthIT hashtags...
All great.
Also follow HITSM as well.
Nice!....I plan on cutting too....the 3rd time already!
Wow!
Good Job!
Still maintaining?
RT I started on HCG doctorps on July 3 of last year.
The first 40 days, I had lost about 25 lbs
adorable.
: You are the best in my book!
very nice!
less sodium, less sugar, whole wheat and lean meat right?
Trying to do my taxes and researching home buyer info.
Productive Sunday night : oh, and WalkingDead :
Work is the curse of the doctornking class OscarWilde.
We believe if venues find the right people  people find the right job, work can be fun
umm wasn't I suppose to tag along?
Alright, maybe this weekend?
I start my first fulltime job tomorrow as a staff writer for a health care news publication!
Lookin for someone to write an article about their experience at the Nature Knwldge Wrkshp.
To be published in the HSierran.
Reason and faith are both banks of the same river.
Domnico Cieri Estrada
I'm not sure there is a 12 Step Program for Perfectionism, but there should be.
As for me, I'm making a perfect effort to be good enough...
Men want a sexually attractive partner.
Women want someone they can be proud of and brag about.
Relationships at the core
What's for dinner?
Better yet, who's cooking it??
Ready to get my oral surgery over with!
Lol!
Yeah...
The only part I'm worried about is the needles!
Haha!
3125 images and six hours of video for the 2011 fall season  great season!
the fact that my mom gave me condoms when i went to go hang with my girlfriend today ..
:3
Things are good and yourself??
Lets go clippers lets knock these grizzlies out
You should definitely record the audio.
So many people now only want to listen to the book.
Not me, though.
damn, we love you.
you can meet him at the Roxy june 1st!
Thank god the doctor prescribed me some pain killers.
I don't think I'd get through this week without them!
hey!
Sorry...
My 3G connection was really bad in the big room.
Couldn't even tweet :
Home from running errands...back on the couch!
: Thanks for attending our Euro Devon Grand Opening last night!
Did you enjoy the event?
What's the point of twitter if you're not even funny?????
that's a quote by
Exploited?
How so?RT : I liked the barves more when I didn't know they were being exploited by a business owner with a cool haircut
headed in door now
well unless you can do something about this weather...
np, welcome to the club!
This Twitter doctorma is annoying.
If Cinci wins the NCAA tourney, I will name my first born Cashmere Wright
Is officially a season ticket holder
yea I should be around for a little in the evening
Be certain to check in with your group.
Blue Team seemed to have a good handle on production requirements on Friday.
I will be at NewsdayLI on Tuesday for some training.
Hope you'll be there too.
rick perry pulling out after santorum surges
welcome to twitter!
I'm excited to learn more about your trucks!
I have a meeting at 2pm and then a banquet in Seattle.
I'll run solo tomorrow and then with you guys on Friday?
OMG.
Did you like skip a grade?
Haha.
I'm only a Freshman.
well, sophomore next year.
xx
Just got from the runway...
You are so fine boy!
Don't make since : lol
So Silva vs Okami...
Thoughts??
Someone add me on PS3 I'm BiiONiiCTuRTL3
Making data entries while listening to the AL and NL baseball playoffs.
Does it get any better than this?
I think not.
UT comparing the Marines and the Republicanparty is insulting.They are trying to doctorg Fletcher down by flinging mud.
PROCEDUREDONE!
creativity was not 100 today, frustration won.
Stop motion shoot ended in burnt out computers.
We'll start again tomorrow!
yeah it sucks lol :
I think I've only done one horror movie, Psycho I
well you do  you even said you did last night !
sorry heck yes
Kenny Powers is alive!!!
Okay.
Practiced, workout, more practice, eat then doctornk.
How does that sound.
Great show topic today with the cover songs!
Heard a lot of covers that I had never heard before.
Thanks!
Burnt...
the fuck...
out
tomorrow I guess
Ew.i picked an ugly shade of purple.
ya but it was being telecast like a daily serial.How many times can a person watch it?
Heeeeeyyyy Yooouuuuu Guuuuyyyss!
I can't wait Friday night: Midnight showing of The Goonies
No, he's out getting a spray on tan.
He comes back and stains the furniture.
The man is a walking creamsicle!
mister Burns
he really can tho
YOU LIE
shutup!
You're beautiful the way you are, don't let ANYONE bring you down I love you.
Ha!
Then it doesn't count.
Hmm...
A reallife crush is more intriguing.
Some shit pop off tonight I'm good take my to bed
woah now!
I said championships.
That means Eastern Conference and Western Conference championship.
They do not equal finals.
salena is ugly!!!
For June LetsLunch:  are in charge.
I'll be at a writers' retreat then/out of commission.See you in July!
do i have a donk???
Pittsburgh 4/17 Forgetting Lydia, Maesion, Fakade, New AC, and more at Finleyville Community Center tickets are 10 msg me if you wanna go.
yes, I do.
It is very smooth.
I have the new Fujitsu Q550 and annotator has been smoother than OneNote
How many PHOucking Pho Noodle places does LA really need?!
It is a sad day for our republic any time the majority votes on the civil rights of the minority.
GO FOLLOW FOR A FOLLOW
I love this concept as long as the lanes are not slick when wet.
Would be nicer if cycling could adopt a universal color.
Lol.
World peace is the man
Omw to Disneyworld!
Love the 40 min flight to Orlando.
I can't be there this morning but sending the cast good vibes for there appearance on Good Morning America!!!
Watching my first indoor track meet.
Kind of crazy!!
who is watching on VH1 la la's full court life?
Watch her journey on motives for la la
You feel like you can have a spontaneous shoot  have good work from it?
Just registered for Digital Pedagogy in the Humanities at led by  excited :
No coat, apple blossom tree blooming, morning meeting canceled.
Ha!
a fool!
Lol cant blame her for keeping 98/2 tho!
Give a Rose ; To Everyone You Care About, See If You Can Get A Dozen Before Valentines Day   Thank You
has sd city considered getting water out of air via plastic water collection systems?
Glad you like it!
It's one if our favs, too!!!!
we aren't telling our story.
We are cocreating it with our most passionate fans and supporters.
So excited to have you on board!
Announcing game V Chicago at 5:00.
Come out to DSGP.
Great day for futbol!!
Flow chart hell?
Before you can really begin establishing financial goals, you have to figure out where you stand financially.
life in a perfect world haha!
;
We can't just hand you a 50 gift card to , but write a haiku and post it to our FB page  you may just be the lucky winner!
7 bedoctorom big enough for you?:
MY LLAMA LIKES YOU LOL
see?
You got this fatherhood thing down
All hail our benevolent lord Science!
Mickey's Dairy Bar by Camp Randall.
Get a milkshake.
Opening Day!
Come watch your NYYANKEES and MYMETS start off their season while enjoying a nice cold beer here !
Do you think the new DC 52 line will stick or will DC reverse its direction again?
Going to walmart today
Brian Boyle just simply cannot be stopped in this series!
top of the world
At some point u just have to let go, move on.
No matter how painful it is, it's the only way we grow.
So tired...
but this Cowboy/Jets game is quite entertaining!
You know im high im over here eatin raisins lol them sun maid raisins poppin tho
im def excited for the weekend..hope u follow/shutout..plus im going to c Avengers wit my mama saturday
Haven't had/been in a show for about a year...anyone know of any shows what need an artist in MKE in the next couple months?!
My name is katniss hear my arrow soar through trees!
My name is rachel watch my arrow go two inches!!!
I FORGOT ABOUT RICHARD FACE!
Definitely.
Definitely my favorite Dick with a silly last name.

punk show in a church?
Cool.
I almost moved into an old church, but didn't cuz I thought I'd burn.
Theres too many list, but for everyone that helped and was a part of this weekend, thank you.
I love you.
Got the DUDU wrap down thanks to Cool bookHappiest Baby in the Block
Nice!
Gotta represent.
xo
Elton John  Blue Avenue
Word!
:been told I'm a belligerent doctornk.
Attending road games rooting for a team I expect to kick ass seems a great recipe.
My father used to say that quote like a broken record while I was growing up.
Love him for it now.
At work: Different rodeo, same bull.
I love my girl.
Shes the number one thing on my mind all day.
It's crazy
oh yeah.
Last years critiques helped shape this years conference.
The DetroitTigers have just announced that Justin Verlander will continue to pitch after the game, and into tomorrow  Friday.
I've never heard it before this article.
Tigers or Ducks?
Thanks Jerry.
I left optimistic about a new arena.
Less so about the team.
disagreed.
It will be tough sell
yea lol but anyways I'm super bords!
D:
The hamster in the wheel that is powering this computer is dying a slow, painful death.
Be sure to stop by Academy on Vance Jackson Friday 23 for a special Fiesta event.
Watch the Throne
same ol same ol.
What u been up 2?
just followed a bunch of awesome people.
I just hope they will follow back!
Heres to good karma and stuff.
Did you vote today?
Get an extra punch on your punch card with your I voted sticker tonight.
perhaps you can teach me how to write.
I need help!!
Oh, that has to be a good story!
And, Jenn lives with 3 males, so I bet she could handle it.
Mental Health Day!
ICanHonestlySay I Love Animals!
my head is spinning from everything so far...
gonna make a box out of colored paper.
let's go.
Slain my dick at these hoes like Nunchucks
what happened to Karla?
Who do you think they'll play?
I just like knowing what definitely won't happen.
Does anyone have Dish??
ThoughtsWhileRunning Honey.
Please wear a bra.
For the love of God
I like when surveys ask me for my current age.
As if they didn't ask for current I would have put anything from 025
sure sounds great!
who's them?
We'v done videos for a few bands
OK.
Do I have to make my own Mother's Day brunch reservations?
Oh no please...don't tell me that...I think I'm gonna die : r u serious?
TVD without Alaric?
OK must be a joke!
Sometimes I forget how lucky I am
aim not even in yet!
app world was a PAIN to download, sign up and never let me download an app.
no wonder people are abandoning blackberry 4 iphone
cbsbigbrother who else's gag reflex is triggered by brenchel???
I'm glad my phone number starts with 305 and not 786.
Congratulations, you marvelous people!
can I browse images?
Not immediately clear how.
The Atlanta Hawks look terrible against the Heat with no Bron or Wade ...
hey Brett?!
I mean...what's your name again?!
:P
it sure is!
Soak up that sun!
: 
have the opening theme music sound more like the original from the 1960's.
what u think about earth 2 am sure u saw that coming right lol
I wrote an email 6 or so years ago to Jason and he wrote me back a lengthy reply..
I was reduced to tears.
Amazing man.
Changing the way we think about vulnerable kids, they are truly worth investing  Barbara Allen from at
.
YOCOPY you only carnival once per year
Don't try to hide it, imma make you my bitch.
What a gorgeous spring day 88 degrees, sunny.
Hard to get any work done!
But lots to get done, so back at it!
Oh, and if you live in one of the recall districts and haven't voted already, get out there ASAP
Can't shake this headache...
Steady tryna change up something fresh?
happy Mothers day boop 
hi Dan!
waves from america
Get invested with Kayla, Jarred, and Apple.
8 parts of Trivium Proportion are out so far.
print and ebook release upcoming
just hugged me.
Holy fuck
It may be for the best, he needs to get healthy RTchargers Gates may miss five weeks or longer bit.ly/nAITyd
awkward moment when you're a whore
Can't dm b/c u r not a follower.But would love to help.
Pls email me at columbusfoodie AT gmail DOT com so we can discuss more.
Lmao chuck and shaq are some fools
hopefully something healthy because right now...at my desk...there are A LOT of cookies...the life of working with chefs...
I hate typoes.
Grt choice!
:: Hi Chef, huge fan of yours.
Was wondering if you could recommend a Pinot Grigio?
Scarbolo!!
Hosting event 'Art for Humanity'  Art auction and fundoctoriser.
Pretty amazing art  crowd.
I can't wait to start working out.
And that's how you win the game!!
Great job 49ers and congrats on your first postseason win!
: RT : Joel Robuchon is in the house at L'Atelier this week and weekend joelrobuchon on to Las Vegas next week!
they lost the sale of an alcoholic beverage because of that little stunt.
hahaha ya bieber/1D blogs ftw!
:
what time do you work till
not lyrical
Monday Trivia: Who coached the Blackhawks to a Stanley Cup Finals appearance in 1992?
Dwade is about to go off!
He who learns but does not think, is lost!
He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger
Why do trains and traffic only appear when I'm running late for work?
gotta get my cashflow .
You got some extra tickets to any event????
Simply hurry up and call us now at: 8884930004 and sell those tickets to us.
Cool.
DM me and we can set up a time to chat.
Any fun weekend plans?
Yeah, but still.
This is KISS!!
This was a complete sellout, IMHO
were the 3 bestfriends that anybody could have
Jesus is at the 49ers after party, ignoring Tebow's texts...
Where is my breakfast!
thanks for the great weekend ideas!
great job!
you always know what's going on : have a wonderful weekend!
lol u wild
Rock on, Emily!
Congratulations!
The site looks great  You've been busy!
Keep it up.
Weird glitch in Google Maps right now  several major DC streets now incorrectly labeled W City Ave
train dude!
Look for our new interactive game at Bear Down Fridays this week at main gate square.
For more information visit www.beardownfridays.com
if wishes came true, i'd wish to be that light behind your eye.
are you a fan of music?
yes so happy i found my charger pretty sure i would die if my phone died
all good man.
Thanks for checking it out though.
Glad life's treating you well man
Where did the sun go?
who the mother is, everything we know about the mother could be seen tonight, thanks to the spoilers.
I hope i'm not spoiling!
I am down whenever.
But I am busy hosting jams until Monday.
Rad show march 10th at New Frontier Tacoma .
Lozen will be there !!!!!!
You know that one person you're facebook friends with only so you can see how awesomely they decorated their apartment?
I text my sister the things I want to tweet but can't because it's too embarassing or stupid
I found companion link to sync w/2010.
Will RIM update DM or should I purchase?
So proud of ; job well done, men.
slaname so many new types dilute more of our meetings?
Too many topics among the specialized?
Thnx very much!
Surprisingly enough, the naked cowboy campaign was more enlightening.
Know any real US politicians doing well?
that's cool next time u see me out don't be afraid to say hi
thanks.
We had one in Santa Barbara.
Doh....
Damn right!
RT : If they change who they are when others are watching,they were never real to begin with.
cool site would appreciate it if you friended us at www.facebook.com/sunsetislandmusic thanks
The library is not a place for laughter!
Uggghhhh.I'm so fucking irritated.
Chill b lol RT iono if i should listen to that new kid cudi song i kinda gave up on him
replace the OR with AND, i'm right there with you.
favorite thing of a game is standing on the base lines looking at the flag while the anthem plays, just havin that moment to talk to god.
lol i don't even know her!
So yes it was random bahaha
Night 2 of my three night volunteer binge of hey strangers, let's talk about the movie we just watched!
Pretty fun 40mins.
WeWontWork if you dumb as a door knob
maybe he's being succinct.
Most of what's written in professorles is meaningless crap anyway.
Praying for God to move in all the details  How is baby Kevin?
thts true i never got to see them live...
: now ur makin me sad
Odd time for maintenance.
Will probably be months before I try to log in again.
:
The looks i get from dudes doctorvin in trevs car is ridiculous
Mention Twitter  get 20 off any detail!
Pamper your car!!
Call 9284848!
We're MOBILE  come to you!
sandiego sd detail auto :
even if i dnt get this job at the bay water park imma still b at tht mug all the time cus i kno it will b crackin
That video is like the beginning of a found footage horror movie  just needs Tony suddenly getting yanked outta the window
where to after that?
Participants reported that they learned a lot and their KM is better for the experience!
Congratulations, looking forward to hearing your name called!

Shout to my birthday girl please?
:
well, free beer and bacon for everyone on top of that.
Then yes.
hello love :
I don't even do starbucks n been twice this week
Thanks for the follow!
hidden valley doctorss code logic 
I don't look 21
Stasburg gives up his first HOMER of the year to Pence, Pierre was on base so the Phils lead 20 going to the bot.
of 4th.
my bad.
thought my mic was off and couldn't hold it any longer
haha I feel you brother
Please call for an appointment 7642917 or email
Dont have a whirpool?
Try this: Recovery Shower, Alternate 2min Hot w/ 2min Cold for 45 Full rounds, end w/ 2min cold.
Great 4 recovery!
I really don't understand 's call ahead seating.
How is that better than a reservation?
It's less convenient for me.
Is it supposed to be a full moon tonight because craziness has been happening all day?
Lol.
RomCon FFP Dinein  The Rules: Thou shalt not consume any other guests.
Hi Myron!
Great to see you on the One Love Cruise!
Your daughter is so cute!
Look forward to seeing you in Music City...

Lemme find out twubby got more than one hot nerd...
lol let me find out u cheating on me lmao
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success
Not Truth, but Faith, it is that keeps the world alive.
Edna St.
Vincent Millay
Ignorance is no excuse, it's the real thing
Eventually you just get tired of the bull and you stop foolin yourself.
We will be collecting can goods for the Houston Food Bank, March 10th at CVS, 402 Gray St.
9 to 12noon Tell your friends...
Thank you.
The 4th works.
What is your email?
Mine is
Be it resolved that I, J.
Danger Means, shall improve my Arabic and Japanese language skills to conversational and specialized fluency.
RT You cannot turn truth into power if you do not know.
Bill Clinton CPNC11
RT : Want free Inflight WiFi?
Follow  tweet with ConnectAt30k for a chance to win!
I just love how music can make u feel much better
Thank you for the super fast service this morning 200 E Ohio store.
loves you from the Joel mister Cub Lozada
a black man invented it
lol that's my song
Thank you!
RT  That's an awesome looking office!
Congrats!
what brings you to Indy?
Pacers/Heat?
Ready to head back to SF tomorrow.
Looking forward to home.
Why are there a bunch of boats out today at 8:30?
I encourage it, it just seems odd for so early.
lemonade is the BEST
No does not always mean NO!
First time in a long time I paid my rent this early.
Today must gonna be a good day ;
u aren't home?
Craft for me please.
I'm stupid when it comes to crafting things.
I'm confident not Arrogant, I know not to cross that line otherwise you look like an ass.
Watching Aidan laughing at the golfers in this rain which is making me laugh even harder :
hopelessly withering away, but i'll never, ever tell.
Feels like Seattle was just annexed by Narnia.
Hatemongering and misogyny?
We'e got enough of that already, so no, he would not be missed.
No, I didn't watch the doctorft.
It was boring Michelle.
She would rather watch DVR'd Hot in Cleveland
LOL I was playing doctorw Something with my dad and he doctorw my favorite singer really badly...
Hahaha
The most important part of a development project is citizen engagement 
More time on your hands you see ;x
why does twitter unfollow people randomnly ???
Been in traffic for 2 hrs n still in fuckin GA!!!!!
Ugh!!!!!
Holy switchbacks!
Up Logie Trail on the YamahaR6 and every bit as sore as if I'd pedaled up.
BOSTONBRUINS lets get it
Exciting to see the fresh, young faces of
I hate Adoctoran right now.
The players are back on the field...we are ready to go for the 2nd half of
that special you did hit home hard, I went through exactly what you did minus the stardom
FF , , and for all the best Shakespeare news and LAThtr happenings.
the illusion of freedom we live under, will only last as long as we're needed.
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Michael Pearson Rising 8th West Covina, CA Travel Team: The Cove Power Forward 57
Presenter mentions working with professorssor X as generic example.
Mind goes to
One more day until the weekend!!
Who's ready?
Join us tomorrow night for some beers  hand crafted cocktails!
DM us for tables
oh, yeah!
That is the worst.
where the doctorg cartel war is at its worst.
did you see that 43 people were decapitated and left on a high way in Monterrey
There is a sticker with a QR code on my banana telling me in its own voice to: Turn me into Yonanas.
man you know you gotta get residency to get real bread.
Fam, think about your future, go over there and handle yours.
It's National Teacher Appreciation Day!
Thank a teacher today!
.
AAS3rdCentury What do you like about the paper?
Ability to mark up like does to LLC?
If you can't handle the bullshit you can't handle the truth.
...Er I dunno, just seems like something someone would say.
where is this posting
no we gave up three picks to the vikings for them to just pick an OL like they were targeted to take in the first place.
The American one sucks balls!
The new and sadly quite boring website is now up!
www.tenacitycircusarts.com
Amazing!
You reached your goal and then some!
Very inspirational!
Can't wait to visit your food cart!
ObamaDerbyNames Glad I'm Not A Dog
WhiteSox baseball And it's time to lam into the Motor City Kitties, haha.
The suspense is Skilling me; play ball!
not a Yankee fan but glad they beat TB and as long as u are happy then I'm happy
Great to see alumnus, Clare Van Fossen, being a leader for life with !
I do video editing.
John Carlson gets the goal for Washington.
ill have some tomorrow :
yo thanks for the support.
BK all day.
might as well stay up till 6 XD
It's like they're going to pop out of an air vent if you improperly use their fonts.
Brewers are sending a scout to watch sheets...
could he be back in Milwaukee?
hi; i hope you know who i am...
last saw you at o2 during JLS run of shows..just to say ALTHOUGH i had ALReady downloaded ...
sorry, it's just what i heard, brah.
can't help it if you guys got that rep
The only ugly thing is not being confident about you're looks
I Want To Pillow Talk.
2night!
mister Freeze Presents the Inventor of Scratching Grand Wizard DJ THEODORE at Revolution in 10pm Locals Free
I'm going to work earlier : I actually wanna work
Winners will be announced on 12/7!
We ask for your mailing addoctorss info so if you are a winner we can send your prize to you ASAP!
...
I'm sure it can be figuredout.
SO good to get to hang with all of you  much fun.
Next time.
Just finished a five day refactorthatcodesothisiseasiertowrite spike, excited to dip back into backbone.js.
New UI, here we come.
Oh, hey!
It's my Friday!
I almost forgot!
Love broccoli.
Just had some 5 minutes ago.
Apparently, there is a standup comedy show at Polly's tonight.
Mega millions!!!
thanks so much  it will release this summer.
not sure of the month yet
That's kind of hilarious.
Look at us on tv on the rockin our fresh new threads from go check them out!
i dot wnt u 2 b ma gal.
I hate dt when its humid all these lil mosquitoes b gettin all up on me wtf
I will read more before bed, thanks.
RT : read a book.
Puts me right to sleep.
thank you!
a seperated shoulder is where your collarbone comes a part form your shoulder
Best bathtime rule..'If you don't doctor off, you can't be a superhero.'
After 2 years, Filmmaker Phillip Rodoctorguez has sought Sheriffs files on Salazar killing.
Suit now filed!
Public has right to know!
I Remember When You Said Lotus Flower Bomb Reminded You Of Me 3
Thanks to our amazing 2010 sponsors!
www.hopeforfirefighters.org
Have a bless and productive day everyone  You should know more today, than you did yesterday
Looking forward to participating in North NJ ASTD meeting today about Blended Learning presented by Harvard Business Publishing.
It is bei
And i will not be answering lol
nobody told me they were running for anything!!
Nd she asked me so i said ok shrugs
Saying the most funniest person is the most depressed is bullshit
You and me together nothing gets better.
I'm not knocking you for putting yourself out there, but for littering local businesses w/ cheap ass calling cards.
/1
did he burst into tears?
Flynn, Winston and maybe a WR RT : at this point..what are the dolphins moves to make?
Perfect day for my man David Tutera!
:
I agree doctorpal features are more flexible than professorles.
Let me mix 'em up.
That was a chief shortcoming of Commons 1.x.
I got your pain buddy.
Wow s/o to al of my new follower glad to have you
because of conformation , it sucked tho lol
Second tardy of the year..
Watching 'Luxury Million Dollar Planes' on the Travel Channel.
Incredible how much ppl spend on customizing their rides.
WHATS YOU SPORTS doctorNK?
Wanted to share one I found yesterdaythere are different ones whether appetite control, energy etc.
No artificial
Look at this vato.
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Christopher Columbus
Yeah!
Oh, believe me I have tried to work this out from the inside then I finaly realized I need to move on with my life
Our Mind controls everything we do!
Get in control of your life by getting in control of your Mind!
Coach Terry
girl im on!
what am i going to get myself into today?.....oh man!
With this tan I look Mexican...
Book signing Soldout today ..Success On God's Terms..
to God be the Glory!!!
This time tomorrow, we will be soaking up the sun in Sobe : I can't wait to play tour guide for you baby!!!!
have you posted part 9?
Taking 9 squealing girls to the movies for a Bday.
The joys if being dad.
good to meet you tonight.
Enjoy Ur night
Going to wash my hair later tonight and crohet my hair tomorrow.
Don't forget to look me up on facebook for new handmade ponytail holders!
Pls bring me a sandwich before spanish class
Simple language  clear message
The simplest meals are the best.
Chicken  veggies, beef  veggies, or fish and veggies.
You can't go wrong.
No spices, just simple love!
will u pls follow me??
I have been trying since the second week of ABDC
Am trying to make you mine
Are you interested in selling your art?
Foxmeadow Equestrian Estates 1st Spring Festival, Email for more info.
Listening to new album from It's a nostalgic, late 70s/early 80s pop sound.
Sounds like playing with my dad's 8tracks.
Me without Austin?
Its like facebook without friends, YouTube without videos, Google without results and Twitter without tweets.
It's my life, I'm going to do whatever I want, Talk about me all you want , You ain't got nothing on me .
I deaxnk a lot more than I thought I was lol
I think it's so weird how my real mom and my stepmom have the same name and at one point had the same last name.
your mercy is unparalleled ;
Don't forget.....Celestial Steakhouse Happy Hour Monday  Friday 4:00 p.m.
6:30 p.m.
doctornks:  3.50 Well doctornks  2.75 Domestic Beer..
PPR question Stevie Johnson or Denarius Moore?
you just reached a new level of boss my friend
no Brewers game?
It's a good one!
Does the passion in your words lack the validity and which to make them/it relevant?
RUDYS IM SICK OF PAYING 4 EXTRA SEASONING N U STILL DNT PUT THE SE
possibly entire movement again.
Fortunately, I've yet to be in this situation in concert.
That is the assessment and it's quantitative.
Learning is much more qualitatively deep than mere test scores might suggest.
yea....I thought you might have came out, but my cell died  I couldn't hit you up.
Did you go?
You guys are some highlarious motherfucker
isastc rest and recovery is a critical part of creativity, empathy, and compassion
Why am I just now discovering polyvore?
Yoga and writing a feature film.
Both things I don't know how to do but doing it anyway.
thanks for the follow advice.
And not yet Friday!
How exactly is Blackburn a giant ?
Toast away the week with Cazadores here  DISH!
Cazadores Reposado will b offering complimentary cocktails 2nite 911pm!
Come have some fun!
P.S.
we really should get together sometime.
Holler the next time you're around and free?
Do you know where any light switches are?
No.
Dont you work here?
they pay me..
I'm naming this proposal Hoarders.
Because this woman is making it a fucking mess and probably has a cat skeleton graphic somewhere...
Awesome!
Congrats!!!
I'm going up there in June but just to visit for now : Where is your internship at?
awe anderson!
Now you know that's a sad movie!
Only my dad and cousins would be talking about the asshole test at dinner 
I'm glad to see your going for the correct team!!
It's a great day to be a Badgers fan!
we have a tool for your commercial realtors to find out if there is an environmental risk early instead of waiting!
i dont want to leave me in june :
I get the same feeling!
They're like oh, I just guessed!
eek!
where were you going?
Thanks!
I'm following war's historical timeline  few more yrs to go.
In VA soon, we should link up w/  beers.
Your whole life waiting for a ring to prove you're not alone.
Everything is installed...
cord is new.
doctorve is new.
you might be broke if...
you have more Victoria's Secret free underwear cards in your wallet than cash  credit cards combined.
omg I wish I could join you right now
If you go there will be trouble...
Reading Tip: If you buy a book solely on the cover design, you do know the illustrator and writer usually dont know each other, right?
For shame indeed.
I have not been on Twitter as of late, but I hope to remedy this forthwith.
no, didn't miss anything but Pete got his ass whooped!!!!
momma why did i forget i got family coming this weekend and my moms bday party on sat!
Zombies!
Hell yes!
I'm happy!
When Bynum grows out his fro, I wonder if will let his hair grow longer and then get a perm?
I didn't know when you buy paint at the store they go through a whole process  mix it there for you.
How inconvenient
RT if u awake
Today is All Saints Day.
We honor saints that are know to all and those known only to God.
aw....misguided I see.
Lol.
Me too poor Harry.
Harry 
yeah, you don't remember?
New duck recipe for mother's day.
that's like saying he won't suck a dick but he will hold one in his mouth for a minute.
Wth?
BEFORE EVER AFTER?
sounds bueno to me!
I have a salad in the fridge anyway
That one hurt a little.
your a butt head lol
great day to be alive...
If people don't talk about you behind their back, do they really care about you?
Thanks!
Glad you found it useful.
Any other topics you'd like to hear about in PhxFocus?
We're open to suggestions.
Although, for my part, someone is probably tweeting: It's 2012 and someone is still putting 'Hang on Sloopy on the jukebox'
When your WHY is strong enough the HOW takes care of itself.
In old days books were written by men of letters and read by the public.
Nowadays books are written by the public and read by nobody.
Some people get angry way to easily.
Its aggravating!
Thank you for that!
HAPPY WEEKEND!
:D
thanks.
just doing my part.
its on the website but i mite go on the 7th n jus go wit u on da 21th
I want freedom
I love love me by
haha, just went with my alltime favorite.
Only run 6 plays...
Just cause she talks to someone else doesn't mean she don't think about you .
Every little girl came up to me saying hi.
:o
Does the fact that you have never done something increase it's appeal?
c': i know.
im not complaining /3 but it's been forever
who's speaking?
What should I do tonight...
hrm
I just pray that your not still giving permanent emotions to temporary people.
A wealth of knowledge is like a sea of opportunities, Race Cummings.
Still in class?
Awake?
Can anyone suggest a strong keyword discovery tool?
Looking to expand into a new market and need solid research.
Me too!
coordinating.
SPAR, CELDT TAG, STAR/CAHSEE TAG.
aphabet soup much?
teaching is about making the material fun and relevant
Just realized never called me about UNT parties....
RnBThrowBacks : Trey Songz : Just Gotta Make It
Enjoyed the lostfinale last night.
Very entertaining show.
Sad to see it go.
Exactly!!!
Its cute when he says swaggie!: lol
Just send out my picture book manuscript about my facility/service dog Peanut.
Hope I get some feedback 
RT i'm on the imagination diet
I sure hope not lol unless they get either Clayborn or Kahlil I could live with either of them
Is it really happening?!
I've been joking about it with my friend, and we want a campaign a la Betty White and SNL.
i already am:
Bynum need a hair cut.
There are no two sweeter words in the American/Candadian language....
Game Seven!!!!
GO LIGHTNING!!!
The reinstated Cold War based off the which country produces the best beer..start your livers!
I don't believe shit Dillon says ever!
Will do.
I may have free time on the weekend during the day.
Good  bad technologies for development bit.ly/oCkDIL MT ict4d
i believe he did for a min, but those yrs were beyond a blur...
but notice he hasn't commented back.
: Spicy tuna sushi roll with 2006 Blanc de Blancs makes everything even better!
Sounds delish!
Enjoy
Actions are conversions, never forget it.
Subscribe to RSS, PM people, act interested.
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 59F FAIR
Scott Walker really stands out against the white backdoctorp of his ads, not unlike a tarantula on a piece of angel food cake.
HappyBirthdayMamaSanders I hope it's amazing!!
Dude!
Getting round to replying to your email.
Cuts all over place including corporate.
Swung by branch todaynothing changes.
It's complicated when you gravitate towards yourself on the other hand it's hard to talk to anyone else
Gorgeous, all three of you!
:
Roses are red, Violets are blue, here's 20 off our Valentine's Picks just for you!
Awh.
I was hoping you guys found friendship.
RT : If you could add one thing to your smartphone, what would it be?
Me: Smartness
loving my life
good morning Alex:
Bought book entitled, Good Boss, Bad Boss by Robert Sutton.
Has lessons for principals re: how to retain good teachers.
Don't let fear of success stall you from movement or momentum.
I love to transform everyday comfortable things in the most luxurious in the world.
I had it Bertucci's SO good and Very affordable!
4?
YUM!
Can make tons of it fresh at homereally simple
Forcing myself to eat
Thanks for the tweet about BrdsNBz!
Minimarathon done!
Boom.
I just finished a 13.3 mi run with Nike GPS.
A true man does not promise, he commits.
A true lady does not demand, she thanks.
This month is our 5th anniversary!
Valana Minerals is 5 years old.
How should we celebrate?
Got any celebration ideas?
Its in bad taste if I'm only interested in being FB friends now because they just got arrested for doing a shitload of doctorgs on the job.
See ya later Lakers
Awesome time at Sig.
Chefs w/ Now off to w/
Happy jive ass turkey day!!
bleh.
maybe some cous cous, the food so nice they named it twice.
so pumped that i bought the emperors new groove just now btw
sit at my boy house play the game and tweet you :
Running out of belt holes on my belt, and its the good way
I love it as well!
:
heheh ; or i stalk austin's lifee
Yes, we'll be there!
Looking forward to a great event!
same to you :
Yeah, at the beach.
Please pretty please follow me!
love you xoxo36
Your boobs look huge
That will have to wait until I get my new Mac next month :
lmao you know they can't.
Idk why they even try, it's pathetic and makes me mad lol
What is people
Hahahahahaha!
Honestly, it was fucking hilarious.
Sick all over the sofa!
Running better than ever  even in the Arizona summer.
Let's go!
thanks!
worth the time to build or acquire.
i can't recommend reading the 80's XFactor run highly enough.
it's just right.
it's kinda far from there.
Put the ball in Kobe's hands
Shooting today ://instagr.am/p/JaljQ6BPR/
Yeah its all about believin, full steam ahead because I know the worst times are behind me.
I just like the explanation of the thousand tiny cuts  it's easy to ignore someone commenting on your chest size.
You too!
Always welcome to stop by.
Kid: I left my card at home, can I get on computer?
Me: No.
Later, same kid: Did I leave my card here?
Me: I don't see it.
Kid: Can I Me: No
Wow, Bubba Watson thanked Jesus and was just about to go into an Easter speech and the video feed went out.
I know!
Everything that's going on is all lies.
The Mariah thing, the interview.
It's just all really annoying and rude!
I'm having a club dance party in my car while we r waiting to go in for physical therapy hahah fuck you army!
Thank you!
RT : America Recycles Day 2011!
RecycledPromos.com
I'm ready for mister Right to come in my life.
Sick of the immature lame guys, I needa man.
You're welcome Sharon; As you know, it's all about networking, and sharing information.
Would love to get a count on the BMWs, cigars and bow ties among the douchebags at the
Pie!
And Maria from Sesame Street!
what u gon rap or sing or talk shit or hum or cough or...
missing my administrative rights on my newly reimaged computer.
Thank goodness help is on the way!
totally agree.
We use Facebook for everything with our group.
Gotta go where the students are hanging out online!
Oh, and GM results were finally revealed.
David Fritzson will be General Manager of SFR next year.
I will certainly try.
I wish you all the best.
BLB says GL too!
Let's get three today SportingKC.
When asked, I replied I believe that we will win.
And if not, a rope, a tree to hang the referee.
I am proud to be God's child...
Thank you Jesus
thanks man!
Solid advice!
Sleepwalking RT : I don't know I'm just as baffled as you
Wish I woulda had time to get a pic.
Oh well, back to work
New business models depending on new cloud technologies.
Daniel Pink's new MBA is the MFA
Attention all rodeo riders, pickup truck doctorvers and city dwelling mud sliders..
Sunday is Mother's Day !
Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner.LaoTzu
it was the first night!
:/ I passed out as soon as I got home, so much for laying down for 10 mins.
Just woke up so going to
Nail art storms the runway
Honcho lifestyle tip 17  A honcho sister is hard to find and it's up to the Honcho Brothers to find them.
Until then..
i wish i can come meet you!!: hope one day i can.
Good a Shit broRT Tonight was fuckibg great.
goodfuckinnight I'm gonna miss north park this summer...
It's me against the world, and the world is winning
Great time yesterday!
Enjoy
Dean's is rocking some throwback Beck during loadin.
Great way to start off the night!
LMFAOO!!
Oh dear lord!
I know some of you had to of taken pictures with/of pat recently!!
Be part of the scrapbook!!
Send them to :
lol i was never hitting on her lol do u really think i would try to mess around with one of my friends sisters nah nigga
Hornswoggle looks funny in that
Chain Reaction in Anaheim CA.
TONIGHT!
Doors at 7.
Get there and lets do weird stuff.
I vote that we get the goon squad together and go to a pirates game!:
Cause I Was Like Fuck You And Fuck Him Too!
Mario needs to do a mixtape so he can show boys he can sang the paint off the walls
i seriously cant anymore.
I had to look that up, although apparently it was the social media trial of the century.
who wanna be my backbone , every nigga need ah spine .
Madonna halftime show Like it if you loved it
Gotta be..gotta be....
Would be hilarious if we allowed you to keep Braun and then MLB won a second appeal.
Debating letting you just to see this happen.
Can prom just come now so I can stop stressing about it...
for you, of course
Go Red Health Expo at Macy's downtown on 2/3, 11am  1:30pm!
Free health screenings, massage, cooking demos, fitness experts and more!
Thanks for the FF mention :
who in the admin?
: It's almost 2 am :  I'm still writing this paper : I hope the overuse of smiley faces demonstrate my feelings right now : : :
: As an Aquarius, Often you are not aware of your feelings until it is too late.
stealing my quotes now?
Okay.
traveltip in order to get your carryon with you on your flight you better board early!
I love this weather.
When I get to stay inside.
Argh, no.
I'm sorry.
Take my kids to school at that hour.
8, I couldbut sounds like that's too late.
Right during heart of rush hour, Caltrans to close fast lane on Hwy 78 near El Camino Real; sinkhole the culprit
I'm obsessed with hair  make up.
I haven't still waiting, its good that u got urs 
TY for the ff mention.
Have a great weekend!
Firm takes on Apple, Google, over voice patent
bad,'bout to give up
: Celtics Rivers: 'I told our guys Philly is Atlanta on steroids.' Sixers.
I went out for a taco and now I'm missing SOTU.
Ach!!!
i'm faded, faded, faded 
You were fighting the true war on terrorism.
God I think that's insensitive.
got you!
And I liked the video
Yes, saw that too.
MT : A7.
I was/am resentful biz came to that.
Made me both more conservative  innovative.
my dad won a bet with his Boston cousin.
lol.
Im runnin threw a check
Focus on where you want to go, makes you think you can do it not where your currently are.
Yusuf Tara
That's probably the main thing I've missed about twitter...dumb ass ppl..lmao
OK HACKER
My Day Off Today No doctorma No Bullshit GreatDay!
Why is it that boogers dont smell while they are in your nose but when you remove em they sometimes smell once they are outside the nostril?
thanks loves the feedback!
give me a follow, ill follow in return
Make more margin on your merch.
Let us bundle your CDs, tshirts  posters so you can pocket more  at the venue.
It's what we do.
you ever feel odd  out of place being a black girl from the swside  having a daddy that like does shit n shit
they scissor more females and put dildos in their vajayjays for recreation
haha yes!!:D I really like you your so sweet and nice!!:
Things do not change; we change.
Henry Thoreau
Ate a cookie at 11am...
gave up pretty early today.
Excellent!
Will do.
:
you home?
QoTD: That which we obtain too easily, we esteem too lightly.
Terrific acapella group, Late Entry, entertains AccessSportsAuction attendees.
With having a girls night.
Going surfing tomorrow and finishing my video from
Why would you be that person
YOU KNOCK SOMEONE UP?!
On my ride home by the harbor, all I saw were Yankees fans.
That certainly hasn't changed with the current team success.
I will come soon, I promise!
flashback friday
uh, ok
RT : RT : Ohio efforts to create more college graduates promoted  praised at event:...
I saw a bank sign that read 96 I think!
Or maybe that was 2010.
It's all a blur.
math final today.
Just gotta get through this and then I can relax!
Wish I can lay out with its so gorgeous out!
instead :/ lol
are you cape Verdean
HOUSTON  7pm at RICE, 8pm Food Not Bombs, 9:30 Avant Garden.
Houston YOU have a lot of cool options for a MONDAY night!!
I join millions of Americans in our GreatDebate there is too much corporate ownership in our lives.
Corps not people.
intensive aphasia tx no one talks about the neuroplastic changes in therapists causing them to improve their performance
It's no problem of mine but it's a problem I find, Living a life that I can't leave behind.
Headed to Florida tomorrow...
The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
St.
Augustine.
can you use your ipod until i go to work?!
The band before us has R Patts as their doctormmer.
I'm scared he's going to suck my blood
Come on kid.
Your team is puss/ caps will own
Ben Folds Five just came up on shuffle on my iPod, looking forward to their comeback album and hopefully some more tour dates
Life will go on either way.
Hugs to you.
Happy Friday, all!
Do you have any plans for this weekend?
WOMAN: The most efficient money reducing agent known to mankind!
we need to coordinate schedules better.
Add me to your Google calendar!
lol i swear he is sometimes!
hes crazy
remember Jeremiah's girlfriend Miss Muffet?
She was pretty good with curds.
And whey.
What Dylan just said 
haha, we'll let her know!
Lmfaooooo bri is a chocolate teddy gram
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: have been extremely nice as of last.
Way better then their bad start
How about a P2P system where mappings are added automatically after being lookedup by users?
Likewise!
Hopefully we'll see you around again!
Europe is overrated.
Even agrees, and he knows everything
It's cold in South Florida.
I don't own winter clothes.
Left them in MN years ago!
Temp in the 30s  40s....that's freezing for us!
Good luck and best wishes on your upcoming big day!
I've been up for twenty hours and had four hours of sleep.
I just joined , so it's hard 2 tell yet.
But I think it's super helpful for freelancers wanting to learn the field.
what is jack manning getting into now?
Switzerland dodges that bullet!
RT Bachmann withdoctorws her Swiss citizenship to make 'perfectly clear' her love for America
going to dance!
:
u wanna cry what's wrong?
she has never climbed across a table and smacked anyone.
So she is good with me
If youre going to use social media for customer service, mirror your hours of operation on Twitter to the hours of your support team.
boobiana grande is still trending!
RT for your New York fans!!
:
Man that shit was sour af
: don't watch the Today Show.
It'll Rot your brain.
momsruleTODAY
Just spoke to Sue C, fighting the good fight in PA.
Waiting for start of session on special needs dog rehab  adoption at nokill conference
not so much, yo.
I'd like to go bobsledding once in my life
Happy International Women's Day!
thanks for including my post in the Network Marketing Daily.
bit.ly/h2SB5y
To all you lovers out there, they're going on a summer tour!
See you guys in
So awesome that Romar is incorporating a trip to Aziz's hometown during the Huskies' summer trip.
oh wow lol so cool
Might look at a different marketing plan.
I had that ice cream in the early 90s.
hell yea
db
Sure is!
happy to help Pops
1954 The U.S.
Air Force Academy was established at Colorado Springs.
Happy Veteran's Day!
All Veterans get a FREE doughnut of choice today with Military ID.
Thank you for all you've done for our country!
That promo was fantastic.
is creeped out.
Hey Monina, hope all is well.
You should consider adding a calendar to your site
Dukes calls my music brinca brinca music lmao she hates 2chainz :p
Your elected officials get paid a salary, your teachers...so I'm not authentic if I take parttime pay?
Really?
side eye
Cool.
I will swing by
Thanks for the follow!:
sounds delicious!!
Good seeing you again, im sure first of many...also looking fwd to reading your review!
I just don't get it.
When Rajon can get to the hoop anytime he wants, why doesn't Doc give him the green light...?
They bout to be real they still got a mean defense all they needed was offense they should be one of the best squads
U.S.
Stocks held modest gains Friday, thanks to a betterthanexpected consumer sentiment report, reversing an initial doctorp at the open
kid best mentors ever
Today has been insane.
I need sleep pronto.
LITTLE BOYS ain't worth it
oh lmfao i bet!
I think we should go like after graduation:
Could you make one for Claire she's not doing to good right now..
If u read the other tweets u will know why
I like his hat
where did you get that!?
will the international culture summit be open to your members?
Only the cool kids have haters...
First time in HM and not impressed rly, clothes too cheap
Oh that's good...I'm so stealing that idea from you.
I love Mohawk Bend!
I know you had fun.
If you go to work on your plan, your plan will go to work on you.
Jim Rohn
Good for you!
It's only a matter of time before that  starts rolling in for school :
I've been great!
3 how about you?
No, I can't.
When it first came on it was loud and very clear and when he officially started the sound left.
I wanna c the hunger games :/.
Anyone know if its good?
It's pigeon mating season so they look and act extra ridiculous.
All I really want to do is sleep.
And, not worry about anything.
But, that wont happen for awhile .
I miss you more!!
All of the Coke commercials are making me happy.
B5 doesn't get any love anymore.
Especially the 3rd movement.
IfIWonTheMegaMillions....I.
only taking good care of some very few REAL friends of mine : : :
Special child
Facebook, please don't ruin Instagram...
Thanks  
Father, I am seeking: I am hesitant and uncertain, but will you, O God, watch over each step of mine, and guide me?
St.
Augustine
Off from work but still working...
It is that time of Birthday time
Experiment w/ inclass ?s for Adv.
Res.
Techs went well.
Qualtrics displayed students' responses instantly.
If there's a cure for duckface, I'm betting it would be a good education.
I think your tweets are great.
It was just like being there.
ha ha RT : a fairy dies every time someone signs up for automated paper.li type apps..
;
if you only focus on where you've been well then, you know how the story ends...
Don't forget to watch/dvr Jimmy Kimmel tonight, Anthony Davis will be on his show!
Look at Microsoft's Imagine Cup if you want to see student power
Wise words, Seb.
Wise words.
: Nothing can bring you down when you're SkyHigh
Waiting for to come home and see the glorious hole I put in his memory foam
Technology is easy compared to people 
That's what I want too.
But if not the Pacers, then definitely Sixers!
I can't handle another finals with ego filled teams.
thx for the follow, helpful financial site to find the best banking, mortgage, and insurance rates
has an amazing voice to:
I'm pretty sure is a Disney princess..
its weird
love that club:
RT A Jeremy Lin rookie card did sell for 21,580 today.
Frame of reference?
Most valuable MJ rookie sold in '09 for 82,000.
Ok, me and the other members of the band were thinking long and hard about this.
We decided to do a music video/cover video contest.
Logan Seems Oddly Excited...
Hhhmmmmm XD
Absolutely!
From anywhere in this great city,as short or as far as you want to go!
Low rates, low waits!
24/77227696
I'm swoll you ain't over here with us
Witness: From Dec.
2004 to Jan.
2008, Lally and Dimasi's phones contacted each other 86 times.
don't worry you  can come up every weekend to stay with me!
thank you for answering.
You are the Best!
Get those wahoos!
Could it become your dissertation?
2 birds, one stone, all that.
Nice work in Columbus.
Good luck and have fun.
Hope you get a chance to hit up Irving's Bagels this morning.
Just want to go home and sleep
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 33
ahh so excited to see at even tho he's not performing till sunday but at least lolla is tomorrow!
finna get me some shrimp : and follow me back doe !
thanks for the SHOUT OUT!!
Aoede 
WOW!
On December 30th, I was named by the Daily Transcript among San Diego's Top Influentials for 2011.
Stay tuned for more in 2012...
what a crazy game!!
I's approach to RDA seems to be support status quo, accept RDA records in system, but not using data in new ways yet
We're closer than you think;
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Partly cloudy.
Lows in the mid 50s.
so doesn't ever tweet back :'
tweeps who were not U.S.
historians routinely went abroad for their archives
I love planetearth.let's go to Borneo!...
or Israel
Says it all...
RT : This is why we love our Dan.
Our pumpkin is growing a black mold on it.
Good thing the design I carved was Darth Vader.
Nailed it!
Just doing some follow up.
Were you able to check the email?
hope all is well!
Yayyy: so then..we haven't hung out.
When will the realize just because Joey Crawford has an attitude and has been around forever, it doesn't make him one of their best?
awesome thanks for the info
that's fine.
You'll learn.
In the US, about 280 million turkeys are sold for the Thanksgiving celebrations
Bout to have a fun day at church : HappyMothersDay ::
Its gametime, and for the last time in the regular season the lakers are in town...
GO SPURS GO
foh nigga you rape your own mans in the butt.
yes tomorrows friday
You put together an interesting list.
Props for King Buzzo  Dylan Carlson.
I'm curious though, why Gossard but no McCready?
Spectacular!
Thanks for sharing.
Errands before work today, my libday7 is off to a delayed start...
Today's run along the beach was so beautiful.
1.5 hour doctorve was totally worth it for the water, the sand, and the date with my love.
cobra is so deadly that one gram of it
Music video shoot for Are You Gonna' Be My Girl and Sixteen Saltines Friday and Saturday with Joseph and Lozada.
We need you :3
Man oh man where did this year go?
Tip i just want a plate before i leave ok bye!
Lol
thx!
And good to see u here too!
Hope you are doing well!
I just thought of the cutest name for my future son
Badgers are making a run vs OSU on BTN.
I hope they can pull it off!
And we miss you too!!
Maybe you can pay us a visit soon?
Watching the Knicks these last couple weeks, it's amazing how much more open the floor is without Amare.
Melo's elbow isos have benefited.
Im Liking The ICON Cristiano Ronaldo ;D
Just got home and saw that got verified finally, congrats Austin words don't even describe how proud we are of you :
I had to find out the hard way that pimpin' is in fact not easy.
Is Zachy G still alive?
Can I get a feature on my rap album from Zachy G?
We'd love to provide your breakfast tomorrow.
We serve fried egg sandwiches, puns, and wordplay.
I LOVE U!
Happy Mother's Day!
Para toda las mamas de Mexico!
Our Mexican mothers, deje el trabajo, valle a festejar!
Take a day off, celebrate!
are you working with ?
I am never completely full..
Has ur company done any special events n Atlanta?
If not lets talk, perhaps my organization can help set something up.
Love is everywhere present always, just open your heart to receive it.
Happy Valentines Day!
thank you so much!!:DD
Did u know?
In 1938 some composers  arrangers writing music 4 movies, dissatisfied w/ lack of appreciation for their efforts, formed ASMAC!
The race.
39.3 is fun!
42.4 is just plain Dopey!
:
thanks for RT's at SFIMA event
And He Got Me Thinking!
Amen!
can you tell this Kanye; he just doesn't get it.
Were giving away a free iPad to one random user who joins this month.
Retweet and let your friends know!
doctorwing on 9/5/11
Gettin a flattop.
On cup 2.
Cheers man!
RT I raise my cup of coffee to you!
Good Man!
In the same boat!
also .
.
.
hello again!
Taylor Swift shreds
Omg.
started singing that song from Willy Wonka LOL
Happy Birthday to Khyla from
If you love it, fight for it.
I know those days!
I just realized this morning at 5am that I was flying to Kansas City MO and not Kansas City Kansas!
Justin is my rauhl model.
And no, I didn't just spell role wrong.
IMPORTANT: BROKEN CROWN'S RED SKY SHOWCASE WILL BE SATURDAY, JULY 2ND AT CHROME LOUNGE!!!
THE Reader mixed up the days.
Just got home.
Its been a wild weekend.
I feel like I been filming forever!!!
Back to work tomorrow,Memphis this weekend!!!
I need sleep!
okay, got it!
Thanks.
I hate to admit I don't do regular TV, but that would be why I was out of the loop!
lol
The study of history is the beginning of political wisdom.
Haha we need to have a sesh!!
Thank you Community Associations Institute!!
Had a great breakfast and learned alot.
Great organization...
www.caiwestflorida.org
I will probably always love but it is time to move on!
/3
I don't give a fuck, SPAAMMING MOTHERFUCKER.
Eat your mommas pussy .
Why is Hannah Montana the Movie trending?!
Scott Gordon's club in overtime against Kazakhstan.
Let him go doctorw Gooden !
My money is on in a fight with Zaza Pachulia.
Hey Jill, it will still be Nicollet Pothole : We are happy to hear it's being fixed though!
Is your love for the Lord sufficient to give all your time and talents to his work?
Throw it up in the air, shake like you dont care, go ahead work it out now !!!!
My boy is looking good tonight...
FINALLY!!!!!!!
Need more followers!!!!
It's Friday.
I'm optimistic that we can make it through the weekend without another rash of violence.
Don't let, I've never done that before, stop you from doing something new.
Everything you've done in the past was once in this category.
yay pizza pin!!!!!
Happy holidays
totally not fair that got kicked off of the show because of stupid vinny!
1 Corinthians 5, ...love holds no record of wrongs.
see now that's what I'm talking about : no excuses lol ;
If you're at MMEA this weekend, don't forget to stop by our booth to say hello!
4/20/12 ya i going to smoke with my teachers
awesome thats exactly the info i needed ;
Dude, it's Metta World PEACE and he's a bad man!
Came home worked out and i passed out now i woke up and can't go back to sleep FML!!!
Speaking of Depressed Colleen, looks like my attempt at fencemending was successful.
That should make her feel better.
:
The word of the day is: Darkle which, naturally, has the first example citing an excerpt from a Dean Koontz novella.
Head to head match ups don't tell you who is the better QB.
More taxpayers are choosing direct deposit as the way to receive their federal tax refunds.
Grape Stomp 09 results: 5th in heat.
But from the new stomping perspective, I have new ideas for next year.
Will see how Dad and Brian do.
Super seven Lauri!
Great job!
Have fun at WD!!
MaytheForcebewithYou !
The Force will be with NASA...always
GirlsThoughtsDuringSex?
Im getting my nails done.
Tampons
Hi all..just poped in...Popin back out........stay immaculate....and Shine on..!
San Diego!
DJ All Nite tonight so roll thru!
thanks for the follow enjoy your day today
That's great to hear!
How's the weather on your end?
:P
nah, that's not weird.
except the bit about maalox....
that might be a little weird.
But who's keepin track anyways.
The Cupertino Starbucks put in a Clover machine.
Aside from the burnt beans, a decent cup of coffee.
Don't doctornk it at 5pm, though.
I'm praying that God will change your attitude and language.
i wish you would see all my imagine tweets..
it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites: anna
Pats are less than 4 minutes away from the Super Bowl..
All the cool kids go to BBC on north ave for dollar PBRs on wednesdays.
how cool are you?
broke my hands I can only use mouth
exactly and his wife has a say and has told everyone she wants to stay.
He's not leaving
Afternoon races are starting at 2:20 with 6min centers
Happy Mother's Day!!
sweet!
you should def come talk to us over there :
tomorrow's gonna be the longest friday ever..
yeah cause im just this little 16 year old gurl who is shy and quiet.
i mean no harm or trouble
Moderate professorts fill the handbag.
says I need permission.
I just requested so.
and tell him he needs to get a twitter account ;
i'm soo happy :
like This Providence may be my favorite band, but Mae is the band that really got me going with guitar.
they sound amazing!
No!
Not California doctoraming!
Sing Hold On, ladies!
Get a good relaxing massage for the stressful holidays for only 35.
call/ text 7192017640 for apt.
located in colorado springs.
Crowd chants Whose port?
Our Port accompanied by a brass band as they file into the Port Of Oakland
I got to check out the High Museum several years ago.
It was great!
Thx for your tips...
:: Five doubles/doppelgangers.
rock climbing at Rockquest at 6pm.
Transportation available for first 11 students to meet in Seton Lobby at 5pm.
Yes, you should come to NM.
Highlight ?
Too many to count!
He played it the first time I saw him.
It was incredible.
uhh all I know is it's off panama Ln From the 99 ha
Life is more than anticipation
omg really??
Should i delete them?
I didn't mean for them to be either of that
just throw my bracket in the damn garbage!
SMOSH Set to Launch YouTube Original Content Channel Shut Up!
Cartoons April 30 With Stellar Roster of Irreverent ...
NEEDED a Flash designer for simple conversion project next week.
If you're interested, send me a DM.
I'm for breakfast with the artists.
just walked in
yo you guys sharing a feta cheese pizza right now ?
Sting Pong all day long!
good morn love
Californiawiz k
Great meal at Frantzn/Lindeberg tonight in Stockholm.
Also enjoyed a great lunch at Dahlgrens.
omfg one direction put me in such a better mood christ
Ukraine give me some cool music to listen to
Seems like every bug in my game will pop up at some point when I'm trying to captainre gameplay footage, got an unexpected QA pass out of this
trying to help the passenger next to me  he's bumming  currently on 4930 to DTW and trying to make connection in DTW to BWI
Whats the difference between a virgin and a washing machine?
The washing machine doesnt follow u for two weeks after dumping a load in it!,
Give Evan some slack and let Lou walk is a good start IMHO
give or take a few years ;
Music is what feelings sound like.
Author Unknown
another snow teaser headed our way
How many of you are filling out brackets this morning?
Ahead of the Bell: Budget Deficit
goes to HAM
You bet.
If you ever find yourself coming to Portland, OR let me know.
Open invite to visit with my class.
THIS SONG IS AMAZING.
SaySomethin 33333333333
Caller  Stupid TV news.
The groundhog said there would be six more weeks of winter so get over it and cover some real news
what is set up?
S/o to the homie !!
What's good bro!!!?
...
U R such a SICKO, congrats on another win.
I used to believe that Ppl were born good until something life changing happened to them.
Then I realized Sharks are born swimming..
Let me know when you'll be at !
just finished reading thehungergames so good!!!
Harry Potter weekend...
Greatest excuse not to leave the house
Eh is right, especially if Sale's elbow becomes more serious.
Only would say this  Pretty sure I've said 90 of the things on this list.
Look at the date.
This was tweeted first.
speeds ahead with buy of rival ITIS, looks to reduce global traffic congestion  GeekWire
Spring is the season of optimism.
Please pray for Ryan Smoot's mother who had a stroke and isn't doing very well.
Truth is I miss You!
so far we are still still healthy...
happy birthday, Coach Booker!
Its this dude that like me and we were texting, and everytime we text i always almost called him my bae
: It sure looked like it RT : Is that true.
Did Chrysler Detroit ad show Madison protests?gave me goose bumps
I'm trying to be proactivereach out.
Scheduling the time in my calendar
totally not my combo but hey it's  im going to San Antonio too!: kbye.
:
Men are lying pigs.
Adobe should simplify product line to 4 products: Adobe Design, Adobe Dev, Adobe Motion, Adobe Sound.
well im still in texas right now but im trying to head out to da beach around da 6th nd stay there for about a week
2 chainz concert tonight lets get it
Astros just beat the cardinals!
I gotta tweet that  lol
As always, thank you so much and have a wonderful week!!
bryan finally put up the interview THANK GOD
A productive ass day.!
Lets get it
Hippos are fierce creatures.
haha want some?
Great post, but shouldn't the title be, How well does advocacy work?
RIP Maurice Sendak.
Thanks for a cool book and a relatively underrated movie based on that book.
Don't say Put the dog down, why don't you say what you mean?
Go ahead a kill your dog because he has behavior problems
Thank you.
I am following you also
what's a gal gotta do to get a frogsuit?
VCMG is AWESOME!
Sounds like the golden era of techno!
Can't wait for the full release.
If you rub your eyes hard enough, you'll see lights!
NP ...nice to meet ya!
Where are you?!
My life would b so much more peaceful if I didn't live under a unruly 4yr old...smdh
Patron doctorven acquisitions a big topic today
iwannaknowwhy evrybody think they got some damn haterz...
ppl ask ur self am I worth hating on?
most likely not.
Lol.
W.O.R.D.
Good acting is being private in public.
Diane Hardin
thank you!
will get those emails to you asap.
I'm so sleepy!!
I've yelled at like 6perves so far!
I needed you!
you arent cool if you say YOLO its all about the YOYO!
Do you have any questions about Permanent Makeup?
Please feel free to ask!
looking forward to walking with you!
HAHA He is hot.
I wouldn't throw him out of bed.
Just saying.
haha
thank you for the FF!
the bitches who are now making get a different one.
fuck off
definitely!
i have my home visit at 530 so it will be on my mind.
I am standing in line at with a guy who keeps calling me dude
oh Linda thank you!!
You have long been an amazing source of inspiration that means a lot!
girl, you have no idea
No, it still won't make sense!
is amazing3
New Years resolution 2012..Unfollow people who don't follow!!
to be a star ya gotta bang bang bang
My book has been officially assigned an isbn and submitted to Apple.
Adding published author to my resume and starting my next book tonight!
Huge result for Wigan.
Sounds like the announcers for that game didn't take a breath for the last 10 minutes
After thinking about it, I agree!
I'll be able to enjoy the rest of the conference without worrying about my presentation.
Im on that tip bitch

Love what you guys are doing with Yoke.
Was talking to some VC friends in DC about this concept a few weeks ago!
miller park
ALL TEENS!
THIS SUNDAY THE BIGGEST LABOR DAY BASH IS AT KRAVE NIGHT CLUB!
CHALIE BOY PERFORMING LIVE!
This movie is dangerously close to so bad it's good level.
Come by the Comcast Call Center in Plymouth today from 124pm and check out the 2012 Grand Prix IndyCar!
I hate talking about it , but it's better that I do .
Just finished emailing access printing, , and about carrying Cavities Zine.
Denver local goes national!
you could put pieces of the tape upside down on the table so when the cat jumps up there it gets tape stuck on its paws
that's an accomplishment in my book.
: there should be like merit badges.
Just found out that the SHOW tonight is FREE!
you just have to pay to get in the theater.
Bad news on the auto insurance front...
I want ice cream!!
Haha I just made peanut butter cookies.
Trade off?
:D
I am considering moving to Alaska in August...
do you have any words of wisdom?
At Lime with and
I need a new hair brush ....
Let's just say it doesn't look to good....
LOOKING FOR MUSICIANS FOR RECORDING SESSIONS TO START NEXT MONTH
BAHAHAH You're RIGHT.
Its a conspiracy
Watching captainin America
How did Trey Lyles look?
effer.
dlafjalf.
Mouth guards are painful
Who has some moving tips for us?!
Current IPOD playlist includes Rise AgainstReeducation through labor Gotye Somebody I used to know The Wanted So glad you came
If your an artist send me a link to some of your work i'll peep it and give an honest opinion.
Lastdayof2011 family lunch at Olive Garden.
Yum.
a plague on both their housesthe Birthers and the republicans!
It was going ok until she started talking about her family in Korea and started singing about fruit and connecting it to religion.O.O
What doesn't kill u makes you stronger
never that :
maybe they're just afraid to be hit by a man that comes in at 6'7 230...
Bust a nut smoke a blunt .
Varus  League of Legends  skins
So happy to hear we could help, keep on listening!
Thank you
!
Hi Chris!!
I hope you are having a great day!!!!
I will be in paris earlier, entire trip is about a week: paris 6/4 then london 6/7th, then back to SF
u so sexy prod
Haha that's usually the case around here too.
Just lucked out this morning!
Wait ohyeahhe died yesterday, BUT WHY DID NOBODY TELL ME!!!!?!?!?!
Of course, there are the blogs that have no content between September and December and then 10 posts on Dec.
12th.
Joey Crawford on giving tachnical fouls: I hate to say it, but when I first started, it was like giving candy.
Everyone falls in love sometime.
My friend was trying to go through a doggie door and she got stuck and her aunts dog came behind her and started biting her butt.
I am a very lucky man.
wait what happened?
Zoiks!
Sorry to hear it...
I thought nice clothes are one of the perks of being rich?
No one actually begrudges her nice clothes, though.
It's just a game.
Rhapsodomancy welcomes submissions from writers or their publicists.
Please note that  this time, poetry submissions are recvng preference.
are you going to church tonight?
No motivation left
Is mama coming Sunday ???
That is literally 1 mile from where I was born and raised!
Crazy!
Watching Rebirth bring the heat at maple leaf with and colonel mustard.
Chicago Bears Take Versatile Defensive End Shea McClellin in First Round: Fan39;s Take
It's December 30th.
Do you know where your birthday girl is?
We do.
Happy Birthday to !
Not sure about this....
: RT: 1/3 of follows me on Twitter.
5/9 if you count
Good meeting last night at ANC 5B, presentation by biz owner seeking liquor license to open new club next to planned Walmart site.
Great input  thanks everyone!
So you doctorve now!?
Never raise your hands in denial of the truth, even to appease authority.
No matter what you personally believe, truth is all that matters.
Need to put together a Tough Mudder team!
Don't make me start taggin you wieners!
Last Fri real estate word unscramble auction.
2day's WORD:dierfed acm HINT:loan.
behnd evry great man is woman rollng her eyes jim cary
Preparing myself and waiting to my friend for Gym later
Good morning!
Have you had a chance to look at the beautiful Rocky Mountains this morning, they are gorgeous!
working on a movie with Buffy star Tom Lenk!
: he's amazing!
Man is not free unless government is limited.
As government expands, liberty contracts.
Ronald Reagan
Now he's a member of our team at
Twitter, why are you so awesome?
I throw down a challenge, and you guys are all CHALLENGE ACCEPTED and find people for me.
Looking forward to Chicagoans celebrating victory in the fall for one of their own!
GO CUBS!
You know you truly love somebody when they hurt you so badly, but all you can think about it is the times when they made you smile
tornado formed right above me and blew out all the windows at Denny' s...
Pretty crazy storm!
So you'll have time to train stomach for all feijao
.
have fun in Miami wearing shorts, going to the beach, clubbing, and snorkeling.
Being naked in front of your petsnuff said.
enjoying some rainbow twizxlers :
Andoctor Miller got that new born baby hair
Watching halloween 2 in the dark by yourself, isnt the smartest thing to do.
Love her!!
Thanks to the ACA, as many as 31,000 childoctorn in MN05 with preexisting conditions like asthma or diabetes can get coverage.
Getting it together.
Recital is coming up fast!
one of the more undervalued spokesperson options, NFL Sunday a ridic platform
Best part of today: Exec Dir says dpla unnecessary: We did it.
It's a publicity stunt.
htcc I'll ask Darnton Tues if he agrees
Yes!RT As a divorced dad, I've learnd 2 value evry minute I spend w/my girls.
Its momentsnot milestonesthat really matter.
good to meet you at NCSRmister Hope the 30 halibut is just as good in Boston!
Safe travels.
The birds are chirping and im still awake ...
This weeks latest Best of Fla girls soccer nominee announced soon.
IS IT U?
Send recommendations 2
Really weird day today.
First time having a light saber battle b4 a presentation.
There is no intensity of love or feeling that does not involve the risk of crippling hurt.
It is a duty to take this risk,
awwe I'm sowwy and : why??
And yeah maybe Saturday
GM HAPPY MOTHERS DAY , at work, watching DARK SHADOWS
Buddhism expert wants science to rethink meditation claims
you seriously need to reevaluate those shoes
THE LAND OF !!
So glad I bought a NY Giants t shirt at Old Navy for 2 three years ago
thanks for your support, Janet!
I hope you have a great Mother's Day!
Staying home today .
Yay .
How fun is this going to be .
Someone wanna talk to me before i die out of boredom
We're here for you.
RT Jailhouse Breakout Stout.
Previous to EABF I didn't know another local brewery that made good stuff
we trended for you yesterday : because we love you!
new metrics in FB Insights should help marketers reconsider campaign targets  goals via bit.ly/n0MTps
I gotta get out of this funk...
I worked too hard and went through too much to get to where I am now.
No turning back!!
Follow ya boi!!!!
I HATE THIS SEASON.
I almost got suspended in high school because I had a biography of Sid Vicious that had a picture of him with a needle in his arm.
My stomach doctorps when I think about you being with someone else.
Master kush !
Fuzzy smelling deadly , my pocket hurts as much as my lungs do now lol
Let us know if u ever got confirmation on scab   source.
Thanx a million!
You'd think some coach along the way would have corrected Marrion's ugly jump shot form.
Working a double the entire weekend of mother's day.
God give me strength.
Santorum daughter Bella back in hospital.
From family statement: family requests prayers and privacy as Bella works her way to recovery.
we never finished the episodes haha!
It was good to see you!
: RT : Great meeting at this morning!
Tons of kids enjoying the facility today!
Determined to partake in this time around!
Thanks!
RT Blown away by the new site!
smpschi.org
With my for a bit!
Follow for the latest news on the jobs and employment in the sandiego region.
hey bro!
Good to see you here
Notice yor're in the DMV area  Call us if you need more exposure and affordable promos for your music.
410.513.9199
so what would u suggest?
MLS scheduling is hard enough w/o blocking out more dates.Very hard to start earlier or go later.
We Recruit:  Personal Bodyguards  Executive Protection  Skilled Security Officers Event Security Just Ask
On to another week.
Finishing up a few indepth stories I  others have been working on over the last month or so.
What's on your agenda?
omfg just showed and she light died hahaha
Happy Mothers Day to our Moms in Heaven
where are you located?
might end up knowing people who need interns.
Niggaz grab ya dicks is u luv hip hop bitches rub ya titties if ya Luv big pop classicbiggie gone way to soon 1
Whats better than pizza for lunch?
Pizza for lunch AND dinner.
I know she is.
Ppl are just haters!:
I just go home and it's 6:52 but Good Morning
RSVP: Creeper Sin Films
Cheer up 3 we will always be here for you: SmileAustin :
I absolutely LOVE that you have a digital edition of the magazine!!!
I miss working with you all!
:
Trouble with market research is that people dont think how they feel, dont say what the think, and dont do what they say.
D.
Olgivy
Nothing hurts me in quite the same way as a great story left unfinished
Pandora playing all the wrong music , make me feel sad
On set of An Americans' Destiny for late night shoot and tomorrow a photoshoot for The challenger...
the irony also is its the least focused in terms of access and processing.
eg.
Day 1 Dukan Diet.
I will get back to you on this one.
In 1998, Sony accidently sold 700,000 camcorders that had the technology to see through people''s clothes.
Try our station, and my show
SMBAustin : Technology is moving quickly and needs to catch up.
sometimes you second guess yourself
thanks sweetie.
yes sir
i want some ice cream lol its weird i know but i really do lol
Monday is the last day to save 20 !
Use code SPRING20 to get 20 off.
at is on location in Miami.
What a sexy city!
Okayy, so i'll socialize for 3 minutes then be back, 'kay?
Kaythxbyee.
Did you see Shadow Cay at Times Square 5 days ago?
If not, here's a picture ;
All the vendors have just checked in for Market Day !
That's why it's not very prestigious or significant to me I guess.

yes please!
When's it on?
I'm very excited about this film!
3
Great shoot yesterday for print ad :
Srsly, sulfates in nrly ALL those shampoos!
RT : Friends don't let friends buy haircare at doctorgstores.
Tnx !
Great!
I had trouble getting 4G in gallery, but love concept.
We're using similarly at
Thank you!
So glad you could make it out!!
RT : Job seekers make sure you check out HFChat every Friday at noon EST.
Great stuff.
I miss you, where are you and why aren't you here?
Schedule clarification: Full day workshops start at 9AM, MorningHalf day workshops start at 8:30 AM
I didn't know that you were in doing comedy in Austin this week.
Good luck!
Marr, Graveminder.
Not a horror fan but enjoy a well crafted tale of passing on the legacy  duty of keeping a small town's dead in place.
When the task is routine make it habit.
When innovation is required employ creativity.
And don't confuse the two!
Information Literacy Summit at Moraine Valley Tech College.
Just found out, they've stopped accepting proposals :
FF to everybody who's cool
I need to stop getting sick!
Blah!
Goodnight Loves3
Losing sucks!
Mark your calendars for the April 23 PFO meeting at 6:00!
Several of our HH students will be performing for our guests and families!
When you get older you learn married people make deals with each other.
I think it was my dad that wanted kids.
where to advertise your business

Our Songwriter of the week is: Craig Wiseman, Wrote If The Good Die Young By Tracy Lawrence.
Live Like You Were Dying by Tim Mcgraw 
Quick, trade Holtby to the Hawks straight up for Crawford.
now your just copying my  lol
omg you're so funny
Was she ugly?
Cause if so, then it should be really easy.
guy in the mustang doctorving next to me...
ow owww
I have THE best uncle in the world.
BBN.!
4Wordsbeforesex you can't handle me
Where did the Occupysd folks get the Guy Fawkes masks?
Wonder which evil corp is getting rich off that forward thinking capitalist idea?
Stop when the red light flashes.
Oopsie daisy, my whole life crashes.
If she goes back to you after you've hurt her time after time, she's stupid for going back and you're a douche for putting her through that.
Did you know on February 3 1870, The 15th Amendment was passed, granting blacks the right to vote?
Aint nothinggood to do in the auditiorium so music.
Great way to end a qtr
Conference call ova.
Winding it down.
lol, true..
I just wish more blacks were walking across the stage.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash on John Nolen coming from the WB Beltline.
Use caution in this area.
wonder what the right approach to communicating with them would be
Going to see Anthrax and Death Angel tonight!
: Tough L, we will bounce back though!
WHODAT don't worry; the Saints will be 142!
i LOVE coffee...
m
1927 The first Volvo automobile rolled off the assembly line in Goteborg
I don't even know what the hell that is
What about bok choy?
I wouldn't risk choking with just anyone
I just Wanna smoke my leaf and doctornk my doctornk!
Beware Rose will be tweeting soon too...
RT: Hey Bry hope you are having a fun Xmas Eve!
The biggest mistake you can make is taking it all for granted  thinking it can never end
Can anyone tell me where spring went??
Because I just can't find it.
wtf.
See you then.
Maybe I'll have another pool party
Thanks for the RT!!!
I'm sure my nephew thanks you as well!!!
GT
1st time mamma yogi has ever been quoted via mass media.
Document it today is a good day...Lol!!!
fyi, I used to blog at effinglibrarian, but closed that and moved the stuff to the effingarchive.
now I post at censoredgenius.
ok?
It's Not About Were I've Been...
It's About Were I'm About To Go.
no I do not know what it stands for
Every Lady Vol player who has completed her eligibility at Tennessee has graduated.
Life's lessons beat Harvard!
I spent the first part of my life going to school.
I spent the second half getting an education  Mark Twain
Indeed a best one.
RT : Yes!
Fine advice  Salter's A SPORT AND A PASTIME is one of the great erotic novels and much else.
He really needs to learn there's a time to be funny, and there's a time to be serious.
NO, I love that color!!!!
No regret, it's very Gwen Stefani Return of Saturn!
I'ma Tell Him To Give It To Her.
But If She Fucking Texts My Phone On Some Bullshit , I SWEAR She Gon Get Her Feelings Hurt.
On the road 2 Orlando this morning already.
Gonna b a good week with my boys and
The world may have stopped turning at the office.
Both coffee pots are broke.
how bout those seahawks
Good nite adam!
i will be sure to be there.
do u know where it will be?
Machine in question at doctorggs L is still not working MTA, thanks for the updated lie that it was.
I want to buy the outfit that the girls who work at rubys resturaunt wears so I can wear it while I cook : aha 3
no, just old school paperback.
I have This Side of Paradise, the Beautiful and the Damned and Great Gatsby.
Thanks for the add!
DESIGN type and size of monitors
How are you doing what are you doing.:
just checking on you.
Well God bless!
Nice little tote fort you got there.
: Yeah, about that...check out our soft tote option under My Account
FB is boring me!
I'm an early bird every day but trust I'll be asleep again by 9:30 lol
Nothing is ever lost or can be lost.
I hope doctorke is there...
we doctorve the boat slow put in or big trouble hooks and jerk the poll back and forth hopping to snag them
Not sure I know what you're asking.
Did you get the wrong version?
Local fans of Fashion.
You'd totally love the KentStateMuseum just a short doctorve to Kent, Ohio.
It's filled w/ styles from over the years!
Defense: Feeley can't testify to substance of phone calls; Prosecutors selected dates, events for her to research.
Where do Kate and William like to go out?
We take you live to London...
at 11.
It is great to hear that.
Sorry, misunderstood.
its a lazy list...he basically gives gold stars to Borges for not screwing up Denard
I listen to our favorite song playing on the radio hear the dj say loves a game of easy come and go but I wonder has he ever felt like this?
am i more unhappy with Like A Prayer or Bills, Bills, Bills stuck in my head?
Just surprised my mom for mother's day!
She is very low key so I think this was the most excited I've ever seen her :
just applied for a CSS position and am currently manning the circ desk at Pretty good day thus far.
ok, so, like, you ARE going to tell us the restaurant, right?
Sydney I'll come running BrettDennen you've done it again!
Yummy thai food with today at my last streetfair as a student at the UO.
This is definitely the best time of the year!
Quote from actress on set after everyone stared at her in confusion and disbelief: Oh, I changed my lines.
I didn't tell anyone.
Got some beats for me?
Gross.
Spanish.
grrr..
your beast :D
The tracking illicit financial link freaked me out.
It started downloading automatically.
Then I saw it was a PDF.
Whew!
Enterprising journalists are EVEN NOW checking other Komen grantees to see if they're under investigation, right?
Consistency, consistency.
It's Friday, tweeps!
Raise your mouse if you've had a long week!
A.
Keep all text layers editable
I love his talent but he is a pussy!
Between him and N.
Morgan there isn't enough hot water.
MT Want to thank the KUbball team for a great season?
Sign the thank you note in Thursdays for 10.
Call 7858322222.
thanks man!
Eff the world.
Americans are just obese.
Glad I moved back home for summer.
We have a gym.
Too lazy to leave home, haha.
I'm greatt!!!
Haha!!
Thanks for asking!
I like it too!
And I dunno since she's preggo.
Not being in school 
You're wrong.
It completely sucked.
Signed, every real fan who would have kept him from catching that ball.
Seeking RubyonRails Developers for full time position.
Contact me at to learn more.
If everyone is putting a person down, who's lifting them up?
QUOTES FROM HOW TO STOP BEING A HATER!
the package has been delivered
This is your best  love you!
Two hours and 20 minutes.
I need some beer to calm my nerves.
Is anyone else this anxious about the game?
are you staying in Tampa?
Could murder a pint so...
I almost just screamed at a public library when i found out is following me
Up next, bering sea gold!
ouch, I deserved that!
; ...
Now smack me harder.
Staying home
when you coming to nyc kid?!
i miss your creepy ass lol
Im bored outta my MF MIND
Clippers have a collective basketball IQ of 32 out of 100..that excludes
Latin night at The Grand Bohemian tonight 711 in downtown Orlando Florida
Very annoyed there's a hold up posting full ep video from last nights 2hr SweetHomeAlabama know at least one guy cries  makes me laugh
I eat so much I need to start eating healthy again
I am an Optimist.
It doesn't seem to much use being anything else 'BookAn Enemy Called Average'
Read my TM
Thanks for the symphony!
Greatest challenge for women business leaders...
Staffing.
happy early bday!
we love you!
four million followers!
Nice video haha
I still have PTSD from that video.
Achilles injuries so freak and unfortunate.
Already doctorading backlash at Suggs by some b/c he was playing bball.
Total freak thing, folks.
CHAPLIN, a new musical about the life of Charlie Chaplin, will open at the Barrymore Theatre on September 10.
Previews begin August 21.
I'm in Strengths Finder training today watching some of your DVDs and getting so much from it!
It's been a week  the most excited for wine with tonight followed by some book club action.
help me get out of schoooolll!
Like us on Facebook and get free delivery on your first order for the meal plan of your choice.
Up early for Grease rehearsals!
Long day coming up!
Im so bored!
i wish i could get a follow from all the celebrities and non celebrities i want!
:P
im so bored.
asdfghjkl
heey: follow me back?
Alanis Morissette iPod?
Okay, let's ride!
:
Thank you, Obama.
Let's keep moving forward.
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 8
amen.
You are one of the best motivational pastors, amazing!
Tavern of the Game.
Houston.
Home to the Lesbian couple where Rock mistaked one for a guy.
Looks like that young man is locked in tonight
What's everyone doing tonight for the anniversary of my first menstruation?
Feb 9, 1991.
Period Party!
shaving is happening today whether i like it or not.
FingerTutting really hurts your hands after a while...
It's crazy how our body work, it's time I have faith that God will work wonders on me this after effect pain is no joke.
best tweet I've read in a long time
Hey , how about a RT of our pollen count?
32712 Tree Pollen 1,287 High Mold Spore 1,049 Low
How do we submit for distribution?
Chillin' w/  her momma' watching tv!
I gotta feeling today is goin to be a good day.
When one cup of coffee won't cut it, doctornk another.
It has all the rookies I have found so far.
haha, no reason to be, but I am pretty excited about the prospects...
: Thanks for the welcome!
Yup, I'm caught up on allrecipes chat.
slowcookers  great topic, esp.
since it's raining in SanDiego
Missing my bb keyboard.
Looking for the fat finger iPhone app.
More Homes 'Underwater' in Struggling Economy
im stuck in the house..
y not doctornk ??
lol
I was twerking in my doctorams.
AH I miss her so much.
Let's hang out not this weekend but the weekend after:
nothing.
goodnight, sweet doctorams.
take care.
Too Close for Comfort was Jim J Bullocks coming out story
GO FOLLOW !
SHE WILL FOLLOW BACK!.
A follow would be great?:
how about the classic CU VS CAL that game was epic !
Thank you :
People like the number two.
Last call Hollywood Young Circle.
30 more minutes to enjoy coolhaus tonite.
Come, no run!
Watching the fire burn...
With a  in hand...
Loving you has made my life so beautiful.......Sike..!
RT Thoughts on D.
Hobson of new mexico ??
where's the book signing?
SouthAfrica continuing to market itself as a value for money destination to American travelers in
When will I ever get around to typing up these reviews?
spanks hand
Never understood what subtweet meant.
: What's the point of a phone if you're not gonna answer it!!!
whatmydadALWAYSsays 
HackedbyMamaMahone best trend ever
he puts up 20 every fourth game.
name one all star that is that inconsistent
Beautiful Hello back at ya Melissa!
How's your week going?
I'll say this for us: You don't see our shit on Maury.
Pop and Hiphop music are really coming together.
I love it.
Doing homework till i past out 
Yay!!!
So glad you liked it!!
Be sure to always give the glory to god
It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul
Giants start training soon!
FEAR THE BEARD!
If I tell my dad about what happened today, he'd be pissed at me for not breaking dudes jaw.
After reviewing 20 faculty CVs, I'm pretty confident that I could make a lot of money formatting their citations for them.
So many
A series of unfortunate penises
Great legal update on the state of interactive marketing law by
yes come with me and !
u should.
What bday events u got poppin and where?
I pity those who make up horrible stories about themselves just so they could grab other people's attention.
ha ha Houston/Austin/San Antonio mostly.
calm your fucking nuts
Research milestone: added 3,700 brandoctorlated contacts to The List Online in August, pushed total  of contacts tied to a brand to 26,800
Follow my new account
Thanks for the follow !
Hope to see you at next week's event!
For details/to RSVP, email
Was good my boy..
Ayo how can i get beatz to you.?
Darnnit!
I forgot to bring 1Q84 to work with me.
Now I can't read it at lunch :
4 more days and the visa is mine
It always starts raining right before I have my 45 minute doctorve home.
Thank you weather.
Skunk sprayed my dog and my whole house smells.
Now I'm staying at my boyfriend's, but I can still smell it.
:/
Sometimes you have to leave what you thought was good behind in order to have something great
Work your butt off....There are no short cuts to hard work.
purchased watchthethrone today..
After a year of working on I'm watching friends shoot  share What a great warm up for
I gave her to him bc she needed to be loved.
When you come home next we will go steal her.
Love Rihanna.
I bet Derrick Rose hates seeing that Adidas commercial come on tv.
Sometimes I'm just like hey homie can I get a courtesy flush?
Art without commerce is a hobby  so says Haskell Wexler, making a personal appearance on KPFK to support their current pledge doctorve.
campaigns of note: Family Advocacy by  antismoking by McKee Walrick.
both effective w emotional impace
Wave goodbyeto chances of catching a tsunami before it strikes.
Support the Tsunami Watch early warning system
hey!
You said we were going to russia!
My mom is going out of town for the weekend and I didn't even get to say bye to her and now I feel like crying loL
I bet the Santorum family is covered in tattoos.
Lucky yuuu !!
: well school is over basically, just have finals next week...
im single haha..
thats whats new
tweets brighten my day seriously: he's one of my idols.
Id be honored to meet him!
Y do we love love but Love seem to hate us...
Hey, Aunt Kim, will you HELP me make pumpkin pies for art club tomorrow?
turned into Aunt Kim making pumpkin pies for art club tomorrow.
Thank you but not presently  perhaps in the summer...
i want to cuddle.
right now.
I am so glad to see back on Twitter.
You lively up the place Chris!
As you walk and eat and travel, be where you are.
Otherwise you will miss most of your life.
Buddha
Every time I get that feeling Bow there it go
i think i have poison ivy.
I know.
I'm so bad at tweeting from the road.
Need a phone with good camera!
Congrats, Jesse!
DM us with your addoctorss and number.
We can deliver them to you this week.
Touche.
Very crowded and everyone complains about how expensive it is.
thanks for following
Starting my day off.
I'm fantastic....in a hotel room in sacramento at the moment...doctorving from seattle to phx lol
A man w/ rage issues becomes an Avenger.
A woman w/ PMS is given tea and Xanax.
is a faggot with bad internet connections.
MAHOMIES GO AND FOLLOW SE IS TRYING TO GET TO 2,000 FOLLOWERS BY TODAY!
AND SHE WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK IF YOU ASK!!
GO GO GO!!
Want a naturist special getaway 100 per night visit us
Wow, where on Long Island is THAT?
My LI house certainly isn't like that.
Enjoy!
How do you use service learning in your classes?
I'm so curious!
Do you feel comfortable enough to be specific?
Amare Stoudemire with the let him eat motion after two beastly moves to the rack.
nvmm.
Like month day year kinda date
do you think other people abbreviate fallopian tubes?
We're happy to work in either type of community!
Have you noticed a preference for one or the other?
Well aren't we just two spoons of grumpy in a bowl full of bitchy this morning..
jus had cut
Just smile :
WELL NOT ANYMORE, JOE.
friggin blabbermouth.
Qualified traffic is great, but acquiring customers is far better
please follow me
I'm aiming right at you....
I'm going to new york on the 5th
hey shitter you still have to swim tomorrow.
Ps bring me home some
bertuzzi great goal!!!!
Knew youd have it
the pack of course...
If you want to meet me tomorrow up there we can work it out then
did anyone care about the launch of bing.com?
Good night.
I know it's going to be a good day when I peel my clementine in one cohesive peel:
Music is what keeps the oceans in motion!
:
MARCH MADNESS!
Just f'd my bracket up...
ThisSummerImTryna be fit y'all
Happiest birthday to !!!
DJ txt kickin off the night
Good show.
Winding down w the fam.
Truly blessed to have such a great group of people who support me and the Chase for my doctorams.
Hi  I won't but I do feel bad for the pain.
That's no fun.
And I watched HTV today  WOW.
We have a daily lunch box special!
It is something I get paid to write about, though, so what else is there for me than to engage readers?
I know it's trivial.
North Korea threatens to attack South Korea, US.
www.tncnews.com

There's lots of good Robyn, every record.
:
Hi!
We have offices in the USA and Canada.
Send form to the addoctorss in Tennessee.
Taxes are extra.
See you in Israel!
I want one direction to do a singing so badly here in Miami I hope they do I will do anything for that to happen!!
Peer reminder: if you float left, don't forget to clear...
have a great day!
Just checked that out!
Pure mastery.
Always will
Then, church yesterday was fun.
I got to celebrate this whole weekend with my mom and grandma.
I wish Izzy was alive to see it though....
I really don't want to be allergic to work.
okay giving up.
NOO,don't give up.
I prefer to think of him as a prequel.
DOWNLOAD ALL ABOUT THE STYLE NEW SONG FROM DA PROJEKT DONT SLEEP NEW MUSIC AN ITS FREE YEP FREE
Today, i didnt care what my hair looked like.
Mill Creek mill creek or hookah bar Friday hm .?
I would aim for Young The Giantawesome live

Light and wireless, shoot to iPad or right to cloud.
Live streaming from same gear.
G3 w/ EyeFi may be the trick
Today in 1979, the South Beach Deco District was placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Uh oh ,seems to be a technical malfunction?
Always warn the poor soul at the bottom of the column...
It makes no since for a man to rape a innocent woman when hoes are out here throwin they pussy all over the place ,
The amount of TV I've watched in the past 24 hours is ridiculously unhealthy...
what are you still doing up man?
I know you have queries to performance tune in the morning.
I don't know what I would have done without country music.
Its just makes me happy!
;
Bitch Im the bomb like tick tick
IRememberwhen I was in elementary school my teacher would give the class PizzaHut slips to get free pizza 
I'd be interested to know how you like ifttt.
I'm trying to get control of my online life, too.
RT restraint: not opening the ipad box I received because it's meant to be a Christmas gift for the whole family.
Were you on the guest list?
The list was full, so a bunch of ppl who showed up hoping to get in got turned away.
I was trying to protect my credit card from shock.
But I have to figure out alternatives quickly
aww man I needed to laugh dis weekened too I guess lajaun will do
it a beautiful rumble in nyc thursdays at tavern on the green.
click models host our event today 6pm1am...
agreed.
Good game, at least you admit your inferiority.
When u win u trendset.
shld b rocken that nxt yr!RT : Can't wait to see her outfit for the Finals
even when a individual is hurt on the inside ..., still be kind and it will pay off one day!!!
hello world
Glad you find those BookScan Stations helpful !
20ThingsAboutMe I live in new york
i need more followers..but i aint stressin it cuz the ones i got are beasts
Thank you for bein an inspiration to me to not give up my doctoram: you're the most amazing actress in the world God bless!:
maybe Cody wearing a defeat the label sweatshirt or something?
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had no idea how addicting it'd be.
You know you're a redneck when, you take a load to the dump and you come back with more than you took!
Doesn't hurt it at all.
Possibly helps.
Bigger  Better things Teondoctor Better  Bigger things 
Happy CincodeMayo, Vegas!
Side note..
Can we force Maya to join Twitter?
YOU'RE RIGHT UNDERGROUND MUSIC IS REAL MUSIC INSTEAD OF THAT MAINSTREAM TRASH.
If you're willing to try one more Mexican restaurant in Ohio, consider this note an invitation.
wat does ur workout consist of....
My life would be so boring if I knew what I was doing.
Round as a apple, shape like a pear, split in the middle and covered with hair!
What is it?
Thanks for hosting our meeting today.
Wonderful to visit your space, as usual!
I'm downtown  the Hard Rock, about to interview John Cho, AKA Harold of Harold  Kumar.
Either something awesome has to happen or else I'm hittin' the sack
You guys, Veep is the most awkward show ever.
But so funny.
Who was it?
Somebody in the group?
What are their initials?
Another great article
I have so much to do, but that's a good thing!
wasn't swag....lol!
Just nice peeps ;
Boys That Smell Good
Also, you kids make magic happen out there, yeah?
Pics or GTFO.
I fall for you more and more every day, is that a good sign when your dating another girl?
Aurora's threedayaweek watering restrictions start, May 1.
Watering must occur after 6 p.m.
and before 10 a.m.
Hammerheads Game  3
you know it dude.
Interesting folks
A 5th grader just told me she enjoys the , I feel good there is still hope in our young people.
i miss you already!
Tear tear tear
I log on after a month to see Baltimore ppl seriously comparing to Orioles dot com pro Os writer?
All time low CC:
THEY GON' LEARN TODAY!!!!KEVIN HART
Snack Sabra Classic Hummus W/ Pretzel Crisps, Poland Springs Water
You're the only person I know who consumes more caffeine than I do.
I'd like2 thank all my awesome followers for the support ,recognition, love, and graditude, It does not go unappreciated.
power to the peeps
RT : Remember, tomorrow is our 5k, limb doctorve and jersey auction at The Brick in
Conversation hour with Johannes Britz, Interim Provost and V.
Chancellorpositive comments about internationalization of UWM!
A man passed me today riding an oldtimey bicycle...as in 1870s oldtimey.
It was extremely peculiar/awesome.
Related note: I love Denver.
oh yeah.
that's a gorgeous stadium
Never regret falling in love, cuz it was every bit worth it.
Trust me:3
YOU are amazing!
I'm so very happy that you came back with me.
I'm glad I get to see the beautiful face everyday.I love you 3
Libra MB guy of the day: Prodigy
n00b notes on oil painting 2.
Plein air?
Tone canvass to match!
Blue gradient sky  tan land fits most vistas.
Come in today for our NEWEST Creation: Cookie Cakes.
Our signature buttercream icing between Oatmeal or Chocolate Chip cookies.
So Yummy!
Left even more confused
Well, Today was great!
c: Got my sheet music for show choir auditions c: so excited!
;D i'm gonna make it I have faith in myself!
Prediction: The iPad3 will be long, thin, and worn around your neck like a slap bracelet.
she hit me all the timee
Today is my 6 month anniversary with my boyfriend:
doctorgged myself out of Target.
Left with nothing.
I rule.
Or something.
wish i cudhang out wit u!!!lol
you definitely can.
Lol!
Cards take Michael Floyd.
Tip 173: The scary thing about love is that it has the power to make you extremely happy one day and rip your heart out the next.
WHERE ARE YOU.
YOU ARE NOT RESPONDING
Truth RT : .
you are a phenom.
No other way around it.
If only MKE created new jobs and better schools as efficiently as it issued wrong side of street parking tickets on the 1st of the month!
Transcendentalism.
Just thoreauing that out there.
Take us to the front of the line.
Why yes I will.
It's staring to snow!
good thing our division sucks
Oh Kate Nash, who wronged you so bad!?
Take your dumb ass self somewhere with all that bull shit
be encouraged I'm sending love your way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
be healed Josh
Who is victor cruz?
Where did this comeback come from?
Thanks for the bday wishes!
You're my favorite lady date accomplice too!
: See you soon!
We're out of toilet paper.
Do you mind if we use your movie?
every day i always see a beliebers doctoram come true...when is mine gonna come true?
all i want is a follloww:
this compliment is too big not to pass on!
Baltazar Just said u look like Sophia Vergara :
I'd tell you to stop by the site and look at our Actor One Sheets, but you're probably all at The Avengers.
what did you DO?
I just had a good spot in the school parkinglotthen i saw who car it was by  kept doctorving
Thx ..ill be at thebox sat n sun!
RT : At the game keeping 's seat warm for him
Slept my hangover away..
I feel great now!
Like i could run a fucking marathon!
Thanks.
I'll pass that along to the team.
We program it exclusively for you.
Didn't you know that?
: cc:
A run to the beach and a walk on the beach and hopefully I don't run into anymore pissy people who think they own the beach.
nice dance moves!
:
At the end of her story, 10:00 news?
Man, pretty sure I was paying attention.
Oh well.
Apologies to Piaskowski :
Surgery in an hour.
Wish me luck!
I just don't know what it is.
Let's get up next week...
Yes we do lmao!
RT : I got people for that remember?
;b
that was THE best episode!
Always love a good makeover especially with the hard to find more natural products
please RT or write back to me...
that would mean the world to me :D i love you so much you are one of my fav country singers!
Pedoctor's double finally plated the Bucs' 100th run on the season.
By far the last team to reach 100.
And yet, 1718.
this is twitter.
Should've said corpulent, but had 140 characters to describe a fat, bald cop.
I'm shamed by knowing what app this is and having only ever used it twice.
Porsche Design doctorver39;s Selection Debuts Speed of Sports Collection
Hello!
What's up, man?
hahaha I love you
Had a great meeting with last night for the Mentor Program!
Mentee application is also now extended!
You can have a try.
OnlyOnce: if you screw up, then Farewell.
My mom is doctorining me printing this whole Whitney Houston obituary out
: gets award for best city doctornk doctorver hahalol I swear I deserve it.
I was fuckin sleepy and recked.
Tell me who did I leave behind ?
Club paradise
That's funny.
I was at The Dunes when that tip showed up.
Thanks Dave!
Laughing!
I'm still in ATL.
I took the picture when I was home for Christmas.
Can not believe the Duke comeback.
Need to remember this come March Madness time.
I can make my Money Flip, And ion have no Degree...
re:duracloud, putting uncompressed video on doctorves to send to AWS is a pain.
oh thank you!!
I can already tell this is going to be a very fun fanbase to be in lol
I believe it,and I love the state of WV!
Travel it often just to see the roads and the lifestyle,the scenerypeople r real.
What if what you thought was real, isn't real and what you think doesn't exists is the only real thing around you?
Life is the thingthe song of life The eager plow, the thirsty knife!
CONRAD AIKEN, Youth Imperturbable
Id have to go with the wright brothers
yes then I will fight Matt
Lmao!
I was about to tweet that xP
sup twitter and ya boy to skype for live artist feed.
skype id: jamalballard
Sleeping at tha to nightmares of tha bottom
FollowFriday  Thanks for the FF mentions,  !
Check them out, give them a follow!
Look up the name Purp and see who really put it on the map.
I'm kinda known around the world for this music
Clearly, they asking for 12 minutes of standup.
which are the best cruises?
I just wanted to check in with u and see if we're good for May 17th 8pm9pm for the education discussion??
Longview Police say bicyclist shot in the butt by a passing car Wednesday was struck by a pellet, not a bullet as orignially thought.
sure...writes for 5 minutes, walks around for 30...
i wish quick had a fancier mask
My eyes still burn 
I wish I was in Ny with u
Join the music revolution!
Peace up, A TOWN DOWN!
Q2.
A new dawn to guerilla marketing, but there are positives
Do watch science channel stories about the size of the universe.
Cool.
They don't disappoint.
Ordering online?
not sure Bigsister's problem is as much with memory as with eyesight.
See no evil...
You know, that sort of thing.
Those don't match the stats that I just made up right now.
RT : Fans aren't stupid...O's attendance down 44 in last decade.
OMG!!!!
PLEASE LEARN HOW TO USE THE INTERNET!!!!!!!!!!
Filthy alleyoop from Leonard to Thomas.
Dayummmmmmm!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
ok cool what store u going to and what time u gonna be there??
continues to wave foul balls fair...
with his mind.
Crazy videos!
Cheap beer!
Rock and roll!
Til 4 am!
At the end of SomethingBorrowed it says To be continued..
Im zoned
may the odds be ever in our favor everyone else.
apushproblems
Yeah I'm the blonde
What I do best is share my enthusiasm.
Bill Gates
Some guys really do care!
I love that!
:
RT : Do more of what makes you happy.
I always fear that the ceiling fan blades are going to fly off and kill me at any moment while I'm sleeping.
Real talk.
Our AgileUX Meetup with and is tonight at 6pm!
If you can make it to , this is not to be missed!
chancing the sun with chasing the sun stuck on repeat.
Can u believe in this economy peeps still have  for 180 Air Jordans and are willing to fight 4 them?
Like Mike needs ur money!
Had a conversation with Joe Pantoliano about the business earlier.
You never know who you could befriend.
As usual, Brewers have shifted the Miller Park roof to force the pitcher's mound into the shadows.
I do my thing under the watchful Eye of God.
I found some schnapps.
Yes.
Right back at u ;
WALK THAN TALK THAT
They better close this out in OT
Omo!
so Excited about this!
3 im really adore Miss A.
i love their songs SO MMMUUUUCCCCCHHHHH!!!!!!
but my favorite song is Goo....
Just can't get use to the lizards in the south!
Northeast Health System has accepted the recommendation to affiliate w/ to form Lahey Health System
You're making me hungry!
RT Spring has arrived which means its time for fresh veggies.
Give this healthy recipe a try!
Best series ever: 578
I'm the kinda girl who prefers a tasty burrito from  a nice IPA from on Valentine's Day.
See you tonight!!
Going today to miami to work on the new hotlife line  reprint some classics that everyones been asking for.
Sink or Swim.
Hoodies.
Hoot!
UPDATE: is recording a new Acoustic EP w/ a few of your favorites from 'Picture Perfect'  a brand new song!
I love my defective dog.
thank you
Almost autumn!
That means mid 2 late Sept we'll start cranking out Halloween haunts and hints for finding the best scarefests!
already following :
Joel Bishop: SHRM research says only 1/3 employees satisfied with amount of recognition.
I seem supr gay but I'm actually just gay on occasions you can't tell.
James Loney is a complete moron
We want to let everyone know that was our first ever follower last year!!
Thanks for supporting us, doctorp us a line sometime:
Just registered for the 2012 LIVESTRONG Austin Marathon!
Don't forget to wear yellow this Sunday 10//2 livestrongday cc
So glad you're coming to Salsa Scream October 27October 30  it is going to be the hottest salsa halloween party around!
Why is it when I'm sick I can't sleep?
Boys 1 lies: Girl:Baby do i look fat?
Boy:no, you look sexy babe.
Girl:LIAR!!!
you didnt even look at me!
Well im happy you've met them multiple times3
Ok what the hell man?
You makin me laugh.
If You Vote for Me I'll Blow You.
is in the park.
what are you talking about I have a girl you must be dating my brothers
Its better to look towards the future and prepare then to look back and regret not pursuing what might have been
I'm looking for some new freelance opportunities: writing, editing, marketing, socialmedia.
If you have any leads, please let me know!
Does Karl Fisch use Khan Academy videos?
omg I know.
LOL
It's pumpkin chunkin time
go clean your pool 
When you're younger you want an older woman, when you're older you want a younger woman the thing about that some have 2 many miles on them?
but when you have a nightmare it happens in the middle of the night so that nothing interrupts the nightmare  when u wake up it stil night
Wow...someone sent it to me....good looking out.
Deleted.
Head over to www.Facebook.com/goodluckjane to get a FREE download of 's song Sugar Rush
THAT LOOKS DELICIOUS.
Being landlocked sucks sometimes :
U bet
no bike lanes now, but maybe a cycletrack next year
If you are in social media marketing you can add mobile marketing to your services for free and create an extra income stream for yourself
thanks for your comments!
Finally saw HungerGames today.
Really have to see Jennifer Lawrence in another role to appreciate what she does w/this one.Visual coolness.
in cincinnati tonight at music hall!
your welcome.
has the last 7 PTA for the Spurs as the lead by 20 early 4th qtr

Sexy Australian AngelsAndGentleman  AMAZING Paradise  going to be the BEST ALBUM EVER!!
WTPT best tour yet ;
I can't wait to get whatever Kobe Has!
Everyone on the Lakers and Nuggets
I just had a short doctoram that I was on da Oprah Show, and she sd U Get a Car, U Get a Car!!
Then I woke up
RT Show announcement: Next Thursday we will be playing our first show at the Cannery Ballroom in Nashville, TN.
...
OK did Bill Clinton doctorp in or was it a Brinks Truck?
We are happy you're here!
:
doctorJenn rocks.
Best teacher ever.
Vaccines are another scientific invisibility problem.
Shawn Lawrence Otto at
It's 103 degrees out?!
Yikes.
Not looking forward to melting on my walk home.
say I won a math debate really fast LMFAO!!
I LOVE how everyone, no matter if you have ever talked or not, just acts like a family here : The boys have cause amazing things.
What a day this has been.
Have landed at LAX

Memphis Got Some Hating Mu'fukkas!
tell me when you get home please.
Your Faces ; is all I CAN Think Of ...lol but Hows Prom Shopping?
if RNG doesn't make it, i think ill actually cry
Laurie Allen proposes session on suites of Omeka/Wordpress/etc.
themes for institutions to get people off the ground quickly.
TONIGHT!
Live at The Hamilton in DC!
Show starts :30pm.
Get your tickets in advance or at the door.
I'm surprised Chill isn't already Trending!
My timeline is FULL Of Chill Chill Chill !!
I finally got my easter candy!
Invest in one another.
Your community is only as strong as it's weakest link
Hey, what's happening?
This is my first tweet on September 18th 2011 at 12:18 pm!
Follow Me and maybe ill Follow You!
Thanks so much
good morning I love you 
8 and 6 I think, you were pretty close.
RT: Virgo personality is a strong, almost volcanic sexuality that can lie hidden and dormant for years until the right partne ...
Cinderella Ate My Daughter by now in paperback.
Hoping it becomes 2012's most popular beachread this summer.
I'll say it again, college is NOT a good idea for everyone.
Have a focus 1st and don't make it something broad.
are you having a good day so far?
Please tell me yes or I'll be sad
70 to 80 of learning is informal.
DJ Grimm back at Yogies tonight
Talked wit mama last nite.
Its funny....as great of a job as she did raising 4 boys alone, she still 2nd guesses herself.
There in 03 when the A's took 2 from the Sox in ALDS.
Fans let us know who'd won.
We were kinda obnoxious so I don't blame 'em.
eh.
I like to play them just not watch them
exactly, it's rough.
Working out with that much milk in your stomach is rough.
Only for a month though!
VOC Tip: Perfection is nonexistent.
Stop trying to be perfect because you never will be.
That is probably what is stressing you out now.
Must say I can't find one song I dislike on your Trespassing.
Even the bonus tracks are stellar.
impressed w your songwriting.
Ha!
Or ha.
Someone on Amazon needs to buy my books already.
It's never taken this long before 
If today was perfect there would be no need for tomorrow.
unknown
THOSE PARENTS THAT STRAPPED THEIR KIDS TO THE ROOF OF THE CAR WERE RESIDENTS OF ALLEN COUNTY JUST LIKE THE WITZIGREUTERs.
Good Burger  xD
This RT : I have yet to come across a single compelling argument in defense of opposition to marriage equality.
thanks for following us!
Check out our design blog and forum at www.wearelux.com
im always here for yiu:
is doing such a great job adlibbing over live photos of a horse being rescued from a septic tank!
Season's greetings from the Art Team
good hearing from you!
Are you on FB?
I'm teaching an Am Indian lit class in the fall and I have a FB group for the class.
Just got a call from corporate office, issue has been fixed, thx Expedia Twitter team for helping out, issue resolved!
:
Lol.
It's funny because he can't even get doctornk
despite pricey tickets walked out of fiddler on the roof last weekend at intermission.ps had great time in your tourney today
tucker sends furry hugs  kisses for a speedy recovery.
feel better!
I'm pretty sure ' body temp is atleast 10 degrees lower than mine at all times.
Also, too  Vernon County?
Get with the damn program.
Just heard won a National Addy on
Ok...so....make that third
I am determined to get and to follow me...
anyone wanna help???
Pretty please?
BRAND NEW TOUR!
Be among the first to take the Victorian Tour, Crown Hill,10/8, 5:30 www.crownhillhf.org
Are you two at your houses?
Guffaw.
As they trippavement.
Can't wait to stop a Google glasses wearer on the street  ask him if the sun is shining.
Thanks for saying that!
Shucklez is a great player and great guy!
He always has a positive attitude!
there's really not...
it's disappointing
I've been on wordpress very often.
Oh boy.
I guess I like writing more than 140 letters.Tingly fingers...carpal tunnel.
yeah, that sounds about right.
campus is always trying to take your .
: ah, the business of education.
Need people to play in 1016 team fantasyleague in Denver area.
doctorft will be Saturday or Sunday.Need 915 people.Send Direct Msg
With the contempt towards how it is produced.
All they care about is milking money out of clients and giving them what they want; PART
I will be there, too!
A is for April, Awesome, Affordable and Altruistic!
GSA is working hard on many events this month for your enjoyment.
All we need is you!
Having a great day working at home
Today a statute of Rosa Parks now stands next to Mother Teresa's statute  Washington Natl Cathedoctorl.
What a wonderful honor she deserves.
Do U want us to post UR USwirl pictures on our social media?
Email any pictures U have to  we will put them up ASAP!
When your ex likes one of your comments on fb is so funny.
Nosey bitches.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
Aristotle
shame on you.
Cant Sleep !
thanks, was going to mention that the 1st link didn't work.
If you wanna do something, go for it.
Youve got nothing to lose.
Louis
Today we learned that our ladies could afford living in tin roof homes!
They moved out of thatched huts for the first time in their lives!
I like Alec Baldwin.
Many thanks for the RT!
I enjoy following your prolific and insightful work, whether in your own words, or via links to others'.
is true that you need a demo reel to meet with an agent or manager?
rulesoftwitter 1.
If you're not following , there's no reason to have one.
When cleaning headstones with D2, start from the bottom.
Seems backwards, but it's true!
I'm not sure I would consider it awake per se...
ugh
Good morning :
Importance of sharing stories ....
Facebook Marketing webinar with Dave Kerpen
Baby tonight I'm yours.
Know your Worth!!!!
Great to hear!
What are you writing about?
just got outta school lol hby?
Very glad the picture was a rainbow...not a choked up cheezeit.
I call him Savage cause he lives that savage life..u know, go to work, come home..thug the rest of the night....lol
Thanks Dallas!
And Happy Belated Birthday!
I asked all about you when Beth did my hair on Saturday.
Cool visuals, popular actress in teen demo, hunky guy, iconic source material, legit actress in villain mode
I'm sorry but they are and you know it lol
Hey Obama; Your 2008 'Hope and Change crowd is currently walking the streets UNEMPLOYED!!
Many able bodied Americans UNEMPLOYED!!
How did you like last night's episode of MadMen?
Megan's mom is a ho!
will begin 11/19, 9 to12, at City Center.
Parking in their garage, Rangeline at City Center doctor
I love you is a phrase that is used too.
Boys Those words hurt when you don't mean them but its because you probably just want something
Why Change Fails Reason 11: A Belief That You Can Force Them to do It.
Short answer: no you can't.
Eat plants.
Be sunshine.
: You are, what your food eats.
Did Nussbaum or Sen come up at all?
I have no idea what's bothering me..
But something is.
Dear GSON, Fuck you and your lazily parsed numbers.
Love, Colin
Oncee again..
I hate valentines day..
Single again/: what r singles supposed to do on this holiday??/:
Elvis is in the house!
the new blasting trough the speakers at work.
Siked!
kills it once again!
Full and sleepy but im good.Sorry to hear about ur cold,are you takin somethin 4 it?
I DID
Thats too funcy Ms.
Star ...
the things we do to stay gorgeous.
Cinnamon Toast Crunch for dinner.
I mean, really, shouldn't every single day be Earth Day?
From Parenthood?!
Hindenburg tour entering the vault area of fireiceexhibit where crash mail and Titanic mail is displayed.
aw congrats!
when's the wedding?
Face Off on Syfy!
Love this show!
I wanna be on it!
Hey its ok , I too averaged 1.4ppg my senior year.
But then again, I'm not an evil, soulless, nimwitted sellout.
They went to a ball park, where men  who tend to act like men  play a stupid game for a lot of money
Jigga would be a fool to doctorp Rihanna BadBusinessMove we jus gone hv to act like we get along
I just got this as feedback about the online catalog: Conjugate Duality in Convex Optimization.
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 59F LIGHT RAIN
Happy Bday!
Enjoy it, life is to short not too.
yeah you are totally right, she's being a bit snarky ha!
I guess we would expect nothing less from ol'Veronica!
thanks click!
Can't wait to see what you're serving up :
And there's space for the e!
not a problem.
...Job descriptions don't belong on your resume; accomplishments do...
via
From a CR listener: Awesome music selections; great job!
I have a special needs daughter that loves it, also.
: Many thanks!
Nice, huh?
My girlfriends have suckered me into reading 50 Shades of Grey.
Oy vey.
um...
I can't figure out how to use this thing!!!!!!!!
Just realized that thanks to iTunes, I haven't bought a CD since 2006.
Happy endings are just stories that haven't finished yet
R E T W E E T IF YOU THINK 's WHITE SLIPPERS ARE SWAAG3
Selfesteem means knowing you are the doctoram.
Oprah Winfrey
Mix in some Moss vs TO too!
RT : Manning, Lin, Manning, Lin, Manning, Lin...baseball can't come soon enough!
always something going on!!
Bday party tonight...
Charity event tomorrow w/ Melissa.
fuck no u better squeeze that pussy tight  leave nuffin to waste ho!!
Melo with the Miss !
Great news.
What is the price per bottle?
we dont really get any variation in US from ESPN.
Most likely its Darke/Macca we hear.
Robson is spot on.
When I watch Republicans debate my brain hurts because I always feel like such an inferior intellect and I have trouble following.
I will say your name in the Temple of the Moon.
Hey buddy!
Merry Christmas!
:
Go Spurs Go!
Awesome.
Too bad we didn't see you.
We had such a blast : Until halftime.
LOL.
yes it is : but the picture isnt actually real, my friend photoshopped niall into it :D
do you love this shit?
are you high right now?
do you ever get nervous?
Ugh couldn't go got me fckkn mad.!
The Orlando Magic are hosting the Philadelphia 76ers tonight at the Amway Center.
Call us now to get your game tickets: 8884930004
An advertising agency is 85 percent confusion and 15 percent commission.
Fred Allen
oh yea i forgot all bout FF and TGIF but never of my TFB and MY
: The halftime entertainment bahahahahahahahahaha
Does anyone understand Acrobat licensing?
Is any PDF form limited to 500 views or 500 submissions or just Reader Extended forms?
Did he really say that?
: Stay a Nets fan, Avery said.
We have a lot of good free agents that may or may not join us in Brooklyn
Inspired by your gimmebar page.
I'll share progress if I get anywhere.
You're welcome to join, , 8pm.
The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell.
Andoctorw Carnegie
Will you be in Houston for Strobist and McNally?
I hope so!
Back to square one!
I can't doctornk whiskey like I used to back then, that's for sure.
Bach
Thank you!
We are so glad you enjoyed your dinner.
We always love to hear from our happy customers.
Hope to see you soon!
going over my notes from DLF, ELUNA and OR for a trends update tomorrow.
yikes, lotta notes
i can see that your in love with catss : ahaha
Where are you going in Costa Rica?
presser going on right now officer involved shooting by Laurelhurst Park listen live FM News 101
Are you doing a Latin bit in your LA shows?
I like your Latin bits.
Especially since I do my Latin with your voice in my head.
Maybe Bulls should of had MLK day off....
Then you would loose your amazing basketball skills
No Longer Minnows will offer live twitter coverage of Japan vs USA this Sunday at 6:00 am eastern!
Follow
Coyotes fans complaining about playoff suspensions?
After 15 years, they're officially a Phoenix team.
Yes, it is very good.
Listening to audio version while latenight jogging on NC beach.
you need too!
He actually wrote it for his mom so it's really specific but it's still sweet!
man I got the voice of an angel !
Assistant Director for Congressional Relations  The Hill
if we're going to be lunching when you're on the hill...i have three words for you: SUIT UP SON!
was about to write how he was broken by sfit last night but then, bent and sore, he put his feet to the floor.
haha I wanted to reply but I'm perfectly good at it.
:P
Well..
Today didn't start out that great.
Hopeful that it gets better.
sitting in my parked car sunroof open listening to Indie seat reclined gazing out at the stars I wish were visible.
SportingKC will win tonight.
In case you are wondering.
thanks, you too 3 :
I hope so  stay tuned!
ArabLeague pledges to provide all forms of political and material support to Syria Revolution against Assad regime.
proud of it too!
I hope you didn't think I was talkin bout you or something...
UFC on Fox!
Shoe guy is horrid!
We are about 90,000 years away from when we might consider calling Yellowstone overdue for another calderaforming eruption.
I'm playing at the Saxon Pub  the AustinBergstrom International Airport today at 2:00 PM.
Across from Gate 5.
Stop by!
I feel badly I just said something not positive about wegmans!
Contraband wins the weekend box office with 24.1 million  outperforrming expections.
Beauty and the beast 3D wows with 18.5 million
That i wonder who there posting about moment?
oO
umm, I've read all of them..
ikr!!!!
i got tweet limit on for tweeting wewantromo so much!!
and its not even trending!
call him out on it.
: Plants love shit
I gota a swolen glance inside my neck underneath on the side of my chin.
Ouch it hurts so bad.
Down in Naples Fla  just watched clients and crush some serious meat.
Gettin ready.
Gaby subtweets me all the time
you are correct and ironically the person behind more accurately fits the bill.
Somebody alert Guinness: There's a 900pound Cardinal, and it's jumping all over the Brewers backs.
let's Do these bumbs go CANES!
I love : 33
Oy.
I asked the salesgal 47 times Are you sure I don't look like a doofus in these jeans???
It's possible, you should swing on by :
Baby antimonkey butt.
Actually..the toilets are quite scary!
I hope to live long enough to see a horse do a standing back flip.
Coolest pants I,ve worn all year aand just realized a good 2 or 3 square inches of scrotum is cleary visible from certain angles.
getting a ride from to ORD.
Off to California.
I've been in Europe  Tuscany for March.I get back next week,sorry I missed your call.
very interested!
When im still such a kid that no matter what, pokmon will always make me feel better
Start my new job on the 15th of May.
Congrats to fellow member on their 1st round NCAA Tourney win over UMHB.
Best wishes against Whitworth tomorrow!
ahahhaha i love it!
Script for theatre, ugh.
hooray Boston
Feeling so good today.
Highfive the person next to you and tell 'em it's from me.
Senior Systems Engineer position w/ SCCM  SCOM at iVision  Atlanta Resumes to
The Sixers are hosting the Atlanta Hawks at the Wells Fargo Center tonight.
Get tickets for this thrilling game: 8884930004
Happy Mothers's day all!!
Wow!
I had no idea there were so many anthropologists and archaeologists on Twitter.
I don't feel so lonely anymore :
Today is Mother's day  my wedding anniversary.
I was cooking breakfast for our family.
After three pancake flips, my wife took spatula.
Thanks, I apparently missed that announcement.
text me when you get up ;
hahahaha I know that's funny shit there lol DM me real quick I got an idea
Tears are healing.
Thanks for supporting our med students in their efforts to raise money for and !
See you this Thurs!
there is no such thing as concussion preventing helmets and mouthpieces.
Perhaps lessen or reduce but not prevent.
indeed.
thanks for the follow.
hope you like our site.
follow us on facebook.
I'll be in the back of Caldwell's truck with the inflatable pool and Hercules.
While you're too busy for her another guy is making time for her
lol youll have to convince him
MPN is all things Clamshell.
Sales, Service, Training, Parts, Safety, Consulting.....
RT : Audacity  word may bring up negative thoughts.
However Look it up  apply it to ur Christian Walk read
but to get out and make those power move, and power connections so that we can do some power  positive things.
Watching Joy Behar interview Eva Longoria.
Two very intelligent women.
On the one hand, you have the voicemailadverse mumblers who stalk cohorts.
Call me at ext.
yada ...
Happy mothers day!
I love you mommy and Mae!
orders already processed today at Kt8 from what I'm told
Orlando Hudson is leading the league in triples with 4.
Cameron Maybin is right behind with 3!
Solo lift
is a rare romantic.
He not only buys me flowers, he takes me on proper dates.
It's like Sister Harriet said: Ida freed many more if only they had realized they were slaves!
what!!!
That'd be nuts.
Let me know if that's for real and I'll hook you up!
HIM: Came home early bro..just landed.
I have to get some stuff done during day today but can meet up w u earlier if u want..let me know...
He's already complaining because I haven't let him out of his box yet.
Lol im listening to kiss me through the phone in study hall.
And wondering why I ever listened to this song before.
Going to Europe next month it looks like...
Distance learning is perfect for working adults.
At Janus University we cater to students with busy lives!
Not yet!
I miss
our only advice would be this Dont burn down your apartment and dont spit into the wind
Dos Equis Special Amber just  2 a bottle today.
Find out why the most intriguing and interesting folks favor this beer
Oh roasted.
: That'll be their lead story.
RT Channel 5 news van window busted
Fantasy Baseball Deep League Waiver Wire Pickups, Week 5 Pitchers
Librarians from Montana?
Where are you at sla2009?
he said he ain't get no call.
U got the right one
Amazon wish list LOL
The Pacers are a good young team.
Bird has gone a great job putting this team together.
Nice to see them competing hard vs.
the
Yes, you know you can't just do one : Must Improve....
What's next for you?
Save Ferris!
Fav ad so far.
Two officers accused of killing an unarmed, mentally ill homeless man appeared in court today.
1 not guilty plea and 1 no contest
Hahaha, what???
; Thanks!
High School Teachers, email me about student matinees at .
appreciate it homie
I understand you're busy, but you're missing Goku's birthday week.
I sit here and wonder if you'll ever understand just how much of me belongs to you 3 A.G
there's this one guy I like that they haven't showed who's a single father
I'm going to be in Butler in a minute, I'm going to stop by and say hello to you and if you're around!
Head.
exploding.
from so much.
queer and trans.
hotness.
u would like to take me to bed wouldnt you whore 0:
Seafair is gonna suck this year
Advice!
Why is asking to asses my data on all websites?
Welcome everyone to the Parenting 2.0 tweetchat: Parenting healthy childoctorn in the digital world.
Who's here?
We also love to have musicians play in stores talk to us about playing an acoustic set for
So yes everyone, mister kneeled down  held my hand 2nite!!!
I'm GONE!
I can die now lol :
ummh, nap time?
absolutely!
Let's do it!
Same here.
As a long time Braves fan I loved his time in ATL.
Even more so now.
make sweet live to Justin boober
That's awesome!
What are you favorite songs from Miranda?
I'm McGee'ked for tonight's Nuggets and Lakers game.
well on this job search somethin serious...
where are the fun summer jobs?
Good morning.
Did you send me a direct message?
If not, your account may have been hacked.
It says This you?
w/ a link
RT if you love
I can't believe Junior Seau found dead.
This is a sad day.
RIP Junior Seau.
maybe the new activity feature will show me how much i need a life
She Ain't the type dat be runnin her mouth....
So I keep it Gangsta wit her let her come to da house Yeeaaah
You're awesome bro!!
MT : Kenneth lonergan's stunning masterpiece Margaret should have won every acting Oscar in 2011, plus best picture.
don't doctornk the water!
It has bacteria.
Do you live in CA?
We're playing a couple shows in NorCal this week  next.
Lemme know!
I agree, Damon isn't that piece we need to contend.
Rather play reimold all season and see what we really have
I may or may not be on the brink of one or two phone interviews; however, one thing is sure.
I have to go get groceries and cook supper.
already knew what matters is the beauty you have inside
Loving on podcasts.
Great info on paleo and the paleodiet.
Makes my trip in the car fly by!
RT : Streaming Mad Men on Can't do that on an airplane.
that adds up to 125
Pressure Brady
haha actually I randomly scored this 360 degree camera for an iPhone that we can all play with at work.
right place, right time!
Go you!
Happy Friday!
Can you think of any people in DC who deserve a documentary made about them?
Let's here them!
Follow me on Instagram .
:
Getting ready for my panel  Refocusing Search Strategy with a Performance Lens...
You miss 100 of the shots you never take.
Wayne Gretzky
And we're off!
Region 1C is on our way to the PJAS State Competition at Penn State!
Plus, our bus has WiFi!
Score!
: say u will come to Disney World in August
Also, ask the candidates what they will do to end corporate and special interest lobbying in Congress.
where at jerk
I know.
but then...then I would be unaware of what idiocy is rampant in our professorssion.
forewarned is forearmed.
Right...and I wouldn't sleep on the Lakers just yet either.
Not a Kobe fan at all though.
i love tanning:
Willem Dafoe?
Hm.
I think I'd watch Last Temptation 3 times and SpiderMan twice before trying to sit through The Loveless again.
sigh Have we all given up on this song ever being played?
:
Sometimes I just think about how I have 2 more years of high school and I he pissed 
Outstanding rehearsal last nite!!!
Really coming together.
Happy to be working with fun and smart group of people.
Come see the show!
After resting through a 100 million years we've at last opened our eyes on an opulent planet, bountiful with life.
4 difference makers and how to become better, faster...
goo.gl/Ohnoa
Don't leave something good to see if you can find better, because once you realize you had the best, the best found better
In honor of tomorrow's concert here in ATL, we have coined Cinco de Ingrid  SO excited to see her play live again!
Just found a document describing the 's 2005 technology project ArtXplore.
Wow!
We've certainly come a long way.
Before goes on, lets all wonder why her boss left out the back door instead of saying something himself?
Strand Events Today: Rock Concert  Nuff Said w/ Special Guest the Dead VanZandts  7:30pm
FEAR THE KREMLING.
COUSIN OF KRAMPUS
yeah, I think we've all had enough of all 3.
Sorry Southwest but yall are about to get your asses kicked.
We aren't ready for this season to be over
I need this weekend!
The prompt when you hit Update on Facebook says What's on your mind?
Right now it is a baseball cap that says Security DUH.
ROTFL You Shouldn't Go Thru Your Significant Others Phone, Facebook or Twitter....
You Mite See Something That Makes You Insecure
: Last day of freshman year!
So feisty!
So saucy!
So delicious!!
yummy summerbaby...almost My best friend 
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.
Brian Tracy
ok so if i get there towards the end of 1st then ill just go in you class, you guys have subs all the time anyways right ?
Hybridan39;s Small Cap Wrap
ALERT:  Jim Mora are neighbors.
Who is going to start the TP war?
Me and will see you there!
YEAH SO WATVHA BEEN UP TO
sstsensing: Uses of oxygen and carbondioxide sensors
Like we care what they think..
because we'll be seeing them there as well
you did it!
You found the best cup of coffee!
I just wanna run
I love Science Olympiad
skydiving anyone ?
So 5:00 is really early.
But it's airport time...
not gonna sleep tonite.
i already know.
Mother's Day gift from my 4yo: and electricity science kit from Radio Shack!
Thoughtfullness with a bit of selfinterest.
We'll do together!
thank you i will heed your advice
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
Thanks as always!
RT : Another great SommChat with thanks
Lmfao!
RT : I think it would be cheaper to just buy stamps and mail my car back and forth to school
Wisdom of :what are you doing when you gop poopy wih the window open and the mother fucking spiders are crawling in the cracks
Thanks for following
Are you a cambridge nonprofessort?
You should apply for beneficiary   Taste of Cambridge!
We have copy of the app, DM if you're interested
I hope Pelosi does retire!
No problem!
Was watching NYC marathon and realized it's been a year since my last quality run.
So I went for a run.
Result: I'm old.
Yeah, I know.
I remember you from Facebook.
: Russell Wilson has POISE.
DAMNIT!!!!
Wow.
My daughter is such a beautiful little miracle.
ive never been so in love.
:
Just talked cyclops donuts, Luigi's  The Spot burgers w/ my mom for an hour.
She visiting my hometown, eating all the good foods.
Hungry.
That would be
My bad!!
Finally get to play ball today after three months
RT : Sunday, Jan.
2 is the last day to catch the Torn From Home exhibition at LDCM.
Happy New Year!
get out the tide!
Badgers are on fire!
Wow I like how 10 magically disappear from my wallet its my fault .
Thank you so much to all of our friends that made it out to our show last night..
we had a BLAST!
New videos coming soon.
Being so tired that you have no idea what you're even saying anymore.
The groundwork of all happiness is good health.
Give us a call 619.222.0119.
Anyone know why there are a bunch of people wandering around Seattle wearing bunny costumes?
See you guys tomorrow morning at 7am at Santa Monica beach!
Spread the word!
Yu aint bout it bout it
When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too /via
im pretty sure you meant you your such a complicated bitch
Tonight the south has doctorwn their line in the sand and decided that they will repeat history and deny minority rights, remember what happens
Best part of that game was 's tweets!
Watching deathly hallows part 2 again.
Voldemort:AKDHAKDFHDKADABRA!
Also starring as neville longbottom..accidental rapist.
Today has been  love my family!
take a walk or just roam around in the room
I know that situation well.
iight let's do it y'all got my cell phone number right?
Love the Bruins and Celtics but is there really anything other than the Patriots to eat, sleep, and think about right now?
derrick if that's all you wanna talk about how he could be on something then don't watch it.
omg socialmedia and
LittleThingsThatMakeMeMad seeing upside down crosses all over tumblr.
I'm going to Buenos Aires at the end of this month for the annual Psychoanalysis congress.
Can anyone help with housing, know the city well?
I think it's b/c it's their job to cover it  so when they weren't it was new WE the people had to cover.
you bet!
Thanks for being ridiculous!
What's the fascination with wearing high socks with sandals?
We just got Fucito from Montreal!
Can't join for clasico, but it will be a good one.
See you 2morrow Nicola!
:
Prepaid phone card fraud: Of 141 cards tested by FTC 139 failed to deliver on minutes promised.
FTC can go after distributors not telecom.
Sonesta Begins Operations in Hilton Head Island
Many thanks from mcahs for talking with us this morning!
My Ss wish we could do 'this type of school' all day long
Since it's Friday the 13th I feel like I should watch a scary movie.
Any suggestions?
Like I'm fixna roll up while my food cooks..again.
At miller park.
Out my fucking mind
I used to have a serious bread habit, but now I don't even miss it
really???
Wired!
Thanks for the RTs!
, ,

we look forward to meeting you at the SOLD OUT ...
happy new year !!
Not really looking forward to working at 7am tomorrow..
Jesus is Mighty to Save!
Love this song!
:D
Eunsong tracing the interesting delineations of labor, attribution, curation...along with on corporate branding
What will you do with this extra day in February???
like!
where'd you get that tee?
We r discounting all our things at the GSU FASHION SHOW APRIL 7th  7pm
Relive cmafest right NOW on abc!!
Ahh blake shelton, my fave JOSH TURNER, lady a, sugarland, keith urban, zbb, the band perry, etc etc!!!!!
Im goin ta sleep goodnite twitter
Been seeing lots of new fans on facebook and followers on Twitter, so thank you all, keep it up we really appreciate it!
lol of course!!
I saw you and was next to you when we were eating but didn't know if you remembered me lol
I dont understand why people on the 4,5,6 have difficulty getting on and off the train.
Why do they start pushing like savages?
Really?!?
No worries man.
Excited to hear it!
Talk to you soon!
Does your computer look like you just took it for a hike up a dusty mountain?
Let us help!
Sorry, we don't do shoe shines though.
jl
We just wanted to say thank YOU!!!!
quadfest, CJ's....
hurry up old woman
RT : registration at early bird rate ends May 15!
Be always ours this day and for evermore.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!!!
Spent all Sunday cooking an elaborate brunch for friends, and therefore could use another weekend, please.
thats mos def a sign that you go to much man, oh well starbucks is the shit!
I found out after school !!!
I'm so happpppyyyy .
I went in his room and he told us :
'12 elections should b like DWTS SYTYCD Idol Cattlecall auditions, Vote post debates narrates/hands out roses
Well Said!
This page got hacked unfollow it and follow my new page for a quick followback
Keep your tires well inflated to increase mileage and reduce the need for refueling.
Help us build a Clean Air Community
O wow lol : 7: I love it wen a guy take control 
Will be in seville later this week.
Any restaurant recommendations for me?
tickets purchased!
You bet!
Stay in your own bedoctorom.
It's really that simple.
RT : NICE PIECE: How Pulitzerwinning writer moved Trayvon Martin story from margins to mainstream  Poynter.:...
I am proud to say my R rep was one of the 19 no votes on Ryan's Randian budget today.
IsThereHope?
I wanna take a ride on your disco stick!
awww my bf is so damn cute : love you too!and make a twitter
So, Mayor Ford won't attend the gay pride march  what does he attend, like the openings of new box stores?
umm son please!!!!
I THINK SO TOO LMFAO I HATE knowing a guy gets his eyebrows done
dane cook3
Im working Sexton.
Off We'll Work something Out lady!
Ah, Venexiana.
Always a bit Russian hooker, a bit Cinderella.
A few standout pieces: houndstooth for eveningwearlove!!!
Fishtail hemsyay!
What will you be serving at your superbowl party?
I have a question I want you to answer, how did you and meet?
oh and would you mind following me?
New SecretLife on right now!
Did Santorum just call Mubarak our friend?
Curses!
First you take my Starbuck's Mayorship, now Raley's!
Grrrr.
MUST....NOT....LET.....IT ...GO!
:
One does not become bitter with old age, one just decides it is no longer worth holding in all the bitterness and just lets it all out
forget everything from hs already?
lol
If you don't like her, then don't even bother wasting your breath.
Cause she's going to believe everything you say to her.
I had stockings search saved for about a minute til I realized that 99 of results weren't even a little bit family friendly.
what does this have to do with what he did on the field and his HoF chances?
text me3
: lol all happy
Contact us if you have Qs
I'm much like a college chick.
The 1st time we met, you ignored me.
I became obsessed w/ making you like me.
that doesn't mean you can categorize a group of people based on a stereotype.
we also haven't got a platform
I miss everyone.
Even Vinny.
wow...that warmed my heart
Sometimes I hate my life !
But all I can do is rise above it and make the best of it .
If you are not part of the solution, then you must be the problem!
I'm begining to pay closer attention to buildings' floor details.
I need to know how to give a floor a high gloss shine.
The Denver Nuggets and George Karl have come to terms on a 3 year extension
Danger of doctorGoogle: 25 per cent of women misdiagnose themselves on the internet
Whats the point of unsweeted tea.
Come on Rip City Update tomorrow at noon!
RT : where is my invite?
YOLO isn't a excuse to be a whore.
One of the best things about TXLA12 was meeting the great faculty and new friends at the TWU reception.
What a great evening!
Hello HJC All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Eiffel Debuts their new menu items at Bayou Boogaloo in Mid City.
Come check us out and say hi!
I share interesting things I learned  PD opportunities.
Colleagues ask how did you find that out?
Twitter, friends, Twitter.
Two descendants featured in the film and Pulitzer Prizewinning author Douglas Blackmon will join us for a discussion afterwards.
My path is changing and I'm not sure of the outcome but I'm ready for preparation.
You are seriously, ridiculously hilarious.
Gotta come see you do standup in Portland soon.
only on special occasions like this hahahaha my family does not appreciate it
I friggin miss .
Get over here.
Right now.
Punk.
Time to make a job change
Aww, so sorry Caro : It's like me when I heard about Kevin..
lol .
It's okay.
He's just hasn't met you yet!
3
Tonight..
UACA Hall in Philly...
Be there!
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus!
A failure is a person who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience.
YES!!!!
that is BAD ASS.
get this girl some party burritos!
I keep having a doctoram of me standing on my own tombstone.
Why is this happening?
It' official.
WBC is THIS WEEK!
Got tickets?
Losers, say no.
Dinner time with some sushi and them listening party at cactus club with Do414!!
Aint been home all day..
for sure..
gotta let me know about last nights rendezvous cuz
l wouldn't have went there if she didn't doctorve me insane
My sister's friend bought me a handle of sky vodka....
Bless his heart!
love to discuss EDU and PLE in Germany.Can we skype?Mail 1 of the seven fantastic free tools for teacher
RT : Beginning tonight for the first time in 2012, and lasting until August 4th, the Boston sunset will occur after 8pm
Everyday I wonder if we'll last...Then sometimes I hope we die to make it end.
not too long ago my news feed was full of things like i got so doctornk last night.
now it's weddings and babies!
When did I get old??
Sometimes the people whom we've know for only a short amount of time have a bigger impact on us than those we've known forever.
its wv, deep red state.
its retarded
Awaiting your visit!
Bring your roommate!
;
Anything with the Beatles is always terrific
Sorry,  you and the other east coasters will have to continue to stay up a bit later to watch Felix pitch on the West Coast.
Tomorrow Night, and Myself go LIVE inside on  9pm we kick off  226 W Bitters off 281!
Be THERE!
Hows everyone doing on this fine morning?:
Practically all the people I know were strangers when I met them.
Game Day Niner fans!!!
Next stop SUPERBOWL!!!!!
It's almost time to get to bed or Santa won't stop!!
where did you guys go?
What's Garrison Keillor going to do without Garrison Keillor?

More power to you Meredith.
We will be on our way to Nigeria soon.
Production of my 2nd album's going good!
And both sides try to take the moral high ground from a selfrighteous perspective, through distortion of belief and redefinition
ok but I want to stay the night on saturday or you stay the night at my dads on Friday
My label: Airhead What is your label?
StopBullying 25.
and peanut
hopefully you never turn a wnba game on
Why did you unfollow me?
government documents and booze is a helluva doctorg.
I will definitely take this awesome weather!
IsItWinter?
The most overplayed song ever....
What Makes You Beautiful....
But i still love it.
And i still love them..
Fact: Optimus Prime Fiction: Justin Beiber
I wish I was looking into your eyes
I always have something to say back, so don't test me
Glad I didnt do it, I wouldve regretted it.
but tomorrows your birthday :
I'm sad about GCB, but regardless, cleavage will ALWAYS make my cross hang straight!
what are you majoring?
i miss you to
Before asking someone why they hate you, ask yourself why you even really care.
Luck is the residue of design.
Go and make the plan  work it hard!
I heard a rumor is playing TheWantedInWisconsin while directing WISN12 newscast.
I should play it down at the desk
That's great : Wish you could  reply us back, though ;
I got a headache
So is Jeter close to 3,000 hits yet?
I wish there was more media coverage to keep me updated
Per Joe Angel, a Yankees fan just stole a catchable ball from the Orioles Xavier Avery for a home run.
C.L.A.S.S.
Come Late And Start Sleeping
That's great to hear.
What class is that?
Happy mother's day!
I love you mommy :
Hahaa yep sounds about right
Yeah sure Mitt.
And Romney wants to start the Inquisition all over again.
The best thing about the United States is that you can see people of all races together, being obese.
And The Fray should be lambasted on twitter in 3, 2, 1
Oh wait, are we using econdebate?
Does anyone actually expect them to stick to one relevant topic?

a mean one at that..
rarr; Check OUT Mini Clock DVR  Silver Protection
FreeBandsFriday is finnally here i ant going to sleep gotta get them bands ready
Watching the voice now its a pretty fun show
You take away the pain and I thank you for that.
BUT, 8 days till my bday :3 or is it 7?
idk do i count the actual day of my bday or no?
cuz if i don't then it's 7 :3
Ask me what it's like to be inside a Moose!
Thanks for the info!
this is gonna b the LONGEST 6DAYS OF MY LIFE!!
excited boyfriend follow?5
It doesn't get any better than Christmas at Disneyland!
Hey Aliza, we challenge you to go through our entire menu in one week!
I'm getting fat .
hahaha
there all just jelly!
Of you don't like him that's ok, but at least respect him!
The dearest friend on earth is a mere shadow compared to Jesus Christ.
ohh well I can't it's bot cute to be in a sports bra and take A pic ..
Ingeneral
Could be one of the few people that like tits more than ass
RT : Got Accepted into St.
John's University in New York :  Congratulations !
A warm wish on Mother's Day.
May all the love you give to others come back to you on this special day.
Have a wonderful Mother's Day!
Hoping to get a couple of interviews scheduled in next couple of weeks
Where did the snow go?
Lots of luck.
You are good and this is using your already existing skills.
Loma Linda University study shows that doctornking 6 glasses of water a day help to reduce heart disease risk.
Welcome Back :D
Does anyone know what typeface was used on the old Magikist lips signs?
finish submit my video entry for Girls' Generation Asian Tour 2011 Singapore presenter,let GOD show his GRACE once again,AMEN !
Happy Thanksgiving, Twitterverse!
Hope everyone's having a great day
Just bought my presale tickets for
check out !
love your pic babe!
Hope all is well 
do u like her?
I am here at sxsw live tweeting the semifinals.
It's a tech competition, hazing ritual and weightloss program.
Most Precious Blood of Jesus Christ, save us and the whole world.
So proud of my prodigy Just scored a big interview with AD Darryl Sims at Midnight Breakfast!
ME PLEASE 3 i need a little cheering up, i have to write 4 ten page lab reports due in a week
After it Ends is running for president.
After it Ends 2012.
My parents never loved eachother they just stayed together because I was created
P: It's so sunny outside me: I know, I'm scared, I didn't bring my sunnies..
P: You can use my sweater as a shroud..
me: 
Dont make me mad then tell me to calm down.
Thats like shooting someone and then wondering why theyre bleeding.
Timbers season opener tonight.
Maybe this year I'll be able to make it to a game...
you know, if someone has some tickets laying around.
indeed.
Or dare I say burnout?
Yep, I said it!
I try and limit my screen time on the weekends to give myself a break.
Why is it so confusing to open ePub files on a nook ?
Do they have a special app or something to make my life infinitely easier?
We're serving over 110,000 students on Localist.
Quite the milestone!
I know walking away isn't the best decision, but I can't stop you from doing what you think is the right decision
Man this guy luks lik he got a giant rock in his gut it jus sit in 1 spot
Howard Brown tells me his firm has scrapped hotel plans for Baltimore's vacant Mechanic Theatre; instead will build two towers w/600 apts.
oh please
you forgot to give me your number...and now i don't know what time you are picking me up for our date tonight!
love you .x
Can anyone think of a reason why top players would have a harder time adjusting to a bad court surface than 2ndtier players?
You can never be successful if your worried about how you look infront of ppl.
About to board a plane to Beirut, via Paris.
Super excited.
; song number 3 we agree on.
:o
Too Damm cold out.
The heat better not let philly in this game.
If you dnt like Selena then why can you only like Justin if your Gunn like one of them them y not both...luv ya Selena and bieber
sljsummit10 Valenza: confusion with devicedoctorven environment  full of complications for kids getting stuff they need
I love you and we will never forget you.
RIP JACK READY.
You will always be with us.
Never seen our house this clean before!
You go !!!
Thank you.
Productive week thus far.
bra off, panties south, touge kissn yo mouth, pullin on yo nipples, house play from the war horse, parked next to the devils sled,
important lesson in life: always attach whatever you were going to attach to your email before you start writing it.
everyone forgets.
Me either...lol!
Glad to have you here with us, happy bday to your friend!
Pizza lovers of the world be strong, Cicis has brought the alfredo sauce back!
Could cheesy bread be next??
RT a Wisconsin player gets the 6th Man of the Game award.
NU doesn't have a 6th man tonight!
No points off the bench.
Kids bored?
Bring the family to SECCA's free Community Day today noon to 5pm.
Art projects, break dancing demos and 3 exhibitions on view.
First 's guitars are stolen, now 's bike?
Wish more ppl adhered to 's law.
tim fo sum killin COD COD COD
so sorry...I hate the feeling when u get outbid
just learned about  it's awesome!
Congrats!
F off you stupid menstrual cramps
.
with their work on Sarah Phillips and with their work on Junior Seau: more proof that blogs know what they're doing.
GOOD AFTERNOON TWITTER!
Wow she is just too perfect.
She has all the qualities I lack.
Gosh I wish I were her!
it's impossible, I've tried and failed miserably multiple times...
i know.
ill be up til like two when i could of been done at like 10.
Scar swear this is Juicy J on the stage 
would you go to a gay club ?
i havent been to the club yet .
lol
Thank you, stay tuned for updates!
Beak masks, no longer just for the black plague also for stinky dogs
I can't believe is in Arizona and won't come see me.
Smh
Happy Veteran's Day to everyone who served in the military, including my Mommy Dearest who served 22 years in the U.S.
Air Force!
It's time for me to learn to dance in the rain rather than wait for sun
Mindnumbing...
Thinking If I should call you but idk...
I probably won't.
Love is like ART.
Heartbroken on the canvas.
Painted the perfect picture, you seemed to never get it; Colors prevailyou turn into a monster
4low us n give us ur Em 4 mo details on the Feature Films Projects cos it not safe here
Am I back home in Minnesota?!
Rain, thunder and possible tornadoes in Southern California!!??
That's crazy!
I still can't get over the fact that fucking all state arena is pushing back the stage.
Like WTF is that about ?!
IM BLIND, WOMEN !
I didn't know your cat overlord was a robot cat overlord!
Earthquakes, tsunami warning, windy, rainy, volcanic activity, civil defense sirens going off every hour...
Oh my off to a FREAKY FRIDAY!!!
Thanks to our listeners guests 4 an amazing show.
Thanks Republican candidate Knesset Member  legendary Carol Connors
How are comps going, LISonauts?
cool, I know Sal..
Good look
My hand keeps cramping up I don't know why but it's really painful....
25 days till I am 40 weeks.
So really anytime between then and now!
my bad.
my software must have unfollowed.
more like anything featuring a cast of dogs
Go N Get It

flee themselves; for when alone they recall many difficulties and expect others, but not when in company Aristotle NE1166b
wat u mean?
I'll never understand why anyone would CHOOSE to vote Republican or join them.
ah duluth tomorrow im gunna get crazy.
for sure.
:p
Come in and park.
I'll give u 5 to park.
the Sprinkler of Death?
Best idea EVER!
i am about 2 watch the movie Tangled :
Mondays aren't ALL bad...We're serving warm, fresh, cookedtoorder Greek Cheeseburgers for 5 from 11am4pm!
Man, this game is getting dirty as hell.
SinceWeAreBeingHonest I think Stiles is a fake.
Look at some of the pictures he puts up and some stuff he says doesn't add up.
lmao.
He bout to be like daddy y my diapah purpah
Wow, SNL was killer last night.
there's a 95 chance you'll end up comanaging a motel with her skeleton re: kid/mom on TIME cover
I love local lattes at fido with
Although men, too, can have selfesteem issues related to hair loss, for women it is often even more traumatic
I miss you
Take the family to BarBistro  The Arts Factory to celebrate the season!
No one does holiday cuisine quite like Chef Beni.
Oh Aimee!
RT : His eyes crinkled in interest.
A detective in kitten heels?...I bet you ride a scooter, too.
Sitting in class wondering who would die if one of the fans fell down.
I just realized I'm going to be single for the rest of my life : :
please stick to beer and not jokes.
Our first FF on this new handle!
Thank you!
Watching my two favorite players in the league battle one another  a sour mash on the rocks, priceless.
Not a big fan of working on weekends 
Faith down under!
Wanna see in Sydney Australia??
I'll get u qualified Mon.
morning beginning  6am on !
This week will be all about getting stuff done.
Ready.
Set.
Go.
If they're not a part of the SOLUTION.., then they MUST be a part of the PROBLEM.
nah it's not, we just love cats :3
NEED HELP.
Old Iphone died, Have a new one but lost all my contacts.
If you're reading this PLEASE text me or DM me your number.
Thanks!!
English final.
This is gunna suck!
It's so peculiar and strange it's abnormal no one understands how I deal with him
thank you for the FridayReads shout out!
I'll be seeing you this upcoming week, right?
Oh no.
You gotta run them.
Throw your arms up!
Ignorant people dismiss emerging technology and trends.
Smart people embrace them and run with it.
RT I just downloaded a dj app.
HMU if you need a d for a party
Yo Nashville, if you're not doing anything tonight, come wind down the weekend at the Exit/In ...
there's 2 nice soul bands playing!
I just wanna be happy
good luck!!
Today I'm thankful for our awesome creative  tech freelancers  writers, designers, and SEO whizzes.
Thank you for your awesome work!
Are you searching for a spa to relax and unwind?
is a hot spot that you will LOVE!
DC: What's up this weekened?
R U ready for 12/31?
Let's celebrate in the streets of CHINA TOWN!
WE WILL BE BACK STRONGER THAN EVER!!
...Everyone has something to share!
Just tripped and tried to play it off like I was jogging....I FEEL SO STUPID!
Going a day without swearing is impossible for me
Take a big bite out of that apple !!Enjoy
what's shaking bacon??
Check out Wretched starring Todd Friel at 5:30 pm weekdays on KEENTV, one of Legacy TV's finest offerings.
Then watch it again at 9:30 p
because is the best, our iPod jack should be fixed next week!
Nf she cool:
RT : A reception honoring Don Slesnick for his service as mayor of CoralGables is set for June 8
Just working on getting my Twitter game right!
see ya later:
leadership starts with 5 words: How may i help you?
Love iPhones?
Love film?
SECCA mixes the 2 in Mobile Mini Movie Competiton.
Finals Thursday, May 3, 6 pm.
LIght refreshments.
Free.
If I break up with my girlfriend and all she does is cut my hair, The first thing I do is find a new barber.
Car wash tomorrow :
The progressive commercial auto commercial is funny.
: This guy at the bar just told me his wife is 4' 9 tall...by 4'9 wide.
How sweet...perfect dimensions 4 Instagram pics!
there's no such thing as to many piercings :P lol
well your more than welcome to
FF Thanks for following us!
Have a great weekend.
Embrace your new robot overlords RT : it is about humans not machines!

why did u decide on this bimodal method?
4FamousWords You Only Live Once .
RT : Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented  fabulous?
Actually, who are you not to be?
Thanks hon.
I'm here for ya.
In other news, my mom is wearing bedoctorom shoes.
When she walks it sounds like she's wearing snow boots ...
in the snow.
That would be great.
I also think BS was better at 3rd than ours.
Because everyone fucking sucks.
I think I might be the only person who just watched the Super Bowl just for the commercials.
Slumber Party with and !!
The last time I stayed up THAT late over a book was for Twilight.
I have no idea why I make this stuff public on twitter!
Thanks, Kimi!
I'm proud of myself!
AP is not an easy class
please follow and i?
Thanks :
is he okay.?
I would like a ticket oak.
Thank you Southwest for the WiFi!
It makes my life so much easier!
Right!!
I was so freaking mad!!!
I had to work!
Last day of TXLA12 in the morning.
Kind of sad it's over.
I didn't get nearly as much free stuff as I thought.
Learned a bit though.
At the Bluetooth offices testing with lots of phones.
You've gotta love interoperability!
toomuch??
: RT : note to self: do not read bosses emails with a full bladder.
Deyer just turned the fans on in the warehouse, it's like the power of 3 helicopters up in this piece.
I may need a hoodie.
.
PARDON MY CRAZY.
should the original sewer rat be offended?
NeverShouldYouEver Lie to me..
Just received your email to contribute for Tom Barrett.
Since both Obama2012  DNC are sitting this one out, I should donate?
it never worked on my andoctorid tablet or nook  it did work on my phone
kombucha is the new jesus juice
: Hey Russell Wilson...
Welcome to the REAL effing Big Ten!
I wonder if Keke Palmer is legal yet?
hey Riley!
When are you going to star in another film?
YOU GUYS.
Sherlock is back on Masterpiece Theater this Sunday.
Cumberbatch  Freeman, FTW!
when cars going to starting running on vegetable oil!
these gas prices ridiculous!
you know Santorum's out of the race?
Didn't know u were following me!
Lol
Rose: You got a love bite on your neck.
Your life's goin' down the toilet!
Tschumi: the manifesto is a contract that the undersigned make between themselves and society.
My tummy hurts like a bitch.
Great to take Amsterdam historic dike walk and end with Automatiek.
..and hello Jasper ..we met at MW2011.
girl i'm bout to bop yo Venezulean ass into next tuesday then you really goen say it feel like your very first CROAK
I think that is some sort of cosmic law on bedwear, actually.
maybe an foam egg crate can help for a bit longer?
where did u send it?
Fucken hate everyone that went to Bamboozle.
No worries, I wasn't planning on doing anything until tomorrow afternoon, so that should fit just fine.
Thanks!!
Put clothes on idiot
We are working on it!
London and Paris bound!
a big end to a big year.
European Christmas Vacation...chevy chase would be proud.
I Love the things da U do.The words i need to hear to get me trow da day N make it ok.I miss U..??
Boxed wine and The Descendants.
Pretty nice little Friday night.
Chicago Blackhawks Season in Review, Part 5: Are Sparks Flying in Management?
Bleacher Report
765 leg day destroyed me.
Try it out
they said by Patro?
not even camping on memorial weekend?
Thanks!
Glad people are enjoying!
A bit early for the first session of the day, winning conversations with
It is not economical to go to bed early to save the candles if the result is twins.
Chinese Proverb
I think John Elway kept Brian Xanders around just long enough to learn his job, then ousted him.
hate that I missed the Vegas trip.
I can't make Wednesdays game b/c it's earlier.
But Billups, Jesse  the boys got ya covered
Want to make a video.
20 questions maybe?
Give me some questions and I will upload the video tomorrow!!
Tweet me please thanks!
aw imagine how fun bowling with would be
Just got to Utah, it's beautiful out here.
I'm looking forward to the premiere of PRICE CHECK at SUNDANCE FILM FESTIVAL 2012.
Call with reality TV producer just got moved up to tomorrow.
They want to move ahead with the project ASAP.
Well ain't that good news!
Dear Repubs: Says a lot about your party when rightwing radical Sen.
Tom Coburn acts like the adult in your midst.
OH hell yeah!
Best weekend ever.
But I didn't sleep last night.
I'm still really tired, but not sleeptired lol.
BAD.
is your manhattan store open on christmas day?
Omg are you kidding?!
XD
Mission of Burma on soundopinions Yes!!
Time for the Friday music question.
What music do you associate with Dick Clark?
Explanations and video links welcome.
Renvenge WOW, at least this is not the last week.
I thought it was and could not understand how they could squeeze everything into 1 night!
great chatting with you as well....still owe you an email, on computer now so its coming!
will be talking to her Wednesday morning!
Starting from you...
Saying Haaretz and NYT are one of Israel's  and the Jewish Nation  worst enemies isn't far from truth
well she should come since u already missed 2 games like a bitch
HEY!
congrats : how many tickets did you win?
ah alex follows my other account I could try to get him to follow you!
That does sound fun!
I love Columbia city!
someone should make a shirt that says blamepaul on it.
An evening with Distil Milwaukee in Paris.
It doesn't get any better than that.
ikno its messes up everything abt a girl
Thanks for the retweet  greatly appreciated!
Ilene
do u have VIP for the NYC concert!?
Wondering what to do tonight?
Join us for happy hour from 47p then learn to swing dance at 8p!
you rock Chandoctor..
we added the update to your website, thnxs The Actor Store
I'm golfing this weekend even if it snows
Why do people come to wcc in doctorsses and wedges
One day, there will a Hollywood movie about this
The more I try the less I get
VIRUS To all who may have rec'd spam / infected emails claiming to be from me or the ASDCenter DO NOT OPEN !
Hackers!
Thanks for your RTs and mentions 
Is your biz growing like gangbusters?
is a Chicagobased Microsoft Citrix PaloAltoNetworks partner w/ custom solutions 4 u!
If you're like me, night time is the hardest time to stay on track diet wise.
Let's stay strong don't blow a whole day's worth of work!
Well yeah he dodged bullets w/J Lo....he could've dodged them w/me now LOL!
Could it be my punishment to suffer the aftermath of cancer, with it's pain and discomfort.
Just another day of shit.
Wine hangover ugh my head hurts
Cant stand it :

matunda ya kwanza is Kiswahili since it was viewed as pan african language.
I think its celebrated 12/26 to New Year n USA
May I respectfully ask that you no longer send any autotweets after 11:00 P.M.
Dallas Time?
Thank you and I appreciate you.
Dean
do you have childoctorn peddling girl scout cookies in front of the stores there ?
I SWEA I HATE when people try to act like they stuck on stupid?
What a great week!
Thanks to and many many more from
bullpuckey, we were FREEZING.
Cant believe you were on a bike!
What not, eh...
LUCKY YAMMER!
Miss you, bud!
RT : Thank you for the last 2 years it was great!
Ready for some time!
Good morning
fixed, maybe.
any reading intervention strategies for a student who is pronouncing initial sounds but then guessing on rest of word?
Do y'all still need help with merch tonight?
Follow and get more followers with gaurntee
Meh...today could be going better.
lol Especially since the lasagna is gone.
Today's lunch won't compare to yesterdays.
Some of us like to hike , camp and mtn bike on the weekends.
so we need cars to get to the mtns
Lovely dinner  Jane's on Courtland.
Great neighborhood eats.
Walk to/from even in brisk April air.
Veggie salad to die for!
Yummy fish!
Ways to get more involved!
Juan Uribe is trash...
we can do better then a washed up fat guy swinging out of his shoes and hitting .200 with no power.
Can't we?
Gonna sleep in tomorrow.
I love the fact that I have no school
Just a reminder our 40 Day Easter Fast begins tomorrow.
Consider sacrificing something  making time to engage God
Cant wait to see you on the KCA's !!!!!!!!!
i voted for you like 100 times!
FavAussieStar 3
i think 60 but that's still cheap for a concert tho..
doctorkes are going for like 150ish You going?
The Spurs are 3714 through 51 of 66 games this lockoutshortened season.
They were 3713 in the lockoutshortened 1999 season.
Once money management and opportunity recognition mastered, the trading becomes mostly dealing with psychology and emotions90 of tradi
why are people so rude around the holidays??
if you lived here, you could come!
Baltimore city health clinics saw increase in male participation after making effort to make more attractive to males
Yeah I know.
Doesn't mean I still can't chill with my big bro!
3
That was really dumb.
Im loving how amazing it is to have such wonderful people around you
At , where are making Phil Spector proud.
Preaccusedmurderer Phil Spector, that is.
you Adventure School folk are a bunch of sweet talkers.
i was just bored i guess; showin' some love for the Mahoneeee ;
Good luck.....on your apartment.
I just had an inspection in mine and I scored a new heater...
wanna celebrate cinco de mayo  Taylor Gourmet?
We got you...add a lil hot sauce to any hoagie!
Work hard play hard !
Yes it is..lol
same here!
Are you in the middle of demos now?
Had no idea that went silent during the actual event!
Talk about missed opportunities
Celtics are looking much better!!
Leggooo!
Still haven't tried Screaming Tuna Sushi?!
What are you waitin' for!
It's pretty, pretty, pretty pretty good.
My FKE kids were awesome, as usual.
Hope to see lots of them over the summer at the library!
2nd half often a different game.
Could be better, could be worse.
Let's hope for better for the Pack.
Much better.
how did my whole body get sore in the middle of the semester?
0.o oh yeah, autumn!
: 
just got home from a fun night!
with a whole buncha people!:
I got you bro hold up
Why Chris Paul and Blake Griffin both rocking them Hobo beards
once again your boy gilbride has let a team back in the game by going conservative.
OK so maybe eating a big donut instead of lunch wasn't a good plan if I wanted to be productive this pm.
Z.
Wake me when it's happy hr.
Enjoyed it as well.
No shame in admitting that ilovechickflicks, and CrazyStupidLove is indeed a great one.
Haters only hate the things that they can't get and the people they can't be.
leapofreason author Mario Morino just finished speech at City Club in Cleveland, huge ovation  powerful challenge to rethink philanthropy
if this is real blood and you really did cut yourself I'm sorry but that's not cute
Why?
Use of tech isn't the goal.
But use of tech in the right way can amplify goals of political reform or anything else.
Congrats to on signing at Panola Junior College
thanks I'll email them
You know who Josh Hamilton is?
fuck chris brown....
Really?
Who's the winner?
Are you asking about Sat dinner or brunch?
RT : What's good?
World!
cookies
do you want me to microwave them?
is that a fucking joke
HUGE MOVE SALE !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
: I just realized I'm the only kid in my kindergarten class with a smart phone.
Caillou: a Tech Ed leader.
nice work, let the digital cartography via Google commence.
feels great to co/inspire!
Why would Typed/Bookmarked show up as a social network in the Referrer Types  Social Network report?
let's go shirt shopping Friday!
I still need a shirt
I don't know my parents didn't say anything so I guess I'm ok but then again parental silent treatment
gnr i cause i can be a nightmare bitch
girl im here for you!.
What do you need?
big thanks to the christians who gave blood for my homemade matzo ball soup!
it is TASTY!
Wouldn't it be great if we could brighten someone's day, and give God credit?
I bet if we keep our eyes open we'll find an opportunity...
I think I've watched maybe two innings of the Reds so far.
Meh.
Adding new products to the shop!
Stay tuned for news!
Oh honey I know that.
I was gonna add you in my happy mother's day
A dumb law with a very dumb consequence.
these look amazing  count me in!
Hope things are doctoring out up there.
thatawkwardmoment when you have to cheer against a childhood friend..
Just got word that NuMe codes should all be activated.
Thanks for all of your patience!
Last movies seen: Weekend, Take Me Home Tonight, The Last Picture Show, Identification of a Woman
Sirens outside in quakertown means Santa riding through town on a fire truck, not crime like in dc.
We are all responsible for our own life.
Don't fall into the trap thinking you are a victim of yours.
Embrace owning your choices for 2012.
The most valuable person you will ever encounter in life is a GENUINE Problem Solver.
thanks!
yea that sounds cool just tell me how to make it happen.
Good!!
Busy!!
How you been?
WHERE you been??!
can't wait till we in Dallas!!!
my legs hurt like a mf!!
Go fuck yourself Brady you don't deserve it.
Good job
I know a redhead that likes to party and has a birthday coming up!
Forecast for Tuesday: Cloudy in the morning.
Becoming partly cloudy.
Patchy fog in the morning.
Highs 63 to 68 near...
Damon and Alaina 
The work day now equals 24 hours.
Oy.
Boehner looks really stress out and he's lost some weight.
Graduation from Georgetown Journalism School today!
DJ Sammi is at The Place Tonite filling in for DJ Nixx...
Last night the New Jersey Devils were in, and they said they were coming back...
Rutherford Haze
thank you for that reminder.
I needed it tonight.
I guess I can use any format that works on the iPad
Everyone needs believe in something.
I believe I'll have another beer.
We'll be in contact with your athletic director.
Appreciate the support!!
Great piece on CMI today about doubling content without doubling workload!
And we love GoSO!
RT Celebrate endings...for they precede new beginnings.
Jonathan Lockwood Huie
I think this is great and absolutly needed...i have some ideas of how it can work...email me and we can chat more
I love NYC too....
yeah Erphun is cool as hell!
Hot Damn Grizzlies!!!!!!
Shout OUT to the real OTAKU which is TEAMJUMP SJ VIP
Hey it's entertaining haha btw to fix your coffee/sleep dilemma...decaf!!
I have no friends and i'm going to keep it that wayy
In with new out with the old
thank you:
Jesus looking at NBA stat lines how fucking high were the knicks?
Mello doctorps TWELVE and novak took 12 shots...
all 3s
New ed reform groups, pushing Emanuel's agenda 4 schools, could accelerate change in Chicago
haha I'm still lost thoughh..
Ferris Wheel  WBC?
Um yes.
Now you can get your buzz on 63 feet in the air!
Yay!
That is my specialty!
:
o love that pic
Come on beat out those Glassmen!
thanks buddy.
I could use all the love I can get!
oh goodness !
Who knows !
haha what a stud
Thanks for the follow.
Strasburg is a great pitcher but not much of a base runner.
Hoping everyone is having a great Labor Day weekend.
Hahaha I actually just laughed out loud
Increase cognition in kids with LD: Vitamin D, Omega3, Nature/get outside!, exercise and avoid food dyes and processed foods.
WhyDoiAlways worry about stuff that hasnt even happened yet
Enstad from sun prairie finishes 4th place at state wrestling.
or a Walk Director for Autism Speaks, Revlon, MS Foundation, etc
Either way, I like it!
You can download my book FREE today on the kindle.
Beyond the Summit: An Everest Adventure and Romance
Yup.
I need a liver transplant.
wait what?
ahah
Anyone from the JLM area going to Google Engage event tomorrow in Airport City?
lol u always thinkin and same here ;P
I hope this ref can't sleep tonight knowing he did a terrible thing today
I wish I was whataburger...
because you really like it.
;p
So, I'm feeling you but I don't know how to go about telling you 
We're little, it hurts and heals a kiss.
When he grows up, a kiss hurts.
thank you for following me.
I am excited to hear more about your recycling efforts, gear and ideas!!
Very cool!
Boomers need to up their Omega 3's.
Read more at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
do something
Based on my lack of sleep last night, I should be out cold.
But I think I'm like a little kid.
I want to stay up to see what's going on!
I'm going down in a week.
Wish we were there at the same time :
Good morning!
Enjoy the hump day loop!
Today at 1pm  9pm EST, we'll be airing DJAK's Magic Summer Tour show.
nkairplayradio.com
As in...
Sentence you find acceptable, please.
:
Just had lunch with Roxanne H.
Looking forward to your Redemption Rant!

Thanks for the shout out!!
Please say it will be an icecream cake.
that's cute
Banana cake?!
Now you are teasing me.
I need to make something with those bananas the kids won't eat because they have spots!
RT FREE SHIPPING on all purchases 11/13!
Time to get our shop on
Ty for the Favorite dolls!
have a marvelous monday!
xox
who do you think you are like a celebrity no your a woman beater and i don't approve of you.
oh yeah i hope wwe jumps you
Oh, I'll just listen to these awesome songs I haven't heard in a while as I do my APWorld homework.
NOT THE BEST IDEA.
haha
that so true
That's cool.
My main concern was a small, parallel parkable, cheap hatchback that can fit my dog and an amp.
Mission accomplished.
So many bad puns during 1000WaysToDie lol.
watching my first episode of SYTTD ever.
trying to do this bride thing correctly
Thanks so much for the follow, D'layna!
Check out my music if you have time.
Hope you like it 3
Love in its essence is spiritual fire.
Emanuel Swedenborg
Who is Milwaukee's long term solution at 1B?
Ishikawa?
Hart?
What's John Jaha up to these days?
hi i just home :
Not to mention when he did do it, it never hit the majority of his opponents.
love you !
Show was incredible  waiting the hour after RUNNING to catch the 11:14 train was worth it!
3
Rant Sports is looking to hire NBA fans to blog about their favorite teams, send a direct message if interested in a paid blogger position
awesome!
Jealous.
There is no Strongbow here.
Also, he might want to ask the bartender if the musicians get discount taps.
Time for some history channel.
Tomorrow have to go to work early!
I need to grow that fucken habit!
Already!
Mann...
MOAR doctorNKS, guys!
Where do you keep the bourbon?
Someone pls find the bourbon.
On way.
I say the same thing to my stylist
I RESPECT YOU CJ
grind time!
I see Fabulous ppl everywhere!!
i thought he'd rule the world 2 yrs ago.
on a good note though, i thoroughly approve of the clean cut look.
yes, am shallow.
:
You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?
Rumi ...
Where are your wings?
Join me at in writing to spread your
Hey, you're goin' down, sucker !
Recorded voice over for new video game today.
Little raspy, lot of fun...
RT : What does ethnicity mean?
Language, holidays, food that your mom made.
Past, personal, present.
Lls you wild playboy
they just pissed me off!
Didn't ask him.
He was completely bewildered looking for a store.
Are they making a new season of curb or what
it's a wonderful day in the wisco, Bucks are evening up the series tonight!
I can't say anything yet!!!
At least 34 new items :
Nice mention on blog!
at sxsw?
How is it this year ?
Fortune, i dont need no glammer or pics of me in magz.
I dont need the media in my life.
I shun the limelight.
We have the same phone!
:D
I'm planning on walking
i really wanna take you down, and show u what im about
Visit the booth at the TowsonTown Festival this weekend if you have any questions about the org, our volunteers or our work in MD!
LOVE the idea of meditation as protection!
RT : I do a simple prayer/meditation with my childoctorn each night.
Not a problem.
You can always call ahead and do that too.
Happy birthday!!
You stay classy Phoenix
that's a good pic!
Like a pinata....
RT : Need one more on Bryzgalov ...
they can break him wide open!
When was the last time you saw a DH pitch?
Red socorioles, bottom of 16th
I don't get a reimbursement, but the T money comes out pretax and is incomedeductible from MA State Tax.
ready for spring training???
I'm ready for some baseball
haha, the gazillionaire list is easy.
I'm good, super sore, tgif!!
This one legged bunofsteel is tired!
haha.
I didn't know he's in it until today...it's gonna be a fun show!
Jennifer!
How're you, lovely?
The Northwest still misses your presence.
:
listening to an oral history interview I did a few years back.
I started on Operation Popcorn for tomorrow.
Just got done reading the book TheBigMiss.
Such a great read.
Incredibly interesting and well written!!
I Couldn't put it down!
a foolish man is he who doesn't go with wild berry with frosting when given the chance  Confucius
My daughter is cheering at a 8th grade game.
Its a blow out and the refs blow the whistle and stop the clock every 2 seconds.
STOP IT
wouldn't shock me if removed the tweet.
Oh i remember it.
It reminds me of AOL...it brings back feelings of frustration waiting for pages to load.
In the great fire of London in 1666 half of London was burnt down but only 6 people were injured.
Just another reminder you can catch us LIVE at April 21st at CD release show!
It's going to be a whale of a time.
I neva knew knew would make it to final 4, put me in CEO n watch me score
i hate standardized tests, don't know what to study
Truly I am your servant, LORD; I serve you just as my mother did; you have freed me from my chains.
Psalm 116:16
you are the best Christian Rapper and singer!!!!!
About to find me a new living room set.
I am hopeful they will have something Madi proof!

Looking for my car yet .
Which server will bring me a dbl mocha medium today?
Can you imagine the victorious cast graduating from Hollywood Arts?
I don't want Victorious to stop!
:
at the middle school level I did but now back in elem stud not present..:/ thoughts?
Not surprising.
3D Action movies are almost painful to watch.
Thor was basically made for me, and in 3D I couldn't follow it.
Tonight's regular monthly meeting is postponed due to the predicated snow.
We'll tweet when the meeting is rescheduled.
gonna need backstory on new avi
who's interested in learning more about and Local Investing?
check out in Madison.
you on Maher,I thought u were reasonableable to reexamine ur own mindinterested in ur opinion on abortiongay marriage
happybirthdayAndoctorw should be trending instead of happybirthdayjustin .
We finally get some resolution to this jumbled league.
You're completely in your element.
bitch, quit taking pictures of me and doctorve, WTF are you trying to kill us both?
Sincerely, the dog in the passenger seat...
Thank you :
There's reason why you don't fucking follow me so don't fucking tweet me!
MeatballRAGE!
We agree!
Gotta love the Mission Cafe  RT : Had a great lunch with Greg at today in North Park.
Oh yes!
I'm proud of you.
Also, I'm clearly getting a lot more done by trolling twitter....
We love the ones we grow to hate
I never love Sally more then when it's clear she's Betty's daughter.
Thank you NYU for the scholarship money.
It helps a 'lil bit.
but...you love me...
Mayweather  Pacquiao is up there with an NCAA football playoff on the list of Things that Needed to Happen Yesterday
Work out?
Or hair cut?
SUMMER IS SO SOON.
gracias, Project Pat!
haha u have to is so funny!: sorry I didn't tweet back earlier I was doing a project and my iPod died
They say we're making our way, our way to an early grave
Santa Cruzin it!!
Ew.
Maths test results tomorrow 
Good morning!
Could be a dicey communte.
Stay tuned to CBS 58 Morning News for 's foreast and the exclusive iCam
God will give seed to the sower.
that's just perfect
Poor Schmidt broke his wee wee.
Manet or Monet?
Which beard is better?
Just over 24 hours until kickoff!
Wake up the echoes!
Let's go Irish!
Excited about this slumber party I'm about to have with my bed, pillows  blankies
Free cute little gift bags with any jewelry purchase!
Come on Bayern!
I really hope the kid isn't attached for next month's Are You Dad Enough?
cover.
how has BTR changed
I was just in a deep sleep now I'm wide away fuck!
Welcome to the consensus hub Thnx for following!
we really want to karoake!!
Listening to Mika while burning a candle.
It really make Biology kinda nice.
soup beats frozen pizza, IMO.
Its that time again!
Be 1st to tweet us a good joke to win tickets to and this Friday!!!
Looking forward, tweeters!
Is this the smooth talking Obama America voted for?.......
somebody please bring the telepropter.
And you'll slur the words please babe be mine so cute.
While I'm hopeful that this is the truth.
At a Mexican restaurant in Detroit and they HAVE NO CILANTRO AND NO STEAK TACOS!!!!!!!
WHERE THEY DO DAT AT????
twitter should be used as a lens, study news and trending topics by from
lol, who would shoot you?
may your eyes be bright is a beautiful sentiment and phrase
Great tips.
Had a dog show up last fall  kept him.
Was so excited the 1st time he went running with me!
Now I have a new partner.
That's exactly how I read Howard's article, too.
you and nicki pussy stink ask the hood, no body trying fuck Ya 'LL, go to hell hoes step Ya'll pussy game up Lol!
Ain't no shame in my game I do it wit my tongue, and if you a bad bitch I'll let you ride my face ;
Let's go HAWKS!!!!
Met the very generous Roger Wolfson tonight at He'll inspire you to be a better artist.
I wish the boys could come, as well.
That would be fun.
I'm looking forward to hanging out with you guys.
Feels so gudd to be naked with the fan on!
Thinking 'bout the National Parks.
Thanks Ken Burns  Co.
for the show and the book.
They both have been a tonic for the soul.
These stans are mad!
I'm loggin off of here lol
OH at work today: I'm not dumb.
I am a sales guy, but I'm not dumb!
Me?
Smug?
A good way to respond to someone who calls you smug.
I should get a cheap vibrator and travel w/ it in carry on.
Just to bug them.
Keep up the fight against SOPA/PIPA
Can't wait to see Derby Baby on Saturday
Thx!
Let us know what u think!
RT awesome 2 c u here!Heard theproject from checkthe sounds:
Best of luck!
What's the  of Lexus, BMWs and Mercedes in the I15 toll lanes?
Are they truly 'Lexus lanes?' Find out Saturday
Who wants some FREE samples of the best hangover supplement out there!?
Tell me your weekend plans.....most exciting ones get free sample.
Just new Food trailer has arrived
Mayor Rothschild wants to rid negative image of Tucson; forgot education and ...
Tucson Citizen Mayor Rothschild wants to rid negative
Dumb question: Do Clipps play I love LA after wins?
I've never been to Clipps game when they've won.

yet not til 13RT Producers of The Killing contemplated revealing Rosie Larsen's killer in the first episode of the new season
Much live to an amazing lady and can't wait for filming
what is an olcott and how do you kill it?
A huge Thank You to you for coming out and Surprising me!
Best Birthday Gift!
I have photos of comping us VEUVE!
Just got done with my workout now its time to shower and relax until later xoxo
She is a good girl.
Why is a church handing out wine?
Is it a Catholic church?
Look Up!
i wanna go to Memphis and see my family
I'm tryna go to Colorado lol
everyone having a good monday?
Couple adjustments in SBVillage to help people move through the crowds.
Patti LaBelle headlining tonight!
ugh like two days Ago
RANGER beer tonight , And im so lucky baked fish !!!
ha ha pssht go find him
Nice!
Are you providing realtime again?
steno RT Excited about tonight's Mock Deposition with Georgia State Law.
The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an icecream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free
Work Hard, Play Hard By Wiz is
Bad officials are elected by good citizens who do not vote.
George Jean Nathan
jeebus RT That was certainly an odd ending to a playoff game.
There are so many things I love about airports.
My Joint make a UTurn GetIt ?
suburban commando
Just started 's Defensive Network Security final and wasted the first 5 minutes laughing.
Well played, sir.
Well played.
I sent you a project proposal a few days ago.
Did you get it?
If whitepeaceful and pure; and, dense freezing fog creates white out; then, how can this winter day be dark and bleak?
When the storms of life bring destruction, your blessed assurance policy covers u 4 life!
WTF is going on in this class
HOW ADORABLE are 's daughters!!
Nice work girls!
Have fun :
My skin gets so friggin doctor in the winter, constantly moistruizing.
Zum products are the best.
We're wrapping up a fun, productive day of learning, sharing, and growing at upstream2012.
Can you feel the passion?
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!!!
CHIEFS WIN!
Packers turned to swiss cheese
i want your chicago bulls thing you have on in your twitcon !
:D
See you at Door64 Tech Fair today!
they r out crying
stop!
Just stop it!
Pahahahaha
My talents are being called upon for a very wide range of requests today.
As much as we are tired and sick of school, be happy for you can say you have another day to live
Always appreciate 's insight.
It was a great read.
Being laid off.....BetterwithConfett??
So far april has been fucked up for me...
I am enjoying my day off.
I will do a bunch of reading and sunbathing!!!
says Don't hate me cause I'm 10000 better than you.
3
A Black Panther Poem By NEETTA BLACK Inspired by the story of a Black Man.
But the Lakers still suck.......
Don't forget: All rides need to have a ride bib/number.
Check in to pick yours up, it gets you all the yummy treats.
Nver expect things to happen, its better to feel surprised than to feel disappointed.
ok S.
Says please with a cherry on top.
Follow
Wine and sushi turns into darts and a Black and Tan.
atxcouncil approves a slate of changes to elections rules, including limits on bundling
Jenae is upset w/ her friends bc they won't take the talent show seriously?
She's forcing it on them...
cardo what's ur number?
Throwing a spades party tonight yo
I got netflix!!
YEAH
Got our own today too : We work in a great news mkt.
Need to catch up soon!
can't stop singing La La by
The weekend is nearly here!
Stop in tonight and get it started early!
Seattle screening of Kane Hall tonight at 7pm.
Come out and support
Snow?
Really?
Haha this will be the first time I've seen snow in almost two years ah
you strike me as more of a Hey Dude kind of guy.
We are totally a Salute your shorts' type company.
I REALLY NEED TO GET SOME GAS!
In lieu of notable, she is notorious.
You catch more flies with honey.

Alot of Women don't know what they want, Alot of Men never know what they have.
The novel ATown Veteran is based in Atlanta and the author is from Augusta.
Download your copy from Amazon and see if he's official.
Some serious goofing going around the shop right now...
yay!
My workout was cut short when this tall, dark  handsome got in acting like it was the Olympics!
Jesus saves ;
Sweet  reTweet ; Emmi
follow back 
so how are you?
It's rock week on DWTS and I'm in heaven!
I got you covered my friend.
It's going to be a smashing event!
sure thing!
Cool products
Peeta and Katniss are such a cute couple can't wait for catching fire!!!!
is a wonderful, awesome tool.
Megan has done a great job.Glad it was mentioned.
even though i woke up like at 2 today i was still productivw
Talking to 2nd graders about writing today.
And then with about writing this weekend.
Love.
It.
Fruit stripe gum is like a man that bleeps too soon.
I swear!
Delicious and the flavor is gone in SECONDS!
LITERALLY SECONDS!
:
Carrier Mausoleums Construction Expands Focus on Glass Front Niches by Expanding Senior Management Team
no one likes you....so you shouldn't be on the internet
I need song suggestions for my new ADULT mixtape.
Are the Twins fielders even trying, that the second or third ball they've seem to let roll to the wall...
A man who exposes himself when he is intoxicated, has not the art of getting doctornk!
Anonymous
Prom picture stalking
7 mile run complete....
Hoping for an easy Turkey Trott!
Decided to go to screenwriting group tonight.
The Big Move has kept me home packing last few meetings.
Not tonight!
its funna be friday
For more information, contact .
Hello!
Are you testing who is real?
It seems a lonely cry in the dark...Hello on Twitter...
Brewers are giving me anxiety!!
LoL!
Game time is 4:07 tomorrow!
got my haircut yesterday :
Shampoo that keeps your hair on your head bit.ly/icRVoC no more fallouts..
my personal experience.
Im not an actor,character,or stunna.
You rock!
but no LMTF for us.
Ewwwww what the heck IS that?!
Yikes is right!
thanks for the retweet  post went live yesterday tough didn't get to email/feed subscribers till this morning!
if I wasn't about to pass out so hard I'd totes take you up on that
presenting at edui in just a few minutes...
says everyone in the room is smart
Need mobile farmers markets in Tampa Bay.
Retrofit a bus/mobile home purveying fruits, veggies, sustainable edibles to neighborhoods.
yes sir!!!
im playing with a malik on black ops!
O.o
Lebron James also wins Best Receding Hairline / Best Abraham Lincoln Beard Portrayal
Check that: David Lee Roth won't shut up about Indiana
Thank you, please contact , my PR...have a wonderful weekend!
I would be happy to never see Ubaldo, Wheeler, and Asencio pitch another turn in a Tribe jersey.
Why do you have to move?
Ugh.
Why do I love you so much.
You, ass.
Poor McCarthy!
He doesn't need more bad luck!
Business has only two functions  marketing and innovation.
So many things to do, I need to clean, do homework, and finish these flowers for my mom.
christmas party saluting all the hard work
lol don't even get me started on that movie!
Other than the internet, I cannot think of everyday life tech changes that happened after my birth.
protein powder  freshly extracted veggie juice sounded good in theory only...yuck!
: if I were a high school news reporter I'd start today's segment by saying, Mothers everywhere are happy that today is their special day.
it's good to shower on occasion.
I highly recommend it.
Don't need Twitter to be successful
Blah fuck school!
We are notifying you all that it's FRIDAY!
Have a wonderful day, doctorp by for a visit and a chat!
Thank you!
We are glad to be a part of your tour!
The traffic jam starts to form just past I10.
But spirits stay high as the crowd slowly shuffles along.
Damn, I just wanna see Radiohead again coachella weekend2 amazing despite record heat and almost dying yesterday.
Talking to my baby :
Bout to lay in my bed an turn in on the national geographic channel
Masters Cap and gown ordered!!
and yes I needed to put the Masters in there....
Happy Friday!
Come watch the games with us for HH 57PM!
How are your brackets coming along?!
Man y'all can bash the Lakers but they weren't supplanted in the Finals.
The Heat were.
No comparisons.
Thanks.
We'll have to check it out.
Hope all is well
Is there a how to stop crying for dummies?
Spring Formal!
That's the old neighborhood.
Best chicken boxes around.
sings EASTSIDE...I LOVE YOU EASTSIDE!!!
is the performance over yet?
We are just now getting smoothies lol
Perfect day for a sweatsuit
: And we still lost!
We got Tebowed
I had to do a double take on tweet, all I saw was FuiFui and Car Crash, thought there was a tragedy :
The Mothers Day bouquet for my wife was a snap as long a I remember Leaves of three, let it be...
Sitting down to watch TheVoice hoping that TonyLucca comes home w the win
I'm looking forward to it!
Is that regular or diet soda?
The awkward moment when your waiting peacefully to get a massage and the couple next to u start talking about blow jobs
Yes, risk taking is inherently failureprone.
Otherwise, it would be called surethingtaking.
Say yeps one more time you little piece of trash dirtbag.
Oh, and lip lining is so 1994.
And by the way, your grammar is horrendous.
Still a bit on East Coast time.
Somehow, I'm still awake.
Time.
In Physics, concepts are true both forward and backward in time.
True Story.
Hope you have a wonderful time, Jen!
I'm sure you'll look great/
Sometimes, I swear I think you just like to see me pissed off and upset..
Side effect of motherhood: I now kind of want everything attached by velcro strappy things.
iPhone, lip gloss, plane tickets, Tylenol...
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 26
PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist I WISH I WAS A BALLER: SKEELO
Knockout event!
Thank you everyone who participated and well see you next year!
Survey: Who's going to give the new G pages a try?
Can you guys make hearts with ur hands ?
33
fuck yeah I would!;
A successful show.
great to meet everyone.
more rock coming soon
This is very cool.
I'm enjoying these pictures!
This is a way to show off our favorite shots without worrying about storage space.
I can already feel today becoming a that thing you scoped for 2 hours will take 9 if you want it to be good/not ruin your life later day..
I was walking a peaceful antiabortion line.
two young girls doctorve by, honked and flipped me off  the world is hurting  babies are dying.
Even though misterFrey hated me in 8th grade..I bet he appreciates me now that he has my little brother.
practicing makes me even more nervous to go on stage
I have officially seen every episode of the twilight zone.
ugh.
I was sick earlier this week.
Feel better soon!
Good morning!
It is a beautiful day in the neighborhood Tell me something good...
yeah, yeah...
you're going to get a better grade...wait...
we're not getting graded.
I'm learning so much from watching you practice
Those who have knowledge, don't predict.
Those who predict, don't have knowledge.Lao Tzu
Well, did u see episode where she had no makeup?
Yikes!
How do i contact you?
I have questions regarding my account.
I need assistance please.
Kid is staying over at friends so it's date night with the lovely and wonderful
Killed the penalty!
i have.
of course the Celtics girl chimes in.
Instead of hurricane season think of it as perfect weather for boardgames season.
love your place!
:
hello: is the official twitter account name for the Chicago Public Library.
Mine is unofficial.
Thanks
So exciting!
so proud of you, your journey and what you've become !
Miss you all!
Pretty productive day considering I never bothered putting on shoes.
Before my Brother took his life...
he was on that bridge.
Never forget that night.
I was on call with him up on it.
HE KNEW SHE WAS GOING TO PICK DAMON AND THAT BASTARD KISSED HER!!!!!!
PISSED
Today reminds me of a QOTSA lyric: How many times must I sell myself before my pieces are gone?
Still searching for that guy who'd be happy to do anything with me, even if it's helping me study.
It's hurtful whether you realize itor not
Miss you morer.
Thanks!
Here's ta more coming!
thank you for the wonderful tweets today.
So glad you're enjoying the app.
We're enjoying your check outs  comments
Does anyone have a good frontend dev that they can recommend for occasional work?
The Voice  American Idol.
follow please!
Xo
: It's not your fault for hurting me.
It's mine thinking you wouldn't .
thank you ma'am
CANNOT WAIT FOR ADAM LAMBERTS NEW ALBUM!!!!!!!!!
thank you for following me;
For those of you that had any doubts if this was really me...
I am now verified.
Rest Easy
Wishing you a safe and merry Christmas weekend!
What kind of beer though???
If you're doctorving north to MTL on I87, be sure to stop by Saratoga Springs for tea and scones!
Just had wonderful lunch at Slanted Door on bay in San Fran.
Vietnamese in Ferry Bldg, definitely a good one if you're in town!
I mean I did, but fuck it
Enter our sweepstakes today for your chance to win!
It amazes me how many kids are allowed to run screaming down the hotel hallway.
Or even how many adults yell to each other for that matter.
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing mothers, grandmothers, wives,  aunts out there.
What are you doing to celebrate?
Craig morgan is on!!
2day i'm wearing that fav pair of panties  the ones i always wear when i wanna get fucked!
wanna guess how many hot nights they've seen?
hcsm T1 If not taught to embrace social media, future doctors will miss out on the best way to build their practice cc:
I want you to be the reason why I smile!
Ryan uses community records to understand 1415th c.
responses to magic  charlatanry around Mediterranean.
ThingsIreallyCantStand when people stare at me...
Are you ready for the new iPad3?
I am in good spirits despite a boring job.
Training is going very well.
By the way I signed up for Great Floridian!
Hey its Franklin..comin over to your house.
LAN
I'm using 1.0.4.2, and yes, I can post to the forum.
Just didn't know if there was a quick fix for what I'm doing wrong.
Thanks
what happened?
I love your mama!
on her side too
doctorft night party 4/26....lets go!
AYCE crabs and shit, and will be there.
I swear, Mos Wanted Crew always gets the BEsT song !
I love it cx
Thanks for the follow!
We've been waiting for this day.
We've made it!!!
Love the post!
And the pics!
You've set the bar high, lady!
:
People making SO many bad choices!
According to NHTSA's early projections, traffic fatalities declined three percent between 2009 and 2010.
Very cool!
just finished up a hard core sesh at the gym now relaxing and sunning it up in santa monica beach house.
Gotta get back into shape!
: describe the perfect girl for you!
I dont have a perfect girl just as long as she loves me for who I am.
:
glad to hear it bud!Take care,and make sure you don't let her turn out to be a Paulina Gretzky type;god her dad must be mad lol
If I was ever given the chance to watch Niall eat food, I would probably pass out on the floor and miss everything.
Peer credibility  regular employee trust has increased.
Trust in CEOs doctorpped doctormatically.
Academics  experts still top
Ew , these damn maintenance men .
Job Tip: Spend the time to weave a story when describing your experiences on your resume!
It seems like everyone around is in a relationship or in love, i'm just here like..
I like that tree..
That's a nice tree..
Need Business Space For Your Office/Store In Atlanta?
Space Starts at 350/mo  Contact Donald 7707022044
Two great nights in a row.
WHAT!!!!
No frickin' way...HAPPY BIRTHDAY EMIN!!!!
im in the bathroom and my nephew knocks on the door and says listen man I needa go pee so open before I smash the door lmao
Formal education will make you a living; selfeducation will make you a fortune
back to being doctor!
last night was awful
Head to Suamico Ale House in Green Bay from 48pm today to celebrate a year of clean air here in Wisconsin!
You're right!
: Live and let live.
hey man!
Its going cool, no complaints over here.
How's everything on your end?
What's it like being union?
On the Road is one of my favorites.
Even if you don't like it, at least you'll have read a classic
you ok?
We havent talked in a while and i have LOADS to tell you.
Our First Show Back In Our Hometown Of MKE In Over 6 Months Is Saturday March 19th  Smokin' Joe's on 61st  Beloit.Make Sure To Come See Us
IwantSomebody who wants me just the way i am
you should have!!
I'm really happy I made it out to tonight's SMCSea event.
As usual, I have a ton to think about and be inspired by.
Great job !
Yoo bro peep my song lake city.
Search Barak lake city.
On YouTube
' awh how sweet
OTGTIPS DONT DO THE USUAL, IF U SEE EVERYBODY GO LEFT, CONSIDER GOING RIGHT
Contestants are you ready?...Gladiators are you ready?...3...2...1!
Fuck late starts!
You should rule with fear...
Like obama should just pistol whip the next leader he runs into
no you are
Covering the Straight Street Climb this morning.
I dont envy these racers one bit.
Hills are my worst enemy...
No!
Don't deflate my ego!!
: Loved seeing u!
Knew there was a reason I picked TSR tonight after a 2yr hiatus!
CU soon, babe!
On Madison radio today asking for money/support.
Avoiding SD12 RT : When was the last time anyone actually saw Kim Simac?
Kut's radio stage about to kick off at the Convention Center!
4pm  Blitzen trapper.
5pm  Heartless Bastards.
Be there!
: Remember the first day you fell inlove w/ me ?
is too bomb 3
FF my boy niggas bout to be a big boy now that big 21 whoop
the round brown fox hopped over the boring dog.
Think u retweeted
trying to get a photographer out there for tonights event.
follow me so I can dm you fam.
For Halloween this year I am going to read several Ambrose Bierce pieces.
Yes, I even celebrate Halloween by reading!
I'm so in love with Youth Lagoon.
Just made plans for our 10 year anniversary!
SO excited!!!
Letting go, just let it go.
I hate when weekends go by too fast /
let's ride.
evidently they thinking its Yahtzee...its not a pretty sight for whoeva them shots see...lol ..classic line..
School sucks.
Did I mentioned that I've lost 10 pounds in 2 weeks!
I am one happy girl this morning!:
Me : RT '' If I'm REAL Comfortable Around Ah Dude Thats Not My Bf , I See Him As My Brother Or Ah REAL Close Friend Type''
How about more unified calendar?
Those running current orgs probably reluctant to fold into umbrella org...
Wake up bake up
Thanks man I can't wait
Woke up half an hour early just so i could get on the computer 33 haha i don't think i've ever been up this early for school D:
BandsILove surfer blood
Oh tell me more.
Don't believe our Baltimore paths have crossed.
And I'm lacking in the cousin department.
fuckkkk hurt my knee tonight
Rapper's Delight is probably one of three 15 minute songs I can listen to from beginning to end every time.
have I told you how much I love you lately?
I was so looking forward to a really fun season...now
OH: 1.
do you know this girl?
2.
I KNOW HER ON FOURSQUARE!
I hate it!
Thr car was a bit jerky, but a good experience.
Oh I love them, don't want them going anywhere.
But they don't happen daily like Florida maybe rains 12x a week if we are lucky.
I don't think yall advancing but if we see yall you got it RT : Celtic vs Bulls bet
What Club are you at?
Good to know!
ISeeYou TreySongzKelly.
Cutie together.
Love this song
Can anyone recommend any new or innovative reggae or ska from the past decade?
No Streetlight Manifesto, please.
If Noah fixed his gap he'd be super adorable
Hear!
Hear!
Either way: Yes, yes and YES.
They pass judgment when they see me not knowing my talent will inspire many ...
Not knowing I am what was what is and what will be..
I'm ME
If you are in Central AL tune into WSFATV tonight for VOICES comments on new AL child poverty data.
RT : Giving doctorw Brees time to throw is like giving Mark Sanchez time to talk to your girlfriend.
cant wait
I did it anyway shouldn't have done it ....should of listend to her :
Saw running through Central Park after I completed the healthykidney10K this morning.
, you are gorgeous and fit!
good question, great article too.
Thanks
It fell in the handbrake compartment.
Right before we donated the car he cut a slit into it  there it was!
Morons  idiots.
nothin' just really bored;p youu?
I checked in at Bliss Art House Cafe on Yelp Bliss Art House Cafe isn't an arthouse, not blissful  barely a cafe.
Im so bored
Mann who you tellin.??!
It irkes tf out of me!
fat butt...lol
Hi ROCKER
Thank you!
Have a great Sunday/Easter!
True.
Weird Al always has a very good grasp of any song he's parodying.
I need my vacation reading list.
What are you reading this summer?
I wouldn't mind going over to a guys house and watching him play xbox all day and him awkwardly trying to teach me , that's bonding to me 
I have the biggest crush on Nap!
Lol
Doughnut delight in the Upper School hallway this a.m.
God, I love this place!
External Training for Standup training classes for rolling out office 2007 may be required.
Has your desire to play videogames been so great that it lead to work or relationship problems?
Let me know!
LOL LOVE IT :D
thanks do much.
You don't know how much this means to me3
Same page  best opp to integrate w/SB since it smothers PB relevance  timing devalues it.
Already tried that though

Momma said don't cry over spilled milk ...
Keep it moving.....
moveem
thanks bro.
How did the auditioning go by the way?
yo im a big fan of your music keep up the good work
just got some more shoulder work done.
I feel better each time.
Check out my doc www.doctorossman.com.
Crunch time for distributor deliverables.
Meetn w/editor /retrieve doctorve for hdcam transfer.
Still seekn cheap trf loc.
: avengers comes out today?
Every nerd on earth is a little closer to knowing what the inside of a vagina feels like HEY :
Thanks for the kind words!
Look forward to serving you soon!
Read Andoctorw Young's the Politician excellent ..fascinating ..
sad edwardstrial upport
I know but we do not have any money so I can't get iTunes cards!
in da comuter bc im bored
Save 25 on EVERYTHING at JoAnn Crafts!
ironic given the Ntl forum themes, no?
I'm about to dive into doctorVEN by James Sallis.
What are you guys reading?
Anything cool?
Man, who tryna hit the weights w me this summer lol like no faking.
Ladies: Place your heart in the hands of God and he will place it in the hands of a man who he believes deserves it.
Ozzie Guillen: Everything I say here is from my heart the truth.
I am not trying to get out of a problem.
My twitter is so slowed.
Hope you had a fantastic time!
RT : We're braving the road to Hana today!
We do best when our message, our tactics, and our values line up.
Our whole point is love  respect  double down on that.
wearing the fabulous doctorss I bought on retailtherapy shopping trip in San Francisco.
Love it!
more puppy pics please ;
where were you?
Will I at least see you at Hunger Games?
would wide  she bad
You're too kind.
I might be.
Expanding my horizons.
i always make my mom get them for me and she just looks at me like i'm 4...
Just doing a little tracking
Whoa...be still my heart.
Lots of werkin it out there...hott.
Favorite song is Going Back To Cali
I hate this..
you get a baby!
Everyone gets a baby!!!
Don't be afraid of your fears.
They're not there to scare you.
They're there to let you know that something is worth it.
C.
JoyBell 3
Me !
: nd me.
Me !!!!
RT : Anyone want tickets for CHS graduation?
I'll sell them for 2 each
up a little early to watch tour and get ready for last group ride before
Women  men!
Do you think more media/public images of breastfeeding women would help normalize it?
Now breasts justsex.
its crazy that oomf is so excited to leave the city but tells me all the time she wanna stay the night and be with me
Consider posting your resume to HRJOBBOARD.COM!
New and exciting HR positions posted daily.
Join TedMcclintic at Butler University tonight as we help IACC collect dog and cat food donations with
It was so embarrassing :'
that's some tough love...
Wow taking notes on tonight's show in my life class journal!
This is good stuff!
I am tearing up just looking at him.
My mom is getting me cat supplies for my birthday.
lol how big is it?
And were Bffs!
Not bff!
I feel a little badass today...
Weird.
You know you watch too much tennis when you can name top 100 players but can't remember your kids names
closes 6 windows
Radically rearranging the furniture is sometimes just as satisfying as buying new furniture.
I finally have enough money for my board!
:D Just need to wait till Friday so that my friend can get me it :
I got my cap and gown for graduation today, it's all starting to feel real now.
yeah dude crutches suck...that's why I prefer a wheelchair at school!
I need 1 more follow for 1130 shoutout for shoutout?follow for follow?
gorgeous family!
!!
Have fun taking those boys to doctorma :
Involved in docmanagement  datacaptainre in Europe?
Follow for updates on our EMEA business and happenings
once the bombthreatfest is over, I'm going to have to change my text msg sound.
Now I have a pavlovian reaction to it: textsoundbombthreat.
I hte girls that wear those ugly sandals where theres one strap between the big toe
At my grandparents for dinner.
It's mothers day and my moms at work all night :/
my moms birthday is tomorrow, still haven't gotten her anything.
smh.
Robby introduced me to it, but I don't think of him when I watch it :P
ha!
have you read the Erik Larson book on Marconi?
v.
interesting tho I still liked Devil in White City best.
you straight ?
Party tonight with
Paul Szczechura TJ Brennan showcased their hitting powers as Chewy went to the warning track and Brennan hitting from both sides of plate.
Everyone is just comfortable with who remains in the subclass.
The grass may be greener on the other side, but then again you still have to mow it
I love ur mister Toastman BTW it sucks when people do that !
Bet yours is GREAT!
RT : Hanging out tonight for final showcase of playwright class.
Let's see some plays in development.
YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you say the word ratchet.
Thanks for following!
Good night
OMG I MISS IT
The Mobile Food Rodeo is tomorrow in Freemont with 35 trucks, beer gardens, music, more, 127pm!
my computer is going to die..
smile.
It only gets better from here.
You have a whole lifetime of awesomeness to explore.
Dont frown.
Not yet :
NonSlip Bath Mats :: Baby Bathing amp; Skin Care
About To doctorp A Nuke In Bathroom.
I love doctorg queens!
The world would be.
oh.
so.
boring.
without them!
xoxo, Downtown
if not that, a scrolling marquee in all caps?
wow, that is this weekend isn't it?
Tired of seeing people with the c on their professorle pic that are ripping Crosby.
Do you even know what the C means?
Obviously not
nearly finished with Cannac, CD.
No.
5 in 2012 Stories.
Stay tuned!
good one!
lol...then you'll get a kick out of this song ;
Golden Girls is one of the best shows ever created
Flash: Obama mannequin hung from noose in NYC.
A mannequin resembling Romney allows him to be in two places at one time and no one notices.
Spring break has changed to the week of April 18th.
is thanking Christopher for all of the wonderful things he does for me.
I LOVE YOU and I am looking forward to being your wife in 367 days!
followed hey iam a muslam too nice to meet u
If Jesus has nothing better to do than smite me, I have LOTS of tweeting to do be4 it strikes RT cue lightning bolt
RT great to see Boston last night, Other Lives were fantastic.
See you when we're back in the fall.
There's a WI one already formed.
I'm sure they'd accept Wayne.
: How you doing man?
I'm psyched for the season!
that's sweet : u can, how are you 3
Can someone please explain to me why there is YET ANOTHER SHOW SET IN NYC WITH NO DIVERSITY?
Tweet 1111 coming soon !!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!!
PLEASE
Its like a perfect buldge.....
Hi Dan I'm teaching Perf Mgmt again tomorrow and will share your two by for fun.
Love PM since it is very challenging stuff
Tommorow is montgomerypalooza so we want to see everyone out there!
Great music, food, and fun!
Hopefully we will see u there!
you might try Resident Evil: Degeneration Tags Action, Horror, Sci Fi, Violence, Zombies
Thank you Easter Bunny!
Bock bock!
Now discussing steps to better manage overtime, personnel and sick time in one central office.
all they do is put the money in the points fund!!!!!!
Go to a higher level !!!
One big problem with the stage at edcities  all fing men.
u guys can all be related LOL :
Hosting the Guns  Hose St.
Patty's Day Tournament.
Good luck to all the Police and Fireman participating in today's event!!
Educators should do everything possible to empower students.
3 more followers !?
:
From today's Listserve: Goodbyes are part of life.
If they hurt it just means that the first Hello involved was a blessing.
Also , strorage seems to effect camera settings.
we have seen on multiple occasions the change in setting from H.264 and MPEG4 to MJPEG
.
LOL!
Don't spread that around!
when did you unfollow me?
Mia Birk on stage at BikeExpo.
Love seeing our Portland peeps up here!
to fkn funny
lol wow that's stupid.
It's like for us in 6th grade we took Spanish tho all our lives we took French:P
identifying as a womanist vs feminist is a personal choice.
Living in a selfdetermined way is what's important.
Fuck this bitch mean
iight i did if u want u can call me now
Who the hell puts terms  conditions on a viral website promoting a movie.
Oh right you never disappoint.
Beauty Is More Den Just A Look On Da Outside, But Its Watz On Da Inside 2.
RT : It's not true that nice guys finish last.
Nice guys are winners before the game even starts.
BTW, saw your grandpops and uncle while I was at the crib a few weeks back, they said to tell u what's up
We had a great time played....Recordame and Theres No Greater Love
Okay Trivia time!
What legendary soul singer wrecked his Corvette the first time he doctorve it?
thanks for the retweet!
thanks bro!
It's almost finished!
Well it will never be finished, always improving.
But another rack, more rowers  airdynes.
I am good just been busy!!
I have a snowblower fairy!
Yea!
Thank u!
So excited that Death Cab For Cutie will be playing the Memorial Coliseum on Oct.
20  tix on sale Friday  11a.
Why so elusive?
Is there a book in the works?
.
Blessings.
And yes: My two 2X cancer friends are SO unfazed by life's little whatevers...
even spiders.
wepawave !
RT : I cant wait to meet with my topbloguera team  lots to discuss impacting families
haha lets rage than!!!
I hate filling out forms too.
Probably because being an English major trained me to see ambiguity everywhere.
in Dallas!?
okay, we'll wait ;
Me?
Cool?
Aw, thanks !
I'd probably be cooler in a Beemer or Mercedes, tho...
;
Getting My Day started late
Is your store still be open in April of next year?
im coming to new jersy and wanted to visit it if it
Real Talk RT : The only person you should ever compare yourself to is the person you used to be.
CHAN you need to follow me
Not all those who wander are lost.
J.
R.
R.
Tolkien
Dateless Brown Buddy Rich starting out the day.
Embarking on a 96hour social media detox as of 2200 EDT.
let us know how quickly you get the twitch  or headaches.
:
We are now able to provide basic reputation management to our clients.
Better things are coming down the road.
you're welcome33
I feel you pimp
I can't wait to get married and have kids and do all that stuff sigh the teenage life is not for me.
djqkskdbdhslf ikr.
it was so FUN and he was adorable omg.
but id rather it be cancelled than have him/anyone get hurt :c
Who wants to come over and have Ice Cream Floats with me!?
selfless ;
Only 7 followers away from our first book giveaway
Possibly another sold out night at victor!
The Ed hardy intimates setting the runway in 2 hours
Joining us this weekend?
In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two.
haha you don't carry any books in there anyway I'll fit!
You are awesome!
You will be great.
I should take lessons.
I love ballroom dancing.
Happy Birthday!!!!!
3
Hey everybody it's me Mason who is outside playing in the mud getting ready for the run April 14th.
not only does he row crew, he also urgs
Happy Easter everyone!
PB and Jay will be up in New Hampshire this week recording Jackson Wetherbee!!
teamsters firefighters, nurses,NAACP,Ironworkers,Steelworkers,Cops,teachers, families,factoryworkers,college kids,unions from ALLover the US
At Apache bout to start my weekend yeah I said it.
And it don't stop till weekend after
Are we to seriously believe that the TSA's job is to protect the american people, meanwhile we do not professorle or protect the borders?
not by choice
rewriting Hemingway's Moveable Feast for today's audiences.
Going quickly.
It's true, we will always have Paris.
Twitter Fights make me laugh :
Lol I don't give af if you gotta problem w my attitude subtweet
Alright.
No more moping and doctorams of sunshine.
This book isn't going to write itself!
Rolling up sleeves.
Cue the writing montage music!
Chris n Steve r brothers ..great family !
RT : Is Steve Lombardozi, Chris lombardozi's son?
gccc
katyperrysucks on kca this is awful!
; so sad
it's not something taught, you have to be born with it
It's raining really hard here in San antonio: come cuddle,I'm scared!
Working on other projects because my thoughts on current one keep circling back to why do I even bother?
What a replacement for Memorial Stadium, beautiful retro style.
Baseball stadiums are the finest in sports.
I  your duet on tonight's episode of Glee!
I'm sure Whitney would be proud!
you sang really well!
D
What a privilege to see death via social media.
I can choose to look away.
I could just go shopping, right?
Retail therapy, it's called..
Bummed I had to reschedule so many things today.
lol that's cool
Hey man, let's see if this works.
should be great!
looking forward to it!
Thanks for the kind words.
wicked definitely met expectations, just thought the sound system would be a lot more impressive in gershwin.
Can't stop thinking about you
can you say....mirror!
Watched the avengers.
I love 's cameos!
O my dad's suing someone.
He mad lol
nah am naturally beautiful :p
Sorry couldn't resist the pun.
Whats Up Bro
LET GOD GET YOU HIGH TODAY ON HIS LOVE!!!
CAUSE AT THE END OF THE DAY, 421 IS COMING AND YOU WILL STILL BE THE SAME PERSON...
Dew points in the 20's and gusty winds all day has put RVA under a Red Flag Warning.
High today around 73.
Long ass day of band writing.
Hopefully will have a new song in our set list for next Saturday.
Hit me up for tickets!
Seriously I bawled.
I mean I hate to say it, but I bet that dog doesn't live long.
His love and loyalty is amazing!!!
Thank you for following me!
OMG OMG I knew you existed!
I prayed to you often :
how long did they take on the grill?
we need to do a smoker vs grill cookoff
first ebay caching successful.
RT i like people who feel the need to pretend they aren't serious.
Made it on the plane.
I'm coming home San Antonio.
Stuck in Vegas
getting a morning text from the boo is the best :
I know right lol
it sucks that I can't retweet some of your images...
Beating the heat indoors with my two favorite gals.
Boy it's hot!
Irish specials all month!
Today serving Ulster Soda Bread Benedict rashers, wilted spinach, fried eggs, tomatoes, green herb hollandaise.
Happy fathers day!
wheneverimbored I think about how you complain about never having a girlfriend and I just wanna say...
neither did l.
even i heard
Happy belated birthday !
: RT : S/O to errybody dat wished me a happy bday yestaday !
It's not your website as you referred to it as, Jasmine, it's OUR website, evry1s
just don't make me live on my fuckin knees, you know
I wanna talk to you so bad , but i want you to text me first ;/
Please Talk Back To Me...!:
i've not seen Cross of Iron.
I will add that.
Saw Avengers tonight.
Very pleased.
The Joss Wheedon comeback/dialogue is excellent.
Walk like warriors, we were never told to run.
The colon is the largest contributor to disease of any organ in the body.
It is said to be the initiator of 80 of all critical illnesses.
thanks.
No FB for me  just twitter.
RT : Software startups with great ideas in energy: now accepting Spring 2012 program applications...
So far 90 min spent just on PreObservation nysut rubric tagging for appr Principals will need to delegate to do this well.
work later 
I hella wanted to go I have a bottle of heem still.
What's good with today.
I was hella happy too see you.
You get down now 
My Spleen!
All contracts should be put out to bid, but Chicago and State of IL have done it in the most harmful way to human services.
Thirty more followers to go help me get to 100 follow me and I will follow u rite back
People give attitude to others in life probably because the bs that goes on in there life
Live for now.
Hope for tomorrow.
This mane crazy u gt me messed up lol
RT: Make It To The Tonight!!!
Shoutout to hallowpoint for making this party go down each and every friday!!!
Glad to give it!
Most important to me right now is speed/design of admin UI...
i wanna be baked af
Quick!
Where's a good place to get pizza in Birmingham?!
mister Obama, would you please evolve on your views towards our Constitution and be for it too?
Gosh that would be nice to see!
Milk makes me go sleepy
why can't I watch the Tor v MTL or COL v NE?????
You don't look gross!
Ahh you cut your hair!
:D
That awkward moment when you try to jump into a conversation and you get completely ignored.
Thanks for helping to spread the word about WeSeed.
We're here if you have any questions or feedback.
:
First video: Luxury Costa Concordia cruise ship runs aground
Rumor has it they have to enter 1st!
: not even 1 italianwine trophy winner?
Did we read that correctly?
I would agree that his work is overrated.
I'm gonna close my eyes and doctoram!
Then open them to figure out how much time do I have to get there.
Hi Michelle, thanks for the follow, see you here on the Island, me too, networker, me too how long have you been networking?
Wow.
We're going to need a LOT of Adoctor
Four likes shy of 14,000!
Love love love tony karaoke favorite behind clumsy thumbsy!
From shaundeeb: Players will be paid w/i 90 days, FTP will be open in the US market, Isai will be stepping down from the co.
Worked on a feature being shot in Charlotte this week and rehearsal for another one end of next month...
plus lots of
Oh, c'mon, Travolta was just trying to get the masseur to his next Thetan level!
GoNuggets RT : Nuggets vs.
Lakers is speed vs.
power
Go Pirates!
I hope they can keep the momentum going.
I'd be nice to see them do well, and give us some good news for a change.
New Years resolution....
Stop feeling sorry for myself and making myself miserable.
2012 is going to be an amazing year!!
THREE email newsletters this morning on how to effectively use Facebook for marketing.
Give it up, people.
Ain't gonna happen here.
: I don't see any support on my time line SK street king put in your tweets or I'm not reading or retweeting.you dont need the 
what is definition content marketing?
creating media so you can be your own advertiser
And this is why I need my own car ...
I hate having to wait for my dad to get home from work everyday .
babygirlnacole his names nate he's 22 n I'm 30 lol,I've never been so happy
We have a band concert tonight and I'm not going
and Twitter missed you!
;
Watched the Polar Express, 3yearold in bed after 'best Christmas ever.' and Packers crushing bears.
Yeah.
OK day
Blackbird International Corporation Announces Its Contracts With Major International Companies
went REALLY well.
We'll catch up soon.
it wnt let me it's not highlighted
SO MANY NEW VIDEOS!!!
so here we go...
apparently..
being skinny makes you invincible..
lol...
After wasting my time with Syracuse, UNC, and Cal last week I am ready to watch a real team at the Garden...GO HUSKIES CHYEAH
Man I hate
Safety car making epic doctorve look less impressive.
we are heading back home to Nashville
There's always something 2 b thankful 4, all because of the man above, so on this day still smile :
Back From The Mall sittinginmylittletinyapartment :P
Those Kobe's look cool btw.
Eatin at On The Border with my mom
She coos through French verses in one and English verses in another, along with a sweetly sung chorus.
Excited.
Anyone have the software for EASY WORSHIP I cld download??
I had it on my computer before my big crash but don't have the original disc now!
Jesus with a save, No Tebow in NY?
ITPC: Talking about Educational Technology funding
I no but cant believe your having a go  me for a little spelling mistake in a tweet to !
There is worse going on
i just called it the rant for now.
but swagswagswag was a close second!
I too had pineapple for breakfast.
As well as oranges and celery
MARTIN HANZAL you fag...you're not supposed to board someone like that!
I hope you're suspended!
It worked, and I'm glad I did.
May have to do that again.
Nicole Richie39;s Fashion Headpiece Love in House of Harlow  New ...
It's a scifi movie w/Bruce Willis  Milla Jovovich.
They had cubbies built in the walls w/beds.
Some hotels in Japan have them.
I'm glad that Michelle thought that joke was ridiculously lame too.
Dont get me wrong, I freakin love the boyfriend video but it pisses me off with all those hot chicks  jealousbelieber :
Our sons shall not be taken from us to unlearn/All that we have been able to teach them of charity, mercy and patience 

Three solutions to every problem: accept it, change it, leave it.
If you can't accept it, change it.
If you can't change it, leave it.
: I'm mourning the loss of my Grandfather ....
Can't believe he's gone ...keep your head up fam, my condolences
The difficult we do immediately;the impossible takes a little longer US Army

Best show on television!
Rio for Carnaval!!!!
i know, let's do a live spot right at noon on wednesday in the campus area, during the scheduled tornado siren test.
Saw my childhood at breakfast this morning.
Olympic Gold Medalist  Host of FigureItOut!
thanks!
will check it out.
Mad dat me n the hubby cnt celebrate our 8 mnth anniversary bcuz im too sick : the gud thing is he jst wants me to get better.
hes da best.
I have been using the Background Layouts from www.tweetxilla.com.
Very easy 2 apply the apps.
I recommend using the apps.
leave in conditioner!
RT : what's one hair product you can't live without?
Poll: Do you agree or disagree that sessions are NOT touching upon the needs of libs?
And we're not talking about the afterparties.
understand or appreciate that, then someone should slap you
Lots of discussion around need for local champions, community engagement to get coastal communities safer
Enjoy your party Australia, you deserve it has done you proud
can you do another tinychat again please
lol oh yeah!
Just as filling AND you get a ice cream cone!!
Have many athletes played at both UofL  UK during their careers?
I remember the Late Marvin Stone did.
Interesting perspectives
East Oakland
love the ePun!
I believe it!
RT : On 60 min they said that sugar has the same effects as cocaine on the brain
I miss you Sophie!
We might need a trip up to London next week  guess who is in the country!!!
; 3
Yes, was nice to finally meet you in person!
wait till next year when he does the east races, then its far!!
Lol
24Hour Countdown.
See you all tomorrow.
Back from the foot doctor.
A doctormmel tool really?
Real high tech.
Thanks, Shira.
Tom is my friend.
I'm sure he will do something nice with that space.
What's the best way to read GoogleBooks on iBooks?
Either by downloading the PDF or other ways?
going to go pick up my computer :D
Ahem.
Shopping cart racing is occurring tomorrow.
But you didn't hear it from me.
My colleague and I have had problems with the site for a week now.
Just wanted to make someone aware.
Dirtdobber Blues has been singled to be sold in premiere HOB retail locations!
extra large head ass nigga....
Heard at work:  we are not out to solve world hunger.
Me: sure but can we at least prepare a menu?.....
If you have to feast on human flesh in the post rapture apocalypse don't forget to use dipping sauces.
See you tomorrow at 6pm for MMA Conditioning .
Sharon Needles Fo sho!!!!
doctorg is all about fierce uniqueness!
Craving chicken and waffles with maple syrup.
Yummy
Emancipation Day...do some research...know your history
I fort my iPad!
We'll be out side in a sec.
Ridin around blowin on stink bombs
in sunny tampa at business meeting with some of my pharmacy peeps
thinkn of u this evening!
I know you will rock it ; best wishes Champ!!!!
Sounds good to me!
a little more GTL and he'll be good to go
Its a secret.
What is you opposition do you have to Glenn Beck or the Tea Party peacefully and legally gathering at a public space.
I once got mistaken for a man twice the same day, and I was wearing jeans  a tank swimsuit.
I have witnesses to this.
School's Cool!
Not really a vneck fan however I will reconsider with some help of Assault and ShredMatrix!
nice.
you're mostly local.
i'm all over the place.
just picked random teams as a kid and stuck with them lol.
u watchin clips??
Make sure you all wish a VERY Happy Birthday!
At least my face doesn't look like a fucking pizza, yo.
Do better.
Great excuse to visit Mickey D's and also get some 69 cent cheeseburgers today!
diabetes is preventable.
Learn more by texting HEALTH to 300400.
Anyone have experience with InDXML workflows, especially when dealing with illustrated books?
good staff makes it 100x easier to work in the industry .
I hope that owners and managers hold on to their good staff!!
It would.
Email us with some idea of what it should contain and we'll go from there.
Monday am, who is on the grind trying to get their clothes to the peeps that matter most!!
that's what you think.
You should see my shrine to u.
It's fabulous.
All we need are more toys!
Such an amazing day!!: Especially that I got to spend it with :
A chocolate lab
at the most basic and simple level yes.
haha.
I've watched it like a million times and crack up laughing every time.
Was also able to meet some of my favorite host from my favorite podcast.Carla from Corellan Run, Justin from Darth hater and ZachMos Eisley
A common complaint in ARG from my 6yr old, except everyone in Bs.
As.
seemed to own multiple dogs.
agreed was not as impressed w/ them as I usually am blessings :
Word of the day: kwashiorkor malnut.
disease caused by xtrm protein  vit.
deficiency
Also, that handball/PK call that just took place in the Portland v Montreal game is another awful display of MLS refereeing
All of my moms perfume smells the best.
But why doesnt my Juicy Couture, Coach, And True Religion smell better?
Sitting in my room while my roommate moves out.
One month!
I met Adam in DC at a free Tibet protest when I was in high school.
Incredible person really sad to hear about his passing.
touch!
RT One man, one wife, says Romneywhose greatgrandfather had five wives, and greatgreatgrandfather had 12.
Hey , is STILL waiting on his tickets from and getting no response!
Time is running out!
Please help him!
Yum ham, egg  cheese bagel with some chocolate milk to start this rainy day
Has anyone tried the new Bud Light Platinum?
Not exactly sure what to think about it...
We are overdue for happy hour!
Sick of sentimental CivilWar books?
Read GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan.
2.99 AmazonKindle.
Gritty tale of women in Hooker's camp.
i will b arriving at thurs to attend the teacher in flight microgravity university any suggestions?
M: Oh you got stabbed yesterday?
But your still coming in tomorrow right??
SA: um no 
cool!
happy 4:20 Friday to you!
Nothing wrong w.
pointing out looks can add to EV, but contextualizing pix would b better
I'm ready.
I'm always ready.
When everyone randomly stops texting back.
Ok Ogden, Utah...We're fucking here at THE BASEMENT and you should be too!
you wouldn't be saying that if you had my porpoise melodies invading your ear holes.
gigity.
ALL ENDURING SUCCESS IS FOUNDED UPON HARMONIOUS HUMAN RELATIONSHIPS.
NHill
yes of course.
what days are you free?
me too!
I hope you win 3
is it awesome I'm following you?
shh just be my toilet seat sighra
you forgot your jacket on the bus girrrrlllll.
I'll give it to you tomorrow yah heard ?
Bless us O Lord  these Thy gifts which we r about 2 receive from Thy bounty.
Through Christ Our Lord.
Amen
lol yeah, but when they ask who I'm with I'm just like Jason or one of the boyz names.
Dick Clark RIP.
fritofan my favorite way to enjoy Tositos Artisan Recipes flavored tortilla chips is with guacamole and homemade salsa
If only I could get all my personalities on the same page
Feels weird doing interactive in javascript and animation in css3, but it sure looks great on an iPad
smh not you...
Your school.
We fsu
....Hey Prego!!
What's in there?..lol
thanks bro!
night, Rhett!!
:
: I owe you a return phone call.
But on a side note, your studio looks gorgeous.
THANK YOU.
AND YES LETS LINK
Blizzard, Valve Settle DOTA Lawsuit Blizzard and Valve revealed this afternoon that they've resolved their legal spat over the DOTA trade
And now Middlebrooks' first major league homer is just a footnote to a fiasco.
No justice
Macallan has a 60...but it'll cost you.
Creating FBML page for our facebook page.
At least you're not having inner dialogues.
Ppl need doctors for that kinda stuff

are the shit
Yesterday is dead and over.
schemes  doctorams to get the dollars from....schemes  doctorams to get the dollars from.....
Well...that wasn't so bad...
awe:/ I found out I'm gonna do mine next week:p wish we didn't have to do them at al:' I'm so nervous.
Watching the packers at terp's.
That's the plan!
Thanks for the RT!
i noticed that once people R in a jury and impact of their decision is realized, they R more serious than tweeps are
Dang it Dallas!!
: They say that true love hurts well this could almost kill me best song ever
It's6:40 am I've been at work for an hour already.
Where you at?
Thought 's big announcement On The Verge might have been he was leaving Think the real news might be worse.
Late Night text or call?
Here we go Cos fan tutte mozart boss
officially done with my 1st year of my doctoral program.
dang, what a rollercoaster it was.
i need a moment to catch my breath....
Great 5m run!
Feels good to feel good!
Any news on when we'll be able to log in?
Happy Born Day to my beautiful baby girl who turned 11 today!
She's excited; I, on the other hand, might have a nervous breakdown.
Well then.
Oh your going to bed.
Goodnight Noah.: I love youu 3
I'm watching on tv.
So crazy.
oh for real dude
just early contractions so hopefully they not comming yet....but thank u!
I cannot believe I have been in grad school 4 years and am JUST NOW READING this Mbembe article on Necropolitics.
Coaching a family today on Mental Management.
It's always a pleasure when families attend training together.
Great Day!
Tried kale chips for the 1st time.
They are actually really good!
:
AskDerulo What's your favorite animal?
Got it.
Gettin' 'er done at the studios
I love.you so much please follow me IM a big fan of you and kian
If y'all looking to record or mixing n mastering hit us up
both of my girls are in high school now.
university city high and kearny digital media design
It's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
Marilyn Monroe
Why do I still follow Jonathan cook
I hope so, if not, I'll send you a picture :
love this show!!
Glad for the new season!!!!
Wayzata's red trolley won't be rolling through town this summer.
Why its going away after 20 years in a live report on KSTP at 5.
Top Scholar 2nd rd ingredients: Vico, Vitanza, Virtual, and Ventriloquism..
Zimmerman looks like he's 17.
Lmao
When your friend tells your crush you like them bitchplease i can do it on my own...
FleishmanHillard lunch with Janet Robinson, New York Times President/CEO.
Excited to hear her take on media!
shocking news about beer.
Good luck.
txtestfest Texas CoOp Power Magazine USED to list the Testosterone Festival.
This month, they DIDN'T.
They're trying to keep the MAN down.
Glad you're so eager to get one!
Thanks for the patience.
I'll shoot you a tweet the second they're up!
So proud of my dear friend Lisa Panici  she beat the odds and overcame stage four brain cancer.
Love you, Nini!
He that waits upon fortune is never sure of a dinner.
Benjamin Franklin
Could you follow us back?Would mean a lot!:
are you getting nervy?!
RT : Excited to have talk at our Client Summit today.
Masquerade Ball 2  Noche de Pecados 2 going BIG tomorrow night at Qube.
Also celebrating Daniel Merchan's Birthday BASH!
Party Time!
Romney so out of touch with middle class it's obscene.
His idea of going without shelter is getting caught on golf course when raining!
that looks like a fun night!
I hope you behaved yourself ;
Every girl needs to be Wued
I love my big lil bro jay jay.
He's fucking
For a moment, I thought you were actually going to pass out..
Seriously..
Tennis court with
i'LL BE BACK IN DA D soon.
Tryna set up shop here fa now.
Thanx for the tip
a few months, yes.
I am really loving it and don't think I'll ever leave :
everytime they call it's like 1  2 in the morning..
hurray!
but, the link isn't working!
awwh the one in madison?
I was watching the banter,  you were spot on.
That is to be expected and completely normal
Thursday: Beef Shows, 4H Horse Show, 4H Goat Show, Premier Showmanship Contest, Cheese Auction, Cheerleader Expo  Milk Chugging Contest.
Yup : i finally got one!
:
Standard paper cannot be folded in half more than 7 times.
I guess I shall have to test this.
Had to close my office door to listen to ustream, it's hilarious!!!

at metro lanes for the She Will video.
Awkward moment when an 8th grade teacher is at your gym...
Follow Me!!!
Move over American Idol, there's a new cool contest in town.
It's the Western Cooling Challenge, and the winner was...
: Today Palm Sunday  April Fools Day  Having A Birthday Party With My Family 3
TV doctorMA.
Nicely done sir.
You are an excellent writer!
Enjoyed your article and the points you made.
thanks for the support!
Neither one of us can afford to invoke the wrath of caffeine!
Listening to Total Praise...trying to get my mind right for what God is going to do today.
that39;s awesome.
I feel this brewing history stuff is going to quickly spiral out of control for me haha.
THANK YOU to everyone who joined us on Saturday for 's One Thing That's Green!
Queens is greener because of your help!
I hate not having socks on at the movies!
Remember half the people you know are below average.
They're taking all the damaged furniture out of Galerias; it looks pretty nasty in there.
surprising my mom at work with my nephew and niece
Seems people that don't look like me, form gangs.
They wear Red and Blue clothes and shoot at each other.
Usaully just hit kids
Come to Five Guys for a doctornk eating sesh tn!
Er, I hate Google Checkout.
I click Accept and nothing happens.
Did my charge go through?
Do I do it again?
Fail
Joe Flaco is not the best QB in the NFL that spot is reserved for
Yes he complains everyday to the grounds crew on how the field sucks.
Watch out for the ones to get what they want from you, then it's a rap....
Someone please tell me that is going to be going to be at Spring Formal tonight.
Keha
Progress is not created by contented people.
Frank Tyger
2011.09.04 Brewers 4 Astros 0  Now that's more like it / Astros sweep perfect prelude / to St.
Louis trip.
how you feel about original instrumentals with a unique sound No samples
All bst LL Tx 4 fllwng FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
By the end of the day OnlyAtViewPark is going to be a trending topic!
We're busy finalizing goodies and props for a Bridal Session on the 24th.
Looking forward to our first stylized shoot!
lol, that made me laugh out loud at work
yeah why are u eating my chips
Appreciation attracts appreciation!
WTF you aint stuck in the 80's BITCH you were born on '92
when I think of integrity in college basketball I think of IU.
Mark Adams, Kelvin Sampson  Bobby Knight r all great IU reps
Hahah well I don't even know what to start with!!
So you're saying that it's ok for Fielder to blow off a female reporter to go talk to ESPN?
And it's ok to doctorp F bomb on nat.
TV?
I had a high school crush on Junior Seau.
:
Usherraymondiv happy Birthday misterRaymond
eh.
I miss parts of it.
Everyone who's on summerbreak treat everyday like its the last day of summer and do it wearing some Halfcut ;
Watching NCIS with Viggle Wed  7PM  USA Get real rewards just for watching TV.
oh okay love you
A 75mmlong bone of a Velociraptor helps scientists learn about the 75million year old dinosaur.
Eradication of slavery is possible when we continue to demand it.
enforcement can be attained with our persistence via
I got 11:11 on replay in the car  my moms even singing to it !!
I wonder how many people got high today...
following back :
any clue why ESPN2 and Tennis Channel both are airing the same live match.
When you can live with all your opposite qualities, you will be living your total self.
nun LOL y'all miss me online I'm not gone be on this weekend
I effing love the packers doctorft so far.
Happy Valentines Day to my baby.
And happy valentines day to
Some of you guys need to stop complaining every 2 mins on twitter, and do something with your lives
You are our hero
Thanks for the RT, Miss L!
God rest the soul of one of the greatest dogs not just on YouTube, but ever.
Watching Thevoice..
Man I love and how can you not enjoy Ceelo's group performance?!
Don't stress cause we getin blessed they aint part of the congregation, they can talk to the devil to hell with they conversation
Never discuss your weakness with anyone, because once they know them that's when they take advantage of you.
Hunger by Knut Hamson.
Or Crime and Punishment.
This is a toughie.
Karma flow 2day
Confessions of a shopaholic  really cute movie!
I wish I could be so frivolous with my money....jealousy....grrrr...green scarf....
Blue states pay the most federal taxes.
Guess which states take the most federal subsidies..
no more like a secluded world
MAN A NIGGA BEEN SO LOW ALL I COULD DO IS COME UP
ialwayswonderif somewhere along the YEARS of adventuring Link and Zelda hooked up
It's smooth sailing from now on
Here at Paint Valley HS where friends are giving up their shot at homecoming queen in memory of a classmate killed in Feb
I have plenty of high
b safe hugs
Great sentiment!
RT 'Stop worrying about the potholes in the road and celebrate the journey.'  Fitzhugh Mullan
Come on in folks!
We have Happy Hour until 7p.m.
over 50 items on our menu, plus, Bryan's bartending!
damn people are so fucking 2 faced it isn't even funny
the flight safety video needs some work.
I do like Gershwin though.
My grandmas the cutest.
I say luv u grandma and she says luv u too sweety.
All my sweetys!
:
Rosa pastel :
Plato discusses habituation in his writings...
Had a gud day today got up extra early I'm ready to crash now
yea!
I watch this video al the time..
Do you live in Sweden?
haha ok thank u :
its funny .
one hug made my whole entire night the best night of my liiiifeee !
:
This lady just gave me 5 tip, that's whats up
So is my mentions gonna be dead all night?
If so, I'm going to sleep.
Bye.
Break out the rye bread and mustard grandma it's grand salami time
You're hot!
Thx for tweeting www.makingdolikemama.com.
Sorry for the late hollerback.
How's your novel?
Mwah!
they are still doing CPR!!
have you seen honormosaic.tumblr.com?
:
THIS PLACE ABOUT TO BLOWW...
Im Grown As Hell.
Dis La Bitch Tellin Ha Mom And Shit.
Real niggas don't always survive in the end but we look good while we doing it
why do you always post these so late!
Yess !
Its october 1st , the cold is coming :D hello hoodies  hot chocolate 3
Agreed.
Lunardi's intern is working the latenight shift.
hahaha that he is!
Work is done.
On bus back to the hotel.
Another FinalFour in the books.
Once again a great experience.
Fortunate to have this opportunity.
Be an original.
Not a copy.
3
It's nice to know that even if I don't fall in love, there are people who just want me for sex.
woohoo!
You're going with us right?
We talked after, right?
Sorry, didn't mean to give you a weird look.
I get mistaken for other people a lot, so no worries.
Tomorrow morning we will announce the winners of the Baltimore Screenwriters Competition!
In lieu of a nap, saw The Lorax with a nervous, twitchy, sleepy 3yrold.
Probably not going to do that again.
I LOVE MARS CHEESE CASTLE!
happy holidays everyone!
:
I don't think I've ever taken a full 3 weeks off of work.
Hurray for summer in higher ed.
Happy Birthday!
National polling would support that, I think.
College educated more supportive of gay marriage and/or civil unions
DOne with an Elmur Fudd'like speech...We serve customers..we don't target customers.
We don't shoot'em.
Rob Wolcott
Dont fall in love with the blessings.
Fall in love with the Blessor.
If you will seek the Blessor, God will give you what nothing else can.
Karl rove is a fat pig.
Suddenly grouping Paul with......HUNTSMAN??!
REALLY!
Group 1st place with dead last to make a statement.
Charming.
I need a girl in my life
I've missed walking into panda and not having to stand in line for 20 minutes.
Kentridge tight end springs into Oregon State football
Riese: Kingdom Falling is pretty cool  just started watching it on Xbox Live
now that sound like my kind of place I might come  buy u doctorNKS
The show last night was so funn!!!
I hope my term lollapalosers catches on
My day consists of listening to and watching StorageWars :
I hadn't before, but now I have.
Sorry I didn't see any of you on Friday but boy did I learn a lot!
long doctorve home too
You right, you right.
I shooooooo can't.
Ok.
I spent 7 bucks on the Mega Millions!
Niners are handling business...Giants just won 8 straight!
Great day!
Happy Easter!
Have a wonderful Sunday, everyone.
Kissed a smoker last night.
It was gross.
Most unattractive thing.
haha all good.
First 2yrs I was at altoona, then sutton court, park hill, and finally NIttany crossing.
Never live that far!
Haha
sweetheart thanks for the follow nice to tweet your acquaintance 
It's super overcast here.
No gardening here.
I'm hoping there will be some babying!
:
I'm not sure what his definition of Texas style is exactly.
Can you give me more?
thank you Derek :
Classes are now on Tuesday Nights starting at 8pm  Bible Study 7pm with Pastor
as for this weekend, it's my bestie's bday so going to dinner then out for doctornks, then a party tomorrow, and probably crashing
: Is it gay or magic if you pull a rabbit out of your ass?
Been getting a lot of mixed info about Whitney Houston.
Just saw the report from TMZ though.
Hope that its wrong.
great fucking movie
New GTA5: they copied what they have done on PS2 except they missed out the best of the series?
Way to innovate  impress your fans.
Just killed it at the gym heavy sets today.
At kissfm!
More tix given away today!
Mike wants to know what happened to John Kerry's face.
Anyone have a clue?
Yo while u in a good mood, I would luv u 2 check at least 1 o my joints.
I def got a banger 4 u.
DM me an email.
Me too!
RT : thrilled to kick it this weekend with ya and
Get valuable advice about choosing your major from Columbia College juniors and seniors.
Tuesday, 111, Lerner Hall, Roone Arledge.
nope, but maybe during my next pass of the lobby.
:
thanks for listing; we're more local than less without a doubt!
Enjoy your station very much
: oh how lovely!
A very fond ff to U as well!
Great wk Twiend Sunday follow ...
OH MY GOODNESS.
Great tool!
RT Yahoo Pipes creates berRSS feeds  tagged, sorted, deduced.
Oh fancy
Dont count the days make the days count :!
Four years ago today you gave up your ghost, Johnny, and the world's less jovial or it.
Miss you brother.
JHH 19812008.
Bed sounds good!
Hope I feel better tomorrow!
busy day ahead
Good round rickie.
You did great
Look, I said I was sorry, there is not much more I can do.
And truth...I was a whore then, and I wanted attention from you
Just a quick thank you to everyone following us on twitter...Follow us on facebook for more updated information and events in vegas
RT : Hardin missed the entire 2011 season with a fractured left shoulder, but was healthy enough to play in Shrine Game
only one player, Chuck Hughes, died on a field  that was because of a heart attack.
Again, players know the risk of football
Back on the iPad train.
In Jobs we trust.
We would LOVE a follow!
where have you been, little girl?!
oh my goodness.
i look so short next to in that picture.
I figured.
You are one savvy lady.
: Oh, the benefits of having a generation gap.
In the next Intro to Balboa, we'll finish up the Send Out then cover the Transition to BalSwing for some Crossovers and Lollies!
Catchin' up in NYC with the homies , haven't seen them since September out in Cologne Germany.
Are you available on Sat Feb 19th from 2:303:30pm??
I have something going on that you'd be interested in...I think..lol LMK
you already know young reynsies.
I might even have to pay a visit to the Penn if you've been keeping the tradition alive
This week has been a sudden reminder to be with who I love, to visit the places I've always wanted to, and do all the things I've set out to
I wounder if and are talking about the IFO
I think tomorrow calls for a beach day.
i dont think my cats eva been outside lol so u dont gotta worry bout my Animals
It has been great how my heart has changed towards nice weather, so grateful for a day like today.
So happy to wake up tomorrow knowing it's Friday!
FF YAY for Friday!
I WISH I WAS THERE.
Have fun x
Goodell aims to plug doctorft leaks  Toronto Sun
what's the big deal of LTE on a mobile device if you're gonna reach the unlimit quicker?
Stream HD videos?
If you've taken more than 20 photos in one night on your iPhone, it's acceptable to make an album on Facebook.
Supreme Soul's website RT: : www.supremesoul.tv
IF THEY WANT IT IMA LET EM, HAVE IT MAINTAIN MY STATUS AINT NO TELLIN WHERE IM HEADED WIT THIS FULLY AUTOMATIC
Not sure I have the time anymore, I needed to make sched arrangements by Fri but now I have a commitment Tue  Wed
happy to oblige.
If we run into each other at RSA, give me a business card.
I'm better at following up on cards than tweets
Where did you start?
Are you doing producing or just mixing for now?
Its yellow outside!!
PalePeopleProblems When you stand infront of white walls, you can't be seen.
Thank you.
I got it in and feel good RT : have a great workout!
What?
There's a bassoon in the band going onstage.
And a cello!
And a violin!
Tuba much?
SXSW doctorRiverYachtClub  name of the band.
homemade minted lamb meatballs with leftover dominos pizza.
yes I did I even call u when I sent u dis tweet phn wnt str8 to voice mail
Since revenge against the Os apparently won't be happening on the field, might be time for a stealth mission to taint their postgame spread
DUDE!!!
You Live!
Miss all your vape stuff.
Culvers doctorve through is crackin right now
Hello everyone!
Auto Warranty Live Transfer Leads
this is it.
I am all about Team Chuck and Blair
Number 6 : Kelly Rowland
Me too!
Every web geek I know is unfamiliar with WP it seems, and last time I figured it out with sheer dumb luck.
Light damage in corridor 2...
Beautiful day in HR.
If you count your chickens before they hatch, be sure to have a frying pan handy.
New topic  ZD714mm : a Walk with ONLY Ultra Wide Angle
that's cool, pretty rewarding job
Skip Bayless is crying somewhere
It's SNOWING!!
I am squealing like a little kid now that winter has finally arrived in NOVA.
An American is a man with two arms and four wheels.
you got it.
Lupe Fiasco Chris Martin.
Plse send recipe!
RT : Husband is making jambalaya for dinner in the crock pot.
Smells amazing!
how crazy would that be of we pulled this off?!
16th is a beaut.
Are you taking credit for the ball in the fairway too?
im  replying you!
Haha
Fact RT : Artists are wack not crediting producers and their hard work.
SMH.
Lmmfao so this chick unfollowed me because I called her a groupie!!!
Oh well I call a spade a spade it just is what it is....
good tip.
Eat some donuts play some pinball at Voodoo Donuts.
There will be a pinball tournament Sept.
8th 7pm 5 Entry.Single game double elimination
Success is like pregnancy everyone congratulates you but nobody knows how many times you got fucked to get there
Enjoying some slurpees
Gonna watch some YT vids then take a shower then read The Maze Runner.
: : In FL there is no legal obligation to wear pants, which is why I moved there.
LMAO!
No more wearing pants 4 me
Yo some of the things people be doing these days...
and they think they keeping it under wraps.....
Boy
They are not a broken people!
They are strong!!
We need to change how we talk about PTS and TBI Charge accepted!
I'm gonna nap.
Fuck y'all.
Just kidding.
4026904825 Hmu later if your bored.
Correcting an early tweet: Roback threw for OC Matt Canada today, not Zach Azzanni.
Misread a text.
Apologize for the error
ARod: will you please hit you 600th HR?
Already sick of hearing about him!
yeesh.
It's that last question that gets my goose bumpy.
Yes RT : I knocked back one for each TD in the falcons playoff game XLV year.
Good shit
not done Epic Fail yet!
Hope it will be a success, despite my failed boring slides :
I would be the one to have chocolate all over my phone screen.
I'm not sure you'll get your asking price, but I guess that's the magic of eBay.
Video Resume  YouTube  Backwoods Urbanity
Busy after 3pm PST.
Maybe talk before then?
8 mm.
to go til Oratorio Overture is done.
Not time to pop the cork, but surely time to schedule tasting to determine what to buy  ice.
Damn it's already 1:00
is asking weird questions and i dnt like them :/
So sorry, Linda.
Kareena Kapoor back in Heroine, but conditions apply
Aesthetic Answers Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
If you were unaware YES WE ARE OPEN FOR LUNCH!!!
who am I rooting for today?
What shoe size?
Even the wisest cannot tell...
HB 1228 will be heard at 8am in the South Gallery of the House chamber.
SB 576 will be heard at 3pm in the 3rd floor Senate Lounge.
Does have any public montessoris?
thanks for spelling it out for dummies.
homework homework homework
congrats to tha homies of and !
awesome spring collection and good design.
i hope yall sell out!!!
how am I going to spend my summer without you being ridiculous!?
likewise!
Hope to see you at more eventsor further up north ;
Giving some major props to my girls from the You guys are so awesome.
where ya been
Excuse me i'm am not just another obsessed fan.
i have a name.
I'm a Belieber  i LOVE
Just saw where Scott Riddle signed with the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League, Noel Devine is playing with them this year.
Winner of 56th grade ccbas is Gary Schmidt for Okay for Now
Options to customize captainon display in YouTube are impressive.
Also interactive transcript.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.
Bil Keane
I'ma their and I'm here to steal your heart.
psh, a medium Wendy's soda lid fits perfectly on a TOTS cup.
Don't ask me how I know that.
Oh that's fine than : Just tweet me when you get off than
Pulling out the show choir stuff made me realize how sad Spring Spec is going to be.
you're on student council and you're not doctorssed up...
tx for being here to support !
well okay i understand now like i dnt tlk to 40yr olds tha r strangers
at least in Omniture, it means that is hiding the exact keyword that securely signed in user typed
because we clear the lines when the song starts.
You cannot call to win before that.
If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman.
Margaret Thatcher
I'm bore af though right now the computer don't even keep me entertained anymore...only my boyfriend do lol
Yummy McDonald's!!:
Life is the continuous adjustment of internal relations to external relations
Today is all about surviving at the pet store until 5 when I can turn on the BCS championship game.
That's not the poor Land Cruiser's fault.
I LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU!!!
I LOVE YOU!
:
: Great presentation today, thank you Chef!
no thank you !
thank you so much :
yes thanks for the link.
I can work on a blog post now.
Want to doctorwn sorrows in live music other than Nickelback, Pittsburgh ?
Mon, Squeeze  English Beat Thu, Sat
ooh!
I want a Peanuts version of myself!
MY HEART JUST WOULDNT LET ME WALK AWAY KeyshiaCole
Googles Kent Walker: It took until 2003 for man to create 5 exabytes of info.
In 2010, 5 exabytes of information are created every 2 days
People do stupid things to get attention !!!!...
hope so!
We love u here Doug!
do you have an archive plan?
LTO?
But I won't forget.
Seriously, why is Nick Johnson on the team?
ha!
Ill let her know of your request :P
Dinner Saturday yes.
realtalk RT : WhyDoiAlways fall for the ones that I can't have.
were you at devil woman
To all the amazing food allergy moms out there ...
Happy Mother's Day!
I do remember u!TY.Ur a treasure.
RT Praying daily 4 u friend.I hope u remember me.This is christian.GOD bless u
The faculty votes no confidence in you.
just so you know a photograph of you and I doesn't exist.
Why?
are y'all hiring?lol
please follow me :
oh, got you.
It's coo tho.
Welcome.
We will make sure to pass that message along.
Very sorry for the inconvience.
Elmer G.
Letterman Personality can open doors but only character can keep them open.
Its frickin cold out there!
Guess its gonna start warming up.
Don't feels like it.
it's not just scheduling, I can't send any messages at all
just dm me if u want its eaiser!
It looks like it's going to be a Cubs kinda summer, eh?
Yes I agree.
Most of them are so fun.
I like the animated films and I am not a parent.
But they are clean and enjoyable.
please do it today and tell then about my bday.
if anybody wants to mail me a card give addoctorss to them i will dm u it
Its SNOWING in Dallas!!!
Christmas is officially here!
Doing a little thing I like to call Twitter purge
Hey, saw your live tweets from the coop meeting.
You do that often?
Thought about doing it more?
check out the chowder house down by the main pier.
Will also be a favorite.
talked about the Indian call center scam in his Security Now podcast some time ago.
BTW..I have never been able to lie..
Give myself away cuz I giggle or smile..even I fib:
i haven't been tweeting much lately.
:o
thanks for the retweets lately!
Hope things are going well in Texas.
What say the people: Should I doctorss up and go to a Halloween Party tonight?
And if so, as what?
Ditto : RT : LAMAH!
Happy Happy Birthday to You're a remarkable and extraordinary soul.
The cutlery store could be dangerous.
I think I've seen cartoons like that.
Olivia Newton John...
Somthin cut me and I don't remember it cutin me 
Take home only what u need!
Hey guys!
Tweet me?
How?
Where?
I can't get it anywhere, not on Demand, not on HBOGo.
RT what's poppin stranger??
614DEEM nothing what you up to ?
QUIT YELLING AT ME ASSHOLE!
Siri to Samuel L.
Jackson on that iPhone 4S commercial.
GODBLESS EACH OF YOU
haha I'm going to keep quiet about my opinions on the heat since it sounds you're a fan
NASHVILLE Dirtdobber Blues Event 6:30 March 8 with playing Butch's songs 
Can't wait to play with tonight at Mojo Main and perform at 's Spring Block Party in Baltimore this Sunday!!
we are huge local radio supporters.
well, naturally, because our event features a handful of our favorite local jazz bands.
i want to send you an invite and ask you a question about McNally Jackson, what's the best way to chat?
True, error by Hoyers chosen one at short contributed, Padoctors swinging at too many 1st pitches, lack of clutch hits.
The two main types of services it handles are immigration services and naturalization services.
Back to the J.O.B.
HEADED TO CHURCH...
3 MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL  U ALL HAVE A BLESSED DAY!!
3
God is love.
Wait is this show longer than one hour?
RT : Announcing the State Finalists for this year's US Doodle4Google contest.
Now it's your turn to vote for the winner!...
finna die rite quicc ..
if a see den ima see ya ...out dis bit
me ether
Whats up with you n where u at?
If it wasn't so rainy all the time, I'd leave a trail of breadcrumbs.
:P
Lots of very good offensive skill talent is going to go in the 2nd round of the doctorft, that's when fantasy GMs gotta really be watching
Morning Everybody!
Its a great day to be alive!
Be sure 2 give thanks to the ONE who gave U life this morning!
God Is Good
They really like us!
Like us on facebook for more exclusive deals too!
it's okay, you're a beginner 3
heads towards the woods, hands jammed in my pockets
for those of us chronically in love with Autumn, we see it in every season.
lol I know, sorry I haven't been on!
But I'm on now :
I will love to come on your shows to talk politics and jazz.
how come jazz is no longer main stream and employment....
Hey , what's on your Spain menu?
My mom would want to leave rite when the new adventure time is going to start
i hear that man
can I have some for my presentation.
That's one of my deliverables
going to get my baby so we can enjoy this day!!
Will do he is just signing on ;
Texting your family that's downstairs because you're a bunch of lazy fucks
So Odom pouts his way out of Dallas just like Fisher did in Houston.
Its a broken league when guys can quit if they dont play for LA or MIA.

Now that's what I call vibrant  Like POW
C.L.I.C.K : CCan't live without u.
LLove u.
II miss u.
CCare About u.
KKiss From my heart to u.
So,When u miss me just say CLICK :D
Paul Holdengraber at il2009 believes in the friction of dialog.
Me too!
5 years ago today my father went to be with the Lord I'm so thankful for the 20 years I had with him He instilled so much in me.
Love u dad
I get how serious concussions are but suing the NFL?
Do army Vets sue the Gov cuz bullets r dangerous?
Yes, please!
RT : Snowball fight?
is your pain on your shoulder?
Front, back, side?
Is it radiating down your arm?
Any numbness?
What part of your throw hurts?
Thank you to everyone who made tonight so awesome!
We all hope to see you on February 18th when we play the loft again!
Bobcat Goldthwait's career died a painful, lingering death a long time ago.
This creepfest of a film won't change that.
Meeting this morning with the Roundtable for Young Executives....I'm really looking forward to it.
I don't know if males should have hyphenated surnames, seems somewhat effeminate
Wendys got he nerves to have macaroni  chees
RT : Just realized...
one year from today is the apocalypse!
Happy countdown everyone!
feel free to stop by our beyond borders:diversity in cannes symposium sat, 5/19/12 1pm majestic hotel rm deauville 1
Going to the bathroom :
A quiz for our fans...
Heterochromia means what?
Prepare to stop.
Thanks for the shoutout!
while I'm here, I think I will visit the Georgia Historical Society...
I wonder if you ever miss me being around
The good news: Americans have the awareness, access and ability to help.
What are you doing?
If the State Journal doesn't reign him in, I'd be amazed.
He's on a tirade of idiocy
That quote's so much more awkward without the hashtag.
EsterC and ornages can keep the viruses at bay!
I'm going to need something sweet tonight.
I've got pb nutella and marshmallow puff  how creative can I get
IT'S A TRAP!
Common sense for Arenas would obliterate Wizards' cap.
NowPlaying Johnny O / Fantasy Girl
So excited that is on her way to Albany to see me in The Producers!
your making me want to go back!!
So delicious.
Eye On The Prize...
3
yep finally ready to relax  not play poker tonite
We may be interested.
Have you got more details?
Listening to the best Elvis devotional I've ever heard, by Bruce Springsteen.
I finally get it Bruce, thank you.
The king, boss
Hi Ari, How's Your Friday Going?
: xx
we miss you too babe!
wondered why bacon sales were down ;
Today is thursday right?
So where tf is the UPS man?
Report: Canadiens to name Bergevin as GM
Kid just launched a rock at my car and hit it
been gone for a while:oo
Anyone seen?
RT Catfish: Cant give anything awayinteresting as emac student.worth seeing, more than TheSocialNetwork
The only good thing about being sick is Esther pampering me all day
I Can't Believe He Did That!!!
That was very Rude  uncalled for you don't have to worry about us anymore.
You need to go get a life  move
wouldn't lunch technically count as ur breakfast then if you don't eat breakfast??
will do!
Is the school responsible for providing time for teacher colaboration?
the coin said talk...:
Each day is a new beginning.
A day to take new risks, take chances and have no regrets.
Seize the opportunity to change yourself.
not even cares about me anymore..wow
Empty pockets never held anyone back Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that
Predators and Grizzlies are both in nail biters at the moment!
How awesome that'd be for New Orleans.
: I know I have seen the nails pics on ur FB, its Hot!
I like this quote: Technology is about enabling human potential  Michael Dell.
Patriot: a person who can holler the loudest without knowing what he is hollering about
You cannot help someone if they aren't willing to listen.
You can find a better student, and they can find a better teacher.
MT : Interesting that these agencies are using/talking about digital platforms but neither seem to be too active on SM
Please Follow
so neat!
np Jennifer Chung  Kenny Choi  Natural disaster
Obama, I think you're great.
Romney et.
al., I like your fighting spirit, but can we just cut to the chase and make George Takei president?
Southern hospitality.
Without serious football.
florida but
Watching Grimm, such a good show.
Does anyone else watch?
sounds like you boss is an AWESOME person.
.
.so glad you 2 are BFFs.
.
.j/k ;
It's a good movie!
RT : No, i havent either RT : I'm the only one that hasn't seen think like a man 
DontMakeFun now jess!
9:24 pm in Chicago!: what about over there?
At my brothers in law house..
ATT uverse not working...
Told him to get directv!!
He never listens
When u feel others dont speak ur language, try rewording your thoughts.
Often we are saying the same thing but judgement gets in the way.
that would be a bonus
There is a unicorn exception on my earlier anticlip art comment
the ones with the huge please buy me eyes?
those are starting to pile up.
JesusGeeks at YMCA Jackie Robinson setting up computer lab!
Yeah, i think so
Everyone keep talkn bout the avenger movie......I need to see this
congrats!
To whom?
I understand the confusion for sure!
You'd think people could get more creative with venue names
Yesterday it was brand utility.
Today it is ambiance marketing.
how come you  the boyz go to every other city but you boyz never come to detroit,Mi NotFair :'
super late reply, i went to go buy my hair dye .
but DM means Direct message only for me to see :  cute shirt!!
wear it!
McDonalds OR Burger King?
McDonalds ALL THE WAY!
just got a handle of cap'n!
RT 6 for 5 burgers again thanks to the Brew Crew!
Stop in before midnight to get the deal!
is about to start excavating her apartment while contemplating her new dwelling.
Good things to consider...I try to share lots of different content, so maybe I'm not focused enough?
I tried...
site said your time was up.
:
it's going to be a greaaaatttt night
Good Luck !
Gonna be great.
grateful to see the cards offense give carp a little run support.
pray now he can go the distance and avoid going to the gas can bullpen
umm well you used to go to the skating rink then one of my friends and I added you on facebook I think then we found the link ...
I hope she's alright!
This yr is Gone with the Wind 75th anniversary, starring Vivian Leigh as 1 of fiction's most notorious female characters, Scarlett O'Hara.
I wish!
Tickets are tough to come by now.
Q2 ALL libraries should be doing some type of survey/evaluation.
How else can we prove we're accomplishing anything?
i look forward to it.
Saturday blackout by noon?
Working on slides for a visit to UVA next week.
Thanks to for the conversation about her Sept.
trip.
Now I don't risk repetition!
Whenever I leave for lunch I'm alarmed at how loud I was listening to the radio at 7:15 a.m.
Back on twitter...
for investigative/research purposes.
Interesting stuff going on here.
I'm the same way.
Have fun!
Nice game by Phelps..now lets score more runs and take this game
Left the and newzealand :
lol.
no no no.
about mcdonalds racist commercials.
Wondering where I can get more info on the writing contest that Madison Magazine has each year?
Online info?
You got it girl.
Beautiful Tribute to your DAD.....
Continue to SIng, SInG ....SING!!!
Lend me your eyes I can change what you see
One thing I love about TED Talks is their tight focus.
It doesn't matter if you're Bill Gates or Bill Clinton.
You've got 20 minutes.
LMFAO.
Why was that so funny.
sorry jet fans
Need MondayMotivation check out my tweets
Clorox and Sandpaper.
Showcases by Rosario and Charles, Larry and Sharon, Michael with Katy and Gizelle.
Superb performances by all.
Muchdeserved.
RT : Did I just make a Lord of the Rings reference?!?!?
I'm giving myself a Flagrant 2.
And a wedgie.
olympics in less than a month!
Can't wait to watch it!
Faith is a measure of your confidence.
Trust is a measure of your commitment.
Faith may fail, but Trust in God will stand the test of time.
holy moly that is amazing!
Seem like the refs really want Baylor to take it too.
Lmao!
Pizza hut has that box special!
IJS lol
He loves it when I say daddy :
So I walked up to my car and tried to unlock it, but it wouldn't.
Is my remote broken?
Turns out it wasn't even my car!
Can be there have to leave by 5:30.
Come early!
;
thank ya :

watched TheLuckyOne last night.
It was pretty good.
Slow at times.
Not one of Sparks' best.
any other school have the same?
Why do I always type Cincinnati Benglas first?
Thanks for sharing.
Resilience: 1.
power or ability to the original form, position, etc.
after being bent, compressed, or stretched; elasticity
thx for followin!
keep in touch
RT : It's not often you get an extra day.
Happy Leap Day everyone!
how was Kyle and Cody's 4/20 gig?
i'd've been there had irenic not been playing the same night.
Scott and I wanna come back!
True, I finally decided it was in a purely fictional location.
Illinois was what I thought for the first few seasons
Make love, not war!
doctoram job: The bullpen protection catcher at Wrigley.
Best friend
whats on the agenda:Legal Issues for Public Pensions
thanks for the tweet, Team Jeff  but the wweek mock mayoral race ended yesterday.
my fantasy was to read books for a living.
now I'm an English professorssor.
fantasy win!
Dont Know what Ill do with out my Nel 3
OK heading to bed now.
Good night!
Thanks for the alert  we'll look into that and hopefully have a fix soon.
Zach Thomas sees 'hero' in exDolphins mate Junior Seau  NFL News
Thanks for the tip!
We'll keep you posted on the next one!
you in?
Maurice Lopes Senate Banking Committee, SEC and President Obama: Request to pass a crowdfunding bill proposed by the house and senate.
He
For the record: I never called Orange County The OC, and will now and forever never reference Malibu as The 'Bu.
hey we should tweet more often
if one of us go in then we all go threw t
I am an idiot.
Discuss.
J Cole has a sexy ass voice
Still feeling dizzy ah
What does the red button do?
he asked as he push
Okay.
I want to sit down and watch a teenage pregnancy show, or show about people who eat things they shouldn't.
WHY THE HELL WON'T YOU REPLY!!!!!!!!
Thank you sis!!
Have a blessed one :
A day off  my pool is open!!!
Party at my place!!!
more of a cool lounge groove.
A lounge in eastern Hungary, but a lounge groove nonetheless
OMG you are NOT a barbie so just stop it please none of my barbies looked like yo ass when I was growing up...lol
Are you're vocals on the free E.P.
now following mybadgirls club go follow
RT doctorpped tears in the ocean,once you found it is the day I stop loving you.
I seriously love college.
The frikkin Dodger game is not televised tonight or what?
Somebody help me I'm spazzing out.
Hi Kel!....Have a Bless one
Yes!
Plz send to to get on the show  especially Cut Me Up  Lv that one!
i like the emoji's man
the cost from the venue is probably to blame
lol i skipped the after hours crowd, but MAN.
last week was intense!
so little sleep.
Every time I eat a DoritosLocosTacos I'm amazed.
My new addiction.
Raises hand ;
words to live by: you must short the pins to prevent the buffers from filling up
Democracy is messy and free!
Lockstep Republicans have created the impossible and a unsustainable future.
We are wiunion Our diversity!
I just want to touch your ears so fucking bad!
but then shit might get real lmao
Atlantic needs to realize how long we have waited for a full length album.
Why make us wait longer.
I want to bring the snark...
but it wouldn't be anything new.
: Real managers/GA's get on the FLOOR with their hands and get that sweat off the floor,lol been there done that.
For every one Michael Hanavicius, there's one of you.
If you have a different girlfriend every month.
There is a problem.
The Weakness Of My TL.
I'm Gone.
Text Me If You Got It.
Congrats MidwoodHIghschool Still need money for school?
It's not too late to set up your fundoctorising page!
Control your own destiny...
I know I don't know you.
But your pretty little eyes so blue, are pulling me in like the moon on your skin.
i followed her before and i gained no followers in a month once i followed her
News!
Summer issue now out JUNE 24th to allow for ASSEMBLY PARTY JUNE 23RD!
At , time to be announced soon!
Fuck we have to go to Hernandez's for 3rd.
There is 100 data loss when someone passes away.
Some people ...
seriously !
do it as a whole team .
Is buck Owens jake Owens dad?
Why did my uncle rose just say why dont they just make a music video with EVERY rapper to ever live everybody say 1 line  rent a Bentley
I39;m finna start turning my phone off at least 3 hours before a show.
35;stressed
I've always said Virgina Beach isn't safe, now come to NYC already.
Hey little girl is your daddy home?
Did he go and leave you all alone, mmhm.
I got a bad desire.
No Rose no problem!
LET'S GO BULLS!
KG doesn't get the recognition he deserves.
He's going to light it up tonight.
What if Justin starts shuffling with LMFAO lol i'd die
I'm the thug John F.
Kennedy.
PAB is pricey, but I'd def recommend...
Hitting the road in a few hours!
:D
Welcome and thank you to all my new followers.
Feel free to contact me.
I always reply :
ATTENTION!
IS READY FOR DA BUTTHOLIO,
Best part of the game, rally towels!
I just realized why the autocorrect on my phone sucks......
Its in spanish.
Me and you both homie!!
I'm need one asap!
RT : I need a vacation!
I love watching people lose themselves in music
more trips to jail than sexual partners.
mines on Monday!
Yay Aries babies!
Tomorrows feature is Sweet Potatoe Pie.
If you've never tried it thats ok because we have samples!
So, LOOK FOR THE MAN WITH THE SILVER PAN!
Ill admit, I have been a bit of a bitch lately.
but idgaf!
my blankets are in my floor too.
I'm afraid if I go out, I might not come back until tomorrow...
USING CHILD SUPPORT MONEY ON URSELF
Omg let me say it again I forgive you but can't stand you....
Oh cool!
:D Yeah they're not doing After After parties but they usually stay after the show and hang with fans :
What if I doctorwned in lake Michigan
Awesome!
Congrats to all the new Honors College Graduates.
Frustrated that small pct of young ppl want to get into science, incl software eng.
Got to find ways to help them rewire their thinking.
Out of pain derives beauty...if you allow it to be...
Graduation day!!
What happened to pro basketball players being able to make a jump shot?
if they don't, I could see OKC making a '91 Bullsesque run.
Yes!
Find me  I'm jasminehuff!
need to get fake mustaches for saturday
Everyone will be interviewing tomorrow for DBHH artist of the week tweet her want u would want to
Thank you so much!
Would love to hear what you think.
Social killed the house party vibe
If u r too lazy to walk a dog every day maybe u should consider a cat...
If Emily Van Camp really wants to get revenge why doesnt she just call up the avengers Theyll do anything for publicity.
Get it!
proudhusbandtweet : Learning a lot  the Women's Success Conference in Orlando with doctor Stacia lifecoachtowomen
I GOT A NEW NUMBER..if i knw you and you want it hit the old number and ill give it
thewanted has been around for that long?
I made a couple mistakes I need to correct Speciale in HD 3 and Jeter in HD 92 both won, will fix in the AM
Also, if you happen to be in Brooklyn, stop by Joe's of Avenue U for the best rice ball you'll ever have!
.
I hate doctor Pepper !
Sun doctorp is better:
1/2 crown 1/2 butterscotch schnapps in a cup of red bull...
So delicious
Fridayreads Mainly 1Q84, with a few other books on the side.
That's the best part
well if that's the case, check us into rehab
somebody call my moma
going through these DAMN emotions again .....
CRAZY ....
I don't no why but I love watching mobster  gangster movies.
call yulanda and see would she come get me so i can ask willie to take me to get lauren wic
You got it!
Email rogue to claim your prize.
just left with all his stuff but now theres a weird, sad, defeaning echo in the room.
sorry didn't see in time : hope you are feeling better!
Home sick again today?
Gonna reify the fuck out of this Wasteland.
Ride the skateboard down 125th guzzling Jameson, although no one may notice.
The chorus go wth u mean RT : This beez in the trap song suxxx I'm very disappointed in you Nicki
MaydayParadeJake favorite song to play live?
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
Thomas Carlyle
Chances weren't meant to be given but taken.
Thanks man.
That's an awesome talk.
I hope next year American Idol tryouts will be in Killwaukee where there is talent as well as style
second Tuesday of next week?
i think that's the implication.
Hm...what god do you know?
Natural Leaders US Fish and Wildlife Service award goes to Hanna Pinneo from Lincoln, NE!!!
Me: Your life is a fail just like your dads condom Bro: you wanna go there.?
Your a fail like your moms abortion ..
This whole discussion over the pornographic new Canadian 20 dollar bill is ridiculous.
People need to calm down.
i feel it from my head to my toe!
What's ur favorite piece of jewelry?
Phoenix Paradise Valley Mall
I'm excited that our rental car is a Ford Edge.
We hope everyone has an awesome time at OLLU's MizuumiCon !
omg they definitely were....that wouldve sucked!
Farewell, San Francisco!
Cape Town  watch out!
PickUpLine: You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
GameDay!
not sure I can focus on my day job waiting for the boys in blue to do work tonight.
sportingkc wish I was there
I Need A Loan.
aims session at 8am this Saturday at SAA.
Bring your pillow and blanky.
Anyone want to text?
8327152373
Shoutout to the girls that keep there legs closed..good job ladys don't be a hoe.
TexasFans Are so proud of u n so happy for ya?congrats ??my idol
ah yes true true.
I'd also add Current's Vanguard to that list as well.
I'll feel so bad if you saved up that much money for me dude.....
describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle The Artist
My last RT!
I was just singing that song not even 10 seconds ago.
yeah.
That's why I'm traveling.
Lol besides I went to the one in Dallas and Vegas last year.
Vegas was incredible.
Took our Mom to Hunger Games today.
Good Mothers Day movie?
She loved it!
9730; Sweet Deal Covert Camera Fan 16GB Protect your spouse
There is something so gratifying about hearing a Bostonian say, Trishah, do you have any quahtuhs?
Dang did I just say that...
Carrie underwoodget out of thus town
kyle, could you DM me a way to get in touch with you?
would love to interview you about the amazing year you had.
thanks
i think the longevity of Vogue demonstrates relevance of fashion and being sexy  the vogue archives must be fascinating
Is the dmv inspection station the worst place in dc?
I think so but haven't been to, like, fur nightclub
quick doctornk at 2d street?
haha why thank you!!
glad ya do!
I love Dj AyeMeezy 3 
I know.
I saw all the youtube videos on it and I was like :o I need one and so I got one.
:
The annual gospel choir/ MLK shabbat service at Temple Beth Israel is Friday January 13 at 6 pm.The gospel choir raises the roof off!
if only you knew how desperate you lookk
companies could not afford new units in a down economy..last summer exposed their limited capacity to cool.
bowl season starts today!
fox football guys on now  www.foxsportsradio.com
SOX: The Major League RedSox are idle, but get your baseball fix with the PawSox game on at 6:30 p.m.
tonight.
the doctorke, 2 Chainz, j cole and waka concert bro!!!!
about how girls like assholes.
We just got Surly Smoke and another shipment of Darkness.
Get em while you can...
I send the grossest pictures of myself to 
come on Kayla, that would mean he'd have to pay attention to 5 teams for the city at once!
i miss twitter and my phone :
haha how did you not mention this before you left today ?!
Tell me there was doctorma.
Pretty sure I'm only back on Twitter to read tweets from
who wants to get listed..?
:
my whole office smells like pancakes and syrup..
Oh Friday, you seductive little day, you!
Diamond Supply Co.
So excited about going to Cali!
Can't wait
I wish you all a great weekend!
Never give up on your doctorams!
Rep.
Issa: We haven't heard from the scientists.
We haven't done due diligence.
This is not a new problem.
This is not urgent.
My sister went to blow bubbles but it didn't come with a stick...
I'm taken by your hope filled lies, they're well designed and doctorgging me along.
I'll be waiting for this chance and I'll be gone..
sounds like you did pretty well
Madison was you weren't!
Well I bought NSN Directors Cut yesterday night and I watched it 4 times already!
3 please follow me I love u!
RT : Homeboy selling trechcoats on the corner for 10.
No pain No game
Last weekend I made it to for First Truth love glass artist Yuka Otani, moving towards silk screening!
Trs intressant.
Oh no!
Are you getting enough sleep and/or water?
Those tend to be the reasons for my terrible headaches.
I was just asked to review an academic book for the first time in my career...I feel like this is a watershed moment.
Thanks for pissing me off all over again.
Thanks, Mike!
I be quick to ignore people calls and even quicker to just watch it ring.
SignsUrAHoodoctortMother it's an uncut vid of you on world star topping some dude off that ain't the baby daddy...and the baby in the room
There is no miracle.
Everything that happens is the result of law  eternal, immutable, ever active.
H.P.Blavatsky
Killing it on the twitter account all SuperBowl long
I make bitches walk home......swag
The new song sounds amazing!
I'm not supposed to be listening to music rebel.
Vocals are sick!
Good job 3
Dumb Ass Giants fan interferes with a fair ball down the line
Stand you ground My Brother!
Hatred, Bigotry, Ignorance, and Religious Intolerance must be exposed
I agree Huntsman is the best candidate.
How about doing something nice for someone today?
Take it one step further and do it for someone you dont care for...
46for46 murals!
RT : Premiere of Game Time is Showtime: Indy's Super Bowl Legacy, Part I on Thursday, Jan.
26  7:30p, WFYI 1.
When I tell you I need to be alone, what I mean is that I don't want you to see me changing the batteries on my confidence.
Buddy Wakefield
Yes!!!!
I can't wait to see them!
samodel ;
Everyone loves finding melted chocolat and having lick it of the rapper.
I love JBLfacts, it's a great way to motivate me and start my day.
ha.
White mikes words!!!!
Not mine!
MyPastRelationships made me more of a
i wonder how calls ur gonna get lol
Lunchbox would you hook up with Tina Turner if you had the chance?
ill check it out
One's nature cannot be helped.
back at you!
Happy Birthday to you...I wish you many more, dear friend.
mobile can take the expertise of librarians beyond the library building, new ways to search, engage students, reemphasize trad IL
Yes MT Books
Great audience questions about project gado.
Thanks everyone at
The super easy to use twitter word bag api from just kicked ass for and of our customers.
Thx guys!
don't kill any lot lizards today.
thanks for RT!
A margarita wouldn't hurt, either.
awww i love u too 3
Thanks Facebook for removing the reviews app so people can't leave reviews anymore.
That was great while it lasted.
I need my nails done  ASAP
Have I mentioned food poisoning sucks?
yeah dude Trip someday :
I legit have the easiest target ever
Ima bout to smack this icee out this mans hand if he keep slurrpin it the way he is
listening to this morning as catch up on email and plot out my day.
just want to say great job with the show!
Haha I know!
I don't even live off 7th anymore but I'm still excited!
That awkward moment when you try to silently get food late at night while everyone is sleeping, but it seems like every move is so loud!
Gotta work tomorrow morning to get my body back in recovery mode after tonights scrimmage.
AA welcomes NFL player  philanthropist Lorenzo Alexander to our advisory board.
nothing comes to mind.
Just buy me a bag or two of MMs or Twix.
Even though its Father's Day, you mothers still gotta look good!
We're open 14!
Come on in  get your sweat on!!
Join me in the pure atmosphere of gratitude For life
I forgot about the milk allergy.
Opry tonight.
Good Luck!:
LOL is he ur football husband?
Someday the word METROPLEX will be proudly used....
I wish I wasnt sick right now : /
Working on free apps and blog sites for all you diehards.
Currently in Frankenstein mode.
stay tuned.
:
happy 6 month hunny.
Love always and forever
And as much as I like ale, being wired on Diet Coke's been helping me focus in our last two meetings.
:
Love the ambiance at night on Lincoln Rd.
Work officially done.
Heading back the condo for a power nap and the Salted party tonight.
You're welcome!
We'll get this figured out.
But don't worry about losing tweets I just ran the report to make sure we got them.
That's a good point!
I should try listening while I am getting ready for work instead of listening to the news!
thanks bro
Been using a lot over the past few days to schedule tweets while Tweetdeck is borked.
I really, really like it.
What kind of name is Catness?
Going to see the HungerGames tonight.
O boy...
happy mother's day to you!!
:0
glad to see sandy is still enjoying the bonfires
Specials: Soup Cream of Potato, Pasta Cheese Tortellini with Italian Sausage, Pizza Alfredo Chicken
Walter's Automotive off of Baum.
How do you two feel about Huntsman?
thingsIwishIhadthissemester more money on my meal plan!
i refuse to resort to passive aggressive tweets in this matter...
that's as close as i'll get.
there, done.
Happy I don't work today.
shaylen I got a new song to show you man lol
oh I know but in retrospect I did come off as being a bit selfish.
I've been luckier than a lot of fans :
Padoctors games would be more fun if they actually won...make it so!!!!
The weather finally came around for you guys!
You deserve it, good for you!
Perhaps it was an Anna's?
Check out the distribution map for Rubythroated in the field guide.
RT : Content is fire and social is gasoline.
The Esco situation plays into my original point, do you endorse b/c of ideology or b/c you know someone will win, or both.
Doing some photo work with the great
to be honest.
I can't even give you my opinion on justin cause it changes everyday.
somedays I'm like, aw JB!
and others I'm like, DA FUCK?
It baffles me when I start talking about science, logistics of life,  the mysteries of this world with people  they look at me like HUH??
uh oh
RT FOR NEW YORK?!
:D
just doctorpped my phone in the fucking bath..
books4teenboys: SKYSHIP ACADEMY by Nick Jamesepic!
u is way beyond sexy
Im happy
Hopefully I dnt go to school tomorrow.
it's back.
So scared of getting older, I'm only good at being young.
Yes Boo
is following 69 people lol just thought i should point that out
Darnton: coalition of libraries to provide books
Glad to see you are focused for finals!
HA!
Writing all day today.
lol no.
It came out when I was playing.
Used to watch it all the time.
Asleep at 9, up at 8.
Take that, crappy fatigue.
Thanks, Dennis!
Happy Friday!
nice good stuff
good to know.
Never let your memories be greater than your doctorams.
Doug Ivester
Also, don't forget to make your Father's Day Brunch reservation for tomorrow!
call 702.270.4400
well u should know that funny ppl are better!!!
omg dont even talk about food xD im starving!
just send me some in the mail.
good luck :
Hey can people stop Dming me and putting someone is saying nasty things about you w/ a link attached or anything else like tht is sf annoyin
Cia bounce defeats team final easily 8666
I'm without phone today I can't find it!
Email, tweet, or FB me until I find that bad boy!
kinda?
Lmao no not really
i love Adele so much
Synchropanic: that anxiety you get when several cars are stopped at a stop sign and no one knows who should go first.
if mathai ever goes home i'll flip
Can't promise that things won't be broken, but I swear that I will never leave.
This weekend has got to make up for this week
Well that fucking sucks.
he takes more time than i do..my mom is starting to question whether youre actually coming or not
Going to NYC soon!
Any locals or frequenters have any suggestions about where I should eat/hang out?
thingsbetterthensex sex with a blonde boy.
had an amazing day.
:
Can't wait 2 ruin my underpaid staffers lives on Greece excursion this week!
devilwearsturquoise ABQ Thanks 4 paying 4 my trip
It is too goddamn early for me to be functioning right now
who did your hair?
yea fuck that police ass nigga...dat nigga get no play in my headphones...
I was due for an all night degenerate cash game session.
Was a great game too, but ran awful.
Down 583 in 6 hrs of 2/5 NLH.
5 really pumped abt installing the long awaited AJS 2012 show tomm .
it's going to be like christmas for me.
MT When discussing sustainable museum audience engagement isn't curiosity more important than learning?
musesocial Mightsay!
Our Indiana Pacers are 1 game away from winning their first playoff series in seven years!
Let's go, Pacers!!
I just feel like they're missing one more..
P
One n in Buccaneers.
Too many double letters.
Bottom line, Chip Kelly looked into NFL, but ultimately decided for now, he's a Duck.
RT I want today to go by as smoothly as possibleAlways the plan untill some ignorant person says or do the wrong thing
follow me!3 It would be amazing!
me either
It was raining.
I was wearing jeans and a sweatshirt, asshole.
RT : Who else speaks sarcasm as a second language?
Congrats to and the only day in history i'll ever be congratulatory to U of A haha!
Happy Ascension day Of Jesus Christ everyone Tell the world He has Risen , He is Alive!
I dnt start nuttin and I know if she would try 2 start she gone get kicked out the event so yeah .
Naah
Thanks for the article now i know can spot all of your tactics!!
Good article indeed :
I have feeling that beautiful blue ocean may be here in S.
Fl!
I will find out  will get back to you:
thingstoaskJoker does he like to doctornk milk?
If Petrino was going to cheat on his wife with a blonde woman than he should have stayed at Louisville
Black Friday is a disgrace.
People are crazy!
follow me bitch,:
: I am neither an optimist nor pessimist, but a possibilist.
Max Lerner
Still trying to figure out Lion.
hey Fatima can you check out if they get 50 followers they'll give 100 to charity
just got off the phone with DC Park  Planning secured a commitment from them.
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
Hunter S.
Thompson
AG Kamala Harris at lawyersclubsd annual dinner  talking about SCOTUS decision re CA prisons.
Too many bridal showers, all under 23.
Jayzus.
That's West 6th on Sat.
for ya.
By FAR the most ballsy wager in Jeopardy history and it came from the Teen Edition!
Chick had no business betting that, she already won!
man i really wish there was a way to know what miracle whip is up to on a daily basis.
Honestly does anyone want to be me?
I literally hate myself.
I'll pay you.
Don 't talk about it be about it ;
brrr must be freezing!
I grew up on Pirates Cove
I just added you to our PA resources.
Question: Do you sponsor vision loss support groups?
Fear of the number 33???
loving to see all the must haves on D magazines talk shop for spring, yours are spot on!
JUST DANCE!!!
The song that made famous!
Happy Birthday, Mother Monster!
333333 can i call you latttaaaahhhh?:
People filing out of Cameron.
Overhead bins in Airplanes are getting bigger.
United  Delta are now upgrading bins to hold more
Extremely bored.
: Help?
This week is gonna go by so slow.
your kids must love you!
everyone seems to be in a band now.
I'm on my hustle this week.
Bills didn't stop just cuz I was away in Miami
Someone bring me lunch please  thank you
Hoping the Jacobs family is ok.
That's for Laura and me, mister.
I, I can't be a wizard.
I, I'm just..
Harry Ohh how I love this movie3
OK, looking at my spice options, I'm going with a chicken Korma.
Think of it as Vindaloo's left threatening cousin.
I'm not happy
Robert Lincoln, who was Abraham Lincolns son, had his life saved by Edwin Booth, John W Booth's brother, before his father was assassinated
how can you simply be friends with someone when every time you look at them all you think about is how much you really want them?
Right back at you!!!
Van Persie!
this happened 1st period: gets A on paper: me:lehgo!
girl: let go of what?
me: 
sometimes its fun to just play under the covers for a while, dont rush the sex too fast
I seem to be the only one excited for Earth Day.
But the thing is...
I don't even know why I am excited.
my favorite song changes everyday.
today it's stand up
Trucking thru St.
Joe.
Anyone need anything from Menards?
Might be having a two for one sale...
Yes!
So true.
WTH are you doing up right now?!?!?!?!
Ah!
I'm really stoked!
xD You guys should come play Mario Party 8 afterwards with me haha.
Hey DC's On ur way back from lunch go down aisle 700.
Pick up a FREE sample kit b4 they're gone!
And valerie is FULL OF SHIT
Hahah what they did??
RT : Color me SHOCKED that Sketchers got fined for their ShapeUps ads.
Large group of black girls eating fried kool aid.
Wtf.
just added double trouble to the AC roster!!..that's right..Mater Dei's Wear Twins!!!
I feel dead with out my daddy foo .
If you have a close relative who developed heart disease prematurelybefore 55 for men  65 for womenyour risk is higher.
scary looking bitch!!!
I can't get over the patriots coach's outfit!
It's your big game!
Wear a buttondown!
Making cookies for the Thanksgiving dinner tonight!
Stay away from my restaurants!
That's the motto:
2009 Januik Ciel Red is tasty red black fruits sweet tannins w grip and mod long finish.
Pleasing and approachable
Omgosh!!!!!
Was just awarded scholarship to d New York Conservatory of doctormatics arts!
God'sLove soGratefulsoThankful POW!!!!!
I am beyond fucked.
You guys make me laugh...
love ya'll.
Hump.
Hump.
Hump.
Hump.
Hump.
Hump.
Hump.
Hey Anna!
just thought it would be fun to reach out to you, every time someone searches my name, you come up as well!
:
you're welcome.
we burn the candle and hold the place of hope.
are you doing it on purpose?!

I am listening to your interview/music on Legends Radioyou tore it up!
I will be on the show this Wedgetting ready.
Ok having echofon will make updating so much easier !!
we think so too and good luck on reaching your goals!
This weather change is really upsetting me.
Tonight's spam: I've won the US Green Card Lottery!
: I know I can't always handle the truth...but I'd rather not be lied to.
kinda bored,but im oke :p
I'm so proud of my daddy  his baseball team!!
We Will Review your music and submit it on our blog, Contact for Info!
Josh with his 2nd bleeder but he hit them soo hard last series, I will take it!
off to bed can't get you out off my mind .3
Life's too short to dwell on all that's wrong
Sirhan, Lee Harvey, and James Earl, all just MK setup patsies where other more skilled shooters fired the fatal blows..
After being in a meeting speaking Italian for two hours, I forgot to speak English.
Oops.
So glad to finally be home after a weeklong conference!
Have been thinking about my comfy bed all day!
at my apt, taught by two foodie friends who lived in India last year.
fourpeaks thirty hours to the world's greatest cheeseburger?
Don't try this at home!
damn I cant RT that:/
Better to light one candle than to curse the darkness.
English Proverb :: via 
Mood went from : to 
Thanks for the follow.
We appreciate it.
New shirts are awesome
Agreed!
the public is absolutely a bunch of 13 year old girls...
We will hold the vigil for LGBTQ youth Wednesday October 20th from 78pm on the North steps of the Rotunda.
All are welcome.Pls wear purple
Just finished the book,now gonna see the movie.
There are specific steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
I feel like taking a nap.
but I should probably start homework.
An stuck in a plane.
The extendable jetway won't reach the fuselage.
Uhh.
Congrats to for all the DaytimeEmmys nominations!
And to Chandler Massey!
Well deserved!
it was FOR THE FIRST TIME.
lol i went through so much trouble looking for it
no.
She doctorve me to the airport.
Cliche answer, but Wes Anderson all the way.
Though Jonny Greenwood's There Will Be Blood score was badass.
RT: We want to see in San Francisco  TODAY'S THE DAY!
I miss Camie too
haha thank you
u got it bro, well its time for my nap at work, so I'll hit u up sometime soon so we can practice.
Peace
Watching Aladdin!
I would watch the Lion King but then I remembered how much it made me cry, Haha
Awesome!
Nothing better than a nice stiff headwind the entire ride home on an 87degree day.
man guess what my due date is dawg
That darn life and work ; Well I'm glad I didn't fall off the list somehow  The Urban Museletter is always a mustread
I think the Twitter commentary on the opening ceremony is more entertaining than the actual opening ceremony.
olympics RT
7 Month anniversary of 1 Girl  2 Month anniversary of Unexpected Arrival Tomorrow..
:DD
my new year's resolution...
NO resolutions!
: Sheenas favorite part of her job is introducing new staff to the Obama2012 mottoRespect, Empower, Include...
hey can you tag in your rangers tweets plz???
you are so inspirational baby!
whenever i watch neversaynever i start burning up...
thats called BIEBERFEVER!!!
Start the day out right by saying thanks to ,  for the follow/support love recently!
...
and on the 3rd day HE rose with all power  might
yep...are we the only ones up?
BIg Dollaz Kim home tomorrow
RT : :The American doctoram shouldnt be thrown under the bus just so corps don't have to pay their taxes.
ahaha you thought you were special.
LMAO SLAP MY FACE.
Missed visiting the church where the little girls were killed I took Emilia there when she was about 6 years old
today is going to be a slow day.
Loney's pick right there on Hart..
Sitting outside of Dick's waitting for it to open.
3min togo
Not at all, purely amused by the semantic irony.
Obama has it if Gingrich nominated, with Romney it will be closer but still Obama
If Curlz had an ice cream cone dingbat, it would be the Cold Stone logo.
A Big Thanks Goes Out To All My Supporters!
Check Out The Beats SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
About to take a nap..
Sleepy..gonna take a quick nap!
she's still 2 years from doctorving...
omg I'm going a little insane...actually take out the little part and that's me
The haul niggaz to new land on boats and mexicans in 18 wheelers...
Ain't no way I'm gonna ride that long to only get caught when I c light
Off to work to stack some paper..
Don't forget to follow to get all of our Annual Conference updates  info!
never be ashamed of yer roots der
An honest man's the noblest work of God  Alexander Pope
balled today gettin closer
Have a very Merry Christmas
thanks for the Follow Friday shout out!
Have a great weekend
help support the film Gone Elvis by filmmaker David Newhoff at kickstarter.com every little bit helps.
FINALLY GETTING TO THE MOVIES...
URGH
The Kid With A Bike by JeanPierre and Luc Dardenne ..
beautiful.
Thanks for following, JackWhite is the Greatest!
My youngest daughter has just compared my beard to grulla
k so i need more followers.
now i feel stupid because i am talking to like 4 people.
lolol.
keep on rockin guys!
My Denver Post will have a fourpage special section on the Denver Broncos' signing of Peyton Manning tomorrow.
get some!
From San Diego to around the world follow me for breakingnews 57AM at the Live Desk!
Whoever is in this bathroom is taking their sweet ass time .
Nice!
That could work really well.
But for some reason, I don't mind.
Who wrote Nora?
Brilliantly written.
What's your favorite song right now?
Mine probably has to be ET by the beautiful ;
I just fixed the faucet, now I only got 98 problems.
Love the pic!
awesome!
can't wait!
tasteofdc !
Walked all the way to the training room just for him to say you cud of txted me.....fml
It is a truth universally acknowledged that an editor in possession of a messy manuscript must be in want of a stiff doctornk.
RT
Im not going no where guuurrrlllllll I'm stayin
Hey!
wonderful day for connections.
thanks for the follow!
it looks like it:
Most definitely :.
and think about all those people who died on September 11th 2001, as well as all of our military personnel, and our allies, who died....
Where can I find some good new workout pants..
yes, of course.
FF I ran out of characters to be able to say thanks for the FF!
Omg u Suck I have to work.for BGC tonight ugh
text me after your classes and we will bro hard!
going great in sanfrancisco  amazed by the ease when I let the universe support me!
How's by you?
Love your info!!
Glad to be a new follower!
Good Morning to all my late bloomers it 8:00 you should be almost ready to leave home by now!!
About to set off to do a fourth sport psychology session with an Eventing athlete.
Focusing on the show jumping area tonight.
San diego to san Antonio today.
Thank you for having inflight wifi!
Just sent a donation via paypal.
Thank you for doing this!
I may need such a scholarship next year myself.
:
Can folks exchange their Eichten jerseys if they got 'em a size too large?
I like him, but this class is pointless.
If the new Taco Bell Doritos Locos Taco is Everything you doctoramed it would be.
You probably doctoram of eating salty, spicy crap.
: Have a great weekend!
Has any MC used the line, Get paid so much Congress calls me currency manipulator?
It's rushed, so FuSchnickens?
love dont cost a thing
yeah by saving Abel right?
My next boyfriend must be or at least pretends he is.
For some reason this week has been exhausting.
Looking forward to cincy this weekend...even if it is for basketball
8 more chapters and I'm done with my book.
: It's an amazing book!!
off to seaco
Attending the Loyola GSB event on Friday
schoolmemories everyone laying their head down in ms.simpsons class while she was teaching lmao
Thanks for coming!
You are a beautiful model!
:
Thanks for sharing :.
Hope you had a great weekend!
Hi I like you and missed you today
Be Oneinamillion not like everybody else :
love of my life!!!!!!
and YES so very khoshgel!
Hows the family?
not as much as iMiss you
Before you sleep with that griffin, you should prolly ask it to file its claws.
Maybe put some plastic down.
thanks!
Will do!
Show off that body!
you don't like milito?
where are you?
Whole foods  whole paycheck.
The intelligent man is one who has successfully fulfilled many accomplishments, and is yet willing to learn more
Hey UConn Libraries!
I'm an iSchool student from University of Washington, visiting Storrs this weekend.
What should I see?
We can't wait to you guys at Jammin Java on June 24th.
Just set up a consultation at So excited!
Even if she refers me to another artist.
I'm still excited.
I have a pretty low tolerance for bullshit squabbling.
The good thing about Internet squabbling is I can just turn it off.
Good morning everyone.
:
He made up for being super late.
He's still amazing, even though he irritates me sometimes.
:P
We twissin it up crazy :
Big win !
Respect!
What a man takes in by contemplation, that he pours out in love.
Meister Eckhart via RT
aww haha that's very sweet!
hey where have u been u monkey brain..
:
my uncle is so sick!
D:
MadMen is getting stranger and stranger.
Kansas make up your mind on what weather we have!!
Its freezing
I can hear you singing.
I hate being an adult sometimes.
What's wrong with laughing out of the blue?
Some people look at you like, how dare you laugh.
hey thanks for the follow back :
Really love this compliment.
I've always felt that was the one factor that set The Beatles apart.
Hahahaha!
I defy me too!
How are you kind sir?
At Emerge JV
Now Playing: Rangeele by
What does RT mean in tweets?
BIG bang just now!
Cable's still on.
Date with RogerSterling and Dondoctorper is still on...for now.
ImHappyWhen I see other people who thought they couldn't do something , do it
tell me more
I'm thankful for weekends, the 8 hr workday, collective bargaining, and worker solidarity.
Thanks, labor unions.
Attention: The Regional Clinical Seminar, Maximizing Stereopsis in Patients with Strabismus or Amblyopia in June is officially SOLD OUT
omg i do love my housewives!
if you do too, count our blessings it's on every day cause it's not in paris or most other places on earth!
have the awards happened yet?
Was Gabby recognized at all?
no, she's API d but I dunno where.
Curious  do you keep bee's for pollination reasons, of just because?
I've always wanted to do it but not had the space.
hiring a personal trainer..i need MOTIVATION!
Hell Yeah!
that's crazy!
GO NUGGETS!!!
Word on the street is that traderjoe's is opening in Clarendon tomorrow.
This girl plans on being first in line!
President Obama will visit our own Chesterfield County's Fire Station 9 on Wednesday!
One liners are the hardest gig!
yea iite..not tryna hear it!
Pride n prejudice little women and wizard of oz free previews at library all weekend www.yatkids.org
Yes please do!
Have fun!
We were all bizzy and stuff with Folsom Street Fair this weekend.
How was YOUR weekend?
:
snarky boy, you!
Todays hurried culture has changed the expectations of social behavior.
In an effort to keep pace with deadlines  demands of every day.
too funny
Once UFGT is over you better start tweeting VG NEWS CEO 2012 etc lol.
See you in a week man.
RESS event underway, Melanie Healey about to take the stage.
San Diego courthouse copies  .50 a page.
I'm assuming they are printed on leather.
A warm welcome to Raul A.B., Skip B.
and De la Vega!
Thank you for your support...
I might be able to get another toy amp, but they keep breaking  I feel silly using one with a Fender, haha :
You are welcome!
When starting a fitness program, don't make weight loss your only goal.
Strive to feel better, to have more energy, to be less stressed.
Spot trending now in Glendale, CA: Crumbs Bake Shop  Dessert
We find grantwriting quite enjoyable.
It's the waiting for a response that kills us!
no problem hun.:
Yes.
No bird poo for me, please!
Lol
Great meeting with you!
Thanks!
RT : character flaw or occupational hazard that I tend to sort ppl I meet into admissible, under review, deny immediately?
didnt i push u off a cliff once?
how is it u still alive..unless.....ZOMBIE!!!
True.
But not evil.
Just overworked.
MT She didn't mention you.
Looks like the work of evil desk editors.
am I the only one who isn't seeing all their  replies?
This dude  in comfort of his bed while I'm on the road to success he talks a big game but we'll see
man u better not forget again
RT Gotta love the clever comments like thats a pass Ryan would like to have back Really?
A pick 6 that wasn't intentional?
LOL
Way to go!
2nd marathon!
Impressive Myles  keep it up!
Beautiful day for a tennis match.
Let's do this.
Thanks Tom.
We will be at North Tartan Meltdown this weekend...Coaches, Adella Randle El's stock rising everyday, she will be w/TW Select Noll this wknd
WE WILL FIGHT TIL FOREVER!
FOLLOW  WE WILL DONATE to makeachange !!
You've got the toughness in you.
: If you flirt with 100 girls im probably not gonna take you seriously
taco bell sucks!
Sleep deprived and possibly have strep throat AGAIN?!
well you pick from whichever ones lol!
I though it was gonna be like a slide show You guys should do that too it'd be cute!
Love getting friends addicted to my favorite books.
chicagolandvamps is exactly what she needed right now  strong women and swords :
Shamefacedly realize that I don't even know what this year's bandwagon is.
Good luck to everyone running the Boston Marathon tomorrow!
Ubaldo just walked a hitter.
This is rare.
To all students who attended Student Saturday at AAA09, I'm collecting thoughts and impressions to improve it next year.
DM me w/ ideas!
Gonna go meet with the CEO of girls scouts ha..
Hoping she can help me get a J O B
haven't been on in forever!
We've announced more artists for Minerva!
Head over to minervamusicfest.com and check it out.
Saturday Aug 6  VIP available!
Also, you are required to post a photo of your feet.
I just squeed my pants.
Aye!
What it is Fans :
never glorifies in the death of any human.
Jesus said to pray for enemies.
I pray for his soul.
I pray for peace.
And I let God be God.
In the library gross :/
it doesn't matter anyway, no one can camp out I've already called, cops will escort ur arse out soo lol they can't camp
Pandora keeps playing songs with lyrics the sun is shining everyday and the sunlight hurts my eyes.
It knows I'm in california 3
2011icf David Peterson insights: Coaching works...Time to outcome seems to be the biggest variable...
Free entertainment courtesy of my office neighbor!
Thanks for hyping me up!
if you would like me to write a blog post for using social stories/video self modeling to refer to let me know
How do I remove a twibbon?
everything so clear now.
now i get it
I wish there were a Find My Car app.
saw it by nthe dashboard lights
What will be...
will wait for you to make it happen.
Agreed.
Haven't heard if Kobe has a concussion or not.
Win your Script tix this weekend!!
follow the team FWM WE MOVING
RT : A good leader is a person who can step on your toes without messing up your shine.
going great how is your's.
Guess I was out of town too long  cute hair !
RT 1985 The most compelling reason...to buy a computer...will be to link it to a nationwide communications network Steve Jobs
Let's Go RexSoxNation !!!
Giant Arlington raccoon sighting w/ and Beats DC's rats any day.
Finally i found love3 On page 96 in the dictionary.
lol yeahh he started following since I started using twitter
where the one by our house?
and how much do they pay?!
Will do mister Welch.
Hope 2012 finds you blessed in every aspect of your life.
Keep a lil UNITY in your heart!
bye
Thank you.
My nephew was sweet, intelligent, big heart and cared deeply for the world.
And too young to say goodbye at 24.
omg...how are u ganna see it D: uhm go to a friends or cuzens house who has a computer lol
Great doctorwing, you got my vote..
Good Luck!
Me too dude.
And yeah, been well.
You?
yes, we found a house in Arlington, offer accepted this afternoon!
Yep.
It be like that sometimes.
Weak sauce :P RT Bucahnas kicked my ass .
Some1 should ask MittRomney how he feel about Facebookowner running frm paying AmericanTaxes by going ova seas.
sounds familiar huh
unbuttoning your pants after eating damn lyfe iz gud
follow it's just one button to press.
xx
so far no arrests but most likely that will change by the end of the week.
Medicaid does matter to many for survival.
never mind
Ollie the book is better than the film
Comfort is productivity's greatest natural enemy.
This blanket is so cozy as I try to memorize....Z
great meeting you at uxcampdc this weekend!
Hope to talk ux with you soon!
/cc:
damn straight!
Miami on July 22nd!
I hope she comes back on a 2nd leg
The best way to make your doctorams come true Is to wake up.
J.
M.
Power
Sun Tzu says...
As it's the difference between total racist and not racist at all.
A year and a half on the job, and I'm still having firsts  working on my first program development template and first web site diagnostic.
yes and I har to work for a couple of hours...that's right only a couple of hours  yay
real shit wven tho i was a crab limitations RT : I miss my band days with we used to cut up on the squad lol
3seed...out...3seed...out...the Pacific is doctorving me CRAZY!
no way
iMerchant Mac  Credit Card Terminal, a desktop version of iMerchant Pro for iPhone, email for free beta.
: RT : Follow me more closely to see what not to tweet!
doctornking chocolate soy or chocolate almond milk out of a single serving box makes me happy.
AfricanAm women awarded 4.3 percent of PhDs.
As of 1993, they were .9 percent of tenured faculty.
Looking forward to our class tonight on Scenario Planning class on 1/23 at bit.ly/ypTmIv
Just wrapped a shoot at Bonnieandclydes and now bottle service at
wtf!?!
how do u have 600 followers and XING has like 10???
yes, the leaves look similar to the snap doctorgon pic.
Oh, it will be exciting when it blooms!
:D
You're welcome.
:
he must search his name for hate ...
I wonder what Austin's news is ...
Ally
Retweet this if you like Spooning!
New Year's Resolution to doctorp a few sizes?
Arasys Inch loss system  Slimming Packages on special starting 2morrow...buywithme.com
5.
Understanding how to analyze all this data, possibly the largest bottleneck in biomedical research  doctor Green,
teachers who use flipclass  what do you use to annotated over your videos?
Dig deep cause it'll be all gone once the big girl arrives
When you cook jalapenos...always take out the seeds.
Trust me on this one
I don't understand why people talk about artist they don't like.
I don't listen to the shit I don't like so I'd never bring them up.
We are getting to be on quite intimate terms with the vet.
Old dogs are more work than babies.
: i luvvvv dat nunu name lol I b making da hardest nicknames Whoop!!
On it!!!
writing a letter for a scholarship and I feel like it';s 10x better than my college essay!
I'm only on the 3rd sentence.
Voluntourism  volunteer tourism.
That is a new term I can completely get behind!
Ha!
Great photo!
Thanks.
It's still evolving, but it revolves a lot around hand lettering and happy imperfections.
I have never read a marvel comic book
; I gotta, like, do work.
I'll bug you later.
Take a nap at some point, please.
remember that one time we were in Branson and that carnie was whistling the Jurassic Park theme song the whole time?
Hilarious!
Gogol Bordello  Coffee, this may cause my heart to explode.
u tell me
ConcertWishlist Mac Miller
if yo' arms are sore you should get a snuggie like my Justin Bieber one!:
We all fuck up sometimes.
This girl in my class 
a few is more.
It's sad that I have this knowledge., but I do.
I'm fenna be late a'f
Be the person your dog thinks you are
terps looking to leave State with another unpleasant memory, this is the one team Freidgen has owned
never say never huh?
Shit I find it hard for my 8yr to believe anymore but she is a big fan hope u notice her one day
Jinx RT : Amazing stat of the night: Cavs shooting 94 at the line.
I loved the movie SnowGlobe with I watched that with my class at my school.
If God is the DJ, then Life is the dance floor; Love is the rhythm, and You are the music.
P!nk
At 8 different schools with the Voter Ed  Reg doctorve and these petitions for local control ate filling up fast!
Well hello there!
what gym you go to?
Brandon Roy when he had knees.
Huh.
Some gangsta rapper outta grab True Rap for a name cuz it's an anagram for Rapture.
wow you never told me, thats bad of u.
Yay!
Have fun!
fumbly fingers on a website can get dicey!
But our final results say it all.
Have a great weekend too.
Thx man, cool name LoL.
Very thought provoking LOL
My stomach feels like guile used a sonic boom on me
Finally found my golf swing in the dirt...
Can't wait to play!
though it's not a sport
Happy Friday yal
:O felt my baby cousin kick in my aunts belly !
Cant wait to see you baby boy :
Theon, you're such a lying little shit.
As usual, I can't sleep...
thanks for the promo!
We look forward to dancing at The Happenings!
you already know where I was going with that
Looking forward to seeing my girl later today
Roflmao, Flight attendant I don't do well with serving the public
I really need summer break
it's kind if true though.
The only way to eliminate head injuries: kill the weight room and revamp SC programs.
lmfao, woaaaah, so some lady said i look 22 .
she sick out her damn head.
feeling better baby cheeks?
Braces off, whole day off school,  jersey shore...
S/o to my new beautiful follower
That vid is too funny not to watch
Proud to have been a former Dairy Farmer from Wisconsin , with Certificates of Expertise in that field.
Also
What an amazing night last night!!
So many great professorB2B women in the room!
Thanks for hosting us at our mixer !!
That is awesome!
Love that could be at the top of that list and we both love everything about your store!
: 
God morning!
Cutting lots ppl from my life today...
feels great
Keep kicking butt, darlin'!
We all know you can do it in your sleep!
Your hairdo looks wonderful!!
For Open NW applications already suggested: my Informatics students built a couple of working prototypes last quarter.
It's all possible!
Exclusive: U.N.
derided Fed sticks to promoting a coverup of Leonardo DiCaprio in WalMart stores
stm2012 need an optimized text format something like html5used by many or all publishers
For claiming of being the 99 of the people, why is there only Leftist groups which is just 33 of the politcal spectrum?
No moderates?
bloggers wanted for legendsfantasyleagues.
if you love to blog and want to get more recognition contact us thanks
Live and let diet.
I was literally just wondering what he looked like.
Thanks for sending.
One spot left for our Child Theming Workshop!

Happy Birthday Beverly Lee from the The Shirelles in 1961 had a U.S No.1 hit  U.K No.4 hit with Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow 
Yeah 'cuse!
Sweet win over UConn!
Keep on rolling Orangemen!
Random annoyance update: Most commonly misspelled word: lose.
It's incredible how many people spell it as loose.
I'm loosing my mind...
: Shoutout to on producing Plies new single With u proudofyou baby I fucks wit u
Congrats first of many wins to come!
:
YKMVG I'm going to say that it's definitely So.
Cal!
I love you, Veggie Grill.
I have turned many of my friends/fam on to u!
Your interview on Jimmy Kimmel was amazing.
You are hilarious.
I think I just developed a crush.
It was the backpack.
i saw that omfg
Watching WhatMyHusbandDoesntKnow on BET
I'm so bad I deserve a promotion!
Rihanna on tv speaking spanish with the latina models
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance  Derek Bok
Tonight's plan: dinner  some movie called The Avengers.
I've heard it's pretty decent.
If looks could kill girl you would be a murderer.
I fully support your run and use of gavone.
A movie, champagne and butter lovers popcorn.
Were so fancy!
Jan'12 MCAT cycle has ended...We miss you all and wish you the BEST!
GOOD LUCK on game day!!!!!!!!
exactly part of the pointless nature of QR codes.
I can remember a test URL
Who should we follow on twitter?!
Success is psychological.
happy4thofjuly eat healthy!
enjoy the fireworks!
sorry babe...ull kno when its the right one...trust me
: No.
Kidding.
Agreed.
Maria, you have easily earned the title of 'The Queen of Creative Curation'.
Whats your username on YouTube?
:
I'm proud to be a New Yorker.
Proud to be American
Just go fuck yourself.
I need to be in a straight jacket in a padded room right now before I strangle someone.
No joke
omg I'm so sorry dude that shit suck.
That cleveland dude is a fucking idiot.
I've been seeing pictures!
Yikes!
But, hey, it's always good for skiing at Easter, eh?
;
If 2 donkeys are having sex, could that also be known as FING Jackasses??
FRIDAY we are playing with mychildoctorn mybride at The Ironworks, come headbang with us!
great idea : we should do this; start small, start fun.
could be dietribes project
Thanks FiDi for such a warm welcome on our new spots, 100 Spear and 231 Sansome.
See you next week!
what do you think of the Vegas knowthecode commercials?
Just saw one this morning for the first time.
HAPPY HOLIDAYS TO ALL OUR SCENTSY FRIENDS!!
ENJOY!!!
FAITH LOVE HOPE PEACE
Taking a bath with Epsom salt for aches.
Wiener floats to the top.
Haha Thanks, appreciate it man.
What's your favorite movie?
pedagogy theories are not covered in standard archaeological curricula, need more pubarch courses
CONFUSING ass people
r u going 2 the meet  greet Friday?
Or will u be back from Vegas by then?
How am I still awake right now.
Sometimes I RT things and then wonder if everyone who follows me necessarily follows the person I'm RTing anyway.
Oh, so you are 2 hours behind me.
cool
if that's what's really being claimed the position is completely suspect empirically.
Epic fail of New Year's Resolution 52..after two weeks, I cannot face another bowl of oatmeal.
Linkin Park, What I've Done
Inspired by the greats.....
I want/need someone to talk to.
I can never wear nothing sexy for her, she immediately just snatches it off like damn can I show you first !
Eagerly awaiting some news today.
I pray to God that it's good.
OMG  or should I say OMA RT : I did not factor in the charges having to be read in English and Arabic.
Are you serious right now...you have to be kidding me right now.
PACKER fans UNITE, lets shut up these idiot giants fans, who think they can come to OUR house and win.
All my dm's are just spams .
Hey thanks for the add.
What penny stocks should I be buying.
Google is still a penny stock right?
:
At Meadows HS Camp Expo promoting Blazer Basketball Camp.
This is the 20th year of Blazer Basketball Camp.
C'mon out to the Expo  get info
Josh Taylor raises some thoughtprovoking questions about preserving borndigital information like FB updates and tweets.
Thanks for the reply.
Love all of those places.
Looking for somewhere with more light.
Maybe Upper Crust.
and austin is a boy belieber, so you beliebers are basically hating on something in the family.
thats cool.
Stop in for lunch 2011 s.
1st Milwaukee WI The Horny Hideaway
Going Down TODAY in Huntsville!!!
I'm Da Boss!!
Crosby  Toast
u have to many hoes faith
How adorable!!!
That one is the best I've seen across my feed so far.
Kudos.
Go Chicago Bulls!
: I need some weed man somebody call the weed man.
I'm tryna get high.
a liar girl..hate!
me to but I don't think I could do both
I hope everyone treated their Mothers to a great day...My mommy is in heaven...I miss her calling me..
her Dolly!
happy birthday to my widdle pezdooger !
love you girl 3 
what, no photos?
doctornking soup alongside a cool spring breeze and under a benevolent sun ...
I could think of more traumatic experiences.
I'm glad I have people who care :
Thanks so much!
RT : Google Doc with spreadsheet of online tools.
See FB doc under group
Take two was entirely muted ...
I'm off to an awesome start.
But this tutorial gets better every time I redo it.
:
I'll tell you when the homeless guy pulled down his pants  shat on the G train all I wanted to do was breathe
its past dec 25th, man
switch spots on bed, see avatar every night :

RT : James Jones dnt play defense..
we need stops a.s.a.p
Did Brendon lose something as to why hes weariing that Pink Headband or is that his choice to as he wants to????
SNAP works, don't change it.
Changes mean cost increases.
Craig Gundersen
With at the Catholic Stewardship Conference.
Come say hi, we're at the Liturgical Publications booth!
30 miutes away from our shirt giveaway contest.
Know your western movie trivia.
Pale Rider..
AAPT as underground as me.
Check it out.
Breaking a penny tomorrow, still pending Walmart distribution news.
thanks for the support!
Good news for doctorvers in MiamiDade and Broward this morning.
See you in 2 minutes on NBC 6
How's everyone doing?
TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT!!
FMF2012 GIBSON SHOWROOM SAT APRIL 21: 7:30 pm!
Be there!
Orlando 2012
: nobody fucks with me bro...smh females don't respect u bro
Why love if losing hurts so much?
We love to know that we are not alone.CS Lewis
Saturday June 2nd!
There is NO military charity like Want to help our Heroes overseas?
Check out this incredible nonprofessort!
Getting to crunch time for the cd.
Mat or not make the oct date.
Place your bets now.
thanks for following  I look forward to your updates/knowledge
Can't wait to see the doctorma club do Hairspray!!!!
With Desiree!!!!;
They tell me I have got a mind of my own, but sometimes it's like my mind itself has its own mind.
Win or lose, there's no player I like seeing play well more than
Just started book 2.
You once said something like I'll take to wearing gowns so now, in my mental image of you, you do.
Spencer Tracy was born in Milwaukee.
BOYFRIENdoctorview I love that you're growing up and your voice and music too
Appreciate you checking us out!
We can offer your readers a custom coupon code  interested in writing about us?
if only i could look at him...
Basically, from the viewpoint of real human value we are all the same
Austin has 2 cats and a dog.
Romo, Anthony, and Angel!
RT if you have a pet.
:
Every man is a doorway thru which t/ Infinite passes into t/ finite, thru which God becomes man, thru which t/ Universal becomes individual.
The Austin SXSW ECO Startup Showcase starts in one hour.
57pm at Lanai, 422 Congress
that you love life and the people around you.
Which, I believe.
holy shizzaaaa is sexy.
why didn't i know about sooner!
I love my country so much, if there was a bald eagle right here....I'd fuck it.
They are the WORST.
Had them during my last bball game.
no bueno
planet fitness in Reisterstown
visiting NO with fam and walk past Michigan FB team loading on bus.
Had to rep tOSU!!!
have to follow 37 people back.
I'll do it when i'm out of following limit kay ?!
:
got it!
I'm an idiot.
sends a tweet and fogets what he's talking about.
thanks.
this weather makes me so happy.
Here's hoping Steve Nash comes back for one more round.
they just mentioned you on power 96 lol
Also, the floating library in The Scar.
Thankz to thankz for following me
Not during this game.
I don't find it cute when guys smoke weed.
I call BS!!
Don't put a question mark where God has put a period.
Since you all loved the Go To Team cooler last week, we thought, why not give away a GTT camping chair?
'Like' this photo for your chance...
I get there from time to time.
I always leave the Atl Eagle disappointed, never find many friendly guys, very cliqueish
RT SURROUND YOURSELF WITH POSITIVE  GET POSTIVE RESULTS, SURROUND YOURSELF WITH NEGATIVE  FAILURE IS YOUR NEW NAME!!
Brought to you by: TMG TOPSPOT NETWORK...
For more info visit :www.sumersizzleseries.com
i hear ya.
So what's the advantage for a smaller retailer?
Minorities are abt 1/3 of the U.S.
population, but make up more than 1/2 of the 50 million people who are uninsured
Sad A fact: You know when you have big boobs when you break the biggest bra you have
if softball was easy it would be called baseball
Suddenly, I wanna scrape the rust off my old sketch pad  see what the ole man can do.
The Chrome/Zotero problem literally keeps me awake at night.
Thank you, and you're welcome :
Would love to see the Sox crumble to rays on Thurs.
Oh my goodness gave me a kiss!
Its too dark to tell, but I've been blushing since!
Oh, and I need a new straightener.
Please.
Oh, I wasn't clear.
It means that I'm going to make sure I'm outside...which means away from twitter!
uh yeah wah iz dat supposed to mean you don't believe me?
And thanxxx for making me look dumb foo!!!!
Lol
right because M.
Williams doesn't realize it gets cold in Buffalo.
appreciate that ;
Just left 39th.
no trouble at all.
My pleasure.

the egg who wants me to get a gift cardNO.
Thank You Lord for the Freedom Riders!
Talked to max tonight abot cooking vegetarian food..
I'M A GOOD cook but worried  excited when I have to cook for a vegetarian soon
Shoe licker strikes again.
Trivia with DJ tonight at 9:30.
There's a mystery prize tonight!
yeah its so good.
but they only sell it at taco bell 
dunno yet..
The NFL owners meeting must be kinda funny for TT.
Like hanging out with all your rich friends knowing you just get a paycheck.
whosetab?
thanks so much George!
Your amazing!
Much love.
; 
NICK VAN!
navet is trusting in what can't ever be.
I'm just telling you what is.
Facts is facts.
Thanks for sharing, nice video!!
See you this weekend!!
I just finished writing another fan fiction story of The View with whoopi, and dibbie, and joye and star
Jane Addams HullHouse exhibit to explore Chicago teaching artists work fb.me/16kjAcbC7 via CTULocal1
I think he running a special over there...
But I'm not sure but I'm sure in a record time youll be amazing
This is pretty awesome.
Time to show some pride Lebron!
We need change for those 4th quarters.
And not just dimes, points 
Happy BDay to 1of the best bodiesset of lips in the business.
i'll be watchin ur videos in my birthday suit in ur honor.
Hey follow back plz?
You ma'am have done an incredible job training the AI contestants and your very talented daughter.
She is a
There is a new Barbie doll on the market  Hippie Barbie ...complete with simulated controlled substances and paraphernalia
ironicallyjust saw a police van go around the block twiceright by them
me too but it's to cold right now : Glad I have a pool I can jump into whenever I feel like it :
.
is looking hot!
Who is coming out!?
Get out early we are going to be packed tonight!
Gone With The Wind ...
another Sell Out at the Plaza Classic.
Thanks for coming to our mixer last night !
We hope you enjoyed the evening and met some incredible women!
and then I will be done, finished, over.
I won't spend my days from six in the the morning through night with the characters I've...
thank you!
Kloppenburg's team is apparently at government accountability board  a sign they may be asking for a recount after all.
So far, not filed.
LETSDOTHIS be there soon with
Thanks!
It was fantastic!
If U have a loved 1 in prison N Missouri, U may get a Three Squares greeting card soon.
We just shipped them a 2nd order.
Archaeology from 1 to 525 in a day.
My brain
If only i was an asian..
oh wait..
RT : Ok...
RT Tonight's baseball game between Northwestern St and LATech has been cancelled because the...
Listening to The Wall until I fall asleep
Brunch replaces breakfast and lunch, but mainly b/c one has slept through breakfast.
download an app called Voxer ;
Being at school at 5 am.
I hate those memes where ppl take the worst lyrics from today and compare them with the best from the past.
why would they ever be?
Nights like this I wish....
my niggahs were here
One of the greatest music festivals is SXSW in Austin, Texas.
That could be my next tweet is so random and funny
I just got my Chinle Ice Nine portfolio kit today!!
What's up, pup?
The first time this was used by myself it was genuine.
The latter times, I used it because I thought it was a cool excuse: Sorry, we put...
A special prayer goes out 2all who were effected by the storms this week.
We'll also pray 4those who r presently experiencing life's storms
Glad to know I'm not alone.
With limited budget, a lack of bib/notes is a deal breaker these days.
I am well aware of the basketball royalty banner count.
Oh, and that you have zero.
same here.
Wish day would end
Wtf, im following over 1000 people?
Coming to other campuses Indiana U; Florida later...
Best part about tomorrow: 50 pounds of Bison hand delivered by Ed Eichten from Eichtens Hidden Acres.
1 yr kettlebell anniversary.
Never felt better in my life!
thanks for the guns  4 the inspiration
Riley's first article on Black Studies ruined my morning.
Her second article, a halfassed defense of the first, has ruined my evening!
Working on completely redoing my facebook business page  uploading many new photos to the website today.
Check back for when its published!
all night??
What were you doing?
will do and will make sure to tell everyone u reminded me!
So good to c u 2nite!
Serving as director and NABTalk Editor for National Association of Bankruptcy Trustees
If You Get A Haircut Everyday CENZO Will Be BALD D:
I have the sudden urge to put on some Boston, MoreThanaFeeling and dance around singing into a hairbrush for a microphone.
I Got Tha Juice
I alway find everything eventually.
what the hell is this?
Kottaras' new batting music is Tool.
Same band as Randy Wolf's pitching music.
Just sayin'.
did you hear doctorp.io was going to be disappearing soon?
When I found out doctorw Brees had won Off.
POTY, I used my Toddlers  Tiaras deductive skills  hoped it was for MVP!
on the phone with his mother and going over some things online.
:
i want to but i am not by a computer.
Just my iPod.
Do u think it will work?
I am just wondering who r u 2 judge anyone?
I'm giving my parents hints I want to meet for my Birthday and/or
Have you signed up for the Joint ASLA and APA conference in Utica??
Be there!!!
Nowak: When you start the season with three losses it is right to describe things as a state of emergency
nope, got a few replies.
One was my exact view on the movie.
Dances with Wolves in space
Excellent writer, seeking a permanent position in Chicago, HIRE ME!
Passing Daytona :D
Open window breeze  LMN!!!
DAM I KNEW SME WAS GOIN ON
you're doing vacation wrong
His account is protected.
The friction cause by haters will ignite the fire that propels you into your destiny...
Late lunch with the ladies in the family.
Best flight yet.
Dnt guess be sure...
WITHOUT ME....K BYE
I voted.
Do not screw this up, :
I need a hair cut DJ!
Sucks that it's almost baseball season.
Boring tv without college bball and nfl
lol you wrong for postin that pik of me
I can't wait until you guys come back to Florida!
:
Even the best fall down sometimes...
Is their any place I can send an airsoft gun to for repairs?
bolt ;
Great advice
have you tried Rugged Max
Had the BEST doctoram ever during my 5 hour nap!
Wishing I could be with him right now3
If you don't have a mobile strategy  you're lost.
It's real time and specific.
Did anyone have a tear fall down when they seen the boys on the preview...?
Just me...
K
Watching Extreme Cruise Ship Oasis of the Seas ...
And wishing I was onboard!
At least according to their tv show.
....and the storms r back....ugh
I want my MTV.
Who else wakes up in the morning and checks their Facebook like its the morning paper?
Tonight our own rocks it with at The National!!!
I'm at a wedding bro
Here's a breakdown of the week activities Methmonday, Tipsy tuesday, Whiskey Wednesday, Thirsty Thursday, Frisky Friday
sounds like a plan
Thanks for the shout out : If we can be of assistance in any way please be sure to let us know!
All the best
When I get to Mexico this summer I expect the whole neighborhood to have rehearsed Glad you came and sing it to me as I arrive.

Welcome Daniel!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
possum making a nest in the attic.
feral cats mating underneath the house.
me, cowering in the middle.
pest guy, promising results...
I DO believe the childoctorn are our future; I DO wanna dance with somebody;  I DO believe in the greatest love of all.
RIP Whitney.
That moment when you buy the black guy on temple run and realize he does not run any faster.
Crushing on and her fearless speaking of the truth.
Mirrors can't talk, and lucky for you, they can't laugh either.
I am convinced that attitude is the key to success or failure in almost any of life's endeavors.
Your attitudeyour perspective
Is offering beautiful products that consumers love enough to justify Apple's market cap?
://econ.st/GHz1CJ via
yes it was!!
WOW...congrats to a new start
I understand.
I just can't explain my experiences in a single tweet.
DM your email addoctorss to me and I'll gladly share.
haha yea lakers have a lot of haters, thats just one of the consequences of being good though
hey :D
Love Burlesque?
In the mood for something dark and sinister this week for Halloween?
Check out the www.wrathskellar.com
I like you and your good...
Its 1:30 am and i have to wake up at 6:30 for skool, ugh
A real optimist would just be happy that there's even water in the glass to begin with.
do you remember back in '05 the GS Warriors had the we believe slogan?..
We need to come up with something for '12 Clippers
...
Yes, sir.
That would be our prez.
Graveyard Double Feature  THE HANGOVER  JAY  SILENT BOB STRIKE BACK.
Tonite at 4am.
Movies  Mai Tais.
Only at Frankie's.
Mahalo
Trying my first BBQ joint here in AZ...
They say its KC style I was brought up on Gates BBQ so we will see...
I want a Nimbus 2000
Thanks Sonny!
Need a bathtub full of Vodka
We will have that taken care of asap!
We'll be back next week 4 the final!
Looks like we may be looking good to hit the streets labor day!
where's the vid
Obvi that was at Coachella doe
Oh, it is.
Join us!
Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand.
i dont watch alotta tv but i listen to hella music.
So i promote at aquifer npw???
Whhhaah?
In bed watching Jerseylicious.
whta's been up.
Do u c da Movie about 2 jump off w/ as da STAR n Mo Known Talent of course.
Today is the last day to register for: Bonsai Workshop  Saturday, June 25, 10 a.m12 p.m.
Call 3173277580 to get signed up!
40
Beautiful Fall day!
Come on out and eat on our patio.
You need your belly full to cheer on the Brewers win!

Dear Twitter, sometimes I need more than 140 characters to describe what's on my mind.
Sincerely, everyone.
Thanks so much to for having us on!
just started THE ABSOLUTELY TRUE DIARY OF A PARTTIME INDIAN by Sherman Alexie.
I think I am going to love it!
Platform tennis eyed for Wilmette parks  Wilmette Life
I had a doctoram last night that he invited me up on stage at some festival to play Heartbreak Warfare and i was too excited, until i woke up..
They should change the name of this park to Mexican Birthday Gathering
yay!
See you at the show!
double like !
SometimesIJustWant be happy!
not give a damnm about anything!
i'm done being heart broken by guys that dont give a shit about me!
RT : My fierce ancestors will get me through this!
I miss you too
love but seeing her under the knife makes me want to vom!
Dont watch me watch tv
Steve Welsh is the inspiration for TeamSoaringHigh.His niece,14yo walker Avery Welsh named team after her sense of his presence in her life
The difference between a successful person and others is not lack strength, not lack of knowledge,but rather a lack in will.
Vince Lombardi
Gnc Gold card starts next week.
I need to pick up some
Is there a divide?
Listening 2 her talk makes me feel like I'm at Marquee on a Saturday, standing next to a baby.
Where are you Kevin?
We're waiting.
.
.
Seattle is hot today.
I'm sweating.
that whole scene in Mad Men just made me uncomfortable.Maybe I'm weird.I found it embarrassing too but I'm a real musician.
Cowboys will be cellar dwellers this year...
BOOK IT
teach me how to dougie
maybe because straw polls are a fruitless waste of time.
Just like party endorsements!
It was quite a roller coaster ride at nxtchp2011, and/but I flew away with a brain full of fodder to sort through.
Kohler Co.
Partners with Homes For Our Troops to Build Homes for Injured Veterans  MarketWatch
enjoying your tweets today keep it up!
Making the 3 block trek to the state fair, can't wait for Marc Anthony!
Only part of that is true.
2 of my professorssors put a noposting clause on their syllabi.
California...
Knows how to party California....
Dear , Um, do you think Bret McKenzie could have thrown a thank you your way?
im fine :
Spending today with the best mom in the world!
Famous for her sunday breakfasts!
It's too soon.
I can't talk about the game yet.
Congrats though
NF go FOLLOW him.
his page is so doctor!!
great panel earlier today!
Very useful models and points.
RT : U.S.
proudly aids schools overseas, but Alabama denies childoctorn education because of immigration status of parents
I have an andoctorid.....
Other people's pregnancies always go by so quickly!
you have some great potential for a nice little cottage industry!
You could be the online fitness goddess!
she was fine when i left school
Ugh.
Why am I wearing pants right now?
how long what will last
Happy Thanksgiving!
Thank you for allowing us to be part of a better you!
All the technology in the world and we can't figure out how to make a disposable coffee cup/lid that doesn't leak?
Oh Neal..
I am glad I follow you.
Your tweets that make my night....
I like to see your thougshts on the windbags
i love the show even tho im 16
I found my extra charger :
it's pretty crazy.
God bless you!!
well i don't live like directly in it,yeah : it's really great here :
those are the best weddings!
Have fun!
Yo Yo heat it up?
Who's got something in common with Merv and Kathy?
did we schedule a time to talk.
Would love to see what it takes to get 600k teacherpreneurs.
thanks for the follow!
Good to connect w/you on here.
Wow fosterthepeople killed it!!!
We are happy you survived!
:D
I did go to ochsa!
:
My wife is always running late.
I think her ancestors came over on the Juneflower.
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, baffle then with bullshit
We're preparing for the closing keynote at nsvfsummit with Laurene Powell Jobs, and
About time!
I'm pretty tired of being labeled morbidly obese despite the fact I'm an athlete.
RT : The last cute boy I met in California was Tyler, and it's still sad to think that I am never going to see him again.
Thanks for the fab write up!
MT Next time u go anywhere/do anything, pretend you're in a Tarantino movie.
Makes even the mundane trip to the supermarket fun.
what do u like 2 do 4 fun
an unholy task now has me in its grip
I need more shoes...
Lights will guide you home.
And ignite your bones.
And I will try.
To Fix You...
I've heard of birthday oral but I didn't know it involved surgery.
Agreed.
The guy who is organizing this is a genius.
8:30am per Beatrice's email
QOTD for all my fellow educators: We need thinkers, not rememberers..
Family time is refreshing sometimes 
Sometimes I sits and thinks...
And sometimes...
I just sits...
Looking in your account and seeing that you got paid 130 more than you budgeted for .
Today's Brain Floss: The Statue of Liberty's mouth is 3 feet wide.
That girl needs a big brush!
Stupid English teacher made stuff due this week.
: brandchat Competition inspires gr8ness, yes, in the right environment, but can also derail projects
Your mam and I would get along quite nicely methinks...
;
We are adding a hip hop night to the schedule soon.
I've gotten a lot of great hip hop from undiscovered artists
looking for love in all the wrong places homie
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Butler GUM Electric  Battery and most oral care products.
There used to be a time when we'd remember things  Marc Maron on how GPS is making us more stupid
James Allen hunt ends thanks to offduty police officer
What do you think of the new Pink song??
Raise Your Glass.,
I love Coldplay but performing at the HollywoodBowl makes the traffic in LA even a bigger bitch.
I need a job.
RT : Europe was amazing!
Thx to all the amazing fans that came to see us.
Now hits Australia.
So lucky to celebrate ...
Agreed.
Watched too many break down this year.
They have tested almost every day since May 1.
enjoy young padawan.
I hope it's the original trilogy.
She said ..
you ain't no good , but you feel so good 3
hahahah I wish.
I was cracking up at that video.
Y would I evr like u your trashy and your family is mental.
Dont ever talk crap on my fam psyco.
Which Maryland university will get the first NFLdoctorft pick in 2012?
College Park, Towson, Morgan, Navy, etc?
We are having a FREE BBQ next weekend April 23rd!!
Come and Join us.
We have what you need!
Just a short doctorve down Federal!!
:
Yes!
That is exactly how I think of it...
a journey.
peace.
Late night!
We're open 11pm3am to cap your night.
It has been a pleasure being taken to school on salsa grooves with my new band Love playing music for a dancing crowd!!
Free tickets to Mike Posner...!
Interested?
: Check back tomorrow at 12:00PM for more information
One of the russians saw a baby black bear yesterday,so now most of the guys are scared to do their roadwork.They don't wanna face mama bear.
Awesome job!
RT : askacurator has shifted to askcurators to avoid spam
Shit I'm guessing that since the 4th I've been on sum extra shit
There are some really dumb people in this world.
This is a busy area for work,everyone I call says they can't even come give a price for a couple weeks.
Just met osamas daughter with
thanks man!
This is our Lucky 7 year...
see you there :
that is awesome :
Busy but great week in Chicago for MBAAnnual11 and RetailDelivery now Amtraking it up to the MKE to spend some time with the fam
Dear Topanga, will you marry me?
Love, Austin
Just realized that PILGF is less than 2 weeks away.
It is a great honor to represent the US.
Much to prepare.
Hope projects present well.
;Dancing on my bed!!!
!

something about bob mould and autumn nights that just works.
One hour till game time, folks.
See you all at McNally's for VANvSKC!
Nagamura with his first start for the club!
not right sir, most company's do not understand they need help with seo to be found  just putting a site online does cut it
Thx to all who came to PP.
Best 1 ever!
Thx to all who gave so generously.
Thx to Pizza Kitchen pug rescue
HEY!
DC Individual Artistscheck out the Artist Fellowship Program funding opportunity via deadline June 18th...
RT I like Serious News Outlets who pretend that not attending the WHCD somehow means they're not cozy and corrupt.
I love you too!!!!3
Let your presence light new light in the hearts of people.
Remember when Gap made men's capris?
That was silly.
Hi.
Thank you for following up.
I do need help but need my bill so I can DM my acct .
Do you need that?
Unlikely bedfellows at the library:Caccini and Cage.
So excited for FLIGHTSTOATLANTA :D
The Aztecs should be in the top 25.
Man we keep getting robbed.
With every one it seems the time seems further away but someday we'll win games like these last two.
The honor would be mine.
Didn't think of it.
I'll include you in my usual posts.
Thanks!
Smilla is the only one of his I have read.
I was just curious.
Of your 6 best picks, I have read only Smilla.
Must get busy!!
where do you work out at?
it doesn't have to be by a deity.
I'm blessed with good fortune.
;
how did you find it??
I cant find it on youtube.
we go veggie...
working on vegan
I hate you both!!!
A shower, a big bowl of ice cream, writing and reading.
Good night.
:
If you don't like something, change it.
If you can't change it, change your attitude.
Maya Angelou
Tonight at 11, neighbors are upset about noise and other issues from adult club that opened 2 months ago.
Business owner disagrees.
most people still arguing at me aren't even from America...so the point is moot.
ironically, the move to MC was intended to give you a better or control of newsletter subscription :/  work in progress.
Bitch I'm the shit i ain't worried about shit bitch I'm the shit I'm on my own shit don't you see my out fit bitch I'm ballin ballin ballin
Dear Luna plan to announce new Live Video of new single Waltz
Aw yeah
Its seems like u ready :
Maynor would be so nice to have to cover Sessions.
Fisher is 20 steps late.
Well, first full day of vacation consisted of tenplus hours of work.
Better luck tomorrow!
You are welcome.
10waystodie ; cut a bitches head of.
Philadelphia is a very Cold 29 degrees with a wind chill of 19 degrees frost is very Likely do to the frigid cold
Switching gears and using my Phish related Twitter account as their tour begins:
My phone always favorites random tweets..
but half the time it ends up being something I would have favorited anyway so
Supernatural Forever is trending hahahahahaha
: it's bike month is the only one who sees the light with bike transpoEven A Parking Guy Supports Bikes!
Now that Im reading my timeline lets say if weather permits.
War is not the answer.
Unless the question is 'Which band performed the theme song for The George Lopez Show?'.
TMI for twitter and I'm recording.
Happy birthday Mike!
Thanks for always keeping me clued in
Norquist wanted a puppet, and Jindal fits that to the bill.
He even looks like Howdy Doody.
yea for sum reason actressprincess wit the s was taken!
Thanks for following me ill def follow back!
Almost everyday Id be playing basketball haha wbu
No!
Thank you for the follow!
Can you please introduce me?
Sounds fabulous!
Yay today with and it's gonna be epic
Squawk asking money managers are you defensive in this environment.
Really?
And the responses are positive spins.
Short selling works
wait a minute...
funny that as i was walkin out on vacation the pizza party pops off?
Just sayin...
l
good morning hope u r going to have a great day love u so much my pretty boy !!!!!
So someone from ILL showed up, the IT guy, someone from bioinformatics  one of the library guards.
Pretty awesome.
This is what it must feel like to be yawn RT : Opening up shop with
Cant wait till you back next year!!
RT : Goodnight Champs!!!
Everybody follow my.
Old college teammate Danny Brennan as one of my birthday wishes
Watching Bill Maher show with special guests Common and Barney Frank.
Maher is kind of a jerk, but his guests are charming and intelligent.
Lol!
Fun video!
Oh yes!
no!
Oh and wednesday night.
White Plains.
Yes.
Ok.
Happy Thanksgiving from the Los Angeles Public Library, Memorial Branch.
We will be closed Thursday and Friday  open as usual on Saturday.
thank you :
Harry's Burritos with my awesome friends MicahWithOutTwitter maddiewithouttwitter 
Meryl winning this is kinda like when Barkley won NBA MVP  more of a cumulative honor.
OK, I'll quit trying to link the NBA  the Oscars.
When I was born, I was so surprised I didn't talk for a year and a half
it's so funny!
GM Chicago
I am somewhat entertained by the fact that it's the iPad 2 vs.
the new iPad.
up next: the new new iPad or iPad 4?
So pleased our leaders came together, across party lines, to avert economic catastrophe on THE key issue: the NFL lockout
sounds divine!
Congratulations to who's going to be a father!
His kid is going to have such a wonderful life :
I will definitely need to know the details on your garage sale!
well you can't review your own James.
:
Maybe your dick is so small because you took 3/4 of it and shoved it into your personality
haha i am always using my windshield ;
Shake your music maker...whatever it may be
My mom wants me to have friends over  My mom wants me to have friends..
Just took a picture with Awesome!
Good luck on your decision.
Your gonna ball out wherever you go!
Quite confident this day is never going to end.
Man...
went  raised their rate for internationally sent texts to 50 cents.
Ugh!
haha I have no idea I just saw a commercial for it and was shocked
it was all over the Internet
Changing my AI10 vote to Casey Abrams, because the kid is all kinds of talented.
And because Jordan Dorsey is a kind of jerk.
Thank you for the mention.
I lightweight wanna record this shit, but his mom looks pretty pissed lol
I wish I had a better memory.
you doing ok today ?
Do you know what a Badge of Courage is?
A symbol of love and encouragement for breast cancer victims.
bit.ly/nwx2RO
is hoping he can find a job so he isn't bored all the time!!!!!!!!!
haha HOORAY for
Making TV Commercials
He has taught at the collegiate level and provided training in numerous settings in strategic planning, management and migration.
hahaha!
Nope.
He said he could hook you up with someone on the bus..
Maybe even Jerry himself ;
got my nose peirced last night, its really cute i like it but its sore
it sounds boring, but important lol
thanks for checking us out man!
Under all speech that is good for anything there lies a silence that is better.
Silence is deep as Eternity; speech is shallow as Time.
absolutely love the iPad mobile site!
no more skipping for me ...
Now I must start on my lab report.
Good luck Lyra
Words cannot describe my jealousy man.
One of the greatest filmmakers working today.
Have a great lunch!
The Avengers looks amazing.
Your first name is Marcel after all.
; RT : I'm fluent.
Tis the season to be sick!
I didnt think those were atributes anymore ?
Need to find a way to bring your employees together?
Consider picking up a copy of my book for great tips and activities!
Good luck girl.
Your mom told me about it.
Knock em dead!
Xo RT : On my way downtown for the Kid Rock shoot!
:
Romney sweeps the South Pacific!
Omfg!!!
I got a new iPod touch today so I actually have two of them!!: hahah I'm such a brat
It did not snow once this year and so I had no reason to play 's Snow is Gone today.
Better luck next year, Seasons.
All email can be divided into 2 categories: daytimeish  nighttimeish.
Dayummmm the dude knows how to roll them
YW.
A necessary site you have.
RT : Thanks for the follow, and also being there for us from the beginning!
don't forget to come out to the blue note Saturday night to see us rock......
.
legit.
I'm okay with rain here  there, but this week is making me want to hibernate
you know the childoctorn's bounce house is a mosh pit training tool.
Get them ready for their first metal concert.
FF some of Glenn's friends
Too bad we had to put up with some doctornk Philly fans on the Metro after the Nats game
Hey There Sunshine !!!
He stole my heart and I stole his.
Sadly it took us this long to realize that.
3
stop tweeting at , he is busy.
DMX has a new album coming out?
I'm going out on a limb and bet that there's a dog reference on there somewhere
I honestly didn't know you were going to be in tonight's episode...
I freaked
say when he win da megamillons today he's gone put spinners on da microwave
Friday's almost here!!
Growing more excited everyday!!
m/
Hoorray.
My wife is off work today!
Would be nice if someday, people would follow through with what they say they are going to do.
Caps Backstrom on Hunter not returning It kind of sucks
So I'm deff switching around my schedule for next year...
I will not have my study hall in the middle of the day...
How about last period?
welcome!
I hope you had/have a great birthday!
tell me how you REALLY feel sinjay.
come to milwaukee
second too last car.
Plenty of room
Start your day by telling your loved ones happy valentines day!
Had the honor of singing Hawaiian songs in celebration of the life of bruddah Willie.
Your unconditionally loving, aloha spirit lives on.
Thanks for the follow, lovely lady.
You are an inspiration to me.
xoxo
have been to Louisville, back home, and to Paducah...they finally think they have me well for now.
lob city strikes again!
They were small but they did the trick.
: it helped alot
Happy Jazz Fest Everyone!
Now go out, see some great live music on the fairgrounds and join us for the nightly portions of your weekend!
I'm gonna give you a fuel line that'll hold an extra gallon of gas.
Well then, I say We doctorp the hammer.
Let's Ride.
Bentley maybe
that shouldnt even be a question of course I want the pictures
Waiting for he sun to get covered so we can shoot here at SMASH STUDIOS Tori livereallivefearlessliveyou 
Zappa's Second Law: As any conversation about language grows longer, the probability of a mention of Valley Girl speech approaches 1.
Important Twitter Tip: Tweet followbackfleet and 500aday You will be shocked the results!
Do this regularly..
congratulations, we can't wait to check out your class!
Everything that can go wrong is going wrong in this game, apparently.
I'm Just
My ears are full of the sounds of machinery.
RT its puzzling that your snazzy logo and prison etiquette don't garnish you more free work?HA
I should use these things called doctorwers.
;
Faith is being sure of what you hope for and certain of what you do not see.
Hebrews 11:1
Believin' in Luv without Factual Evidence calls for Nothing but Problemz.
Richard Edwards's scms12 talk is like 's Understanding Comics: it's about a field, but really about everything
Integrity is the word of the day.
I know exactly how you feel!
And you're welcome.
RT : Love that posthaircut feeling.
Thanks !
Dislike Georgia's helmets.
nothing much reading hbu :
Tweet me if I havenot followed u.
Welcome , and to the twitter feed.
Like us on Facebook.
Ok guys I need 25 more followers until I hit 200.
My goal is 500 followers by Tuesday
m coffee this morning and Twilight this evening, it's going to be a great day
Iced latte Nancy Botwin style
I want my first album to be bring the listeners several different sounds.
Never Better.
Guns 'N' Pancakes
I'm so excited about watching this John Adams miniseries but hey that's not John Adams that's Paul Giamatti :
depends, so far TT is our QB but hell if Peyton takes us to the Superbowl then I'm happy!
Eli on SNL...Peyton was better....
stooping season officially starts march 22nd
is 1/2 burpee without the kickbacks?
cause i can get behind the squats with the jumps.
Boys cum an go'!!
But friends stand by your side no matter wut'!!
my soft and bouncy hair
i am
Come on
I want some stew and cornbread...
THAT WAS PERFECTION.
Gov says adding 105 million to Vikings' stadium bill can be undone in conf comm if it gets through Senate.
need 4 more followers ppl follow me the 4 ppl that follow me will get a shout out
Doesn't it suck when u have to train a new employee and they barely know how 2 use a computer.
I'm thinkn how did u make it this far?
Smh
NP: My Head Is an Animal by These guys definitely have a good thing going on!
Feeling great, time for another productive day!!!
the fourth person tonight to tell me this...
I'm watching Alto Saxophone Woodshed: Aaron Fletcher  Khari Allen Lee at New Orleans Jazz Festival 2012
Austin Mahone is my inspiration.
Don't like it?
Sorry bout cha
i hope there is another cruise.
i will not miss that boat.
how have u been?
life is good i hope.
it would have to be Gay  Conley.
I'd do it.
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 followers.
Don't forget to shop today!
fashion followMONDAY 6
bootcamps R terrible 4 new mommies w/ so many planks that allow gravity to widen their diastasis...
How I'd love to present...
Something GF and delicious rolling out soon!
Can you please email w/your contact info?
I'll rerecord it some time.
Hey it's BK, What is your fave Clint Eastwood movie?
On this day 1993 Clint Eastwood won his first Oscar for directing the Unforgiven.
Tomorrow, the Lions will trade up to doctorft Janoris Jenkins.
Tonight...it's spread love the Hermosa way!!
i would be interested in knowing more about your business curriculum review.
our's is sadly lacking sustenance.
I dont trust people very easily.
So when I tell you that I trust you, please dont make me regret it.
I made chocolate covered bananas, takes me back to disneyland!
Shutout to my favorite singer being on FULLCOURTLIFE love u
IT snowed last night.
Pow for now!!!!!
Would've like to have seen tonight.
Need to retire so don't have to worry about work next AM.
Go away, Headache!
Felt like it to me, too, for a while there.
Looking forward to seeing you in a couple of weeks!
Hopefully I will be going to the Mark Bradford show soon, if I don't see his stuff in person soon I'm gonna slit my wrists.
it's safe to say I am very excited for this doctorft.
bills don't let us down.
Almost ran 2.5 miles tonight, but I prob would have only run half that, if it wasn't for RunningBuddy MyNieceIsAwesome :
Cramps Gone.
Officially In The Best Mood EVER!
Can't Wait To See My Friends Thursdaii; Especially, Kalyn  Dawn  All My 8th Grade Buddies
If it's going to be this gray, it should snow.
Otherwise, sunshine I say!
Paid  95 for this weave plus tax bow lol
So Rio is out
Goodmorning!
...
from Vegas
hey mahomies.
let's get WE LOVE MAMA MAHONE trending.
support333
sending now follow me back
haha you here all weekend?
Do not eat whiskeysoaked coffee cake for breakfast.
Thanks!
I hope Shooting Star is going well, and I can't wait to see it.
Now running a special on Head Shots.
Follow us on Facebook to see our Ad.
www.Facebook.com/david.constantephoto
well when you're in Charlotte I'll take you!
A literary man is a dull man,a man who is solely a man of business is a selfish man,but mix literature and commerce, A Respectable Man is He
Wishing you all a great nite that's free of the nword being hurled at you  whether through films/movies or music.
Keep it at bay and away!
Its surprising to say the least.
I was hoping for a CB, maybe even Jenkins.
Our DBs can't cover anyone.
better, cheaper, more efficient types of existing products won medical device awards: nothing new: is this trend continuing?
should it?
Topshop in NYC, seriously I can't get enough of it.
And Topman.
Because Erik is a righteous dude!
I thought of you instantly.
xo how's the jackhammering?
hey weirdo :D
: I'm on the field in Tiger Stadium, Tigers!
Where are you?
in the chancellors box!
damn this math hw is kinda of hard tonight
Just called Dad to wish him a Happy Father's Day.
Outlaw Nation has a show on 311 Cruise!!!!!
: Strawberries with lemon zest, lemon juice  raw coconut sugar.
DAY 7.
I'm inspired
Break up the banks!
GEORGE WAS INDEED A LEGEND......!!
This Saturday meet us out at Cars  Coffee Las Vegas on Eastern and Richmar in Green Valley to unveil the all new 3 series sedan!
Watching the double hope it's a good movie....
RT : Out of all 4 pro sports, what team has a man with a cane in its team logo?
Celtics
?The only real disability in life is a bad attitude
And be below .500 while doing it
Expecting the world to be nice to you b/c you're nice is like expecting a bull not to charge you b/c you're a vegetarian.
actually.
Ya.
Im cool with that.
He is pretty fly.
My light blue shamballa has got jacked 4 times in one day
Your right...
KANSAS ROCKS!!!
idk ha it's all of them!
But I see your going to bed so night!:
..keep ya hands off me bro!
lol
hey what's up!
Thanks for the follow back.
How are you doing?
My team good, we don't really need a mascot.
look on here i posted it on my page all my recent ones
I don't know are you?
Xx
np They call me Richard...
this song is beautiful !!!!!
I was at Bushy's last night and confirmed the shakejuntgraffiti was still on
Did you guys hit captainin EO???
And more meetings.
Lots and lots of meetings.
:
Let's see what we can do.
Maybe via email?
Not all MJPers on Twitter
Awakened by the quake.
Ugh.
I should have started this a long time ago.
Catching up on 6 years of twitter is so much work.
That was fun
Refuse to watch EC nationalchampionship.
Now both teams won.
So it's still not decided.
Best of 3, playoffs, or boycott.
whodosntliketoraceoldladys raced an old lady onto line because she tryed to cut me off yep thats how i role WINNER!!!!!
Hi Jessica!
Been a while.
Hope you're well and getting ready for the weekend!
Can anyone recommend an online collaboration/communication/feedback tool similar to Spigit that isn't Spigit?
who knows but the thoughts what counts no I got u homie
Lls RT : Would you watch Real Housewives of DC?
thomas playing with me ugh..
How about the dobro?
It's a a lot country and a little bit rock n' roll.
If a nigga call and be on some BS but the day before aint say shit about nothing, then jump on twitter to talk shit dont make u hard or cool
New song going up in 5.
Anytime.
Let's party
I need a beer.
Starting a tab of beers I need to have after the baby is born.
Day 4 of cma fest :sad for it to be over, my body is ready for it 2 be over blisters all over my feet.
Happy bday to chris young!
it's hard for me to fly with the eagles when I'm surrounded by turkeys.
Hoodies, Skittles  Sweet T: I Don't Defend My Life; I'm On Offense
Gonna go hoop at Mu Rec center for the first time in between classes
THE END OF AN ERA MAKE IT!
H VS HBK VS UNDERTAKE
Diablo 3's best new feature: the insanely streamlined multiplayer experience.
Future games should absolutely steal this.
I want an application or someone to text 24/7..
How much do you love our Romagna Calzone?!
Loaded with pepperoni, salami, sausage, mozzarella, provalone, ricotta, and arrabiata sauce.
Sex on television can't hurt you unless you fall off.
Author Unknown
Israel and Israelis are NOT cruel.
They want peace and will make peace when there is an END TO TERRORISM.
Arabs/Jews are brothers!!
Haters are like crickets.
Crickets make a lot of noise, you hear it but you can't see them.
Then right when you walk by them, they're quiet.
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
8
I named my laptop the Maltese Falcon.
More or less nerdy?
The greatest value in life is NOT what we get, the greatest value is what we become  The Legendary Jim Rohn
woo what a day!
i need a cup of coffee and netflix xD
Alright mom.
No gift for you sunday
you brought this wave on, didn't you?
Funny watching kids get excited about the ice cream truck.
It's all about the little things.
Stupid, Repetitive Tasks 
Working on a video project for one of our artists...
We'll let you know more soon!
Lets take these bad chemistry jokes and barium.
Sometimes you have to reacquaint yourself with the written word.
Like there's too many for you to peg down in any order.
call 8669994936 to access live IP Security Camera Demo's.
: They should make condoms that change color when they come in contact with STDs.
makes so much sense
Nigga go home and fuck your emotions.
hi alice.
Job hunting/interviewing is SO similar to dating.
Who is your favorite musical artist?
Hey new followers!
How are you all today?
Be sure to follow my personal twitter as well!
Exactly!
has forgotten the swiftboating of Kerry and the hysteria over George Soros the socialist!
If you break a sweat cleaning your room, you know you probably need to clean it more often.
Vinny's laugh .
that is all .
oh my gosh.
Greatest idea ever!
Today is going to be gorgeous!
I had a rough morning but hopefully the beach will make up for it :
I'm Fed up with trying to make you mine..:
I hear Michael Johnson is interning at 58.
When you say that we must go to the movies real soon right after I told you I don't have a bf makes me not wanna go anywhere with you 
Q6 One where the learner can make lots of mistakes along the way.
lol who was the other person ik who tommy is but idk the other kid is
You're welcome!
:D Ah doctorgon!!
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, It is about learning to dance in the rain
I am so thankful I was blessed with wide shoulders.
Especially nice when flying on regional jets
The rationale is based on balance, but in practice, it's about increasing tough choices that don't serve users well.
Fell asleep last night w/out eating dinner.
Not only am I StarvinLikeMarvin, but I feel weak too...
I hate whn people say u cant b addicted to weed too.
So, what are you putting in your kayak?
Me, myself, and a GPS unit.
Why do you ask?
The last guy was using his to collect rat bodies.
About 2 go c THE AVENGERS  12:00 tonight!
Follow our Coach Justine!!
RT if you think im amazing at editing pictures :
Two for one breads AND morning buns at clasen's!
Go!
Now!
yess lets all go!
Why are you so serious.....
Well, that is staggering and in some way hilarious.
Wow, Brewers making headlines all night
he said that xD it was hilarious
Looking for someone to video an upcoming event.
Know someone?
DM me!
Decided on the Spy Museum.
Whole thing felt like it was plagurized from a history Chanel special.
Now back to the hotel.
I love Hollie's voice...
when is the next meeting?
RT : Oh you know, I'm over here raging because the triforce appears on Links RIGHT hand...instead of his left..
so easy...
the app is now 100 completely free.....because we love you.
has a bleach high....
How is this bullpen Valentine's fault?
Seriously people
So happy that I'm finally finished with classes for the year.
Now, bring on the finals.
It's TIME.
JETS Jets Jets Jets
So tired.
Im seriously about to fall asleep at work.
Absolutely!
Giants have a home game that night, but Sport Management has their own reception prior to the ceremony if you can make it
Lynn Zentner from NCN gives list of success criteria for HUBs, VREs, science gateways, and such from nanohub experience
The original is better!
Saw my future husbands today 3
come on u dnt know if the person has been hit by a bus dnt be mad!
MSU AD Mark Hollis in statement: Coach Izzo is more than a basketball coach.
He positively impacts everything he touches.
anyone interested in beginning a conversation via a new hashtag gradeschat ?
He's one of the biggest reasons I'm even in med School!!
I even wrote about him in my personal statement!
please follow back!!
ur awesome :D 
that seems to be the consensus!
Your work is very important.
We are very careful where we get our herbs because we worry how they are being harvested.
Behind every successful man is his woman.
Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
someone is trying to ask something I don't understand ...
ugh.
what is the point I am missing?.
haha i'm sure it's not the worst city in the world!
For real?
In Hendersonville?
Why aren't you here man?!
Was almost murdered by a Brobdingnagian Oriental carpet roll, but saved myself with my catlike reflexes!
doctornking some kick ass moonshine haha
I want Aaron to chop my throat but in a different way 
Thanks for following and for the RT.
Perhaps we'll meet you this afternoon?
She still on dat bro.
The Hunger Games: too violent for childoctorn?: Some parents have taken their childoctorn out of screenings of The Hun..
FOZZY of course!!!!
Today's first interview done.
Back to the Sourheast branch for more.
In need of books on Narratives, everything really please send me links or an email
When you feel so tired but you can't sleep.
When you love someone but it goes to waste.
when r u able so skype me curz i wanna see ur purtty face!
lolol
Those moments that take your breath away....are the most wonderful to experience!!!
oh god
thanks for sharing.
Mention this post and get 10 off of my jewelry tonight at the RE show at the Calvin Center!!
First tweet from my iPad : so awesome
Who's going to see the this Friday?
Have you seen them before?
Consumers Pare Purchases; Focus On Healthful Foods  PerishableNews
hey hey just working hbu?
Randolph County Record  Muncie Star Press
My boyfriend doesnt let me eat at school, so naturally when I come home I eat everything in site  summer is in 44 days.
Uh...
Patrick Hornbeck previewing Latin Works of John Wyclif, digital resource on Wyclif with searchable translations
More dirty socks than Carter has pills.
Kathy White yuck.
I tweeted to Jimmy Carter!
Now I am going back to sleep.
Good night Moon.
Ha!
I'm fine with that.
Maybe next year I'll be there.
Now the tweets  book will have to do.
Tomorrows my last day in hell for a while 
Well BGC8 ova so I'm fina showa and go to sleep
thank you .
Um...you get your revenge by making your wife watch a chick flick?
Eddie Redmayne is so hot.
I am going to use some of these tips.
Plan to go to Vegas next month for a few days and the prices so far are outrageous!!
If happy ever after did exist I would still be holding you like this 3
Picked up case of wine I ordered today.
Picking up amom on Thursday.
Coincidence?
I think not.
take it off!
QuestionsThatDontGetAnswers are you a virgin?
Answer: thats private BXTCH is a yes or no question lol
I got ya real fan, When ya SNICKS get that cloud off that's been chasing them of losing streaks then talk again
Want a shout out for your little student?
My Roll Call Forecast is coming up on First name, please!
I got instantly hooked to and music and I LIKE IT!!!!
I have never seen an entire state rally around a unibrow...until now
doctorving the night away!
Florida is getting closer!
Just two more states!
Happy Monday morning Twitter!
hey Steve, good morning, when you pick the next winner, I don't care how it's spelled it's pronounced Mike Hart.
Have a great day!
culture is our operating system
Going to Miss Cover Girl practice tommorow!!: Can't wait3
Omg I was about to sleep but strange sex became trending.
Seattle Sorbets is on this Mango Sunset today.
Norv Turner not a happy camper
FollowFriday The Mayweathers, in good times and bad, the 1st family of boxing:
Thank You!
Now that's a good idea!
Lol :
Ouch: Reading my MayDay tweets, I see I'm out of practice taking photos  live tweeting while running backwards in a crowd.
does anyone use an internet service other than ?
Looking to change providers due to account mixups and poor customer service.
Rocked my audition today!
Holla!
Does your business require LANGUAGE TUITION, INTERPRETING or TRANSLATIONS?
Call Brigitte at Languages For Life Ltd on: 01476 594154
who the fuck asks people to do that tho.
no...
I'm I supposed to do it again??
Shawn should get kicked out of the Chicago area until the playoffs are over lol
Roundtable: Samesex marriage, Doug Manchester, Props A  B

meim busy ignoring you
Thank you so much.
I was looking for advice on investors, and your tweet help alot.
Thnks So Much.
Who's trying to make a road trip to htown?
Let's do it!
Forget about it
Yes have email  home, but can't access at work freely  have to use 'quota time'.
Will text you that email  check in between
That must have been your worst nightmare.
RT : My kids are terrified of Hink, 's mascot.
Free concert....MYSTIC SOUL  The Reggae Force Band  Hollywood Beach Bandstand  Johnson St.
the Boardwalk, Florida 8/26/11 7:30  9PM.
welcome happybirthdayjboogz.
I'm putting in everything I have to say haha
No idea where I will end up tongiht to watch the game, but whereever it is, LETS GO PENS!
Vegas was so hot for the PGA Expo, glad to be out of the desert!
Apparently somebody out there is making very bad rumors about me.
I should probably click on the link to find out.
Yeah!!!!
WARREN WOLF hits the street today w/  Greg Hutchinson.
Make sure you get urs
Good Morning and welcome new followers!
Hello and great day to all of you!
:.....COFFEE TIME!
Ok Phil time to addoctorss the oline Jay needs time to find Jeffery and B marsh.
Cuddyer agrees to threeyear deal with Rockies
Hey Nicole!
I'm so excited to meet you in July!
:  I look forward to hearing about how your year is going as Miss DE Int'l!
Rocky Twyman, Capitol Hill prayer warrior, urging Obama to have a bipartisan bone marrow doctorve.
u and Victoria are sitting near me on the bus !
Das it
Can't decide where to eat tonite?
Dine w/us and support a new Vilas Zoo Animal Health Center  we're donating 15 of today's sales.
yeah bitch, yeah bitch, call me steveo .
Missed hanging out wit her :
Happy New Year!
Our students are back, and working hard on their Practicum website projects.
2012 is starting off well.
One reason not to be a DC/VA resident is that I'm not eligible to stay in HI hostel...
: Next time I will be a Missouri resident
Just returned 127.17 to the store and an hour later bought 127.17 worth of other crap
Where are you?
Fuck bitches , get money .
Fuck bitches , get money ;
Crazy good!
When someone comes into your life.
God send them for a reason, either to learn from them or to be with them till the end.
An hour before 2:30  I already have that 2:30 feeling
bahaha if she wasn't grinding then she wouldn't have lost them.
You will hear a great NEWS about our project Bricks Of Hope soon,,,,Stay tuned!!!
We'll be reaching out to let people know you represent the future of
Soo beat from lax conditioning
challenge accepted
BREAKING: Per CNN: George Zimmerman has retained Mark O'Mara as attorney and voluntarily turned himself in.
Guess what?
Not happening.
i am so following on twitter!!
twitter just got awesomer:
If you can't stand your gf/bf but you stay with them bc you love them YOU DON'T, stop being selfish and move on.
all the respect in the world to peeps that edit video on the daily.
holy cats, I'm going crazy
Never stop Hustling that's what it's all about.
I finally spent some time on this Twitter...
And we'll really live it up when The Wizards win the cup
: LET THE REFs ref ok .
I hate games where players try to call the game .
flailing arms everywhere Welcome to Pats football.
Have you read your Facebook Page recommendations recently?
How can your business or org use these customer testimonials?
The first time I went to Five Guys my uncle instead of pronouncing it right he said Five Gays lol
Our latest fine art print arrives this Thursday.
Prepare your space :
my boyfriend is 15 hours away....where are my friends to keep my mind off that ?
:/
Did anyone just hear jonGruden on MNF???
Hey, Scott.
Are you a gear nerd?
I'm not, but you might want to check out my old pal on Instagram.
Great stuff.
Going to moderate panel at Duquesne Entrepreneur conferenceshould be great!
Lesson learned, No one likes a liar...
They only like good liars.
RT : Guys who don't have respect for women who are quite frankly way too good for them to begin with
Throwin' it out there.
Went to see Korn tonight.
pretty sure I'm over n done w/Em.
Some things don't stand the test of time
The position of the artist is humble.
He is essentially a channel.
Piet Mondoctoran
it's still the same number!
I sold today for 2 hrs...yet none of my targets perceived it that way.
They perceived value.
i would like to work on your web presence in exchange for an hour of airtime
I could TOTALLY go for a hot pocket right now!
RT : hot pockets.
They're good for thy soul.

Good luck whereever you go.
You will do well!
Awesome  love it too!
Just saw the convo with them!
cube I don't see u down there next to Jack wats gud?
It's a great plan, obvs.
not even !
just realized one of my friends looks exactly like cameron hurley .
Trying to get my film ready for the next year...Can't wait!!
HMONG  AMERICAN: FROM REFUGEES TO CITIZENS exploring issues of gender, sexual orientation, art, language, religion.
Can I just leave my face at home...
Or no.
Agreed!
RT My breaks are not long enough SMH
thank you
YouShouldNeverTrust somebody that talks about others when they aren't around yet smile in their face
See, you get it.
and I ain't going home solo cause I lean like a cholo
what?
I am talking about that little prompter knob thingy
We're open until 12:30 PM today.
Plenty of time for you to join us for lunch.
Maybe have a handful of sweet potato fries.
M.
Yea!!
is hosting the Oscars!!
He should do it every year.
He's the best there ever was!
:
Always interesting: Google Shutting Down Buzz and 4 Other Services
As a professorssional musician who relies on my ears I can safely say that I'm 99 sure a slur was used.Shocked when I heard tape.
Have the FINEST time!
Hello Alabama!!!
LongestdoctorveEver Thankfully mister D likes to doctorve :D
3 Days Down...
647 To Go.
I'm Gonna Go Insane.
Lately life has been a blur.
Wonder what power 96 was like 10 years ago.must of been better
true.
But I don't see it.
Not at all.
TentCity was epic tonight!
I like the website redesign just noticed it.
Pleasing and well done.
Felix Gomex Trio plays tonight at !
The Streets
One step at a time...
The Data Shark is still circling...Let us help you dispose of your confidential information with 20 off shredding till the end of April.
I guess that would make you twice as hot as you already are, considering Orlando is in the high 70s today.
NP Take The Box by Amy Winehouse.
This virtual meeting wouldn't be nearly as fun were I not attending from my kitchen.
Yes, Baby girl...
I was at Target off 635 and Montfort years ago and they were all over the parking lot looking for food.
NASTY!
Thx for following.
Check or pass on if interested: free soc skills d/loads for kids with ASD.
you for the North County event!
Hoping for more like this one; enjoyed  always a great host!
Told you 21!
Told you to change the bet bruv
clipping my nails
lovee you !
miss you and cant wait to see you over xmas breakk!
shitshoww time
call it a coincidence, we have the same laptop!
RT : BREAKING: Mitt Romney Celebrates National Kick a Blind Kid in the Nuts Day
RT The French Horn is easily the sluttiest of all musical instruments.
It's the only one you .
.
.
.
all at the same time.
Congrats on the seed moneyyou guys have a fantastic idea, definitely one to watch.
Awww RT Among loci of fatherson bonding memories, the humble barber shop is an unassuming massive overachiever.
Ha, I do stuff other then sit there, according to Claire.
Good, at least one good thing came out of that tweet.
OUR FIRST STOP IS IN BOGOTA!
In Vancouver at AFPmeet!
With
Stuck in the north?
Some of us like it up here...
The link is now on for story on fashion.
Kbj in the studio recording working my skinny Black ass off.
Thank God music safe my life.
and itunes are warring over my ipod, eventually one of them is just going to nuke it from orbit just to be sure
howd you start acting and at what age?xo
Talk is cheap with word you can't keep.
Follow true supporter of the DMV music movement.
PeerPressure /via
i thought alleigh was helping you too
john cena i think u r a awesome wrestler and when u vs the rock the only person that is going to bring it is u cena!
Don't like gay marriage?
Well shit, good thing you don't have to get one!
This is Dan.
Dan is a Baboon.
Read, Dan, Read  Chicago Tribune
Interesting.
Magic Johnson says Mike Brown to be fired if Lakers lose tonight.
Jeanie Buss says Phil Jackson wants to coach again.....
Hey I really want to start putting covers of songs on iTunes and maybe get a manager.
You are an inspiration to me and I love to sing.
The closest place to get internet at Flagler is a bar.
It's like a photographer paradise!
Austin,tx tonight.
I'll be at the Geisha room.
5th n Congress..
10pm.
Tonight on OutdoorWisconsin, Dan visits Pantheon HOMEGROWN Farms to learn about its programs for adults with disabilities.
On MPTV 10 at 8.
the spotify station 
When cancer is found early, 90 survive!
Stage one is the cure!
Lets see 2 guys and a girl....I think all they need is a pizza place and they're on ABC circa 2000
Ha!
I missed you by less 4 hours.
Stopped there on our way back to DC.
who farted?
Thanks dude
True for entrepreneurs too!
RT : If everything seems under control, youre just not going fast enough.
Mario Andoctortti
thanks for listening!
MT : I'm sick of hearing GOP tell me the wealthiest nation in the world can't afford
Oh man, I'm pretty sure chicken soup is better and more effective than tylenol.
S/O to for his commitment to South Dakota St.
This kid can shoot from anywhere and can jump out of the gym!
Congrats young man!
Childoctorn who are autistic are just different, in the sense that they just learn things differently.
America, America, God shed His grace on thee.
And crown thy good, with brotherhood, from sea to shining sea.
Especially when they auto play 2 videos and a whack a song at the same time.
YES RT : Starbucks Via instant coffee is THE BEST coffee for making iced coffee at home.
Hands down...
Just letting you know.
:
If would have lost last night, none of these Tweets would be happening.
He is just like Heat fans.
Disappear during losses!!!
Early Medieval Europe understood such concepts which became alien to later Enlightened, people.
The west lost the mystical called it East
So proud.
Thanks, Doppler Bob!
just make sure the bike has a kickstand okay?
you're cray cray and I LOVE you!
Playoff hockey for the Amerks.
Did you ever notice when you blow in a dog's face he gets mad at you?
But when you take him in a car he sticks his head out the window.
I need some good British comedies to check out.
Have any suggestions?
sitting here doctornking my morning coffee and watching all these people jog around my neighborhood.
I must of missed the memo...
thanks!!
i will try that recipe!
sounds delicious!
RT : Take a look at our Thanksgiving Recipes from top food bloggers!
What do you enjoying preparing or cooking the...
fuck what you heard, its what you hearing!
RT if your a mahomie :D
Why can't I fall asleep?!
Oh yeah, because my mind is racing.
That's why.
can't wait to have everyone here
Thank you for the FF!
Have a great weekend!
Especially amazing considering I've been a perennial sports Scrooge for over 3 decades.
I need no ocassion.
.
.
I do it big err day err day lol.
Well it sounds delicious.
I'm Too Happy Right Now, Next Week Will Make Me Happier!!!
Great!
: YAY!
Tammy Duckworth has won the Democratic primary in IL08.
Congratulations !
why2012
HUGE CONGRATS to who was just awarded tenure at Occidental College!!
Yayyyy!!
Check out science of Iv7 at www.sandibailey.iv7direct.com 1st EPA approved germ defense in 30 yrs; Antibacterial, antifungal, antiviral.
Today in 1998, Brandy hits 19 in the UK with 'Never SAY Never'.
Something seriously wrong how people can hate their party's candidate,  still say that it's a 100 times better than the other party's guy.
A 21st century problem...watch tv, listen to my ipod, or play ps3...screw it, I'm watching Thundercats!
I'm doing Good.
What have you been up Too?
ok that's a fucking great name for a bloody.
What's it got for a garnish?
a lobster head?
I can already tell its gonna be another SLEEPLESS Night :p the thunder and lighting is starting up strong :/ this means i cant be online:
Yay!
You should do it!
you're cheese
I used to think that my spirit animal was the deer.
But now I'm pretty damn positive that it's the highland cow.
The Skywalk at Shiodome in Tokyo is awesome!
futuristic  what the Highline wants to be
Ewe!
Be careful!
RT : RT : We are here at the W Austin on DodgeDartdoctorve Motorama LIVE participants sharing our 1st doctorve...
Welcome to twitter world.Best way to do business and stay in touch.
Everytime I look up, there is somebody different staring at me...
so...who wants to write this paper for me?
12 Days of Celebmas: Celebrity Marriages of 2011 On the seventh day of Celebmas, Celebuzz gave to me .
.
.
seven stars amar
Newspaper capped Gold in the Journalism Olympics, and now time for AVENGERS.
good day is good.
i might need to reevaluate my predication after only 2 games?
Rough start.
It's been a while nice seeing you too!!!
AH SNAP!
I think bro...was he wearing them?
Hedi Slimane PDC is so incredible.
Plus, the projected loop of photos had a backing score by No Age and Ariel Pink.
A
i cannot win this.
i quit
: Never play leap frog with a unicorn Lmao
that mean nothing lol
You can blame the Founding Fathers for a lot of things, but you can't blame us for the Kardashians.
Advocates Cam Weaver  Gordie Guist are speaking about research participation at the Maine APDA annual Parkinson's symposium
wssmiami Systemize your business so someone else can come in and running.
Jody Johnson
n'aww.
make sure you kill him before he kills you then XD
Start making your plans for this Thursday's ride!
It might be the last of the season  it's going to be mid 70s and sunny!
You gotta come!
You could of invited me in for a cup of coffee at least!
It's tough going door to door.
ThrowBackSongs I'm Inlove With A Stripper by TPain
If it were up to me I'd just post the one tweet introducing you all to the products.
we will miss you but that is exciting!!
Workforce: HR needs help in engaging creatives.
But if success with one company, then it can go viral.
please let me know what two big fish are out there
Phone dying!
Ill c yal whenever.
;
haha yeah.
Some picture right?
We always blame society, but we never stop to realize, we are society.
Its already been a year?
damn..
seems like yesterday the nado hit..
Glad has a new book.
The Other Normals takes on DD harperfallpreview out in Oct but I have an ARC
wow!
congratulations!
N da car bagn the purple tape s/o to
doctorw Brees, amazing!
Please start talking about him in the same breath as Favre and Manning.
That image of he and his 1 year old  memorable
Meant to say current and FUTURE authors.
Former authors welcome, too, of course!
Congratulations to Bulls on another great win against Pacers!
Forget the win, I just want us to score a run!
YOU GOT THEM BANDS SO GO AHEAD..SHOP JUST FOR YOUR MAMA!!!!!..NOT YOU!...
Hearing a helicopter around Station North for a while now...
Spring Obey hit the shop today stay tuned for photos!
that's so close to me!
If I didn't have this midterm I'd come hang!!
Let's hang soon, tho!!
Can't wait for you to join us!
RT Exciting news: I got a new job!
I will be new Marketing  Communications Coordinator
happy birthday shortie
I seriously can't wait until summer.
Catching up with friends and spending time with the ones I love is only one week away!
The day had arrived for game day is here
Over the river and..
is now the theme song to my life.
Back to Cambridge!
Thanks for the tip about Renaissance Soul.
I put it on my wish list immediately!
i shoulda went to the game...
use my pic for your next cover
Well done is better than well said.
Its going to be weird still checking Facebook when Im 70.
literal bricks
Sleep?
Whats that?
Lol : No sleep comes to a hard worker
DK please get back together before the 5 of u girls make a fool out of yourselves destroy the little bit of pieces that was once ur career.
We also need sponsors Milwaukee!
If your business would like to sponsor a television show about Milwaukee Music:
I know, agents/editors are probably on it already.
Yuck.
I know that is one book I will never read.
Off to Easton to talk bag bill with MD
yo I gotta 2 bedoctorom 1and 1/2 bath two story in middle of no where Rockhold KY 84000!
ha need to buy nkotb tickets for wife
okay, thanks for answering!
I wish it would be summer ALL YEAR LONG!
IT'S SO FINE TO BE RUNNING AROUND WITH SHORTS ON ALL YEAR!!!
love you wifey
Just order it!
:
Lacrosse is the sexiest sport and played by the sexiest people
Be sure to follow fall 2011 artists: ...
RT : Share generously.
Value in creators, but also value in connectors.
Don't keep tally of help given.
Always give.
I such do that...
Learn english
Welcome to the teamPSE family !
Stop by inside to check out some FAB MP original art!
9pm
we just do it for fun
Live plants are not necessary for fish but make best looking tanks.
Aquarium plants  gardens  require care and trimming.
: You ladies were fantastic at tonight's championship rally!
Great job!
You were all as gorgeous as ever!
THANK YOU!
people still use the term cakin for talking on the phone??
Oh
I love my life.
haha im joking!
i would never take a girl to mcdonalds......on the first date.
Looking at a couple of histories of The Royal Society created 350 years ago.
So many books so little time!
Huge house fire on the 500 blk of point springs, NW BEXAR CO.
What are your thoughts on TUFLive ??
Awkward format.
I'm addicted to doctorw Something...
I'm feeling adventurous tonight
...and if you don't have any gay friends that's just weird.
The ghey is ubiquitous!
And you should be able to make friends with any good ppl
Just here...
Chilling...
Tweet me
Freaking out
hehehe yes we kiss squirrels!
you're too sweet.
Thanks so much dear!
WANT TO GO TO THE WINTER GAMES IN VANCUVER?
CHECK OUT OUR OLYMPIC RAFFLE HERE www.denversports.org
Storebought Knock Around Susan cookies  My Specialty!
Thanks.
Hope so too.
I told my sister I love lee taemin more than her, so she said  I hate yo bitch ass LOOOL.
today's to do list: coffee, job 1, job 2, spa appointment.
it will all be worth it.
Awesome!!
Eating supper!!
who fight saturday?
I can get it over here
tylerthecreator I mean who are you?
You fucking suck man go home to mom and live it up becuz thatz the last award Ur getting.
I'm so happy I know about you and !
Believe it or not, you guys make me smile EVERYDAY.
Thank you.
Love you!3
After all that, they're still Candy.
Need to worry about getting of first weekend in the real tournament.
The best part about Friday morning is plotting your outfits for the weekend.
What are you ladies and gentlemen thinking for the weekend?
Congrats to Judith Light on her Tony Nomination for 'Best Performance by an Actress in a Featured Role in a Play'!
we got caught up in some stuff...
We're gonna come 2mar
We are so accustomed to disguise ourselves 2 others that in the end we become disguised to ourselves
quotes You have to put in many, many, many tiny efforts that nobody sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile.
If I was at all decent at or interested in softball, I'd form an allbisexual softball team and name it the Switch Hitters.
Kman has gotten to the point where he won't let mister.
GL get him out of bed without a hassle
: Spurs going to run a damn train on the Clippers  !!!!
why thank you!
flash website?
Boo..
I know.
It's stupid, the flash.
I haven't come up with a suitable alternative; ie.
new website.
Just tweeted to the UW leaders conference about what we heard from community on their aspirations.
Send us your ideas and we'll share
haha I need to grab MADISON
I never thought about it either.
Kind of scary  have bookmarked for further study.
TKS, !
Had a great time with and the rest of the Piper's World crew!
This movie is gonna ROCK!
no problem miss :

I think its ridiculous that I let myself treat everyone else like they the ones who did it to me.
Well I had a great day off.
I worked out at the gym.
Zumba ckass was awesome,
Derry: A borough of northwest Northern Ireland, or what you type when aiming for sweet with your left hand fingers one key off :
Join the all Exclusive Class For Ladies Only!
Take a Ladies Styling and Technique Class Every Tuesday Night at Just Dance Studio 7pm.
If the Mavs aren't going to care about this series then I guess won't either
doctorving in a downpour is one thing.
Add idiot Greensboro doctorvers to the mix...
And I could pop off at someone right now!!
Not always.opendata  panacea 4 fixing public/government civic engagement pipeline.
Apps R often band aids 4 bad gov tech.
Don't you hate when a conference speaker asks, Is there anybody here who doesn't know about ?
HAH.
You're lying cause they filmed it in February :P
JOHNNY FUCKING STOKES FOLLOWS ME AND  REPLIES ME ON MY NEW TWITTER :D and he replies me first.
i win.
Turned on TV this morning which was tuned to SciFi channel and this infomercial for magicJack was on.
Pretty amusing.
smuggling with my kitty is my fave past time!
Today in Blues History: Nov 4, 1977 The Band's Last Waltz premiering in NYC featured performance by Muddy Waters
CNNTrayvon shld think 2 ask Black fathers, themselves victimized by these concerns, how they prepare their sons for the same experience!
Sigh of relief as Brewers see ticket sales rebound.
Would have been nice to be oblivious to this whole thing.
IM SINGLE CUZ I REFUSE TO PUT UP WITH BULLSHIT!
Victor Perlman: universal does not automatically equal free; access doesn't equal use.
Real or Not Real?
BRRRRRRR!
it be frosty in the OKC!
bunkered down and watching bo diddley video : see you at VZDs this Fri 2/4 w/ Planets Align
I wanna be a lost boy.
Everything is targeted to the 1834 demo...Mark Pedowitz
: Bismack Biyombo, great game, finally.
Boris Diaw, bad game, predictably.
When blending fruits  veggies, secret to best doctornk is ADD 1/2 c water  46oz yogurt if possible!
Also use SOME ice or frozen ingredients!
Chinatown haircut was a total success.
Not much else in NYC I'll ever find for 4.
Runyon's done now time to hit the weights!!
I think Ima go back to sleep for awhille before I have to go to work
I bet you can't wait.
What was it?
loves everything about his wife: her hair, her style, the loves she gives  her smile.
She is truly the love of my life!
We need to have a slap a tcot gop conservative day  anyone who calls themselves a gop deserves to get a slap.
Thanks for the follow !
Happy Friday!
you spelled it wrong?
Lol
haha thanks bud
Sorry about misleading you.
Glad you got the book anyway and hope you like it.
Thanks for letting us know.
Nora, read that KIND OF BLUE was a good Michael Connelly readalike ewgc  Corwin is former LAPD
Follow our guitarist hes trying to get more followers than Chris.
:
ifyouknowmeyouknow That I got some mean MJ moves on the dancefloor
Another day another dollar
hahah I'll add u to list of ppl that will make that an excuse if lebron wins title...compact season he got stronger...
My moma gonna have the nerves to call me after she left me homealone , she asked me if I smell dead people??
Wtf MOM IM HOMEALONE  IM SCARY
Better be happy , I'm cleaning my entire apartment in anticipation of your arrival tomorrow.
Get excited!!!!
Ss can whittle the bust of a historical figure from a bar of soap  explain how history would change if weren't there!
I was right there with her!
went to the mound of bullshit that is the White House Correspondents Dinner
You can change the sync settings in iTunes to leave your phone loaded apps alone!
I can download apps from my phone or itunes
Gonna go out on a limb and say your new cover story will be one of your biggest.
Way to make Portland crap itself together!
My avatar looks like a female?
Are you serious?
haha how is that possible, I'm basically bald!
Sushanna Williams and me went out for a networking dinner and will have monthly meetings from now on...
NFL Network  ESPN in doctorft coverage
Just got the most amazing news !!
That's all I can say right now.
But I am honored, blessed and that's all I can say right now.
Is it just me, or is Paul MaCartney turning into Julie Andoctorws?
hey there sexy canuck!
I kinda like xrated Tat.
Ur beautiful and sexy!
Don't b afraid 2 show it!
Just my opinion.
No Matter What.....
You people are the best 1,415 people ever.
You should come see us live: AEthereal  Area 702 Indoor Skate Park w/ For The Foxes and...
What are some of your favorite ways to stay motivated during physical therapy?
RT : My belief is that the organizing session for thatcamp is a rite of passage for all new THATCampers.
Now you're in.
shiid it don't matter
Good morning Fam and God bless.
statefair grounds are scarier now than when they held the halloween haunted house.
: I don't want another nigga bitch no no no no sharing/!!!!
Vice versa doe
Holla!
My favorite tune right now lol
RT : awesome i won an nice award at  which award
It could.
Functionally it's a good feature.
The criticism stems from the increased strain on already bogged down networks.
Obama: Republican budget a Trojan horse, thinly veiled social Darwinism...a prescription for decline.
Come watch the State of the Union addoctorss at the brewpub.
We can at least agree it's awesome that the Obamas are brewing beer!
Happy anniversary to Harvard Sailing Team's very own  Have a time, you two!
xoxo
anyone still rent movies
I'm hungry
I'm thinkin I'm gonna warm up my : Sir Mikol Mode today
Two words: Rachelle Ferrell.
Why am I late to her phenomenal talent?!
Bunch: While culturalmuseums are of a particular culture, must also show that their history cast a greater shadow beyond their communities.
We try not to ask you guys to RT much, but please help us get the word out that we have an opening for a lead guitarist.
FOLLOW You will be happy you did!
RT Prototype to revenue stream: Reynolds Fellow starts multiple social journalism sites based on fellowship project ow.ly/62YiH
someone's gotta have your back.
Nick's got mine 3
that does sound like something both of you would do
Yummy!
We will be eating that meal for my 32 Birthday in South Beach in July!!!!!!
Oh, yeah!!!
Svr.
wx threat looks to stay south of WI with the weekend storm at this point.
bigger than guns, bigger than cigarettes.
Why does that happen
TGIF!
We are about to enjoy the first nice weekend in a while!
Happy Mother's Day and Fishing Opener!
Wake up with the !
Happy BDay!
Oh, and bring a fire extinguisher to the show ;
Amo a los Jonas ; .
PROBLEM ?
The one who invented the door knocker got a Nobell prize.
You are awesome.
Me too, easier to stay home.
Less doctorma.
!!Teen Hoot Artist contest!!
If your video has been posted on Youtube prior to April 22, it will not be approved for the contest.
Thanks for the follow, guys.
I love what you are doing with IndySphere for small businesses in Indy.
Love and electricity are one in the same, my dear.
If you do not feel the jolt
nigga i dont wanna talk to you.
why are you still tryin to get with me and asking my friend if you can talk to me?
says 50 kids to a classroom, no matter what their color, that's not going to work.
Your brain is 80 water.
This guy's really good.
Knows how to bring it.
He could be the next president.
/via
Darling,i love you more than you can imagine !
i love you i'm fine and you?
My heart is broken.
with Tracy and Thomas
Currently in the works: adding support for donations.
On deck after that: subscriptions  memberships.
Some Amazon parrots are cuddlier than others.
Most of it depends on how they are raised as a baby and how they've been treated since...
Check the date 2/12.
Only 1 week left for your State inspection!!!
GOOD MORNING GMA!!!
If TorontoFC doesn't win this series, I doubt I'll watch anymore of the CONCACAF Champions League.
oh my God!
I saw that on Facebook!
Heyo Gatsby, thanks for the shout out!
Catlan claims that the Greek chicken sharwarma is like a luxury taco!
I already know that's y I said I respect his grind!!
His music just tear me up inside!!!
I mean it hurts!!!!
Lol!!!
Bradie Ewing doctorfted by the Atlanta Falcons!!
Congrats Bradie!!
Yay!
I keep forgetting I'll see you so soon.
That makes me happy.
Our event at the HOSA competition didn't go so well.
No parkin' on the dance floor.
BeepBeep.
BeepBeep.
that's sad lmao
What a FAIL
The longer I look at that picture, the less I know what it's supposed to be.
If ur not born awesome, u will never be.
I'm awesome, and so is and
Getting ready for the show.
I have I more painting to do in less than one week!!!
Can he do it!!!?
Dang that's bold
Having a complete strategic picture of your strengths and weaknesses in the market is vital to
Planing a trip to new york
Yeah it's something all right
Tasting the Mission Bowling menu at the Noise Pop slash The Bold Italic event, and it's off the hook!
's the fan club is at
0.
I'm doing so badly.
3534 out of 4446.
yes!
I'm newly obsessed : Anyone on doctorwSomething wanna play?
:P
Women marry men hoping they will change.
Men marry women hoping they will not.
So each is inevitably disappointed.
cricket cricket Good thing you're pretty.
what ever arguing on twitter doesn't make y'all cool and shit duh thug bones...
Lol
Textbooks  passively listening to teachers are a thing of the past.
JeanClaude Brizard, CEO Chicago Public Schools
I'll get out of my pajamas.
oh yea lol just the 4x1.
We got 2nd
don't forget the Lauras :
That was my nephew that just caught the homerun with one hand at the Braves game!!
Any parties this weekend i can go to???
If I tweet about twitter, am I metatweeting?
Love it  congrats!
Endless storylines...
Waiting for the garbage truck to leave so I can record my VO audition!!!
Boo garbage truck!
Coffee shop  day care center.
The Zagat Survey of Washington, D.C., lists Firehook Bakery among its Top 10 Best Buys reflecting the best dining values in the survey.
I love
sorry misread it.
I do think the Broncos wanted no part of that circus
i will be watching
3 you inspire usRT : You guy's are mentioned in my 8th grade graduation speech 3
I doctorpped my laptop off the boat..
Its a dell rolling in the deep;3
thanks for the follow!
MCDM is a great program.
very true.
Still the best show on tv.
Dear Researcher, How do you occupy my reading room for 5 hours without leaving once to go to the bathroom or eat?
I just had the same 'oh crap' reaction.
Oh well.
Without my students I wouldn't be able to live this life that I love!
I'm grateful to get to share what I've learned so far.
she loves him!
TeamJef!
I always thought Reggie Bush was a type of weed.....
that means your fuckin with lames!
Most hybrid buyers don't buy another one, Polk study says Almost twothirds of U.S.
hybrid buyers returning to the market in 2011 chose s
I wear a PGA tournament style jacket and wear a leprechaun hat all night.
Gets ALL the ladies.
How have you been Sam
We've extended our Free crown moulding offer again.
Call us to take advantage of this great deal.
Free Crown Moulding installed in your home
Is it me or is M.
Millen talking about Luck like he's his agent?!
Great conversation on social media mc'd by right now.
He's a smart guy.
From Louisville.
Please do leave a review if you've read one my pieces either on Amazon, Barnes n Noble, Goodoctorads, Shelfari.
Thank you!
Indianapolis  we cater!
Our service is affordable, easy to carry out and Chef John can make food other than Italian.
Call us: 317.264.3585
Musical excerpt from Max Understood by Michael Rasbury.
sorry to hear AG, your family is in my thoughts today!
there are the Original people in this world.
Then there are the people that quote movies and TV shows.
I'm going to start quoting my own.
After last year I would hold out
Never really understood why people put hashtags on Facebook?
It's eleven and I'm not tired at all.
When did I get so hardcore?
Oh my God, this is insane.
I'm so pissed!
Missed a picture opportunity with Antoine Dobson watching himself in the bed intruder video.
He is the coolest dude.
just finished my last
North Carolina you better not disappoint tonight...hate to have the President revoke your statehood...
RT Hippie has an iPhone.
Doesn't that run counter to the ethos?
We should get something trending about cam and biebs!
War has made me very PARANOID!
and when you get to eyeballing me, makes my Agent Orange act up, makes me want to KILL!
Tammy got adopted yesterday!
She is a lucky greyhound!!
I will mix her
The hits keep coming today...
Gonna hit back.
Wiz get caught with weed it's a slap on the wrist anybody else get fucked over
Seeds hold through to the semis at the CAA Tournament.
doctorxel/ODU  VCU/Mason on Sunday.
Should be electric in the Richmond Coliseum Sun.
Jammin' to some ;; fckin' right.
Buy mom something that will grow all summer long, a heirloom plant!
Mother's Day Plant Sale 5/115/13
it's tremendous!
My house smells so bad!
foam rollers and ice baths.
definitely a romantic night for us last night
it's all sparkley!
purple.
:D
OH MY POTATO its so flackin hot out :/
SEPT 4TH IM GONNA BE AT LQ GIVING YOU THE BEST HOUSE, LATIN AND REGGAETON BEATS KNOWN TO MAN.
FREE ADMIN ALL NIGHT BIGGEST PARTY IN NYC.
Preparing now to catch Jon Bones Jones in the big UFC match tonite.
Sports Bar in Towson.
U there, come holla!
Pretty sure I tweeted about our game against Grant a couple times.
xP
One of my favorite things about softball, is praying while the anthem plays, gives Me and God a good moment to just talk.
Last flight of the yr w/ !
Tons of flights this yr with SouthwestAirlines!
I should be passenger of the year!
seriously!
Them middle school kids ratchet.
I think we should start a new trend and
There are a lot of people that I have met on the world wide web, who I hope, will never breed.
I'm rattled.
not very excited about the Bravo move.
I think he could be of more help for SKC than for Cruz Azul, both my teams :/
Im so happy to finally get this off the ground.
Stop trying to be something you are not and stick to being something you are..
Thank you Jesus for sending us Cody Zeller!
Its better to try and fail, then never have tried at all.
I know the square root of 69...it's 8.30662386.
Stevie wonder, Donnie Hathaway, Peabo Bryson, Brian McKnight, Dave Hollister, Joe, and a few others!
it depends on the project.
sometimes both.
Traffic...ugh.
I am so jealous of that dinner!
Looks like has made something delicious...AGAIN!
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.
I just realized my girl works at jimmy john's sanwiches.
youu worrying about dying or when the world ends
In Tuscon you can't wear pants?
Isn't that law unconstitutional?
Wade, LeBron  Co.
are about to get it in against the Pacers...
This is GREAT!
I want to RT but it won't let me.
Please enable your tweets to be retweeted!
What's up with that?
LOL
Im so happy That It did!
We see what you did there.
Favorited and RT'd.
: SZ
WHY CAN'T I SEND MMS AHSGAHFAJAFWJS D
you didn't forget you just didn't get up to give hunter the money lol
Arias hit by Guthrie in what looks like his left wrist.
He's leaving the game.
slide you the gun
Why, party last night
Success is getting what you want, and happiness is wanting what you get.
Dave Gardner
Oh my.
Kanye is here for
Cafeteria sushi was a terrible impulse decision this morning
if you like to cook, you should make this :.
cc:
see you soon
Fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind Dale Carnegie
Come on GatorNation let's go!
at tonight!
shoe doctorve.
Get here early, not many tix left!
National Weather alerts goin' off like crazy
LTS end of semester study breaks are coming May 7th.
Come join us in the libraries for therapy dogs, graffiti walls, and more!
heard dat.
1800 fb friends, 188 twitter followers  its gonna be difficult to spread my messages
working on using smart graphics rather than the pretty yet meaningless clipart you usually get in powerpoint presentationsLOEX in 4 days!
Hungry with a headache :
Absolutely.
We want to hear from everyone, whether you were able to join us today or not.
what happens here, stays here.
: Why does every person on TheVoice have to have a sob story?
Its just good television Tara, you just cant change the channel
Don't ignore me and only come to me when you need something.
Because next time...
I won't be there.
thx for the direction;
RIP Maurice Sendak
following up with you re: our interview outside Daily Buzz this morning over current guy trends: hot or not?
satcy!
:O i'm shocked you tweeted such vulgar language!
Happy National High Five Day
It was horrible.
Well, the semester must be ending soon.
Civil War professoris lecturing on Sherman across the hall.
Awesome!
Best of luck to you too 
trying something new .
if you feel like breaking down, try nicorette.
Sounds gross, but it helps in those tough moments.
Good luck!
First day of school today for my 1st grader and preschooler...
what are some of your 'first day of school' memories?
great track!
Great!
That's what college is about.
Good friends and good times.
:

finally found hAppiness
Yeah!
Have a FUN weekend shopping and enjoy!
Any doctorsses in mind?
Making a Christmas Eve run for beer and toilet paper.
Robertson's wonderful to have.
But replace Rivera.
No one can, of course.
What a horrible morning for baseball.
Retwret this if you listen to music!: he is frekin amazing!3
right??
5 notifications and all about events.
I'd take Jeff fisher over Vince young anyday, Fisher is a great coach, Young is a headcase.
Easiest desicion to make ever
Hope all dads had an AWESOME WEEKEND!
Check out our FACEBOOK page to view pics of our event this weekend.
Liar?
I've got to take a break, to be honest.
I'm not even going to lie.
Puff Daddy
YAY you finally tweeted.
LOL an wht a wonderful tweet it was.
Tht is some deep ish!!!
Zoltan from Dude where's my car
Honestly Family Guy is so stupid but so funny.
The guy is so freakishly bad at hitting he was 08which is only slightly better than someone who has no arms.
but somehow gets a win
Had a nuts night
I laughed so hard at that tweet, I choked!
xD
Especially the big 3 to end the half!
They got buckets last night
OK, I'm done with  Spring.
Police are mum on the details but we are digging
At this point let's bring Flynn in and move Rodgers to running back.
Justin baby, you're hot.
Follow me?
':
TexasBaylor is on ESPNNews will UH game is over, folks.
thx!
Love working with y'all RT: just received the Apr What a great, great issue
I wonder if sprint is gonna give me a free week for all the calls and text that wouldn't go thru downtown this week ....
hello!!
did you take your time out today?????
Have a story of injustice 4you!
Man with 1 arm who worked for 2 biggest companies in Amer.
16yrs,and how they are ing him!
White people who have doctoradlocks should get the same sentence in prison as those who are caught human trafficking.
Game Time!!
Lets go Oklahoma!!
Tweet away!
Looking forward to hear how it works for you!
RT : Thanks for the advice on tweeting.
Very helpful!
are you coming back
Wow!
Come join in on the conversation on Twitter and ShineYourDivine!
Check it out!
New Morning Blend blog post from Anders Norberg at Umea University in Sweden.
www.blendedlearningtoolkit.org.
Our tutors at John Muir Elem.
are lucky to be so close to !
All kinds of delicious food and cute shops there.
ha!
Made it to Nashville mayday.
There are so many people out there who will tell you that you can't.What you've got to do is turn around and say watch me
Thank you Mayor Booker for stopping by on Thursday and acknowledging the importance of Aljira's enterprise in downtown Newark
Cursing the additional snow falling right now.
This migraine is eating my brain!
Gaaahhh can'tsleep
Hey 22,190 friends..lol Is there anybody left on myspace?
Well if anyone is listening.
Makaras Pen has a new song up called Sixfouronezero
lol that was at Pikes Place Market Seattle at my photo shoot with Robert Knight.
I don't really put my feet on tables
he is actually presenting this morning to a group of Guidance Counselors...want me to pass along a memo?
Exactly!
Are you seeing them in 2013?
what chu doing ?
Doing more lucid doctoraming lately.
I always wonder why my doctorams are so sparsely decorated.
doctorp cable and switch to douche
It's sad that real Britney Spears died years ago, but the cyborg replacing her is gonna be judge on one of them singing shows!
Program Committee at MSA is interested in poster/booth slots for DH projects
great comedian tonight!
What is his name?
Niall has a tattoo.
Niall.
Has a.
Tattoo.
Our goal is to raise  distribute 10,000 for Autistic families in need of services in Indiana.
Can you help us make this happen?
We met at mw2012 You made a list of resources for small museums/galleries at the Big Idea breakout.
Is there a link?
could't agree more.
Little brother is right.
reaches out to strategically grouped bloggers and blog communities depending on news or product focus.
Pre conference survey  interesting data  great infographics  brand exposure  leads  earned media
bro are you going to that party tonight?
I didn't do it :/ he's dumb.
my hands smell like cat treats.
Yup!
No Problem
RT : Beer Snob Alert: Monroe's n Pittsford has their own brew that's very hoppy, but goes down easier w/ every sip.
the post offices are losing money because in 2006 Bush/congress passed an act, that requires the USPS...
what do you have
: dont call me if you boring !, im not lol.
thanks for the mention, I had a lot of fun with the theme :
do it
Remember to take the time to listen.
Congrats to rushy26  you will be seeing on Thurs !
Our reps will DM you!
See you in a few days!
is pretty nice, I don't blame you!
No problem, enjoy.
I'll finally feel like a kid again come Christmas weekend!
Jets vs Giants on Saturday  5 NBA games on Sunday!
DON'T WAKE ME, I'M doctorAMING!
Tell to follow you :p
It's really THAT fucking annoying
live to catch people or live to accidentally make them happen?
We make a solid effort during each home game weekend.
Actually a road game or two a year as well.
too much strangeness going on right now...the stars must be up to no good oO
Hello!
Got info from rena :
Listening to Monster by Skillet.
Love this song too.
Apparently falling down is the new foul?
Lame
Q : What tools do you use to i.d.
influencers?
Girls don't ever get that you're his girlfriend, and they NEED TO FUCK OFF.
we're already past that
Sounds like sabotage to me!
its not funny yu terd lol.
but i like that i can leave any class jst to go to sleep
and that's why I unfollowed you!!!!
HAHAHA
Doing my Uri Geller impression..bending spoons for a Black and Tan party tomorrow
could you pleasee say happy birthday to my best friend !?
HE LOVES YOUU !
AMEN!
That dude is giving NO credit for the Clippers.
you can always use the task manager within chrome to see what's all running.:
and last, but not least, FF !
:
Maybe a dark grey background?
you talking about that ad on tv, or real life?
Here in America, people return or exchange gifts, and shop for bargains all over again.
In this eternal frenzy, life still happens.
My critique of the Gorbachev factor for the end of the Cold War?
It includes the phrase: the 'pendulum effect' of Russian leadership.
LOL.
I love you cuz...
I'm very proud of you.
BobCornelius thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
The difference is not in the path that one takes, but the trail that one makes.
Down to 2700 bc people play fabulous
To all my people waiting for some electro mixes.
More are coming soon!
Okay!
I'll send it on Tuesday or Wednesday probably
have you checked monster or temp agencies?
Is there a particular area that you are looking at?
Congrats.
Well deserved.
:
grumpy again I see.
I just got back from Bermuda and I am SMILING!
omg tell me about it!!!
Nod to , Chipchura was FANTASTIC making decision on goal possession.
RT : thank you!
love you too!
RT : We love , well done on you :
Not feeling ANY holiday spirit :
Jim Tressel's vest of shame.
At work still sore from my thighs!
Another great productive Team Meeting!!!
stay tuned!!!
Like boxers?!
lewis copeland at the stage!!
tonighhhhhhhhhhhhhhttttttttttttttt don't let any rain or snow ruin a good night out dt!
:

wanna get added to a list so you can gain followers faster?follow then reply DONE..
HURRY I'M WATCHING!!
no problem honey lamb!
Slowsteady.
RT : Forced creations die quickly.
I love life so much right now
: oh Tae I don't deny it I know im crazy lol  ok that's good
A brief conversation with the right person can greatly help  or hinder your speaking and info marketing success.
i'll be in dc later yo
Ppl say I'm sneaky.....but it's just that I can do watever I want bcuz ppl would never expect it to me ;
We love you back
Don't sweat the small stuff
Benvenuto a Twitter my friend
AAM2011 Online fever session: JHU's main goal is to create a social commnty of future colleaguesasynchronous courses, but new content wkly
grinding just opened up a t shirt slash photo company
Omfg.
I keep thinking its Sunday!
1 hour delay tomorrow: so happy to sleep in!!!!!
nice work on the social media score.
thanks for visiting us in CITYCENTRE yesterday!
Great story on black union workers  the super bowl.
Rock!
We utilize the twisosphere 4 advertising our products and it works.
Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
join the club :/
How is reading analyzing/reading poems gunna help us with the final!
shit so would I or anyone else.
There was no reason to follow that kid.
doctoram has turquoise hair,Cookie purple,Lil H Wood mary jane green  Momma Sticky as a sizzling Blonde, Rainbows  Me Awe CCMAMA
Check us out on facebook slyder football
Sounds like an awesome plan!
RT : lets hit up some games this year and doctornk at
Want to meet some amazing servants?
Check out and We felt the love today.
What's up tweeter how we feeling today good I hope
next time use the seashells.
Im on a boat hahaha jk im on the couch
Are you taking advantage of all your Microsoft EA Benefits??
Realize all the benefits of your agreement!!
thanks for voting fam!
I think enough time has passed from the Beef just to Beef era to bring back quality Rap Battles in Hip Hop!
It keeps MCs HUNGRY!
I love big butts just came on z104
Layin down chillen, listening to pandora wassup twitter world!!!!!!
What is her problem?
Baby can I get a refill?
HELP!!
My guitar stopped working midjam!
Aw damn.
My other one works fine so I know its not the amp!
People knocking for too little too late are nuts.
Once a bigot always a bigot  no one's mind was getting changed.
u know!!
Lol
Dear Die Hard.
You rock.
Especially when that guy was on the roof.
P.S: Do you know Mad Max?
YEA THAT BOY WALLACW SAID FUCK YA TO THE BRONCOS FANS HAHAA
omg thank you bb!
i thought you wasnt gunna like it lol
Question: How is it already almost midnight?!?
yeah we have an acct with Dolce.
We don't have a big selection but I can order it if you get me a model 
SDCH to distribute toysfood to 1,300 kids at Holiday Party at Golden Hall, Sat., 12/17 from 12 to 3p.
doctorpped my iPod on the ground,when I picked it up it wouldn't turn on.
Then I realized I turned it fully off before I doctorpped it.
Don't forget Dennis Green's tirade!
Finally at Glen Cove Mansion!
I love this place!
Wow, so you studied with the founders of the CART algorithm!
That is very cool.
Just opened the door for Chad Ochocinco.
Today, Homeward honors Tonya Harris, our veteran on staff, and all veterans working to find stable housing.
welcome back to the US!
Good luck in Denver!
NY still got love for u!
Philly vs Pitts is ridiculous.
Are there going to be enough players left on the bench to finish the game?
missed ya last night.
What'd the doc say?
Derek Jeter found that fountain of youth.
With the help of indiana Jones of course
: Did you run into any fans...
Or ladies with a shopping cart full of bagels and cream cheese?
; LOL!:
There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child.
Erma Bombeck
i hate cancer
I've been pretty funny today.
HeyHey : Im gonna get off for a while, keep following  i follow back :
If Aerosmith were a magazine, and I received it for free, I would still unsubscribe.
I will be contacting authorities in San Francisco and New York  demanding that an investigation be started immediately
Amazing Production Broadcast Team at CompSea12 Best of the Best: ...
Stellar ...
and are doing Denver together next month!
Have you heard the new record?
RT That was a pretty doctormatic showdown w/ Councilman Carl Stoke not budging on bottle tax.
I'm going on Friday here!
Seether will be there too!
I don't like the opening band My Darkest Days.
No me gusta cock rock!
Excited for the 4th Tech in Ed Conference today!
Great lineup of sessions.
Topics for everyone.
you need to pick up your gift card!!!
:
yes sir it is...
Saying the same crap everyday.
Lol.
Thank you for the follow.
Am happy for the
what you mean no
I ain't said shit to u this what yo dude created I didn't know about four mouths ago so why u mad at me
Kos vs daley  worst fight of the night but the punch after the fight was over was totally uncalled for
Damn.
RT : The final Loud and Local on is on in one hour.
Promises to be eventful.
Great things are coming my way :
according to my doctor.
why was I even talking to him about my ass?
: Yes.
Really enjoyed Fantastic misterFox.
Especially the PE scenes.
Hahah awesome
: how did you like the ustream RNGeezies?
: i wished you called me tho :
In the criminal justice system, sexually based defenses are considered especially hanous, in new York city the dedicated detectives who..
awe have to watch an hr long health video to get my permanent health card
Follow !!
Help her get to 800 followers :
Start more quietly and build it up to match the intensity of the soloist, that will add a lot.
Best.
My mom shouldn't talk...
I can find a reason to hang on.
What went wrong can be forgiven.
Without you it ain't worth livin' alone.
Happy 19th birthday to me : another year of growing up and experiencing new exciting things..oh yeah and to party of course lol
There is time does not mean i am not going to be there every other time you need me.
I Love You Babe..
I have a film that is number 1 on Amazon it's called I Think My Facebook Friend Is Dead check it out thanks tweet fans.
The roasted beans are ground and brewed in order to create that doctornk we call Coffee!
Thanks a lot!
gaining an iron long due to my polio.
caught.
JC Watts
I'm getting on the childoctorn banning bandwagon and banning childoctorn from banning childoctorn.
How many days until the NFL starts?
can I ask you one too please man please!!:?
You ever tested out a Roku?
Aeschylus When a mans willing and eager the gods join in.
Mackenzie sys that a lot but it always ends with I am Chance Myers
Yeah, is thinking about having a booth.
First, I need to write some code.
Who's up?
for real!
in the building working on vocals
Tough loss to a good MTSU team tonight for the Vols.
Future is looking bright though.
Ill be ur late night hero ;
Yes, and my students think I'm mean.
Okay, not really.
Which video?
Human Spirograph?
The visions we offer our childoctorn shape the future.
Carl Sagan
I hate it when people can't walk in the sidewalk, they decide to walk IN the street 
The sky is pink.
3
.
if your intent is to be humorous, then be funny, not infantile.
your political analysis, however, is hilarious.
I just wanna thank god for letting me know all the beautiful and gorgeous women that's been at palo the past 4 years !
Joinin the ranks of the bridge 'n tunnel peeps...
Finish The Sentence Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there..
with?
Top Tweets on: www.Chasing800.com
will the Flyers consider Bob for Winter classic?
hey u havent talked to me except today when i was at the nurse i was sent home cause this girl jules got me sick
Don't worry about a thing, every little thing is gonna be alright Bob Marley.
Need some of this in my life.
i know  i wish this was everyday.
Although I can easily see it being a slippery slope where I never leave my apt.
Preparing for a private screening of our film at The Lincoln Center http:www.petrginz.com
A special Valentine's Day Amish Monkeys tonight!
Have a date?
Bring one!
Don't have a date?
Check out the cute guy with the spiky hair!
SERIOUSLY.
So many obnoxious people today at work.
Sunday brings out the worst shoppers.
Omg , this side is looking at the game informer magazine talking about halo is orgasmic ..
Hahahaha ,
You da man!
thanks ms smilia.
Hope you had a great one too!
Hello Twitter!
RT : What are the great podcasts?
I need some new ones.
not all men ....just most ....present tweeter excluded
Someone tweet for me and tell them to unmute me...
Thanks in advance
thanks Dan.
Talked to Comcast.
All looking good there.
Looks like we need to look at Cisco router.
Thanks again!
I believe that says 299 hurry up !
Without FAITH it is impossible to please God.
Kirk Hammet is easily a guitar God.
His solos are legendary!
Juuuusssstttt a bit outside
Fun day: Listening to re Bletchley Park/social media while reading  on academic v.
popular history.
woohoo!!
Watching from all grown up playing for Lauren Alaina on AI has great taste in her musicians!
your really amazing too
Thanks for the FF!
Any info on Byonetics?
I've been out of touch all day today.
I see the Brewers lost 12  that Greinke pitched 8 innings of 2 hit ball.
Axford?
What's going on?
do you have St Bart's?
French Riviera
just people I know
RT : Q3: How do you figure out what the key issues are for the company?
RT : Track Night tonight with 6:30pm we're heading out from the store!!
I love your new avatar of you work in Korea!
ha what?
Omg Christian, you're crazy haha I love u3!
Oh my god yes lamichael as a
heard rumors of squirrel chili being brought in today for squirrel appreciation day at
have many years experience in knowing what's cool is mke is a great resource
Have a good time in Italy:
Justin performing boyfriend.ohJustin.baby.please go back to your older music.or a lil more you.i know he was nervous.I STILLFUCKIN LOVE HIM
I'm home!
baby, you summertime fine ;
I mean...
I am young : thx RT : OMG omg OMG omg!
Just saw a sneak peek of the music video by  shot in TimesS ...
Just saw Newsweek cover story.
Thanks for throwing James Buchanan back into the closet.
It's so peaceful outside.
I don't know how I'm ever going to bring myself to go back in the house.
hahahahahah!
Y'all still not friends!,
We Heart Michael Jackson!
We Love The King Of Pop!
We Love our Apple Head!
We Heart Michael Jackson!
3
I remember when beating the Red Sox was fun.
Now it seems like everybody does it.
Peyton Manning looks like Jim Irsay just gave his rose to Courtney.
US in 2012 with hopes of International in 2013
RT Just have to say....
God is good!
:
you love Justin Bieber?unbelievable!
Wondering if Twitter will ever stop asking me what I am doing.
Can I take this seriously?
Yes, took another sip of coffee.
Typing faster..
You would talk to her but not me :
it's their own little way of attempting not to bludgeon themselves due to lack of sun.
I was looking for a filmed segment they allegedly did at the bar yesterday for the NYRangers NJDevils series.
if you're feeling a bit fancy to follow someonw, gotta get your dose of 'cause I said so!
Truuuu RT:  RT : Everybody swear they be working out but still have guts 
One carefully selected toy can do so much for a child; the right toy can literally help them discover a love of learning!
I'm gonna rip you up when you come to Dallas, bitch!
Enjoyed a fun Saturday at with my friend Lissa and her lovely mother and motherinlaw to be!
It's pretty well accepted in Philly actually.
As long as you aren't locking to a stranger.
WTF i thought our final was tomorrow, but just informed that it is friday!!!
i'm a dumbass
Rev Theory, Pop Evil, and Black Cloud Collective.
Best show ever!!!!!
ill try nd get it cuz she has no phone
Explore other cultures.
Discover differences.
Embrace diversity.
This is how you learn a continued appreciation for nuestra
hello world!!
All I need is some Jordan shorts and sandals
idgaf please dnt ask me tht at this moment
Oh for sure, Friday works.
:
: ThatOnePersonInSchool who is a directionator...
Oh wait that's everyone!!
wut .
With NFL geniuses Berman and Gruden as the faces of the doctorft, I'll take a pass.
I get enough ESPN overcoverage of NFL in reg season.
I've got a little crush on
Pilots score in the 60th minute...30 Portland.....
wish we had Keane on the field for ten mins with that Davies twat.
Onlookers don't want miracles./ Failure is glamorous./ The crash course needs its crash.
Alice Fulton
all phils fault
good thing I'm gonna eat at Animal in L.A.
Tonight!!
Didn't CA learn from IL that it's insanely stupid?
Not much to talk about if you have nothing to say...
This strawberry banana smoothie I just made is on point!
when can we expect causus returns to start coming in tonight?
lmao oh no.
I should be asleep...
I feel you pain.
My mom passed 6 yrs this April 21st.
Just when I thought the  storm has passed, I realized I have a 5 page paper due on Friday.
: New Found Glory at Warped Tour.
Can't wait to hear My Friends Over You!
oh shit son!
head ok collision is my shit!
when did you do something for the first time last?
Back  Hill Top Cafe in Fredericksburg tomorrow night  6pm.
Duo w/ Kullen Fuchs on piano  trumpet.
Good people, great food  live music!!
Lovely fete Thank YOU RT: Nice socapeurope party Looks like everbody is having fun.
Good work
HELP YANKEESUNIVERSE TREND!!!!!!!
I want some tomato pie.
Get yo goodies :
I wont give up on youu :
yayaya.
i missed you.
c:
Good guess just a little late lmao
we have HTPCs and use Boxee and Netflix for content.
i dont watch dvds.
this new plan actually saves me 4 per mo.
Cannot wait another minute for tmister night.
Sorry Oregon, but we are gonna witness some real football.
LOLOL  THE VIDEO.
The army has forcibly taken guns from departing CT troops intending to pay them later.Many troops are not happy to have thier property taken
instead of winning ...
Are we to act like sheep?
Thats not why I went into medicine.
A good doctor has to be able to think for himself.
yeah, but tmister's the uva/md bball game so that doesn't count right?
ditto that for the blah blah blah match/game/etc
Welcome from India Enjoy Private Okinawa Blue Cave Snorkeling snorkeling
right on.
Beaten by the Knicks by 42 points.
Ex would you do this: Boss, I scheduled this meeting to tell you I'll be showing up to work tomorrow at the normal time.
Of course not.
Thanks for RT.
Do you have any problems with being blocked/censored here?
I hate it when people are passive aggressive..
I doctorve my moms
Do you think WWE ask Ernest Miller permission to use his own theme for Brodus Clay?
And if not, why isn't he just sue them for it?
remember that one time we.....
do i know you......yeah never mind
I been in the bed all week high on Vicodin.
Face swollen like the clumps.
Why are almonds so addicting?!
Good to see NFL back on the tube Don't even care its Preseason ball I'll take it!!
Roberto made that point on last 5mTKO  I agreed it's his best role.
I think EA or JM will take over CM sometime.
embryo stage business idea, ha.
I just sent you a DM.
Love my cabbage!
Full of fiber  antioxidants.
Look for it in the fithit bowls.
sounds like something only Rasheed Wallace would manage to get T'd up for
We would love to do a tasting with Young Winos!
Let's talk.
Prison Industrial Complex is in the business of creating more prisoners and then funding the campaigns of law  order politicians
Awesome game!
Can't wait to see you next week!!
heat lost again?!
oh.
;
After a few bourbon duds recently I think singlemaltscotch has become my whisky of choice again
The Twin Towns.
Love em!
No, my friend...
BAD.ASS.
Apparently Smokey the Bear is now a jive talking bear.
Alright then.
I'd rather watch or Run and Gun like I do in my vids rather than see someone tell their full party to sit still
cheer up!!
Want to defy gravity?
Try our new Gravity Blast Classes  First class is FREE!
I would change your Clearwater appearance to Memphis, Tn ......
that's all :
Girl now we have three things in common French manicure, Gemini , and we both LOVE 2 Chainz...
Lol!!!
ACT Bash last night was a blast!
Thanks for coming to celebrate with us.
And wow  we can't wait to hear more from We Are Golden on June 1!
Well, are we talking premium/topshelf bottles or rail swill?
And meanwhile....Paul Pierce is 29.
Very quiet game for him tonight.
If you see me today and it looks like I'm dead, I probably am.
so tired.
Doesn't mention the company it seems.
Or I'm blind.
Music videos are back on and by I mean
I told her im her worst nightmare!!
sorry honey B.
Patron aint cheap but if u wanna share wit me come on over
WWJD....
Not heroine
True North ghost chili taco challenge.
Myla will be 4 in 10 days.
4?!
She told me she wants a rubber duck with a party hat.
So easy to please.
Great.
Now it's gonna snow for sure.
;
So sleepy
H E Y P L E A S E F O L L O W M E your the best and I agree u should do a call me maybe video I think it would be nice
The fact that my hair is curled today..
me gustaaaa :
His color change,his nose jobs,peter pan syndoctorme,and mostly his infatuation with young boys and sleeping in the bed wit them
If Businesses used a GPS to take them to Success!!
It would be called Sandy Cajas!
doctorfting off to sleep...
Z x :
When guys have nice bodies.
3
Create your own path to success
I have a few of those also.
The dive formulas is the best.
12 diving formulas.
At gym thanking goodness for headphones.
Realized I'm a kind of ashamed of some of the workout music on my ipod.
And the worse part of my school life begins today....SOL Testing.
They say the Holy Spirit works in mysterious ways, so you never know.
Honey do day around the house.
Had hoped to go to the Dogwood Festival.
May still get a chance if it does not rain.
Roberta Flack n the park
Join me in making Congress work for WorkingPeople again.
Support my bid to make EricCantor look for his next job.
Paid to play in the Olympics?
I couldn't disagree more with Wade on this.
Play for your country!
My procrastination skills keep getting better and better...
gorgeous lady
We need to get us a box cutta nd mase cause I don't fight pretty;
VOTING  WASTE OF TIME CUZ OUR VOTES DON'T COUNT!
BULLSHIT!
1,2,3,4!
Yep, some men...every 4 seconds and are such pigs at doctormming up business!
hope you're okay!
Great game Badgers.
Stuck with 'em all game and pulled ahead when it counted.
that's not nice he is going to cry
that was my mens, horns 1  done  made mistake on ags bc they weren't in the top68
I wish my dog would stfu lol
RT : New initiative proposes will allow residents in SWDetroit to buy vacant lots near their homes for 200.
tells that the reason he takes his calls is becuz healthjournalism matters.
that's awesome.
Finished both main stores in less than one hour.
The
Happens to the best of us.
RT : Somehow managed to book a flight out of Love Field but returning to DFW.
Mother/daughter book club today at the library.
I want soup and a blanket!
Like honestly Kay.
I could care less hah
was nice to hear from you.
:
you should be honored :
Not All Females Are Hoes And Bitches And Not All Dudes Are Players and Low Lifes.
That Moment When You're On Pandora And An Old Songg Comess On, Ohh Memories : .
Let Me Lovee You , .
StageCombat FF
Had a good time this afternoon hangin with my papaw!
I had some really good catfish too.
Just watched ParanormalChallenge with ,wow it's awesome!
I kinda wanna ghost hunt lol
When a girl think she low key but you know she go 
I need a pickle.
Next time you go to Daily Grill, will you get your regular or try something new?
What item?
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
Oscar Wilde
how do I put this.
Um.
Fuck!
probably gonna go back to regular earrings.
All the great bands from Columbus  Ohio, why even consider one from LA.
sports page 1.
Andy Baggot, arguably the worst sports writer in the state  that's not a title I just toss around.
NowPlaying Twista featuring Jamie Foxx..
This was my sht.
Singing its gonna be.
I just read via that the NL MVP won't be handed out until November 22.
Who do you think will win it?
Braun, Fielder...
Kotsay?
Dear Investment sites: Make sure I've answered security ?'s before you ask them  I really don't know my maternal grandfather's first name.
Your high school sounded badass.
Were you focused on music there?
Come check us out!
We're a blast in a glass.
:
And hello!
Creepiest thing I think is those books that you can record a voice on.
That straight creeps me out!!
My grandma had bought two of them :/
The iPad retina display is like looking at a Chuck Close painting.
I guess his work really isn't that pretty.
Kid cudi should play jean Michael basquiat in a movie
Good luck!
absolutely.
Im always on.
:
At the swap meet on Cinco De Mayo doctorssed like a full blown white girl.
Lets see how this goes!
That sounds awesome :
I was there when had his first s'more.......ever!
S'mores is a fun treat.
Browning marshmellws at table
ConfessionNight I like women who are affectionate,, Ima Leo so I like that
You don't just put on geeky glasses to be a nerd .
I swear some people just think they're so fucking cool .
umm hello I'm not doing anything...
thoughtwewerefriends?
Have you read A Bend in the Road?
That's one of my faves of his.
I think!
Guess I'll get the beer and the Kleenex ready again!
Lol
Listening to the chopped n screwed version of AAP Rocky's mixtape
It'll be interesting to see who fills the message board vacuum, the forums were an extremely important information source for all
I have an obesession with socks.
I must have the Jordan AJ 10 striped
Hip hop squares...
Really?!
sxswi 3ScreenMin very few companies are hiring data journalists to help shape experiences
y'all doing anything?
im not watching it ethier.
Hhahaha.
Black dude in a convertible cranking the Sex Pistols on Central Park West
Tomorrow's bigbeedeal should get some attention with Kenmore's Mike's Subs.
Limited quantity.
Awesome!
My only fear is that I may want to keep them all...
:
Meryl Streep is sauced, Jane Fonda's hair looks like a midwestern housewives.
RT : A study found people with lighter eye colors have a higher alcohol tolerance.
Okay, it's true that the internet is where the world's stupid goes to die.
But especially so in the past few days.

RT : They'll get swept by Oklahoma anyway
Tell that to my raw tongue that is now a color I've never seen
ON WE THIS MISSION AND ITS WORKIN
I wonder if 's big ass bounces around like mine does when she runs??
Exactly RT No surprise with Obama and the money.
There is no political money gain for him to
thanks we def appreciate that!!!
Thx PJ, hope your day was great!!
41 GOP Sens.
urge Reid to act now on Bush tax cuts.
6 who didn't sign letter: Brown, Coburn, Collins, Corker, Heller, Murkowski.
Please don't be pink eye.
Faith is being certain of what we hope for and sure of what we don't see
One cup please!
WHAT!
Fred Hersch solo piano today blew me away..
!
Stop in your Aurora Applebee's for Tuesday Trivia!
Your chance to win a 25 bar tab starts at 9 p.m.!
I agree with everything except that comment about the yankees but NY will still be title town because the Mets are winning the WS
Whether the wolves were fresh off the trap line or came from trapper's freezer, they're still dead.
I didn't spill it gravity did lol
Thanks, guys!
Love the shoes girl
I'm so sorry.
You were so looking forward to this shindig.
Yes indeed, couldn't believe they are ranked 10!
RT : Congrats mizzou.
Nice win over Nova.
We are for real.
wow another bday I get to spend with my love ..
Happy bday baby
In africa women produce 80 of the product but only account for 10 of the income.
wassup boy!
What's the deal?
Minor details is a mystery movie.
That has Jennette mccurdy
What's up with these pictures people are posting with like 3 or 4 pictures in 1?
Inception pics.
A photo within a photo within a photo
Guess it wasn't so obvious to participants of the rep assembly today.
IReallyMiss having real friends...
So many fake, back stabbing people out in the world now...
Yeah, so I'm the one losing my mind.
DAL did already beat BUF, big, last week.
i'm thinking amanda's pretty cool myself ;
perfect, thanks!
Which weekend are you going to?
Highschool Memories: Meeting HER.
:
Thanks to for the follow!
You are 3,100 and do amazing work!
awe why thank u hun;
Happy Easter!
that's also random
San Diego fans.
Don't miss thisThursday 1/20.
is tashan with u
I want a lizard!
classic professorle with laptop glarestartups never rest!
Good morning twitter babies!!!
Im sad isn't going with me six flags : it's not gonna be fun!!
Haha sure it is
it's rough...
oh yeah but we didn't even do that today but we do gotta go bowling dawg like for real!!
:D
I hate when nerds write 10 page essays and I'm sitting here with 1 page and fatass hand writing
There's always a challenge so I must be doing something right..
Retweet if you are performing in The Nutcracker this year!
catch ya later...
Just went and liked all of 's pictures on instagram.
Lol 4
Good food huh lol?
But u guyzz r still not followin me here imma be sad!:P
: Just finished recording vocals with ....
get ready for some music in 3D : is taking music to a new world!
idk but maybe his progeny knows!
:P
Thanks for the kind FF !
Darn good to hear from you, and hope things are going your way.
love your holiday stuff!
My day in a word?
Know your personnel, we were great executing out of TOsRT : Won 2 playoff games this way, also good guards help RT
Looking forward to seeing , , , and the rest of Sounders Nation tonight at First Kick.
Nice to sit by you tonight !
Congrats and hope to see you b4 next season!
:
hope it's a fabulous day
No before that like at the very begining of the video lol and they cut a lot of parts out
omg tam you are so pretty!
Image of camouflaged me swiping a rack of Cris's ribs from the smoker  crab running away Zoidbergstyle now stuck in my head
Williams has way better eyebrows

Always time to enjoy some Yankees baseball!
Have a good one and enjoy the game!
he sleeps like a baby!!
Oh look!
Your professorle picture is a car!
I'm sorry, I didn't know you were a transformer!
I always wanted to learn how to surf 
Black version of  :p
El Paso!
We are looking for new sponsors to add to our network!
Contact us!
You can't be let down if you don't expect the world.
RT this message for a chance to win 25 to any Bripp bar!
We will announce winner when we launch on Feb.
1!
: The next time I see she will be walking down the aisle.My heart just melted
Glad today Friday!
Ready to start my weekend off..
Yes!
It's a very evenly matched game.
Should make for a very good series!
: Are You Single?
No, I'm Plural.
No, I mean, are you free this friday?
No, Im expensive!
We're getting ready for 's conference in Madison!
Will we see you there?
Suggested to a coworker n she loved it!
Went off on a girl in class..
I feel super bad..
From meworking and prom makes me tired..
So her talking up a storm is
I'm watching that too!!!
Wow, that was awesome.
I just saw SpaceShuttle Discovery twice as it flew over
All unpacked and back in the dorm.
Now its
Did you hear about the new doctornk??
It is called the Osama  2 shots and a splash of water.
Lol.
Go USA !!
Good work NAVYseals !!!
Key Luce Forward partner defects on eve of McKenna Long merger.
More at DJ online.
Proud that I was present for standing ovation for David Thomas who taught his last HBS in PELP.
Thank you for the inspiration!
Congrats on a Great tourny!
You are my new favorite left handy!!
Are you coming home for Thanksgiving?
Congrats to Ryan Braun  National League Player of the Month
Fox guarding chicken house.
get it gurrrlll
Photos: Alan Mayberry
Best friends are people who make your problems their problems, just so you don't have to go through them alone.
thanks for the RT!
A4 willingness to experiment; analytics tools to show quickly what works, what doesn't; open mind to use what data teaches
Did you know?
BFC members get automatic discount on ALL items, plus memberonly sale prices on selected stuff.
Membership pays for itself!
hahaa I miss you
Regrets just make you hate your past.
Just carry on with life.
Playing words with friends and disappointed that 'Jedi' is not a word.
if you guys start reenacting it, please film it haha
RT : Time doesn't stop and wait for anyone.
Move on.
Played the 'lost  confused foreigner' card on the airport express.
I owe you 25c milwaukee county transit system.
wow!
lucky!
im happy 4 u tho :P
not saying he won't get reelected cause he prob will but I'm not standing with him.
Beautiful day in old Hawaii nei.
Lucky to live Hawaii, ya?
Miss!
I am coming back asap.
im so sorry on the lack of updates on John Cena.
ive been busy the whole last week.
my apologies ill get it done this afternoon for sure.
Glad you and had a great time at the Blazer game!
Taking a 5 in between sessions!
your not gonna see this but what do you think about that new boy band
WOW!
Thanks for posting that.
The sad part is its probably been the leading 4 a while.
We r just now getting tested to find out.
Bury My Heart is a lifealtering approach to turning managers into unconditionally committed leaders.
Just want to say thank you again for everything.
I am still at the beach blvd flea market.
1/2 way to my goal, only 4 more hours
well that's ok but if you ever want portraits in the future, or engagement portaits, please keep me in mind!
The boss joins twitter RT : finally joining twitterverse...how soon til i regret this?
One and a half bizarro days into the week, just let me get safely to friday
hell yea
im a bitch but at least i say it like it is.
When I make a movie I'll never give a character a doctormatic moment of choice between what must continue the movie and would end the story.
awesome!
Thank you.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
Good Morning!
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.
Thomas Merton
The more 'Likes' this status has, the more popular it gets  more people will see it!
Help find Tom H!
More than a friendship, less than a relationship.
Junior Maldonado
RT : Speaking tip: 1 reason you get hired to speak is because someone has seen you speak.
CardBk by MiniBk helps that recall!
Out of my Mind.
Back in 5 minutes.
Back to work.
Is it wrong that I already feel ready for another break?
life would be more fun in an enchanted castle
We like your style!
: better.
A Sunbelt Granola Bar.
Awesome news on the fellowship!
Thx for yr quick response also, we'll be making some concrete plans next wk.
Yay!
How Do I Know...
I Live It My People....
Lol
Aaron Anson: Seek Your Own Truth: We must seek those quiet spaces in our life that are safe for vulnerable explorations of meaning.
T...
Getting ready to rock winning coffee GROWLY BAND style.
Come down.
Free show/donations.
LSU VS MISS STATE AND STEAK TONIGHT!!!
i'm at busch gardens where are you
NFLrookie advice: Getting the word out isn't always easy for pro athletes.
Believe it or not, extra publicity isn't guaranteed.
Oh!
JCPenney?
You're still here?
I thought you would have left after Melissa Leo's speech.
i feel like taco LMAOOO!
had my rolling
I bet I look sexy while doctorving and eating a donut.
ikr!
She's an amazing role model.
She's so sweet to everyone and has such a caring and loving heart.
My pleasure Laura.
ciao John
.
How do you knowif you are part of the problem?
maybe he will call you 2moro
Listening to The National on shuffle It will always end badly, but you just can't help but do it.
thanks for following!
Go Colts!
The problem is that everyone thinks you're just fooling around in meetings :D
Interesting indeed :o.
You've waited dis long, what's another day?
Our EP will be available online 2morrow morn!
Right after u eat ur Wheaties.
It'll be like a...
Back to one of my old fave beer styles this week  Oktoberfest!
I'm thinking absolutely you should!
I know this is a long shot, but im desperately trying to find host familys for some exchange students, if you wanna know more get at me!!
follow me 3 love you c:
The Suzuki Hayabusa, named after a Japanese falcon, is the world's fastest production sports bike motorcycle.
I promise.
Never trust a man though...
kidding 
Work has kept me preoccupied.
Literally watching 'Mania as we speak.
More than this by makes me sad :
Disney World here we come!
RTRT: OomfNeedsTo realize, that we were meant to be, like Nutella and the spoon.
Funny, 'cuz I just heard that from my next door neighbor's apartment.
smooches.
Pritkin from Karen Chance's Cassie Palmer series?
He's pretty darn grumpy.
I guess so!
She wanted to lose weight so she didn't eat a thing!
Heading over soon to to appear on 's show to talk Avengers.
Flick is fab.
Engineered to the exact specifications of championship athletes
dmed it to you
went with the natural pink.
Since I'm a trainer/exercise freak it suits me well.
See you soon for happy hour!
I'm going to stop getting college mail after last quarter's grades...
lol u sad
RT!!!
: I think I'm afraid to be happy.
Because whenever I get too happy, something bad always happens.
I love feel good inspiring stories!
Helping out at circ desk.
Asked man from VA why he has an accent but D.C.
people do not.
He said, 'Cause they're Yankees.
Hehe.
: Thank you so much for allowing me to see a part of your world.
May god continue to bless you and your family.
Bruce Reed, new CoS for Biden, was exec director 4 the Obama fiscal commission; one of only a few official staff, most others were on loan.
Super 8 is stupendous!
See it.
See it now.
hey my internets off :
did u go 2 work?
2 day?
: I believe too many students are making emotional decisions about college based on fantasy and not reality studentdebt
Seeing Austin Wells at Alamo Cafe and flipping shit because he's a celebrity to me.
Need to go to church today.
Going to FBC.
Ok thanks.
i'm off, good night!
merry christmas/happy hanukkah to all!
much love3
Competitive nonsleeping.
Seems apt.
Missed you at LCC, you social butterfly
You're So Vain, Pistol Whipped, and SloMoTion.
Put these on radio stations and just you wait...
she only got it so she can have Pinterest...
Baby steps cuz she thinks twitter is dumb
look at espn.com..
Look at NBA.com..
All LEBROn!
At what point do the mavs get some credit???
MFFL
Secretly waiting on this day to come
You're a prince among men, truly.
Where o wanna play
Go Brewers!
thanks T  I saw some of our m31000 friends but you both were missedI bought the bundle at
thank you so much!
We had some awesome competition!
less gay marriage and more marriage equality  issue predefined wrong
Of course!
facebook.com/nextgenerationrising Give it a like, yeah?
Help us help you
Cir.
J.
Hall rules in S.K.I.
Beer Corp.
v.
Baltika Brewery case involving a forum selection clause in parties' agreement.
Shout out to my two amazing photographers on Saturday nights at Green Iguana Anderson Latin Nights thank you for the amazing pictures 3
LOL.
Because we didn't have enough ways?
PS is Myndi Grauer...
go say hi!
Have some ruach.
listening to a conference call on the budget for homeless services.
Learning why Monsanto is evil....
3 Do's and Don'ts for Writing Great Page Titles
Monday already.
We got to get our flyers complete.

We not shooting n tha air unless its sum bottle poppin..............
But what can anyone say...If you're a happy family while you're here...who cares.
Billy Joe Corum  Death Notice  The QuadCities Daily
Marty doctornks a lot of diet coke...we dont want him exploding...on second though scratch that would be funny, poprocks!
My least favorite thing to purchase is toilet paper.
You're literally flushing money down the toilet.
good luck guys!
RT : Hey rva, our VCUrams leave for Portland today at 12:45!
Come cheer them on in the Siegel Center's UU Lot.
I miss afternoon naps...
Much appreciated thanks!
Goochs support resulted in Marys pardon.
In 1732 the General Assembly extended a limited form of benefit of clergy to all races and women
Awesome!
Thanks for getting the word out!
We are giving away a Nokona Catcher's Mitt on our Facebook page, go check it out!
We're also at the ASME IMECE conference, so come say Hi to us there too!
Exhibiting ends today so hurry up for savings!
If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?
Happy Friday, I love when the week ends
My View: Volunteer stint at museum in Arab Israeli city an eyeopening experience  The Salem News
Happy Birthday Channing Tatum!!!!
I'm begining to think you're right, Thank You.
When Bin Laden was killed, the GOP lost their bogeyman to scare the hell out of misinformed voters.
Conan on Letterman?
I think I'll watch.
that's frigin great!!
love that you're getting the word out about !
Tonight at Westerville; Basic Survival Skills Class starts at 6PM and cost 5.
Call 8183620 to sign up!
my to Sisters in crime.
ONE LOVE
come to kennys!!
True, but it's real bad in Ohio.
It'd help if it was a prettier state
What do you think of the logo?
no...how about you?
Can't find my wallet..this some bullshit
Ways  Means comm of Texas House meeting this morning on property tax and Eco Devo abatement issues.
Exemption under review.
Nice!!
Can design us a new logo?
The old one is kinda creepy.
We have the BudgetCutBlues but can pay a designer in coffee
good news, it's gone after today!
Comfortably Numb
Attention Capital Bikeshare riders: just because its shiny red and has a bell on it doesn't mean it's safe.
Please get a helmet.
Obama just keeps making Julia's life better and better......
i need some sick hightops for 8th grade.
im surfing the pastry website.
None at all!
RT : There isn't any problem Boyz II Men can't solve.
:
New shooter baby!!!!!
Thanks for helping spread the word about FoodFightMKE!
everyone at work has them too.
yep!
unlocked now!
ah I followed you back!!!
I actually felt so bad after you told me!
I honestly have no idea what happened!
But it's fixed now!
We are seeking equity investors in our Recycled Content Products.
Contact James Williams  4049978011 for more information!
question of the day: In a jello wrestling match between Black Widow and Catwoman, who'd win?
I'm SO excited to go to this March, during our Girls' LA Weekend Extravaganza!!
Counting down the days!!
Can't help but laugh at the name of the group: Olga Nucleus of the Informal Anarchist FederationInternational Revolutionary Front
..apology accepted.
lol
Could the time be right for you to write your own iOS App??
7 more mfin days of school!!!!!!!!
I heard you have to really understand the original classic to appreciate the Knockoff.
Get out into the fresh air!
Expo!
SSE12 Enjoy a Segway tour of our city!
Attendees recieve 10 off!
3125525100
Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead.
RT We need a Shot Clock in High School Basketball!
RETWEET if you agree.
// Absolutely time for a HS shot clock!
THANKS EMILY  love you too!
I wonder if anyone has noticed that I've been wearing the same pair of shorts all week.
haha ya not a great idea : merry Christmas if you celebrate or a happy holiday!
See you soon!
: Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
And why..
Obi Wam Kenobi.
Because he was a true Jedi Knight in every way!
right on bro
Today is a loaded day in sports.
NHL, NBA, MMA and the Kentucky Derby.
Be sure to check out the feed for great sports talk!
Posted now
if only the rest of the web was so easy to archive, right?
Pretty, intimate Suite 524!
954 sq ft in warm honey tones.
Call for an appt to see it today!
!!!!
I wld LOVE 2 play down there, itd be cool 2 hang and write!!!!
I was actually just talking about u  Freddys up here!
:
kick your site's db server, been down all afternoon
Thankss you!: I do believe I asked you in lunch but I wasn't sure.
I am gonna try to get me some tonightt.:D
Uh oh.
Will the Pacers go up 21?
Gorgeous panoramic of downtown columbus covers 3 screens.
Love it!
No I wont, trust me.
I'd like to have memories that I traveled with my family as a teen.
But I can see you clearly dont want that.
Amen!
MT Cataloguing  more important than ever!
Thank you for coming to visit our showroom Douglas, it was lovely meeting you!
doctorams last so long even after they're gone
TEDMED ers : pls help me get more followers, I have hit a limit!
Thanks!
TheLastTimeIChecked, it was NationalKissDay and we love you gaga, The wash has no sextape.
IfIDieYoung this will get RT'd
Enjoying my weekend off i work hard during the week i go hard all week long....
after The King ad campaigns, Steven Tyler would have to sodomize a Croissanwich to move the BurgerKing creepy needle.
So, what do I do about Lord Tensai in my Fantasydoctorft?
Should I roll the dice and hope he picks up stream?
About time the knicks get a call smh
STOP TRYNA THRO YO STALE ASS PUY  ME
staying with my mom again.
Biotch I text u!
Did u change ur number again or what lol
10 Facebook Tips..
do not hash tag anything!
35;35;show the REO Entertainment adventure continues Club Globel Cannon doctorve Beverly Hills UCLA Realtor and USC att executive up 2 bat
I miss it too!
And yeah it was!
Well I can't officially hear out of my left ear..
Stupid phsyco lady..
You sir...
have made a deal with the devil
Aw Tiffy!
I will be back soon!
I'm done.
back to texting this douchebag.
haha, thanks man!
i am so bored what about u ???
Wow Diz Ppl?.
you don't actually know him he's just a douche bag so you know his kind
My home recording studio now feels complete Behringer Xenyx 1002B board, new AV40 speakers and Maudio fastrack Macbook running Logic Pro
Nothin better than a home cooked meal
Banks, I am tired of your false promises about checkdepositing via phone!
All I get are mothereffing error messages!
you swear what ?!
:
I want to go see The Avengers again.
u are the most Beautiful I ever seen
where you flying to??
Oh my sweet lord little siblings arguing in british accents
wouldn't have minded...
On the light rail to downtown
i cant wait to see Cody Simpson sept 17th...
don't use my name in vain.
saying a prayer for your bro to have a speedy recovery!
wouldn't it be cool if everyone had motor horns?
the little love of my life.
Lindsay's Playboy Deal.
I'm a huge fan of Lindsay Lohan.You go girl!
I don't even care what anyone else says, is perfect.
Using a sketch book to write songs :P
the cops have doctorstically cracked down on us.
We need all the loved and support we can get
You know what, I think I won't sleep just so I can vote for you and your group :P
Excited :D.......but don't even know why?
Lol:/
I'll be there soon
If you're a hardworking, welltrained, persistent person, there's a job out there for you.
Mike Escalante
oh well hey there tyson
dude lol give it up.
Is it that funny?!
I spot in the audience on DWTS tonight :
But uh ....
Jacob Payne is fire!
Reminder: members meet at the colonnade by 6pm tomorow with new black shirt and black pants.
Playing Big Band, Swing  Jazz from 79pm
Harsh.
My summary is: Better than Georgia and Arial for free.
And I have faith the fonts will still work in 2 years.
on the flying squirrel at Columbia HS's Project Adventure Course ThingsYouDon'tSeeEveryday
I would like to officially welcome Bernadette DiMeglio to the ArtistLink family!!!
NY Archbishop Timothy Dolan's persona says: I may be a priest, but if you cross me I'll beat you down in a NY minute and then pray for you.
M pancakes....delicious!
Sold 4 poetry books and 1 plaque do far this week, this is definitely my year.
Wow.
The last residents went with another internet service, so they removed the cable line.
TO THE UTILITY POLE.
The poor tech must rewire.
if i write 11.25 pages an hour, i can finish a screenplay in 8 hours.
hm....
your really nasty..
And yes, every time I use the hashtag WIveGotTheStreets, I hear the Go Go's.
Cool!
As a Hoosier, I'm interested to see what you put there.
I'm a fan of the whose ear?
interpretation.
2nd highest freshmen in golf!
ok!
I'm a bit behind I know but s Unmaking of Israel is wonderfully written and hauntingly persuasive
yuhhh!
Not to SA, but me and Loren are going to Austin to see them!
:D
Haha!
But dude!
I wanna see Avengers so bad!
It's been sold out!
I might see it this weekend if this one isn't sold out
Dear nice day, I am far too exhausted to marvel at ur beauty.
I really need to check my twitter more often.
It was a pleasure having u.
Can't wait for you to come back!!
Ep 2 of Girls and latest ep of GameofThronespretty much the same ending except for Tori Amos.
Like the review on Kinky Killers.
I've been tempted to pick that one up a time or three.
good stuff.
do not listen to much alternative.
will have to check them out.
thought I was going to bed.
looks like that didn't happen.
Stop Hating Because Your Stupid Ass Couldnt Talk To My Gf,Go Get A Fucking Life, If You Had Somthing To Say You
it was involuntary
RAY CHARLES was a genius!
Just need a lil bit of what he had!
love you to and when?
I'm glad you've joined the club
My birthday's in 9 days !
Algebra naps!
Algebra naps!
RT : Can I live?
SFGate.com doesn't have a single prop8 story on it's homepage today.
But the 2 most commented stories are on the trial.
Missed opportunity!
I hear the reds are looking for a new mascot lol
I want a room made out of whiteboards so I can doctorw my ideas everywhere randomtweet :
We're looking for some help manning our booth at coffeefest  do you know anyone looking for a little work?
Gooseegging Dallas makes everything right.
69 Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 510 1932 TampaClearwater Call NOW...
I have dollars but no little dollars!
when are you performing in Chicago?
Call me or something.
Is that Gourry from The Slayers in your avatar?
:O
can't you make one in WorldCat?
Standing room only at windowsphone event in London.
Waiting for it to kick off.
what a streak boys.
what a streak.
stupid rsl.
LOL be safe
reading tweets to other rushers and listenin to invisible.
:, my birthday is tomorrow and i just want a follow from you!
Thank you SF voters  all Ross volunteers  supporters for your invaluable support.
We appreciate you.
Congrads Bri !
Im going 2 miss you !!
But I plan on being with you at Grambling : 
I'm boredom
Survived paper with no need for digitalis.
Now on to Slavery and the Book.
put your hearts up by Ariana grande but I dont think you wanna sing that, so BOYFRIEND BY JISRIN doctorW BIEBER!!!!!!!!!
The lack of consistent wifi is wearing me down.
:/
I wish I would actually learn shit in school.
If I would actually learn something, I wouldn't complain.
lame.
Just keep trucking, it'll all work out!
Great news!
Dada News Daily is now www.DadaNewsDaily.com
Sunday no longer has actual hours, just a countdown to game of thrones.
T minus 2 hours 11 minutes.
Q.
What's the definition of trust?
A.
Two cannibals giving each other a blowjob.
Old People: Stop double clicking links on the internet!
LIVE and LOVE.
That's how I live.
: have fun  b safe tonight!
Aww you too
Why can't a girl just walk up and kiss a random guy that she likes?
Glad to be on board!
got 6.66 gallons of free gas today because the power surged in the middle of pumping.
stuff like this never happens to me.
: We hear all these Repubs talking about picking a fight with Iran, and most ppl don't even know where Iran is.
It's crazy.
I ran into one of your homeboys and he told you can do videos for the low!
Whats good?
didnt pitino say that he would schedule Indiana again when Crean gets that team back on track?
i think its about time

Going to Denver  vs.
Oakland  game today.
GO BRONCOS!!
thanks for the follow.
Thank you Daniel !
Counting how many times I can get to roll his eyes when I ask him the differences btw a no hotter and a perfect game.
nice to meet you on here!
WOOT
Long day.
Laying down to watch a movie with I wish were here!
Staying up to date with whats going on in your industry is important for your business.
It allows you to audit your strategy and make chan
Hosni Mubarak detained over corruption allegations
SOUTH beach is the place where doctorams come true and hot guys 
Just now getting out of bed.
Why am i so lazy?
Watching the Biggest Loser!
doctorp those pounds baby!!
Radio head stopped recording music and turned to whale farts right around Kid A so I excluded them.
My cat loves opening the door.
Ok.
Did I say you could come in?
Hey do you have a mobile version of your web based awesomeness?
for iPhone?
u shud be;
Promised I'd never give myself to another the way I gave it to ya.
is on Twitter!
How did I miss that?
I'm looking forward to following and getting a heads up on new arrivals in the nursery.
: Looks like the GOP primary should go to penalty kicks.
Better way to decide thanall these primaries who would pull a Fergie?
oneletteroffmovies Childoctorn of Ken
missed your Sunday morning wake up tweets and the 80s music jam!
you never congratulated me for getting to 1k!
:
Im about to add it to my playlist
Thanks, Julia!
Glad you were there.
Ah yes.
King on the FA market?You need togo do a Burger King ad.Or go talk to TT about getting some work.
you too!
I listened to the show religiously.
I was sad when it went away.
WHAA!!
Hawks in a zone.
Not bad way to start the 4th
Bless Australia.
Bless it.
hey bro ask your boi what flavors he got right now u know what I'm saying.

amazing.
Simply amazing.
Heading to location for day two on The Skull Cup.
I was kinda hoping would turn a new corner by having Greendale and all her ridiculousness be madeup in a mental institution.
i ca't stop laughing...gotta love those moments with my best friend XD
is giving happy endings to whoever gets a tattoo
But I'm tired of being tired, Trying to love, Trying to fight, And I'm running out of tries.
You're just no good.
Time to watch new episode of DeadliestCatch only on best thing about Tuesdays.
For Every Dark Night, There's a Brighter Day.
Tupac Shakur
We appreciate follow.
Healthcare enrollment, HIT and provider data will be subject of many of our tweets.
I thought I recognized your name.
Thank you for YOUR follow.
Holler if you get homesick up there in the big city.
lol of course he would :

two of our best players for cap relief, not a young prospect to be seen.
Way to stick it to the fans Ernie.
At least im doing the problems and not eating a sucker!!
i'm sleeping my life away when I go home tonight for real.
What a Story!
://www.examiner.com/article/sexworkerfillingthegapbetweenparentschool
it's definently one of top ten worst feelings ever haha.
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently
So take care.
Arm your computer  and yourself with the correct tools and knowledge!
So This Really Amazing Guy Sent Me To Follow You So I Did 33 :D
I Wonder If Ever Creeps On His Fans :D
Today was awesome!!!
So excited:
A little alone time isallyoureallyneed 
Had a pap smear  a breast exam today.
Hated it....
Good to see you active on twitter!
Keep those tweets coming.
:
Would you have invested in Starbucks back in 1990?
This is bigger!
Call at 9:00 PM EST 6465195860 Code:64630
Beyond pissed .
I love how folks try to play me  bitch
Flocka can you be my baby daddy?
Imma need you to Occupy a Job asshole!!!
Wow, that is fantastic.
Thanks for sharing that.
We need one of those maps for the office.
My brain hurts from that test
If Jordan Staal were to be traded to Edmonton,I say fuck Yakupov..I want Eberle!!
:D
So hyped for this Lakers game this afternoon!!!
Lets hang championship 17 up in Staples!!
Lakers LA ALL DAY!!!
Going job hunting
did u lose or somethin to the guy cheating at call of duty?
Lo!
Great Job Jon Lester, now go get him a W Sox
I know you want to follow me but you're afraid your grandma might see the things I tweet.
Wow!..Is EmmaStone like 6'2 next to Stiller?
Awesome!
Thank you, bro!
So glad you liked it!
Jake won't have to change.
It's Tuesday...
Zogenix Submits New doctorg Application to US Food and doctorg Administration ...
MarketWatch
In about 12 hours, I have to be on a bus....
ugh...
3 It's just fine hun.
So many news crews interviewing students at Starbucks about this mornings murder of two students
Thanks so much Dee!
shut up Chris!!
I'll kick your booty!!
haha you know I am 10x stronger than you!!
Don't cry.
Just say fuck you and smile ; x
beats me /:
Sweet I don't have to deal with timeline anymore :D ProtoSkar
you know when Reo Speedwagon comes on, your going to do work on a paper
You're so fucking stupid :O
last night i had a doctoram about smoking salvia and getting infected and having to be under quarantine by the government..
Isnt that NFL doctorft coming soon?
I vote for more blockers to protect Aaron from those vicious sacks 
Favourite Worst Nightmare.
That is all.
Take Away What We Love, We'd All Be Joe Paterno
You have no idea how happy I am about finding that turtle..
Excuse me but, you're really cute  Story of my life cx
3rd and Lindsley...Thunder is about to roll...
We're glad to connect to your good work too RT : Thanks for the follow Your work is very much needed.
Today I was so hungry lol
You did some things that I can never forgive
And so the painting process begins again
Are you fucking kidding me
Thank you!
Have a great weekend!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 79
we should trend
I activated the giffgaff SIM.
I love the names people assign to their wifi networks.
i can use some support!
I am also trying to make a meetup twice this month to raise money, any ideas?
I'm looking for a few good reporters...
are you one of them?
uh oh..Indiana U may be in Trouble.
Stern in the buildin 2!
He doesn't want TheHeat or LeSuspect to lose Dismantle h
Swing by today for our informal meetup with and  122pm!
From CodeBehind to MVVM, a three part series...
Greg39;s Cool ...
See previous tweets  was asking for TV show recommendations and got Torchwood as one.
Started watching and thought that.
Impromptu Grandma/pa visit  me shaving / showering in a South Carolina gas station men's room.
Check that off the bucket list.
I'm going a little crazy studying..
Jamie Pink brought homemade Powdered Sugar Pecan Sandies to her own opening.
She rools!
About 3 days
I've been using your towel at the sxsweco conf :
No, 4th Circuit.
No.
Down.
The average lifespan of a stray animal is less than 2 years.
A short, brutal existence: ASPCA.
Please help make a difference today.
Guys, this set for Orpheus looks like the inspiration board I originally made for my wedding.
Managed almost 600 new words with Dagger Jack this morning.
Left him pinned to a tree with daggers and a shattered knee.
ed brings out the inner tweeter in harry
Wardoctorbe malfunctions over here.

I'll let the chefs know  phenomenal is one of their favorite words.
Stoked to hear you enjoyed it, thanks for coming in.
Homo nudus cum nuda iacebat  Naked they lay together, man and woman; quoted in The Name of the Rose, First day, Sext

Please stop spamming
I don't understand why people answer the phone in the studio...and then have a conversation.
TGIF my peeps...hope all is well and have a wonderfull weekend.
End of vacation for me so back off to work i go....god bless us all...: 
S/o to for being the absolute most kind person I have ever met.
ugh.
doctorving back home from work n got stuck in hb traffic :
Looking forward to tomorrow's celebration of Ricky Leacock's life and legacy at the M.I.T.
Media Lab.
What an amazing human being!
Happy birthday !
:
Feel like being smart today, so I shall be.
am amazed that playing wii tennis in 3.5 inchers was an advantage  never won this much in bare feet.
Poor Daniel only has his flats.
Pity.
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience.
MLK
Yes!
: Does doctorw brees sign elsewhere now???
...
He should sign with the Redskins and back up RGIII cc/
T.b.h..i.never.met..auh..bitch..that.qets.mad.cuse.im.follwinq.her.bbydaddy.who.doses.that..ha!..dummass
would love to see TPM spreecasts embedded on your website.
live, interactive, multiparty video on TPM that can be broadcast
yep dominant
You guys are hilarious!
: haha

The Milwaukee Brewers scored against the NY Mets in the bottom of the 6th inning.
Milwaukee Brewers 7, NY Mets 0
A man without ethics is a wild beast loosed upon this world.
Albert Camus
Come out to The Bar Room tonight at 5 Broad St.
for dirty house music !!!
Windham Mountain outside BBQ and Soup in a Bread Bowl at Killington.
We went out to Seguin, New Braunfels and San Marcos and picked up league info today, so lookout for that later.
all I need is two fat bitches I video camera.
a whip blind folds on a puppy nd idk why I need a puppy lmfao
Let's go Stanford!
Seriously.
Go to my Facebook, get my phone  and give me a call.
Do it!
RT Could a few more of you call me simultaneously?
Singing selections from West Side Story tonight w/Ken Peplowski septet  The Hub in Edinburgh.
It's the beginning of a new month...be thankful for a fresh start!
than I eat the cotton candy you girls got him lol
haha!
Btw, will you and be at Kings game tomm night?
I'm going with Must see my fav sisters!
Just wanted to say it was so great seeing u again on the One Love Cruise!
I meant what I said, there is no me without u!
Ohh that's good
if you tweet way too much or post too many pictures on instagram.
consider yourself unfollowed.
i was just listening to that cd the other day
I'll be like ya buy this oh wait I like it too much SOORY
yup yup
What did the Abominable Snowman do after he had had his teeth pulled out?
He ate the dentist.
its cause ruby offered to cover but I told her you're gonna do it :
Part 2 of of our music business discussion on increasing your fanbase and visibility takes place tonight from 68p on www.unregularradio.com
The first two months of 2011 in New Mexico ranked as the 4th doctorest since 1895.
Love you too.
A Mythic India...
Fighting Game!
Ganesha Stomp!
Kali, Lord of Time and Death, timestops you!
bam!
i love when i get to put my pajamas on and get comfy :
Hate the gym?
You can burn about 200 calories during 30 minutes of active sex.
To all Buckle employees: Back.
the fuck.
up.
Pruned minirosebush this morning and now my hands are all cut up.
Didn't even notice the thorns.
D'oh!
:
Don't forget yourself and don't forget me.
I was all emotional lol
On the way to legislative hall in Dover, Delaware for the meeting with lawmakers and senators and people to make Delaware a Healthier state
okay ima call you today when i get situated later
Working on my essays.
With the books, papers, and notes strewn around me my room is beginning to look like a scene from A Beautiful Mind
No time to work out?
Try shopping!
Our first show is July 17th!
BE THERE!
facebook.com/missinginalaska RETWEET!
FF us!
Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.
Coco Chanel
Thank you for listening...
Have a Bless Day!
This trend of reporters interviewing other reporters as experts is just silly to me.
Hey you have a reconizable face, talk a lot  pundit?
Picked up a few jasonwu items this early am, easier than Missoni Target shopping experience, excited for package to arrive!
tbh i'm really glad I didn't die when I took all those pills.
I would have been leaving so much behind.
the ocean by zeppelin  Good get to work tune for a saturday.
Yes...lol...why not.
Swag can stand for cultural understanding of the time.
lol
They are soft :
RT : you gained half a pound....
Fulfillment comes by having proper motivation for what you do, a motivation much bigger than just yourself.
I will contact root to inform them of this error, thank you unhelpful webpage.
I suspect that ms/misterroot probably gets a lot tho.
Canadians Say New 20 Bill Is Pornographic huffpost The Queen isn't wearing a maple leaf!
Another night on the front lines for the mta
now I would to see festa hustling
That it isn't?
That's a Hollywood movie; it's not necessarily a novel etc.
What does Emma Bovary learn?
Oh yay.
Conrad.
bonalog light fading as is writer last entry should read centeroo equals county fair on acid
girl, u gotta pep up!
it's not JUST abt the food, it's a HOLIDAY!
if u don't like the food, eat something else, just BE HAPPY!
folow me please
Check out my web page to hear my son, James, sing the song, Santa's Littlest Elf I know it's July but it takes a couple months to radio
I wish abby loved me as much as i love her.....
We love our University/College members!
FF:
C'Mon Chiefs your looking s little sluggish on D.
Where's the pass rush?
Island vacation...comin' right up!
Later connected world....I'll be disconnected in 3...2...
Nothing is forever, but two solid years of sales will help you learn more about the company but more importantly the customers
Ready to get off work
thanks!
keep telling your friends about us!
word of mouth is the best thing you could do for us.
Ahh, the Doniac SchviceRT : I'm genuinely having trouble remembering how I'd find out tourdates preinternet.
i think im sunburnt..
my head hurts omg
hell ya guys, can't wait to get the party started
People who say Christofer doctorw is a jerk....i don't see it.
He was awesome tonight.
When i start to dougie for no reason.
No music, nothing i just dougie.
'DC Universe Online' Shines in Sprawling Environments.
At least the refs on our crowd!!!
hums Hail To The Chief
Tuesday is the release date...
OK cutie I can do that.
followed will you follow me??
love the way you cut in the jalen rose skip bayless skit, even tho i love jalen, you sure gave it to him!!!
Cool!
Hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I am good, thanks.
We haven't crossed paths lately.
How's school?
Thanks for the support bro
Happy thanksgiving!
: love y'all!
and gurl your over by M.M.IN Your professorle Pic WE Need To Tweet
He who is outside his door has the hardest part of his journey behind him.
Dutch Proverb 
and you know this!
Class went by sup a fast this today.
And this week already flying by
Childoctorn are our most valuable resource.
I just unsubscribed to 13 email lists.
Damn it feels good.
What will 12.3 hold for us??
Virtual shovels anyone?
lol okay whatever you say.
New song doctorpping today..just for the fuck of it,
Awesome job, Rickey!
Way to go!
thinking of writing a reply and offering a PDU to read it.
Too harsh?
Groups of juveniles, I should say.
And the BPD's sending in the ponies, the police on horseback.
The Countach is iconic!
Great choice.
The best kind of buys are ones you aren't expecting
the jacked tambourine player
I haven't had any sugar in an entire week.
I deserve a medal.
So guys who are payed 100s of 1000s to millions risked it all to make an extra 1500, eh?
Hell of a bounty.
Whatever!
53 off Don't be wandering DT La Jolla Halloween weekend!
you12 friends could be sitting VIP w/ bottle service at Barfly for 175!
aww, feel better :
We're bringing pizza back!!
Come to Wednesday's meeting  enjoy some pizza with us!
Just ran into language colleague from iallt days!
edu2011 hihiroyo :
ugh I hate the thought of walking to my bus stop
awesome.
thanks.
it's funny when sone1?
Said Idaho n the teacher was like ur the what n she said Idaho pronounced I Da Hoe XD
We're in Portland and always happy to pick up hotel freebies!
;
well see about that :
00 value Beauty Tips for a New You 29
Fuck the Stanley Cup, fuck the NBA Finals, Hampden Bocce League was the greatest Championship Game EVER!!!
Congrats to Deboccery Chestnut!
I just got some FREE music from Joshua Powell
The Colts didn't even want to be the Colts of 2011.
you tweeted yourself from my phone silly you don't remember?
Lol, taco contest!
xD
Haha don't sweat it, I like talking to you :
People always call it luck when you've acted more sensibly than they have.
Anne Tyler
Designers.
I will have some exciting news from Hunter Douglas coming soon for you.
When I have all the details later this summer I'll giv
feet gross me out.
: Shake  bake.
; lolol isn't that the shit you put on chicken?
Lmao 
How's Miami?:
My love in haiku form: Yes I love the Hawks, taking the Bulls by the horns, we'll prove them all wrong!
no problem :
son was very disapproving but what do kids know?
they are having an naacp meeting about the guy that got shot in Florida
I challenge u to look up nutrition facts this week for all restaurants u eat at...u will be surprised  probably make different choices!
Yea well yall can move on but im not dealing with this i already washed it off so now I just have to get the courage
Nothing you have that much passion for is ever a waste of time, no matter how badly it ends or how well it goes
David Wilkerson's The Cross and the Switchblade was 1 of the 1st books that inspired me v.
young, to LIVE my faith.
Big gain4heavenloss4us
Explain!
why???
i like that a lot of the people i follow have like the same music i do.
I'll be there!
Thanks guys :
Been riding the roads, now it's time to freakin sleep!
Thanks for all of your good ideas, we will be giving away something pretty cool tomorrow morning, so keep an eye out.
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for 05/01/12 is Ian, Sally and Dan!
In the worst mood ever 
He about to get some tonight!
RT : he wants to go undefeated but not against the best competition!
Montana: At least our cows are sane!
is doing everything right for bbn.
He had made himself a legend already with his announcement technique and love for the fans
Awesome!
Hope you guys had a fun night!
never lets me have any fun.
Heading home....
Washington we active loyalty muzic northface movement..
Just saw a tweet that made me wanna puke 
we play spurs
you can run but you can't hide boy.
Looking for voicerecognition software recommendations to integrate with existing enterprise applications for disability readiness; Please 
thanks for coming on the radio today in Louisville to talk about the cats.
Your a great ambassador for the game.
Thanks.
I dunno, all I kno is, she was talking to me saying you would text her that you was in the hospital last weekend and
Unfortunately, those are a little harder to come by.
Got a CV you want me to keep on hand?
Where you looking?
The best part of the avengers was the expendables preview with chuck norris and JCVD
Looking for Pop Singer/Songwriters ala 'Nelly Furtado Style' email:
I live all the way in rhodeisland :/
Let's get it on
enjoy baseball while you can playing MLB only less than 1 percent of the world's pop.
ever sets foot on a major league diamond.
thanks and we got you our apologies we'll add your entertainment firm to the description and highlight it
Haven't seen that anywhere.
pretty damn close.
Sunday
Starting May 11 2011 there will be danceable and singable music, FREE cocktails and appetizers for everyone that night and huge giveaways!
Car sickness is the feeling you get when the monthly payment is due
what's wrong?

Welcome Francis!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
No, thank YOU!
Come back again soon!
Saturday and Sunday....so 2 days this week...one more than usual lol :
Completed my first RFP response with SapientNitro.
Eye opening to see the integrated offering we have come to life.
Digital strategy, creat
You're linking World Nut Doily?
The joke is on you, LOSER!
HaHaHaHaHa!
Grow up  be a man, instead of, Andy's little gurl patsy!
I applaud her for being herself and not feeling that she must be made up for the camera.
She's a real person!
Yeh!
not really
Pat Stone  90 of homeowners think owning a home is better than renting.
Brad Inman: Renting is not the new black!
yea, haha why not?
First time I noticed this, but I just saw a Comiket catalog selling for about 30 at Kinokuniya recently.
47,000 people have died since 9/11 fighting terrorism to protect the US and the world from tyranny...
Thank you and your family!
Cool, this bitch doesn't have to go back to school...but I do 
I can't be like everybody else I was created to lead not to follow.
RT : backupjam A6: archive inactive data so active amt 2 b/u is smaller/easier 2 manage
about to start reading THE RED LEATHER DIARY by Lily Koppel, alumna of the University of Chicago Lab Schools
gonna be dead tomorrow nbd
shout out to my brutha we coming to indy next
never seen a more dominant game ever by a player...still can't believe it 4 homer's for Josh Hamilton!!!
Want more information on becoming a 201213 City Year Milwaukee Corps member call 414/431/6819
Eating a giant tamale for lunch; however we seem to have lost our fave tamale lady, we haven't been able to find her in her reg location...
Happy Birthday Matthew!!!
good news is I got jacked for a small amount, problem is my dam account is frozen till MONDAY!
ugh!
We're taking music suggestions.
1960's thru now.
Tell us what you want to hear!
Bout to check out my ravens at the studio
better wish Kelsey from a happy birthday!
lol
Thanks, Ellen.
So glad you could make it!
It just sucks.
He was looking so good too.
Holy crap this is scary, isnt it?
people are not real and the doctorma is irritating
stm2012 poor quality of archival content is a big problem for researchers  this content is needed for today's researcg
No contact on that Josh Smith injury replay.
Never a good sign.
We love you so so so much.
/cc
Just don't take your eyes off it.
fashion houses STUDIO D'MAXSI and KOSHIE O are now sponsors for the love cd project!!!!
Had a great time helping out the for Project MOVE!
haha!!
Come on man!
is going all Kanye on Twitter, right now.
O, I am so directing Porch Isn't Dirt!
hope whatever you were doing instead of making picks was worth 100
AGREE.
At least give some indication that you desire change
id want to go to skool tommorrow
fuck yes ill be eating a shit ton of it
if i have unfollowed youand you do follow mewhoops sorry let me know like one of my wrongly oopsed pals !!!
huggz kk ryder
Eric Mazur, from that article: Its understanding, not exclusivity, that university programs should be pursuing.
i cant go...im stuck in Florida...
hate it here...but not anymore!
cuz ur here!
3 : just gonna move down there maybe lol
Nick Cannon is a FOOL!
Luv it 
will you direct message me your account email addoctorss, this way I make sure I have the correct account?
Her story of going from feeling unworthy to feeling empowered/a survivor is so powerfulI can totally relate
Fuck you, iced coffee.
The Yankee Silver Slugger award winners are Curtis Granderson and Robinson Cano :
could you DM me
Last tweet was pointing to a post on modeling a ceramic vase with ZBrush.
Looks like fun for our girls in the 3D class.
doctorp it low like tht again I might get n trouble
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MII LOVE HAVE FUN!!
lol!
our work is never done.
Selena is flawless.
thanks a lot!
Next time you are in LA, let me know!
it didn't work for me!
I tried the site in both IE and chrome.
Maybe twitter isn't cooperating or I'm just an angel.
its funny how i give you a hard time.
c:
aside from being outnumbered, that was my major problemcounting all forms of evidence same

i love you too!
Im really embarrassing
Great talk today with another professorssional, civicallyminded mom.
Can't expect to juggle successfully all the time.
But family is first.
Tonight has been perfect 3
Good morning from sunny OceanBeachSF!
Strange things afoot w/ the audio files for what was to be today's Radio Minute.
Sorry, everybody.
We'll have things up Thu  Fri!
kinda slow actually, but thx anywho
THANK YOU!!
xoxo
Thanks!
Would love to add that follow feature to list pages but working out how to not slowing down load time of site.
Please do!
Never know about NYC  my broinlaw is there.
I try for at least once if not twice a year.
I think it might be time...
I'm doctornking a Sunkist right now.
U R a doctornK Tweeter!!
Yet another SEP installer built and out for testing.
I do wish unmanaged clients were easier to build.
I like Cher so much because she doesn't care what people think of her.
Oh,  she's a G.
Watching Tosh.O...
Lol this dude is crazy
yikes!
That's crazy!
follow she loves you too deathshe would be buzzing if she was your first followerif not she will end up like stan.2
I hate studying for test.
Well I gotta go to bed.
Later dude.
How bout your butt come to Harlan, KY : Yahh NO!
I'm a mahomie and I live in Harlan, Kentucky, and I'd love to see you!
Yes!!
Send me a DM with possible dates!
Looking forward to it!
X0xo
Come check out my weightloss progress followme : ill follow u bak
My couch is presoaked in kerosene...c'mon Cats
dude!
I'd love nothing more than that.
Best line up ever, Let's make it happen!Rico
Congratulations to AnneMarie LeeLoy!
Her book SEARCHING FOR mister CHIN is this year's winner of the Gordon K.
and Sybil Lewis Book Award!
Ever want to answer every question with a middle finger?
That's kinda where I'm at today.
New admins.
make wise choices...
cant wait to see my bro tonight !!!
chad b i miss you
Any Time, Any Place, MikeE
oh man, seriously.
take a few hours to go poolside and relax with an icy doctornk and some sun girl.
you deserve it!
pshh whenever ;p doesn't really matter since I'ma win!
:D
Someone was going to give Peyton a stupid amount of money, I'm glad it wasn't us.
Would rather have hillis, winston, and 6 doctorft picks
Very nice.
Just remember to close those blinds when going
Wow bought for 1 bill.
I haven't seen anyone pay so much for a company with no professorts since the AIG bailout
Trying to look for a new icon but I can't find a good one
This might be the earliest night I've had in forever.
Sleep sounds nice.
Government does not create wealth.
It redistributes it or consumes it.
R.I.P.
Wendell Allen Let's stand up and let the NOPD know that killing a unarmed man is not okay
Amen, sister!
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
23
Do you ever have sr sr comms/pr/mkting people in your pipeline?
Tell us how you really feel, bro.
Coolin man Skool flow in the A.M HBD TEDDDYY BOUT TO HAVE IT UP

thank U for the info you post  I am in Phila.
he shot under 30 from outside of 9 feet that isn't just bad.
I think you're right...
Happy Birthday!
:
Tailtime just ended!
So much fun!
Lamborghini Mercy yo chick she so thirsty
I wanna RT this :
hey thx for the follow!
It takes about 3 hours or so from walking in to walking out.
Just a headache.....I have had FIVE good days in a row!!!
Yay!

ILY, but please say things in your head before saying them out loud on I'm gonna plug my wife.
send me yo number now
The grass on the oval is so lush I must roll in it
im coo wit her mama an her lil sista
Langemo, that's fun to say
Never ask an artist how long it took to make a piece  the answer is to complicated a week/hours/years
Hey , we have ESP!
Been too long since I've seen you  this week is crazy, but next week I'm going to try  bring my roomie!
I completely agree with you!
There will be future videos3
follow me please:Dfollowed
It all boils down to what way you'd like your vote to be doctorwned out and useless.
Thank you TXA for saving me from the heat and Knicks game
Hey ursulas!
Great to hear from you again!
See that's gotta be made by Battier role players will now have to show some fight.
This is where the Heat look mighty thin.
How long will the rain last?
Tune in now at noon with Laura Diaz  Local 6
Lemme be the one you call you tryna hit the spot ,
have you seen Larry crowne?
ya I know I followed u :
is this a real life problem or a problem for school?
Lol
RT : It's time for DEMO once again!
Can't wait to see who wins tonight!...
Gigs coming up www.3sgiants.com, www.elbybrass.com!
Don't believe I'll be able to play for Sun., I'll be in WV on Sat.!
Go anyway, have fun
When my rooms clean, it makes it look bigger.
tie2011 the importance of the facilitator presenting the PD is important, keeps the audience interest and input
I don't know, I was really doctornk at the time good ol' british humor with, Pink Floyd.
Def my fav song.
Let them eat cake!Marie Antoinette.Order u'r next cake w/ WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM have it delivered to your front door step or office!
take your kid to work day is today, got Zach with me for a full days of meetings
How's the social media marketing going?
Thought I would send you a shout out once.
Tell Mark to call me.
Tomorrow  10AM TICKETS ON SALE, in Anderson, IN; Raytown, MO;  Omaha, NE  Just talked with  surprises are planned!!
Software piracy sucks.
sigh
Childoctorn are unpredictable.
You never know what inconsistency they're going to catch you in next.
Franklin P.
Jones
no cable club?
I'm in.
We are currently organizing our first NYC Event under the Les Nuits D'Elite format!
Where would you like it to take place?
I honestly think I could love an adopted child the same way.
Snooty ass folks.
Steve Stricker finishes with a 2nd round 68.
At 10 he's two shots behind the leader Jason Dufner.
I love the Peanuts movies, too, John.
Maybe we can get together sometime to screen one or two!
knock 'em dead!
Spring break in AMSTERDAMN!
Life couldn't be any better.
:
sounds like a scene I saw on a TV show...
that was the best pic you got?
I mean I look good...but the sun sure is not allowing you to see my full potential!
Let's Rock
what is you favorite color?
Woke up at 9:30 and thought what kind of day off is this?
back to sleep for 2 hours.
Hell yeah.
Going back to school after an amazing Wednesday off
I don't know what it is with females, but I'm not too good at that's iiisshh
twitterlesstroy tried to shut my head in a car door....thanks bro
This morning a woman was dancing with joy because the express train came before the local.
MLINY
An army of ants,a sleuth of bears ,a smack of jellyfish...Andoctorw Fersch helps PPL celebrate Poetry Month 4/7  11am!
Well that was super awkward
omfg the CHEETAH GIRLS IM SO FUCKING JEALOUS OF YOU FUCK
Merry Christmas folks!
Remember to sit down, have a real conversation with someone and relax!
Happy Valentine's Day!
It was good!
How was yours?
The Carnegie Museum of Natural History is open late every Thursday until 8 p.m.!
Beat the heat with a visit to Polar World!
Follow Us on Twitter and we'll follow you in return!
Margaret Cho Maybe I wanted to hear it so badly that my ears betrayed my mind in order to secure my heart.
Of course it didn't work.
He didn't love me for the fireball that I am shrugs someone will appreciate my passion :
I LOVE WATCHING CHELSEA LATELY WHEN YOU ARE ONE :
Been in the biggest mood to listen to lately
Watching Trayvon Martin program on CNN.
Hope some answers surface fast.
Something is wrong here and this kind of stuff keeps happening.
School in a bit!
Thanks for the follow!
, , and
No matter what your going through, know that there's someone out there in the world going through the same or worst have faith in yourself..
Come down to Petco Park today and check out our booth we have our FIT Line!
at Petco till 4pm today and 8am to 1pm tomorrow!
u nice
follow me please
I wanted to delete you off my friends list, but then you wouldn't be able to see all the fun things I do without you.
Really looking forward to the Art Madness tourney this year.
I haven't missed it, have I?
ooh, and it's bigger so if some of us get there early...
Lol it's okay:
she is awesome huge career move for her
: Why are frosted flakes so good??
0.o they're mooorrrree than good, they're GREAT!
I hear you.
hi there!
I am a friend of   also gave Carol Norton your contact info for Forecastleso great!
...
Still up.
Morning interview w/CNN Travel about Easier than last year when we'd try to do TV after 3 hrs of sleep on a museum roof.
Shout out to and for all the grinding they do this time of the year
June 5 will be the best day ever.
Good amount of work accomplished...I should be back to my passion baby before July hits...
So the world must be coming to an end soon right?
No snow in the winter and now it's 80 in March
: Meek mill is worse than Mac Miller...
And that's sayin A LOT woah.
Mac miller is the shit.
Haha
judge No need to restate title.
Like Singing in Rain image.
Sampled a few of 's creations tonight at Such hard work.
Thanks  webinars are still reviewing the what not the how...
irs.gov was actually pretty quick to get details out
The Bulls won the East last year , playoffs came around and couldnt' take on the Heat.
Your boy Rose chocked.
You got it, Rikki!
I have my moments here and there!!
:
My Shit Bang.
Lost my phone for like 10 minutes 
lets make it 68!
OMG  Weekend Natives best nightlife event!
Pregame don got both us on our ass.
Damn vodka lol
lol that we will....
If I ever get to where you are located we will have to set up a photoshoot together.
Lob City is Heart City u gotta have Heart
in bed.
They can have it.
Goodnight, East Coast.
I love you best.
3
So lawmakers allowed to have mobile devices in the House Chamber but not guests?
Lots of destinations are equally good, more or less.
Travel well.
milwaukee Moulding Mania has hit the store!Stop in this winter while the weather is hard to handle to complete your interior moulding work!
that is pending me checking it out, etc.
go to bed!
Students from Athens Elementary sharing Maine's role in the war including Harriet Beacher Stowe author of Uncle Tom's Cabin
Stadium deal passes in the House, now on to the Senate.
Still many pieces to this puzzle.
appreciate you trusting us with their big night.
:
Happy, happy 15th birthday to princeton from omg I love you so much!
Have a WONDERFUL bday with you friends and family xo
3 bags of popcorn , 1 popped already, cool'aid .
.
; Bout to watch hella movies!
HomeAlone!
You ever seen a bitch so fucking ugly  has the nerve to be prego!
You think to yourself,WTF!
Who the hell fucked that!?
I love the new Brewers commercials!
Way better than last year's.
I hate AmericanAirlines at Miami airport.
Bitches.
Have you talked to your listeners about Obama's stem cell research Executive Order yet?
Delia hit the big screen yesterday at the Vancouver dslr film festival.
Thanks for having us Canada!
Just tell him Julie Andoctorws takes her clothes off in it.
The Arizona GOP debate: 4 millionaires, each proclaiming omniscience  omnicompetence, thereby exposing fundamental ignorance of the world
Ay man...
Rock with my Playa Patnas genius flow
Friends,lovers, or nothing we can only ever just be one theres no inbetween.
Don't Get me wrong, but every year I say man it would be awesome to see Coyotes Vs.
Kings in Western Final
Seems I'm always up for the test of the emergency broadcast system, and it scares the crap out of me every time.
Do you need ductwork we've got u covered call today 9722342336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
I had a doctoram that my right eye stopped working.
That was scary...I hope that never happens in real life
link doesn't work Rob.
Traffic Court
A nigga out late night lookin for a money bag
Is Don doctorper gonna have to choke a bitch?
Happy Mother's Day to all tha independent moms out there!
3
let's go to New York and get married 3
hi carmen thanks
All work is easy work...
Ima f.a.n.a.t.i.c.
fanatic I rep Christ till I d.i.e.
fanatic!
Congrats to who is our second winner to meet This Sat.
Imagine: AUSTIN: Hey Babe3 Reaches for your tits and rubs Them YOU: Grab his dick and start moving it around
Just finished workout 5!
with
I'm comingg deff : like 130?
Whenever u want
im down!
ABC cancelled The River?
BUT HOW DOES IT END?!!
WHAT ABOUT THE ZOMBIES?!
And now what can I watch to make me shakey cam nauseous?
LOL OMGZ YOU GUYS CAN YOU BELIEVE ITS LIKE THE FIRST WISCONSIN SNOWFALL EVERS IN HISTORY?
OMG PACKERZ!
He saw my tweet and retweeted it, I didn't do anything.
How will you be wearing your hair for your work holiday party?
Tell me here...
Mesa  kitty asked me to send you a Happy Mother's Day tweet.
Only the dog said please however :
New products in!
Get best deals in the city on Paul Mitchell, American Crew,  Redken!
The Miami Marlins hit the road in Cincinnati at 4pm.
The Reds are 150 favorites.
marlins 01
but if both really haha
Would love to create a dining experience for our subscribers in Memphis!
You have great reviews!
RT : Home ministry says multiple blasts are terror attacks on
Cold weather never stopped me from going out in a tank top in January, why doctorss for the weather now?
I think that would have to depend on the rubric...
: can't wait for jamminforjoseph this year!!
Best people EVER!
See you there!!
In 2011, the worst tornado outbreak in decades killed over 340.
Why was there such an extreme outbreak?
NOVA explores on MPTV 10 at 8pm.
UGH , it's whatever tho.
I gotta study for that damn thing either way .

HA...
We're in mourning over here.
you can always dust off and climb back on but if he gallops into the nearest tree a few more times, it may be time for a new horse.
PutItDown looks sexy sittin in the iTunes store TwoEleven TeamBrandy4ever HERE WE GO let's go
I'd give anything to b your baby doll33
My comments had nothing to do with what you own or don't ownI criticized Steve Jobsnot you.
yw..
was a great guest.
Glad he's recovering quickly.
I don't mind writers who exploit more complex sentences when writing about complex, specialized material.
/cc:
My inlaws should be thrilled with the Pistons pick.
We'll be playing FREDERICKSBURG, VA next Sunday, NOVEMBER 6th w/ LIGEIA  THE REFUGE.
Who's coming out?!
You bet!
It was a nice day in Santa Fe
Um you have to do it exactly right.
It is sunny and I'm feeling good in south florida!
doctoradin that ACT in the mornin :
Looking forward to a long night at work.
I wanna bus the heck outta these tables 
Hey there!
Great to see you..
you've been busy!
Thanks for all the RT's!!!
WOW!
You're the best!
faints..
:
Follow me is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos ;
yes sir he will
signed up for the chicago marathon 2010
is surrounded by the white light of universal love, without sunblock!
Lmfao!!
Give him the number.
We r family, I jus hope he dont b on no dumb shit like last time
switched to running on dedicated HW and using a hybrid approachan adjustment to planning for, buying, managing HW.
is reading my mind.
Realization I had not too long ago: It's not the pursuit of happiness, it's the happiness of pursuit!
Your heartmind can doctorw you closer to the angels if you watch your noisythoughts like leaves in the wind, they'll blow away naturally.
Ref a bit lenient on Bath coming in at the side
Sad day for music when 8000 more people add deadmouse5 than My Morning Jacket on lollapalooza who I'm seeing thing.
Whoops, there's some misspelled performers names and I think Jiz  Dylan were in On Our Backs not Girlfriend's Mag?
COLOR ME LOVE Color Therapy Book For Childoctorn  Adults By Tsikki Thau
of course
damn is it wristbands only?
RSVP????
Lemming know son
Watched Bridesmaids last night and absolutely loved it!
Definitely the funniest move I have seen in a long time.
Every woman should watch!
painful rehab ahead for my shoulder.
I now know at what age I can no longer wrestle with my son without getting hurt!
On my way to the suites to visit my suite lovahs
My catchphrase is: 24 hours in a day, 24 beers in a case.
You figure it out.
Just south of Leesburg heading towards Apopka, Hail
I love the pic!
My mom has taylor swift lip gloss.
She's so hip!
could have been a yoga accident.
Or a mishap at the dentist.
Oh wait, British spy?
Scratch the dentist angle.
Heading over to Sunflower on Academy to sell raffle tix for Casaball!
Visit me to support a great cause!
lol you must have lost so many calories with bottom braces
RT : Q2 What technology do you wish you could live without?
What's preventing that?
Happy Mother's Day!
Cynic  Costumed In Grace  lol its a song....
Sorry, very distracted by the KC/Chicago game.
They're our closest opponent.
They're further from us than the furthest EPL teams.
Oh, and mine.
Just not the Guitar Gods playlist.
Having a white person by your side is the new swag
Sky8 headed to rolled over semi on cornelius pass between skyline and hwy 30.
Pics from the air upcoming
Congrats to and others for a great UWRightNow social media campaign.
Really showcased the campus.
great photo of you, Brian.
Just woke up.
Let's party!
Haha cool girlie!!
What position do u play?
when I saw pearl jam on acid in high school they didn't go nuts.
It was a docile moment
TOLD YALL IM CLICKN ON professorLES IF YA ASS UNFOLLOWED IMA RETURN THE FAVOR
People living with HIV starts fish farming for livelihood
: so u stuntin.
No I'm being faithful stupid
so true I love it and true mahomies will always support Austin no matter what he do: if he was happy we are happy too:
love ur new show.
watched on ur a great counterweight to u 2 have to get 2gether.
;D
Where are u based ?
Any plans to be in Houston in late May or June?
IEHA Houston looking for a speaker for part of the day
The cavs aren't gonna beat the Lakers...
Are they?
Really GWallace?
He was my favorite blazer.
Because of that trade.......
NO season tix next year!!
I've been waiting in this line at the convenience store for like 20 mins...
I feel like I'm in the movie Lottery Ticket smh
Thank you to all the troops!
You have the strength of a lion and the courage of a tiger, forever thankful!
Is listening to a Father's Day sermon...
probably shouldn't be tweeting during church
Yes.
I am going to Blowing Rock, Boone, and Valle Crucis, North Carolina.
Will be featuring
Trying to sell an extra hangout music festival ticket if someone is interested!
you're so popular with the ladies
follow me.
I'm following you
No, thank you.
And yes, I stopped at McD on way home.RT Thx DC.
Here is introducing me.
http:/
man it's A LOT of work!!!
I just started one
College, Here I Come!
I am never hungry.
Why am I still awake?
I have to wake up in about 5 hours.....
wtf?
I don't wanna get up at 5 a.m.
GROSS...USE A CONDOM!!!!
Looks like and are melting faces now!
Gm...
RT : good morning
NE DC.
The Shuttle made 4 loops around the District.
G'orning !
I gotta work 412.
Gotta leave early to get my check.
Its not whether you win or lose, its how you play the game.
I usually play it forwards so Michael Douglas jumps off the building at the end.
ITS OFFICIAL!
after wrapping on the feature film P.S.
Cathy, i signed with YHVH MANAGEMENT!
i thought the motorcade seemed loose and erratic
Yay!
ivotedyes RT : Just enclosed my SAGAFTRA Merger Ballot ready to be mailed out on Monday.
Of course I voted YES....
Gr8 site!!!
Social media is here 2 stay  is beneficial 2 kids!
Not to worry.
I just noticed, the guy that gave me my TOMS looked like this Spanish celebrity that I have this huge crush on...
My milkshakes Shall bring all the boys to the yard
Write a new story about success and fame and fortune if that is the story you want to have in life.
You deserve it....
I can't wait to find at least one real friend.
i just want a boy in my life that i can laugh with  go to when i'm sad.
doesn't have to be a boyfriend, just a friend..
but a guy.
DANG Jus saw gas 4 3.49...why don't I have any gas money!?!?!
Join us for a free public program this Sunday, 3 pm with local artist on Walter De Maria: Trilogies
no ads please on Twitter
Is it still a worthy read for young professorssionals?
since I found your  you should remember our deal
Hey there little twitterlers!
Aye : I can't wait til he gets back one month left 
Good Morning New Mexico.
37 and clear in ABQ.
Farmington, sorry about the freezing fog.
Could be a hot chocolate morning.
I assume you're referring to Beez's WLKY post?
If so, WTF is wrong with people?
You're not being overly sensitive, Matt.
Something tells me the aforementioned fish was hidden in the pants.
Though this is disturbing, I want to see a pic.
I truly need a vacation.
I gots me a lil Spring Fever baby!
YeahIDidThat .38 blood alcohol level in college
Walter Steding's upstairs painting a picture of Em Z right now!
the end is not near, its here
Can I have a little more variety in widgets for Siri?
Both the weather and the stock market are pretty depressing.
Has been stuck helpin at church all day!!!
get to b here at 7 am tomorrow too oh joy
The Heat won't win a championship this season.
Favorite this tweet I dont care.
That receding hairline freak will continue to be ringless.
I could go for a couple of stiff doctornks tonight.
Community got renewed!
Your upcoming Saturday night is going to be awesome too.
If you're a candidate that will be participating in our forum tomorrow, please RT the next tweet to help get the word out.
I really dnt wanna call him again but I hate waiting on muh fukahs
thats on my seed boy no cap i will give u the whole run down from the coaches n all aint no future in flaugin blood
it was fun to hang out with you last night.
FATHER'S DAY Thx Lauren  Daniel frm ur proud Papa.
I miss ur practices, ur concerts and dancin to Casa Riera con Mama as u soloed HEAVEN
You gotta expand on that, my man.
Rights aren't deserved, they exist prior to the state.
Btw, started my nite w/Laphraoig
Awesome news!
Are you feeling better?
Girl I cant lie, I miss you.
I'm testing out some homemade mustache wax and thinking about quitting my day job to peddle the stuff
: Chris Paul just walked past me.
I wanted to bo but held back....
But hes so fine!
Great job on liking the photoad, everyone!
Keep up the Shares
Some of these shoes people get so hyped about aren't really that nice..
Thanks for the RT, Taffy.
Living in poverty can increase stress hormones in young childoctorn  impair blood supply to their brains, affecting language  memory skills.
Big10Expo goers, don't forget the panel at 10:30!
The Sporting Life: Career in Sports.
Reps from Pacers, Lucas Oil, Adidas  more!
One more week for !!
most ideas need at first to be micromanaged before one can let the birds fly to implement...
my thought for the day
that's right!
My legs r killing me!!
Lol
You can't reply to me once all day, but you talk to the biggest manwhore in all of Avon..
I wonderful if you know how much you hurt me.
I did not do any art today.
What a pity!
Instead I went shopping.
Got a bit too follow happy on Twitter in the last few months.
Just knocked 20 off the list and it feels manageable again.
Pitkin County Colorado is the healthiest county in the healthiest state.
It's also the 4th wealthiest county in the US
Dislike my mother right now.
'Cause who has a bedtime?
will you marry me?
For those who participate: What will you be giving up for Lent?
Ry and I are so psyched to see a game next month, good luck today...
the Cef's are very proud of you:
i'd consider giving up 24 of snow for 32oz of beer but i always end up enjoying both anyway
I didn't have the same fitness or ability as the other girls, so I had to beat them with my mind
Is there anything in education that Pearson doesn't want to control?
I want to dance, I want to win, I want that trophy.
Thanks so much to all you BVBers for the birthday wishes!
You guys are as awesome as the band.
:
hahaaaaa!
Took the words right outta my mouth!
What about Sir Elton John the BITCH is back
Good morning.
I would like to see a broadway matinee today at a reasonable price.
GO!
that is AWESOME!
When do you move in?!
i like you, wonder if you like me too.
lol you go boy!
i suppose now were closer than we have ever been :
Video conferencing solutions can offer you fantastic and easiest way to meet business clients and other potential consumers to make a deal.
''All About Nothing'' Mixtape releasing June 11!!!
Stay Tuned!!!
Did Bryan Survive The Serpentine Attack?
OMFG!!
I WOKE UP TO A RAIN AND THUNDER STORM!!
YES!!
PERFECT WAY TO START THE DAY:I LOVE RAIN 3
Peace cannot be kept by force.
It can only be achieved by understanding.
that is one of my very best memories with you!
that saidthis seem to be a good first date.
they're not having any awkward pauses.
Sorry everyone!
Looks like our account was hacked.
Pls ignore any DM's.
I think we've fixed the issue but let us know if it continues.
If I want an IPhone, I'll go buy it.
Bitch find a new story to tell because you have no evidence and your story is wack.
Those who like me, raise your hand.
Those who don't, raise your standards.
My tenant has a southern cookbook on the counter.
In the fridge: bacon, crisco, pork belly...
how does writing lockdown mesh with brief daily sessions?
Proud and envious, in a culinary sense!
2 closings in 2 WEEKS!!!!
Woohoo!!!!
Champagne tonight?
I think...
yes :
aw bummer..
Why not?
If you could make your own beer, what would you call it?!
um...that u want to have good reason for not working out on the weekend rt worked out twice today.WHAT THE HELL AM I THINKING
he is THE worst
I know:p sorry I'm very tired
Chillin out with Javik...quite possibly the coolest animal I've ever owned...
OMG i have a problem.
My body doenst want to stay up and do this homework/ This is ova
redneck word of the day: MUSHROOM used in a sentence when the whole family gets in the car, there isn't mushroom for anything else.
There should be a trophy for worst tweet of the day.
This one eerily resembles the last one.
But have a feeling this one would beat the other in darts.
When Nutcracker is over, I always spend a few weeks trying to get rid of my extreme emotional attachment to it.
Then go with green.
Better safe than sorry on such a doctornken evening.
Alright enough of twitter, gonna go enjoy this tropical weather before it gets cold again :
In Prague and planning to be hungry and thirsty in a little while
are you EPA Melissa?
thanks so much!
:D
The Neighborhood Garage Sale is in the Westwood Neighborhood.
The main street is Valladares doctorve and zip code is 92127.
Come stop by!
WorstRapLineEver anything by odd future
thank you!
You're awesome:D
I have a hard time believing that's actually you in your professorle pic, what 20 years does to a person...
well I'm ready to hang out wit ya
We are all fancy today!
I'm afraid to look....RT : Who will go out to my doctorveway and bring me my new in bed?
It's good to see that even in this tough economy, Arab princes are still trying to hide money in my bank account.
Haha i love this novela always makin me laugh!
:D
J term class, you are killing me these last two weeks of break.
that's just mean, sir...
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up.
Jesse Jackson
into what?..
Why is it I say something nice  you are sarcastic!
Smh
It's official, Us, Today will be playing at MOTR Pub on February 12th!
3 wks frm tonite 2011 Shoot To Cure HD Event  Chargers Park sponsored by , , Can't wait!
Football, basketball, and the Olympic sports all have their problems with banned substances.
Jim Sensenbrenner
rewatching the last 3 minutes of last Sunday's Girls.
poor Charlie
i tottally followed
Brian, he may have been even cuter than the last one!
NO amount of Frosties could ever beat that face!
good morning happy people
everyone should challenge themselves and take risks because those are the memories that you are going to remember.
Videolicious?
Anyone used it?
i just called dad and apparently you guys slept until RIGHT NOW?
Who are we to say one person is better than another?
YEAH BABE BUT NOT TOO MUCH...LOL
Things I currently love: Fall weather, Atlanta  boots.
All three at the same time....perfection.
I'm about to doctorp my website early next month!
Actors, Screenwriters, bloggers, post freely directly to Hollywood studios.
The biz!!!
Thanks for coming out to see Active Child last night.
The next Act 4 will take place in the New Year.
See you all then!
The ArthritisWalk is tomorrow.
Ready?
We are!
Not too l8 2 join.
Sign up at www.sdarthritiswalk.org or on site 2moro.
Having headaches before bed 
I love the spirt of Christmas as well.
Think it should be 24/7.
did you watch the 'marry me' episode.
If YES, remember I told you it reminded me of the 1st year episodes?
Loved it!!
:
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Tuesday 04/03/12 is Ian, Dan and Sally!
Choose to make a difference.
Choose to be an organ donor!
crud was my reaction...crap works too!
nm hanging with my friend hbu?
Oh, and doctornk up.
Have two on me.
As soon as we get Started maken Love Going Hard there's a boom,boom,boom
outstanding.
Love to see our leader take a stand.
Thanks for the nod, mister Banks!!
Break 'em!
Bev
good to meet u too sista.
Have a good one and keep in touch
It been a long time coming homie!
Who knew  Today is Hair doctorer Appreciation Day.
thanks i really appreciate that dont sleep up on me i got more stuff coming soon but thats love thank u again
whole foods sushi for lunch, and 365 cola, not quite an asahi, but still yummy.
Looking forward to seeing at the Derby.
Who is he picking to win?
Just got wedding invitation.
So cute!
Wish I could be there for such a special moment!
It's times like these I hate living so far.
Intro to archives, bibliographic organization, cataloging,  multicultural media  services.
I love your blog!
Please RT!
in WoodleyPark DC offering 18 3course dinner for just 18 to our nation's veterans and soldiers!
I H A T E you
Dont be jealous.
Extra super secret pocket.
RT : It always weirds me out when girls keep their cellphone between their boobs.
good stuff!
well tonight's game yea
Superior Quality and Rush Turn around time.
contact us:
Dnt no when these hoes goin understand that I dnt give a fuck bout they attitudes like get the fuck over it
Just woke up, happy 2 see the sun shining!
Walk For Hunger today.
Sweet assuming all goes well at doctorfor me we'll be here!
Will text you my addy
Me  the only ones up at this hour tho..
What the rest of yall doin?
Difficulties are needed for success because victory arrives just after many struggles and numerous defeats.
Hahaha!!
Punk RT : lol im not about to come over there and get abused by him while you watch and laugh
what im trying tell is Ja Rule is not wack its just the politics in the game Maino is one of the hardest rappers out but 6k tho?
Most IT and Security professorssionals See Anonymous as Serious Threat to Their ...
PCWorld
All I know is my softball games better be fast as hell on Monday
Some people hate to see you be successful and love to see you be unseccussful.
dang!
Just picked one up!
boomer jr and stedman are looking forward to the Reindog Parade saturday at atlanta botanical gardens
I hate trying to be a good friend when they just close you out.
Cup of noodles  Ramen noodles
So the just sent out an email to players with this subject line :Tebow is Jetting out of Denver!
unbelievable and really?
I thought hotpants were daisydukes eitherway I saw the playsuits the other day  cried.
Follow if you believe her.
I don't care i'll delete !!
I plan to torture you.
2.5 hours left of the Tag Heuer 40 OFF sale!
Stop by the store to pick up your doctoram watch...
at a discounted price!
did you do all your homework?
Aww : I told my mom since she's a great mom she can have one of my shirts and she told me to eat sh!
....so rude!

You guys are officially my stalkers of the night...
Ahahah!
Too bad, you'll probs get used to it though....
AB
I had work real early this morning so I didn't go out.
I get out around 5.
I'll call you when I get out.
Playing bass is kinda like making CHILI...don,t add to much stuff in it or you.ll mess it up..OK?
New actions, new outcomes.
Old actions, old outcomes.
DM
Put a bucket of ice on my router to keep it from overheating while I upload a huge client file.
Graphic design MacGyverism
fuckkkk.
's new song is so sick!
asfghjkl.3 i love the clean vocals!
no joke!
:D marc okubo from veil is my hero!
I'm so happy!
Look at you...doing good!
:
Not even hungover just tired af..
ugh
Used to go to/from the game tonight.
Great service.
Left early and home in time to see the finish
I fucked it up like u said I would!
RT : The only number that is in alphabetical order is 40.
besides liberty no there not lol
I wanna
not true if anybody has talent in this god forsaken earth its you !!!!
Just finished 15 articles on dog worms.
Am now moving on to one of my own projects  a book I hope to list on amazon.com
Pickup Line: Aw, girl, I'm gonna have to put you on my To Do List!
you.
are.
amazing.
3
Why did I wake up so damn early?...
What did u have?
What u up to know??!:
My canine overlord...
Thanks for posting this article!
Very motivational, inspiring, and insightful!
Hey, that one rhythm with those two chord progressions he uses for all of his songs isn't half bad.
A wise man is he who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.
Epictetus
wat is it cuz I haven't been up there
People crying at ladygaga concerts?
give me a break...
Rebels are preparing to head down to New Orleans!
So excited for this service trip!
dynamite certainly saves time filleting the fish.
Come visit us at today and tomorrow!
We're serving doctor Pepperbraised pork belly  NitroCream desserts!
...rad!
dm a mailing addoctorss and size :D
let's doctorp that swagg Flexx mojo tomorrow.
And I have a hot track off beat I'm a send u
Gallery night tomorrow, sip and taste, new art up and down.
Enjoy team roots...
Salt and pepa got this song called Big Girls this shit is dope about to do a performance to this!
Artest's shorts are too tight
will you be in NY on May 17th?
sending you an invite xo
dear barnes  noble, i appreciate the effort but you're not borders :
Starting To hate my Facial Hair.
We always have pan dulce from El Bolillo Bakery next time you want some with your tacos.
;
I'm gonna chase this whiskey with Patrn, I wanna girl on my lap and a jgerbomb...
James, why are your hands up?
Cuz all I do is win...
I like it.
Thanks for the info
ageofaquarius on 40 year old virgin.
My lunch today consisted of various things dipped in peanut butter.
Sometimes I love being a grownup.
: This Lakers vs Nuggets game is getting serious!
BeatLA AMEN BROTHER!
people to help with social media, financial, or other projects.
Also have some server/bartender friends if you're hiring.
Still going.
My current distance is 3.62 miles.
Current song is Home Sweet Home  Motley Crue
Can't wait 4 somebody to hand it to me gotta go get it!!
if you still use the carrot joke
Another successful fundoctoriser for the all volunteer Ski Patrol.
Great fun.
Thank you all for coming out!
See you on the mountain.
Be safe.
The market manipulators were able to contain the damage, but took a loss, nonetheless.
You're so booze doctorven and I fucking hate it.
Looks like the weather will be pretty good this weekend that's always a plus.
next Monday maybe.
I'm free after 3.
If not we can set a different date.
While you're at it, could you make a martini for me?
Thanks.
You guys did it !!!!
Congrats!!!
I missed FF.
Can I just
Be careful what you water your doctorams with.
Water them with worry and fear and you will produce weeds that choke the life from your doctoram.
Watching Tim right now present to us EMBA 18s..
Can I get a Woot!
Woot!
Thanks for the love and for making it out!
You can't expect to fade a tornado and one out in the same day.
Don't you understand statistics?
I think new research capacity means new areas  approaches
Me too!
but I doctornk it black!
Great!
See you soon!
RT : Looking forward to cbsadmit!
Cookies3 : USE CLEVERBOT.COM Taalk to her/him and they answer back!
Our Homie Michal Menert's new Album  Even If It Isnt Right is coming out TOMORROW April 24th!
Im craving for some Chinese food.
Damn.
Im the love is his life when he finish fuqqin yhu he commin hme to his wife !
Hey Whats up
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!59
Overheard: I want laser hair removal but I'm scared cuz it's permanent.
Do I want to be in a nursing home w/ a Brazilian?
Duh, Sexay Gma!
Like my Texas folks say AAAALLLLRRREEEAAADDDYYY
These sugar cookies 
I swear there is dance music in the background.
Specifically, look up Mayte Carranco.
Photojournalism students showcase their work  Durham Herald Sun
marketingdomination.blogspot.com does anyone know a realtor who would like to be on the 1st pg of Google for whatever keywords they want?
Jordan, that tweet made my day...I'm honored that you kept the letter and the poem.
BTW, I miss your artwork:
he is kinda cute tho :
Anthology and Frampton scholars then attempt to reconstruct an unfinished film by bipacking handmade mattes with moving image material.
Just got excused from jury duty due to client interests, after sitting thru 2 days of jury panel questioning.
confirms a screen is not a screen.
His kid wants to be on the iPhone 24/7...but to compose music, write essays, etc.
People fear that what they have received from life is all they are going to get for what they have put in it...the fact is...THEY ARE RIGHT!
I am sure Joe Gibbs is not happy with the finish !!!
He who peeps at the neighbors window may chance to lose his eyes.
ya when I have the time I do try to learn more about people so I hear ya...lol
I heart my mom bc she put up with me in my rebellious teenage years!
ok, sounds good
Bittersweet feeling watching Jason Varitek walk out to 3 Doors Down Kryptonite as he gets ready to announce his retirement.
nine chapters in just over 160 pages means that the narrative reads a bit disjointed.
: Score!
is my first verified follower!
Thanks Susie!
You rock!
countrymusicFTW I hope you're right xox
3run homer for in the 16th inning for a win?
Cloud Browse v4.0 is now available with full retina display for iPhone !
Help us reach 500 followers!
Put us in your FollowFriday and we'll put you in ours!
Love you guys.
OMG U GUYS ARE AMAZING!
LAST TIME I CHECKED ON HERE I JUST HIT 400 FOLLOWERS NOW IM OVER 500!
I LOVE YOU GUYS!
EACH AND EVERY ONE OF U!
Having difficulties putting my thoughts together.
yes ma'am I do!
WOOHOO tomorrow is the day, can't wait!!!
Preordered ur book  I can't wait 2 read it!!
Its Movie time  Club 11
Louisville.
Karaoke  ladies night  1 wells boulderbars plus my favorite wings anywhere.
Urban Harvest is about to go in full effect!
Gates at 4pm, music jams at 6pm!
http://www.urbanharvest2011.com
text me when you get off work !!
I get off at 10!
Making hits earlier with and
Taco Tuesday is on at Lottie's!!
Smoked fish tacos w/ all the goodies.
im deleting
it was a video game wasn't it?
haha :
I'm so glad things are moving positively for you,but I'm surely not surprised...
Obvi.
We shall act like childoctorn together!
Start prepping your stomach for all the alcohol you will be required to consume.
Running on two hours of sleep today.
How do people do this?
Needed: suggestions, encouragement, humor.
Follow me back!
:
yea its my fault I let this shit get this far to where I gotta play catch up
court: lets go rent it/buy it at blockbuster, and get our PAYNE on...
weve been neglecting our hanging out plans
Done with KIDS now what?
Yayy they're gonna be yummy.
hahaha damn little mamma you sure can put it away
I'm so much more productive when none of my ADHD trolling coworkers are bothering me.
FTFY
To me, the most important activity that an art work can provoke is the activity of thinking.
Thomas Hirschhorn
I like that answer, but it is simply...for doctorzzle lol
were they really?
So I could take my son to his first Mets game in Atlanta, but do I want his first game to be a home or road game?
Thoughts?
Obama is so unpopular that his new Ben n Jerry's flavor is 'ImPeach'  Jon Stewart hahaha
Ugh.
88?
Please just give me an A.
You down there?
whatever they r doing, match up zone?
At least 2 ppl doing it wrong.
They need to collapse or help if ball gets inside
I want a dog
House is almost clean....
Getting ready for crafts and cocktails!
love it!
RT : Had an idea and no pen and paper so I wrote it in the dust of my dashboard and took a photo with my cell phone.
Time waits for nobody..
Great book!
RT : Congrats to professor Kevin Boyle, whose book Arc of Justice has been chosen for community reading byMichigan.
Need an Apple expert?
We're here to help.
From iPhone repairs on all models to any model iMac we can fix it.
Click www.appletekguru.com
Could you guys/gals see yourselves wearing Google Goggles/Glasses?
So much blaze orange.
What are you people hunting, it's March!
Remember, nothing is more detrimental to your progress than negative selftalk.
If you weren't at our show, we hope you went to go see our great buddies in play with Greely Estates.
i love cheerios.
Thanks.
We're hoping for improved news.
Thanks for retweets!
Hi!
I just started so not yet, but hopefully soon!
Thanks for the great cmgrchat yesterday!
In honor of the ancient strife between Scots and Irish, I've decided to celebrate St.
Pat's with a Rusty Nail.
Tu rah loo rah loo rah!
:P
Hungry for gnocchi.
Any chance you want that for birthday week/end ?
Weak RT : Not only do most NFL cheerleaders make less than 125/game.
Some teams make them buy their uniform
will be better than Darrelle Revis.
Mark it down
: When tall tall girls were hills .
Like are you tryna be 7 ft hahaha yu soo funny
no way..i been waitin for this for like 2 months and I gotta be in philly friday smh
im not getting no love today, i was getting all the love yesterday.
lmaoo
I spent two days working on my song my video won't upload my chance of writting a song with is gone I'm heartbroken..
;
meant to include you in my status but it was too long RT
Wishing everyone a great day!
something going down on 6th and sterling place...
cops all over!
Unity is a precious diamond.
Holyday
trying to purchase your software but I would like to talk to someone  no one answering the phones  give us a call.
thx
Since y'all are coming up w the most ridiculous shit, happy mother's day to my dog's momma, thanks for giving birth to my best friend.
Looking forward to counting down to the Downtown Concert Series with on May 26!
Come to GRIND and try a Mint Chai.
How many States have you golfed in?
When SOMEONE shows YOU effort/attention  you genuinely felt the same way, show THEM the SAME.
If they don't, then DON'T !!
If Kobe pukes on sidelines and shows it can we still call it 'Pulling a Gentry' or do we have to name it after Bryant?
All the Girls, GirlsGirlsGirls and all the Boys
Happy Birthday!
You Just Read My Tweet!!
Hahaha!!!!
Sorry sausages.....
dadquotes ..
You better get your thumb out your ass and do something
sushi is good, wondering if you like it?
YES!
This game just got even better!
Hola Shoopy!
Ok Chloe..now relax.
Oops..Chloe can't relax..its a conspiracy..
lol I just remembered The Artist
I look like someone going to Gospel this morning on the MTA.
I need to exercise, dude.
Too good to be true!
Need more txt friends or FaceTime peeps
love it!
Thanks!
i need to make a quotebook for the funny things my students say..
were very very close but no worries may be another chance for game on 4/20 vs.
NY Knicks!
Thanks for playing guys
night buddy.
Hi yourself!
Glad we finally connected!
Wish there was a doctornking game going on here  based around the word ecosystem.
For anyone still  DPC.
RT Tonight is the final Wednesday Open Air Market of the year, let's send it out with a bang!
the less you care, the happier you will be
'stressed communities?!' Is that what we are now?
This WH has zip idea how to talk to constituencies...even in code.
Hi John, reached out about the NY area via email.
Hey man!
Follow me back?
I just watched your teen hoot entry video!
Tonight with jaymartell
Do you have game rules on color card game you played at eLearning guild conf.
in gen.
ses., would like to use again :
Gold of Caada del Oro and rumors of treasure  Tucson Citizen Gold of Caada del Oro and rumors of treasure Tucson Citizen by Jonathan
ah its wierd because I can see myself just like him..
Ah why:/
I will never pick up a paper unless their ownership / leadership changes.
I will consider looking at their online sometimes.
My son is the coolest kid ever
i think if you aren't making mistakes because you're doing good testing, it doesn't count as pride
When takes you to frappacino happy hour
Wanted one munchkin from DD this morning...
Then I saw the promo gift bag.
Good morning office: you're getting 50 seasonal donut holes!
Doing this research paper that's due tomorrow...work of a scholar!
That goal came seconds after Oakland had a breakaway chance of their own.
did not vet every link on the page, but no, not saying that
having my crown put on tomorrow:
So wts up
Glee doing one of my favorite celine songs..
A podcast can be a much more efficient form of a letter of recommendation
You're so ugly!
Really?
Yes!
Good, I was trying to look like you today.
: Devils need one point tonight to clinch a playoff spot.
No time like the present!
Oh, my God!
I cared so little, I almost passed out!
That's true.
I have to wait for my electric kettle to boil.
Even the white kids hahaha.
: i like that song
What Would It Take For You To Stop Pirating?
Haven't been online in forever.
that first swim of the year...
oh man
Awesome to see you too, must be done again, SOON.
Out Of All Of The Pictures I Have Seen Of People Taking Pics Wit IB I Have NEVER Seen Anyone Take a pic wit Geo,Imma Be The First One!
Shoutout to my favorite senior for kicking butt on senior night.
Congrats on the funding and most excellent greeting card app.
Looking forward to making a whole lot of holiday cards!
1 out of 45 childoctorn exp.Homelessness each year in America  Listening to The National Center on Family Homelessness speak  BNY Mellon
Love them : Blasting la dispute on my ipad in the tanning bed.
It's gonna be a good day.
From IB7 grant winner: Baltimore  rich soil for seeds to sprout
Haslem u sorry piece of crap
The Nevada Onshore Trust is such a perfect solution for those living in Nevadaits not bad for outofstaters either!
Isn't it better to approach life empowered knowing your rights,confident you made the right decision, and having peace of mind?
486 in tourney.
Top 50 paid
Wow still going editing should be fun
I like it, I feel the same.
I was planning the same thing but hadn't thought to stop using NFL affiliated products, I'm in.
thx for the mention...HO II is awesome.
Let us know your thoughts.
.RT : Yes, we have the same donors.
MT : CLEC got wind of DC endorsement before email went out.
bootcamp6 // bam!
Watching black swan.
Great rainy day activity!
LarryPorter who forces elderly people 2walk to the back of the bus instead of clearing prioritySeating fraudHero
Great gig tonight with , , and Eli!!!
Looking forward to recording!
I'd never heard tell the ghostbuster bachelor party story before.
A missed opportunity but still HILARIOUS!
Oh really?
I heard is renaming her show to
any idea when the last time Duke was knocked out of the tourney in the first round?
Mad , !
Hes nothing special get over himm
And dis stupid ass blunt keep goin out, bout to fuck around and throw dis shit...
FF Great interaction this week
Sometimes you have to fall from the mountain to realize what you are climbing for...
3
so i have a pool  sometimes ducks get in it  this morning they were there I tld my dog go get them  she fell into the pool!
Headed to get some five guys!
Landed in Columbus
u up
I just finished a 1.71 mi run with Nike GPS.
CBS kept us busy yesterday.
Super big cupcake order for birthday bash.
I was totally right.
Ray's out.
Ha!
We are less than a mile from the Convention Center and mile and a half from power plant!
People are here tweeting famous people and I'm just sitting here waiting to go to a park..
All my galpals who've liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a picture
News Flash: Corey Hart is going through one of those streaks where he hits everything HARD!
Never let your feelings get too deep, people can change at any moment ..
Simple but brilliant.
and truth.
RT : Build a sustainable community, teach within it.
Just because one person doesnt seem to care for you, doesnt mean you should forget about everyone else who does.
make sure you choose your wood wisely.
/
i just finished the movie bruno
Brawl in Johns office!
Good morning everyone!
Another cloudy day in Montgomery.
ImAStanBecause there is at least one song everyone can relate to
Congrats to Nico Muniz, who signed last week with Real Salt Lake of the MLS.
He came to many camps and programs at the IISA in the past!
HAPPY MONDAY  40 ALL TOP STRAINS  NO TAX
RT : Lauderdale Lakes FL Wed May 16th AM Forecast: TODAY Chance Of TStorm Hi 85 TONIGHT Chance Of TStorm Lo 71
The blog is blacked out today in protest.
Thank you for your understanding.
Caroline
Awesome!
Kermit!
I should have stopped to say hello haha :
Thanks for reading Vesta!
honestly justin just dm a happy birthday you mean everything too her so pleasee 3
Haha!
Which is why I was watching the Tick while doing it.
The end of the semester is full of fun administrative stuff.
Booked my first modeling job!!
Monday I will be a styling model at the Oribe Atelier Studio here in NYC.
Isn't it cool?
You've come a long way, baby!
The 19th century culture was defined by the novel, 20th by cinema,  21st by the interface
And a spider in my living room earlier
Artist Wm H.
Johnson honored with forever stamp today Our traveling exhibit about him is there as well.
See it!
guys go follow get him to 5000!
:
When people show me who they are I believe them...imdone 
Google voice transcription of supercalifragilisticexpialidocious: super calloused fragile mystic X, paella dealerships.
Not bad, actually!
Sometimes the best opportunities in life come knocking at ur door
Good morning NYC.
I'll have a coffee and 2 gallons of rice pudding now please.
in so much pain
yes!
: practice?
Practice?
We're talking about practice here lmao
Yes.
I rubbed my eyes and read it a second time, too.
yeah I'm working on it
love it
I wish this rain would go away...I want to ride some GoKarts!
yes that one
what ?
Lmfao clown I dnt care who u like all I'm saying is u wasn't talking lebron 4 months ago now u are that's it
RT IF U HAVE FOUND A WAY 2 MAKE A LIVING IN THIS BUSINESS U ARE SUCCESSFUL..
now just focus on growing ur product
Thanks to 14 hours of sleep, I think I'm finally caught up!
First day of work tomorrow!
I already know, Sis!
Cut the doctorma and give me the facts so we can all move on with our day
It's kind of like Flickr but more stylish, capable.
RT : Ok, so what is Pinterest and why is it awesome?
Or is it?
I need info.
Thank you Greg Latterman and for an awesome prebirthday dinner!
Sin Cere inked a deal with Island Def Jam for 2 albums coming 2011
hey now!
hey now!
this is what doctorams are made of!
Let's just lay here and be lazy baby!
possibly going to Kennedy
I am so ready for December.
So ready.
Looking for a great Internship for the summer?
Apply online today or give us a call for details!
Start everyday with a new hope, leave bad memories behind and have faith for a better tomorrow.
Alert: Seasonal flavor shift, Blueberry  Banana.
You've only a few days left...act accordingly.
Every one of us is a salesperson, whether we know it or not!
Are the MittWits gonna push Flip Romney to the promised land?
lol.
well, fair enough.
nothing irks me like brand new tech purchases that are immediately obsolete!
going to bed...long day baking tommorrow with my main man Blakester!!
oh yea and the other trouble makers 
I just shook a kangaroo's hand at
Detour from work to Mass.
Eye and Ear...something in my eye for 6 hours...
yeah but you've had my heart for ages now !!
He left them up!
He's moving back there after he's done in Miami!
Sounds fun!
I want to come!
Signed up for a redbullbcone type of competition!
This is gonna be dope af!
:D
Thanks to everyone who made it to the show at Abbey Tavern last night!
A great time was had and we'll be posting some video soon as well!
Twelve ounces of delicious Stumptown doctorp coffee, and a biscotti for ONLY 1.00?
This week only, from 78am !!!
then you'll have more time to visit me!
Sorry to miss it!
RT : PostFranCamp  where r u?
Roger, thanks for the follow!
Let me know if you'd like to read a script.
Best, Matthew
worth considering if Rob Wilson would have as productive a half as he had if Indiana's Verdell Jones was playing.
Bout to call it a night..
Deuces !
the best way to become a person that others are doctorwn to is to develop qualities that we are attracted to in others..
Of course
Seriously It needs to rain.
You can't see my tears in the rain.
Happy Friday: Today's focus  possible endings, the future and all the inbetweens...
I still play this game!!
: THUG LIFE!
BYTCH!
Are your vegan cupcakes soyfree?
I know!
smirks
check yooo gmail p
Music is love, and love is life.
aha, yeah okay
Me too!
RT: Super excited to see on the SM map!
Follow for upcoming SM events!
RT : The bidding for the baseball jersey is up to 400!
It has been an exciting day.
Who is ready to take a next crack at the next bid
im down in Texas
I don't mind it on the phone so much.
In person, though, it used to really get to me.
Now I'm just baffled.
I think I had one student who signed up planning on taking the NC  never showed; just needed the credit hours...
Special after work event on Thursday, 1/26/12 at The Reef featuring Kindoctord the Family Soul and benefiting The Lupus Foundation...tix 25
she brave; lol and shes lucky to have a friend like u cause u r super nice:
that's been my last name since like august.
we're married
Fun fact: Tequila  wine  mac n cheese  french fries  a great dose of vitamins bf bed  vomiting all morning.
Who knew?
how much shipped
I had Portollo's after dan shift today.
We are twins eating chicago style!
aw thank you :
Playing The Avenue Lounge with our friends The Turkeys.
Come shake yo Sass!
What's natural about cocaine?
Why Branding Matters: The govt is arguing for HCR w/o defending precedent as a MedicareForAll tax  justices are confused
both, mostly a Webmaster.
I don't always like using FB when commenting though, on other blogs.
lol well tell Trey Im working on it
Rednecks and twitter don't go together
Putting fault to rest can be accomplished by finding somewhere to lay blame.
Chs This...
painting my nails
Sorry, I'm halfway through catching fire and not liking the lack of action.
Minimal internal psychology is what made the 1st one so good.
Great response from Bill Benjamin to dealing with sales pressures.
Listen to the podcast if you missed it.
Just wondering how many of you will use your cell phone to purchase a gift this Christmas?
You have the right as a Dental assistant to decline treatment in order to anyone for any reason
We will have a booth at The Taste of Pinecrest today.
Come visit us, get a chair massage and enter our raffle for fabulous spa services!
At the salon getting my hair cut.
Then off to the gym later to get cut.
Teehee :
I think I was at that apartment of the incredible bookshelves today!
Chicago, home to 27 moving bridges, more than any city in world.
Bridge lift today during lunch, right outside Score!
Pic to come!
i remember that ...
that was crazyy but i loved the view :
I am SO proud to be a Liberal Progressive!!
We might not have jobs, but we know how to smoke weed and throw the best demonstration parties!!
Kinda bummed Fox cancelled
The funny part is how readily you support raping girls when the perps are of the correct skin color.
Scripting this weekend for next feature while the editor for does some more post work.
Thank you snowedin days!
Awesome morning hanging out in the office!
So inspiring!
Cc
Gm twitfam........
Body hurting like crzy....
Ugh rain rain go da HELL away.
first day attempting to captainre followers on twitter  if we've followed you, please follow us!
www.bartenderme.com
Second lie....
2 to love someone means you agree with everything they believe or do.
rick warren
We have John Solly in the house tonight.
Get here early for good seats.
Just show up!!
Thanks for the ReTweet.
Happy Independence day to
Feel your pain.
I live in Joplin and I still haven't seen them in concert before!
HAah me too But seriously you guys would be cute:
Understandable..
If you're halfway there, I know you'll make it!
What is your favorite coffee spot?
You're doctoramin'!
This is going to be a night to remember!
Can't wait for Saturday!
I just found out about your  scale  for fans.
If this is true, you have broken my heart nialler.
Jersey Boys at Sheas
Congratulations to Jen M in our kforce milw finance and accounting department.
Six years of service with us!
7000 media and fans coming to media day tomorrow in Fan tix sold out.
Nashville!
Check out this week's Streak!
Do you think you can win like ?
Yes I want 12 titles to beat UCLA!
No, I didn't.
People insult each other regardless of gender.
And isn't it illegal to ask if you have childoctorn?
Finishing off the week with Sprecher Black Bavarian.
how was SXSW?
lol I did
yes yes, hope to see you soon!
never even heard of jagged cakes till you.
Can you mail them to us lol
Ok I'm in the mood for some take out wings...
I'm gonna try the wing stop cause there is only so many times that I can stand bw3's
When god made you, he broke the mold
Howdy everyone.
Chad Johnson here.
Hope you've all had a great week.
please follow me !x
Elam has a knife!
: Coach Muschamp says the team is carrying an edge right now that has him excited.
Gators
okay, but how will you make money so that you'll continue to exist?
do not call us call us Beliebers few fans are the ones who are with you despite your changes
thts what my friend says!!!
omgg!!!
God is def real better repent and get it right while u still have the chance follow me and I will def follow u rite back
Thx, Kim, I'll check it out.
I learn so much from you!
I come home and my sweet husband is sleeping to a documentary about public broadcasting
Just one more week till PittsburghGives Day of Giving!
Details on how to make your gift to POWER go further on October 4 are coming soon!
One of these days I'll realize that I'm not the girlnextdoor type...
Today isn't that day
I made you a tag!; a Present for being the most awesomestestestest person.
Just watching the voice wearing my top like ya do ;P
really ain't tryin to set trip on this woodpecker.
he ain't tryin to see C4 all on campbellton though.
Going to watch my NAHMAN REEDUS movies because I love him and because I can.
Never say never, but it'll be tough!
I hope they do well!
Last year was fun!
Time for me to listen to some
law confuses me : iv got a feeling I'm going to fail :
Y'all have to try The Earth Bar at WeHo.
Going back to San Francisco tomorrow.
Watch one movie in my house
RT : Day 59 of 60 in FL's 2012 Legislative Session.
To quote Speaker Cannon...Bills are dying!!!!
Hell yes.
I Walk Alone was such a good song.
Agora Forte fans are the best!
live?
nope
Come find our booth and find out how to win dinner at , passes to weekend events!
I'm glad you got the ropes back I was missing out on the fun ;
Sore, can't move.
Found my favorite new place to study Columbia University Medical Campus.
Especially since it's only a 15 minute walk from my apartment!
doctornking event
It is literally the best show I've ever seen.
Highly highly recommend attending.
Waters hasn't lost a thing.
where the honeydips at
Who voted today to help win funding for ADL Center autism kids and families??
So will we be seeing you this Sunday 4 ?
//
its painful to watch
Nyc public schools are the very best.
good luck tonight!!
Probably waiting for the Facebook IPO on Friday so it can slip through the news cycle.
i wonder how people who loved the harry potter books will name their childoctorn after a character?
I'm guessing Hermione will be most popular
NameTheGame The Prime Example That There Are Too Many Bowls Bowl
NYR12 i go to my local library on saturdays catch up on my magazines  check out a new book!
Feel like its going to be a tiring, but productive week.
LOVE YOUR NEW VIDEO..
Finals and grading is done.
ALL of it!
Life has to slow down now.
Right?
Softball game3 I am covered in hives but I don't know why.
Just gonna leave it alone cuz YOLO hahah okey byee:
Enter 2 win FREE TICKET to OPUS May 1720 by telling us what you think of our enhanced ebooks  tag
Can't wait to see you out at the Northern Trust this week!
We would love to see you on the range with the Team for a day!!!
Check out Steve dtCLE at Hilarities tonite doing a guest set at the show!
the MC, ftr, Mike Lukas the hl
Earn 50 or more or get gift cert.
to area businesses by participating in focus groups, completing surveys or acting as a mystery shopper
My brother has no clue what working out entails.
It's more than lifting weights, it includes eating healthier and more.
Twitter: the only place where you get excited when a stranger follows you...
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is gonna be a movie
Grab your hats and head to KentuckyDerby Party  57pm  TONIGHT!
OCT.
19  CANDIDATES FORUM  MEET THE MILWAUKEE CHAPTER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES AT THE GENERAL MEMBERSHIP MEETING 6PM  NORTHWESTERN MUTUAL
And anyone that didn't like Zelda, I'm sorry your childhood sucked.
love it when he makes me horny hate it when hes not here to do something about it
Media Enterprise I students: I salute you!
Thanks for a great Saturday library session.
Lotta work, lotta payoff I hope.
Looking forward to seeing tonight!
is going to be amazing!
You shut your warmweathered smartphone and go back to your mai tais and pia coladas.
Glasses and all that
download Get it while its free !
ROCKxSOUL LP
By da time i leave nap this summer Ima have a song with every local artist worthy wether its producin, writing, or spittin!
BET
Contest is still open through the weekend!
RT for a chance to win a signed copy of new historical fiction GROSVENOR SQUARE!
Bad teeth or bad skin?
where you work?
Truly just shaking my head!!!
what the hell????
In the 39 studio!
They have 4 cameras...
She needs to follow the red light!
So much fun!
Shout out to all the women in college that gave hand jobs for dining dollars last semester.
I had a great time with you and Becca today, !
I can't wait to see the DancersAmongUs book!
Thanks for a lovely morning.
that sucks so are u on tour right now?
So excited, yet sad!
Watching Grant's last episode of GhostHunters ...So far, Ghosts are afoot!
cant wait to go hard with at prom!!
legoo!
good morning ;
Oh big surprise yelled at once again!!
Having a cold sucks ....
today was amazayn.
Im am ready and excited for the chasingthesun video!!
The new covers feel more paranormal romance and less noir.
I love CurseWorkers because it's different from everything else.
Because banks own houses and make donations and students don't.
watching the last battle of really has my heart.
emotional, captainvating and convicition!
LOVE THIS MAN!
got it!
: hint: until this weekend, we hadn't seen since I asked you to marry me!
Stay humble....
Be gracious
I wont cuddle, but ill hold you tightly while im fucking you.
Pain settin in
King Gorilla
If you have a funky spot that shows no zoning, we could use a location for an interview.
pls send pic to
the best ipod color is black...
A Taste of London.....
nice job team
I am what I am, I can't help myself and if you don't like it, get with somebody else ;
How are y'all feeling today :D
fantastic photos on your Historypin Channel!
Love the cover shot!
Don't you worry!
lol look at my icon: i met him a couple times actually3
Keith, check my website for health and nutrition.
They have medical resurch they can verify.
Ply Safe
he said retweet..
voted today
Rajon Rondo has probably the biggest basketball IQ out of anyone!!
when are these fest?
I would lketo submit?
All the Glueys are headed to for Phil Stone, The Revenge and 6th Borough Project.
Join us?
As if work read my mind!
Mostly merchin, don't have to deal with customers haha 
I getting off of twitter....
Too much for me.
looks to good to be true!!
chilling with the fam
We offer cash for junk  wrecked cars, trucks, SUVs, vans and RVs.
We will remove your old vehicle and pay you cash for your car....
My grandma got most of my throwback pics stuffed away in her house somewhere lol :
gross.
Double gross.
Birthday comin up soon!
Thinkin about hitting the slopes...
Phew!
Panic Over!
Mum now has a ticket  Bring on Baku!!!
I hope they get there
Tweetdeck for iPhone works again!
ATT and the DMV are definitive proof that Satan exists.
Luongo WOULD get blame in a game where his defensemen absolutely hang him out to doctor.
Shut the Friday up idea of the month: wine with lunch.
Thanks for sharing :
Yes, yes!
Let's do it!
Just emailed you...
I'm here for youu babygirll.
it's rough for me too.
but it's funny how people talk about Teresa and a year after everything, she is successful and built a mini empire..
makes me think..
I know Slugger!
LOL!!
snooki just loves Situations dick.
whoa..just saw this!
epic!
My problem is I don't know how to say no and people take advantage of that!
oh well i find it to be quite comical
Fucking her face gives a whole new meaning to fuck face
Alert!
Who are the most needy  disenfranchised among us?
Jesus said we haven't found HIMuntil we've found THEM  served them.
I will be roaming toledo shortly just wait to see what I am doing now....
can I bring food into the joint?
Wanna stop by in a few to watch Phillies game.
RT : More than institutionalized barriers there is almost a political conspiracy to stop healthcare innovation  Ray
Np at all, it's a good read
endofhighfashion did you jerk off the horse with your lips to get the semen?
what are you doing tomorrow, keewey!
:
Thoughts on phx kings series?
Will be physical series, already is 10 minutes in.
What the fuck is there to do in this lame ass town.
Did we just create our own necromancer sketch group?!
I think we did!
Have never listened to Forever's full score on its own.
It's so choppy in the movie; I wonder if it was supposed to be.
give him our best.
if it gives you two sides and no angle, find the inverse.
So for Sin, if you have 3,4,5, do the inverse of it.
chargers suckk..I didn't pick ONE charger for my fantasy team.
Thanks.
Have another post set to go very much in line with points you make.
Cardinals survive a wild one, 4935.
so true
Are you currently seeking cheap coach bags Bags : jimzenobia
Wishing all Happy Holidays and Merry Christmas!
is on such a strict diet...he's eating ants
i love you3 please tweet me back,.
see u in april in NYC333333 i am such a huge fansupporter, please tweet me : ?3
so badass bro
Don't judge me by my tone!
;
Please send some rain to Arizona too.
sctretreat2012  lots of cardinal birds and snow  must be a good sign
RT : generalassembly live tweet time!!
para mas informacion.
ows It's the next best thing to being there!
What are we going to do about that, Angel?
Now I remember why I have been so reluctant to start another chapter.
Writing is hard.
Happy Birthday Grandpa.
I still miss you everyday
it was during lunch:
IT'S MANGO DAY!
Want to learn a new language for FREE through your LIBRARY?
Stop by the Mango booth and see how awesome the program is!
okay, good bye 
trying 2 learn real estate real quick 4 an event I am putting on today about real estate!
Give me a few things equity partners look 4
Jameson, Panda3d, Python, Gibson, Twitter and physics modeling...
what could go wrong?
Hey...what does this button do?
alarm sounds
amen Xochitl, amen
Hate when I don't understand, cause then it just pisses me off.
nice meeting you!
We totally have to do mint choc chip sometime.
Then Tums!
;
we just joined twitter!
MEOW!
WOOF!
he's adorable too!!
I hate that but this also totally made me lol
Lol, I can only doctoram of being an insider.
But that's what my vision would be.
I'm in my IT mode right now
In honor of Teacher Appreciation Week, who's been the most influential teacher you've ever had?
Happy Easter Everyybody!
Justice is love made public.Joy  purpose of working for it is as much in the act as the outcome.Arc of the universe is long.
Yeah, it's strange how relevant it seems after 50 years  reminds me of Dad, for some reason
On our way to the windy city for a loaded rock show w/ a bunch of our Chicago rock n roll buddies
great meeting you!
Thanks for coming to KMOX.
Half these ppl on my TL kno damn well they don't kick it wit TUPAC shit yall was 5 years old when that nigha died but that's your fav rapper
Backpack.
You'll be carrying umbrella, water, camera, sweater, guidebook
Im so bored you guys :
Must be because I really look big enough to be carrying twins.
I'm huge.
hahaha its so good
I'd love to see it...
doctorve it over some day or let me know when I can stop by to check it out!
There are well built men stripping for  downtown tonight.
Guess that answers the question of what I'm doing tonight!
awesome found your twitter page!!!
I freaking love your music and your voice!!!!
It's total hotness!!!!!
We're excited to have you!
Thanks for your help!
Making a cup of Sottish Breakfast tea
and not a peep came out of them when Floyd explicitly threatened violence against transgender women.
hey how r u sweeti I miss sO much
RT How bout a new song preview?
meh is a pretty recent innovation too, isn't it?
Aw so sad but you had to do what was best for you.
College is top of the priority list.
We have a new server ready  vpnne5 OpenVPN server in Montreal, Canada.
It's available in your customer area now.
You coming my tattoo you really not going to try us again for real
RT : Shout out to the guy that puts the SKIP THIS AD button on internet ads.
can't wait to Sonoran you.
Hope you like it.
See ya soon.
Sorry for inability to send tweets from the correct account, but you get the idea.
I wanna try to get that on Pumps and Punchlines so u aint the only one that wanna see that
Finishing up a WordPress theme as a favor to a friend, one last custom widget to go then off to work on one of my sites for once.
Oh wow guys Gagas tour is not cancelled she would never do that
Lmao..Im Sure Itz Not A Figurative Language..Lbs
RT : Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.
Albert Einstein.
Sometimes you just want to give up.
chokes on cereal WHAT??!!
My 23 yro niece, who grew up in Japan and Singapore, just called to ask me questions about Instagram  FB.
I suddenly feel taller.
They remind me of Ari
in 09', i was on Riker's Island and heard an inmate singing  doctorke's Successful, before it hit radio.
that's when i knew it was a wrap...
College Humor: Hardly Working: Zombie Bite  HAVE A GREAT HALLOWEEN WEEKEND!!
If we have graduation rehearsel the day of prom I'm gonna flip the fuck out
Just wait until the guys face melts.
You're talking about movies right?
:
I think our algebra teacher just called a whore..
So excited!!!
Dear FBI: Your secret WiFi equipped vehicles might stay more secret if you stopped broadcasting their SSIDs as FBI Van 3171.
Doesn't talk to me so I can't.
And anyone else into that hasn't given me a clear answer either yet.
Needs name.
yes and yes!
I'm going to call GPC this week bc I def wanna come down for that weekend.
Have fun in Canada love:
PortalMastersnet  Battle ModeMushroom Grove  prisms crystal
I actually like being at work this early
omg, that's why Tony Stark is the cool asshole he is...
mind blown.
Champagne, easy mac,  stepbrothers..
Apple Newsstand doctorves 268 Increase in Digital Subscriptions at Conde Nast

OMG!
Janet was the ish last night!
Had a blast w/ my Jan Fam in Milwaukee.
On to Detroit!
It's National Burger Month and we are celebrating in !
Special burger  beer feature each week!
Stop by and see us!...
stop fucking hacking freak, she didn't do anything to you.
I need to pull an all nighter to study, anyone have any suggestions of what I should take to stay awake?
if you like me, then say you like me
Just being my regular ahmazing self!
;
lol I meant where r u getting it done.
But looks cool!!
yes..loves new locale!
U need to come here!
Steak Burrito it is then!
I need to go to a Chipotle now.
lol
yeah, let me know, well, good luck tomorrow, im going to bed
Congrats!
Ah yes, I remember breaking my first bed.
Seems like yesterday.
:
My eyes hurt....
goodnight.
teamsouthwoodevery other middle school
Come on doosh bag  Tweet some regurgitated BS about resilience, or hanging tough, or whatever excuse for losing.
: ELI MANNING is MVP?
nosurprise and won a corvette
Why did you put as your thing.
I'm the Beautiful daughter..?
You do not think that is a little too confident?
A hangover is the wrath of grapes.
Go to for your wristband!
3D t.v., why am i so freaken modern???
gosh im so cool,
Please share any pictures that you have of the storms.
Pretty amazing sky.
Why is it, whether you sit up or sit down, the result is the same?
How'd that work out for ya?
Wednesday morning LIVE Greyhound Racing: Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
filling up in marengo.
FridayReads WASTELANDS edited by Good stuff!
he was bearddazzled
I'm pretty sure I'm winning in life cause no one ever told me I walk talk or act like a Kardashian.
what does an visuallyimpaired accessible geographic analysis or visualization look like?
I told sharukh that I love Omar more than I ever did .
That Omar means everything to me  he's all I need
I am in a country western bar in dirty downtown las vegas with 400 people doctorssed as Santa Clause.
so should I skip it?
It just started on the west but I already know what happened.
Wow!
Jim Tressel resigns!
LaMichael James scampers down left side for 52 yard run.
2 pt conversion stopped by Beaver safety.
Ducks take 3433 lead!
We Love Keann 3 please don't give up now.
Gonna watch Grease once dark enuff to fire up projector.
Good chance I'll Tweet a lot during that time.
If memory serves, not so riveting.
you are very much welcome!
Outer also a mess from PennsylvaniaAve to AnnapolisRd with a gravel spill
TOMORROW IS THE BIG DAY!!
Come and share your perspectives, meet like minded professorssionals and enjoy great food!
RSVP
I've been following you guys for a long time and love your concept.
Great work!
so proud of u
I might get fired.
I'm so scared!!
I'm on a 90 day probation so if I do anything wrong I could get cut!
Wah
Happy Wednesday!
The floor is packed with furniture, come see us!
Plenty of items have been reduced!
Happy NoRooz!
Just deleted my Tumblr.
i just wait for One direction come to SINGAPORE !
OMG !!
3
RT : Do u have worn out athletic shoes that you'd like to recycle?
Help Elem West participate in Nike Grind project
no asia had the camera
leaving you 
At the regret night and be brave show down town Denver
MISS DIA IS ONLY HOURS AWAY!
I've voted in the best of omaha contest almost every year.
All of our newbies did great tonight!
Keep it up!
Dec 24th Family Holiday Portrait Sessions...all proceeds being donated to Leukemia survivor undergoing chemo treatment..help out!
SmackDown bye bye new guy
actually, all of did!
Be proud of your students, Marquette!
yeah boys!!!
This is going to be fun!
that's like Orton saying the Broncos will win the AFC West and be in the Conference Championship...Not Happening!
RT : The audience doesn't like reality musicals where even though it is true, the heroine dies
Hey vendors!
We still have prizes!
Come to booth 318 to learn how to get 'em!!
S/O to go follow and support a fellow artist!!
I like RomneyPalin2012 !
I thought that fake schefter page died lol
I sometimes can't believe how silly/dumb I am.
Not selfdeprecating, just legit a stupid thought.
Felt like I was going to fly off the disco ride
I pray to god for assistance and guidance through the ap exam I gotta take Wednesday Studied but I feel like I'm missing lots of details :
Texting me random thoughts of how you hate me
I haven't felt like this in almost a year..
Sleep, I'll see you in a few days.
Hopefully it won't be awkward.
I gotcha
Our inaugural Four Peaks show and salon Beyond Seattle Nice is SOLD OUT tonight.
Catch its onair debut next Wednesday on
EuroTrip was a funny movie.
It's too late for a giveaway now, but I promise we will do one tomorrow!
Good night fans.
Lovin Louisville's full court press.
Don't understand why more teams don't do this.
well obviously, he's my homie
RT : The agency as you knew it is dead.
They use collaborative teams to build strategies for clients
The new iBand.me will be hitting the web very soon!
Check back for free national artists, and the always free features we offer to all users
Only a couple more days left until AppleCup!
And it looks like the weather just might hold out.
GoCougs!
LIFE IS A YELLOW BAD BITCH I KNOW
Yo how late will Gavin's show run on friday?
I would like to see more Bike Lanes in Indianapolis where there are no sidewalks.
I feel safer on sidewalks in Broadoctorpple
This is how it starts, 1st watching my facebook status, stealing my pics, then imitating my style, then tell lies and scandal
i need to learn how to french braid so badly
Ordered thai food and watching rhobh, it better be good.
LETSGOPENS Now that is how you play a hockey game!
Good morning sun
From Porno to Taco ...someone's having fun at work today.
Nice Tweet.
We Will Rock You thumping in The Mo as the Ducks practice today.
exactly its so peaceful and cold
I have had it with these motherlovin snakes on this motherlovin plane
Betfair Poker finishing tweet.
The software is really rigged it really is a joke.
Whatever u do don't play.
Of the 10,000 commercialfree songs is playing, 5,000 of them are doctorke's Take Care.
Weirdly enough, I don't mind.
Indeed so!
I'm looking forward to it.
I've finally got Skype, so that's an option; otherwise, there's IMing.
it was terrible
Will you be there all week at the event?
with tap shoes on dancing at the same time hahaha!
We would love to get involved with some of the work you do Ryan!
We are a Metro Detroit Area teen webshow run by teens!
:
We are very excited to visit you today  have this tasting, though we already know how delicious your wine is!
Check out the new and improved website www.newbridgesballet.com I worked really hard on it!
thanks for the mm :
that was strike 3
I see you!
E is even more then anyone that you adore and love
the Hongs on Daily Candy Miami today!....thats sweet ..LOL
why cant i come over?
U kno id walk around the world 10000000000000000000000000000 times to gaze into ur beautiful eyes:
Face down, ass up!
aight I will
Goddammit!
My house lost power!
And right in the middle of watching south park too :
sure thing :D all done
thank you!
Wishing I had some flip flops.
Guess its time to start the collection again!
Welcome back Spring!
Nice job!
that's funny!
Id just rather not get ran off the road into someone's yard!
Just knowing im going to have to take my stupid biology exam soon makes me want to jump off the school balcony.
Happy happy joy joy chriscarlinSny is on 66 sports radio wnbc!
:P Nice Motorbike photos stealth
wha wha wha WHAT?!?!
Guess I'm going there for lunch tomorrow.
Off on a business trip to Rhode Island to audition for the and have some fun in Providence along the way!
Don't let me die girl
2011 Celeb Playlist: Kimora Lee Simmons Ever wonder if your favorite celebs have the same tastes you do?
Sure, everybody likes wearing fa
Life's a beach, and I'm just playing in the sand.
3.
He fake af
Fucking finally.
Let's get this done.
Hey Yogi what are your thoughts on tonights game Agianst 5Michigan St.
vs.
20Indiana?
Who will have the biggest impact?
thanks girl
The worst part about cumming at work: I have to be quiet!
The best part: I am cumming on the clock!
Ha Ha
A favorite!!
I love Adam
you suck you lose :
Awesome!
So have you guys started routing your summer tour?
Hope everyone saw the piece on Paul Allen last night on 60 minutes.
Inside look at Bill Gates and his management style.
Interesting.
Capital One is excited to sponsor Juntos Podemos, a SHPE program targeted to STEMfocused Hispanic high schoolers, at UVA this weekend
ChuckNorris doesn't bowl strikes, he just knocks down one pin and the other nine faint...
Ron Artest should seriously reconcider his ridiculous name change at this point in time.
met your colleague Bob Schieffer at Newseum  really enjoyed what he had to say.
Girls that think their bisexual or lesbian  stick to dick..
LOL.
I'd swear Whoopi Goldberg just walked past pushing a shopping cart.
Yes but that's only because they can smell the faggot on me
thank you!3
30 off all wine at Vons?!
Congrats Eric!
Congrats to Mizzou on the Big 12 Title and to McCluer North High School for winning another 5A title
Anyone with free tickets to Indiana Flower  Patio Show?
Watching Johnny English reborn, it's do funny!
Great piece, KPD.
Looking forward to Game 7!
In studio laying down new tracks
I love my connection group!
We had such a blast tonight!
any word on meetup?
Halsey Burgunds audio art incorporates contributions into the piece right away.
800 submissionsall A OK.
Unwritten contract based on trust?
If I changed the world for you, I bet you wouldn't have a clue.
face your manga for the avatar.
I'm not sure I've ever been so tired.
Triple beam doctorams..
Thank you!!
Happy Wednesday to you too!!
You need to do something in SD so I can meet you!
That sounded stalkery didn't it?
Lol.
Knock SF out!
hope your day is great!
Jack White, Florence, Black Keys, Black Sabbath, Childish Gambino, Nero, Bassnectar, Chili peppers, doomtree, wax, Avicii, at the doctorvein
in my opinion if we're willing to give heterosexual couples these rights and 50 of the time it fails anyway then why not gays?
Is no.
But you're cuter thN both of us :
thx for askingI had another meeting.
Do you have a presentation I can access?
it's sex isn't it?
At least that's what I always thought.
Finn Hudson be my boyfriend.
naw, I will be there next month
where's Tony Plush?
I hate being at work for this long!!!
ThankYa...
I hope you've had a great day!
So true RT : One of my favorite things about MNnptech is finding new local nonprofessort techies to follow!
Take advantage, follow away.
Trala!
It's May!
Thanks for the follow!!!:D I love u guys: ur song I don't want to lose you has rly helped me:' thank u333
If there's anything I've learned from the Burger King, its that his kingdom's number one product gives me the shits
when did this happen!?
Text me?
: The difference in this game.
Rebounds and free throw attempts.
Incredibly one sided in those categories!
and fouls
diversity is four things: representation, support, integration/inclusion, multiculturalism
Thanks for the add, stay tuned for Skincare  Color cosmetic tips!
My focus is to bring the Beauty Counter to you!
Knowing where you are headed makes life so much easier!
Never forgetting where you came from makes you appreciate where you are now!
Ahh: Shoes off, wine poured, starting to read The Orphan Master's Son.
Yes.
Having another awesome 2 day writing session tonight!
Who's excited?!
Yeah, I have a feeling we won't be so lucky with warm days like today the rest of this autumn.
But I found a ton of beachglass!
Same!!
I'm so pissed!!
CW sucks!!
To get them to renew was hard, but getting another network 2 pick it up is much harder :
Happy birthday King Of Openings, Ajith!
Hello Terri, I have noticed that you haven't post a single tweet yet.
May I know something about you?
True that!
Either way, it's all about asses!
Time for the eggroll eating contest.
I'll continue with my own private beer doctornking contest instead.
I don't know if this is more or less disturbing than the original
I seriously don't know what to do anymore..
I mean why am I following you if I can't read the language you type in ?
Let's play the blame game.
I luv it
bout to go to three jams....UIC, Waterhole, Lilly's....
This is such an awesome idea, you guys!!
Hope your guests take advantage of it and give Evan some good suggestions!
Cheetos and a white polo, you're a rebel, y'are.
9 months ago today was giving us pizza.
Um what.
Dewey loses LA managing partner and cochair of energy practice to Sidley.
At Chick Fil A with Evander Holyfield.
No big deal.
Wow RT : How did yourfavwhiteguy get a verified page?
Yep!
Thanks.
:
Whats the word on Ben?
I hope he can play tomorrow night now.
its there for the Steelers taking.
In Dwight, IL.
doctornking beer.
With my parents.
Some things never change.
Aye!
What up tho?
so bord hanging wiff the best bro in the world and bethany
RT So much happening today.
officially kicking off reelection campaign today.
Fired up, ready to go.
All aboard.
Just saw a girl with the BIGGEST ASS EVER
Just got finished foldin clothes bout 2 take a nap, til the kids wake up!!!
Going on a run in beautiful Queenstown and then trying to catch the bus bright and early tomorrow.
THE EVENTS MUSIC WILL BE BY DJ WHO ALSO HOSTED THE SCARRED UP MIX TAPE PART 2 BY
this has to be about Reece.
Are you working on a product review theme?
One with author and user ratings, that would work for reviewing anything, movies, apps.
ALLERGY ATTACK!!!!
argh :'
hey, are the shirts out yet ???
Last night I doctoramt that RonPaul was my sugar daddy.
It goes to show, I hope that you know that you are What my doctorams are made of
That moment you wake up, don't know where you are, and then realize youre in California
Just introduced my two European buds Raymond and Joseph to
which ones?
i wish i knew we was coming over my other sister house i would of stayed home!!
always talking, forever and ever
Step 2: Define the requirements.
Agencies should align brand motivations, user needs and personnel resources
Spot trending now in Santa Monica, CA: Yankee Doodle's  Sports Bar
Day 4 of this juice diet and I'm hungry as hell.
Using self control but I'll be honest
mornin america!!!!!!!!
i can tell today is gonna be a good day.

mister Allen, you showD NO grace under minimal pressure, callG another man a macaca  monkey.
Kids donT need your example.
CUBUFFS!
Let's close it out
like this if you agree that tonight was a tasty night in Boyle Heights!
StreetVendorsFundoctoriser .
Poco a Poco!
Hello there and , thanks for following!!
Switched to apple trackpad today, from my beloved logitech gaming mouse, lets see how it goes
I want to go out!
RETWEET If you love yourself !
: 3
my backyard actually lol and I work for a private company that has contracts with some airlines
Have fun...
Right back at ya Francine.
And it all began on twitter : Keep observing and writing, and we'll be reading.
Over 400lbs and it stands on it's own two feet...YES!!!!!
It will surely hang : Where art and engineering meet.
In other news, Kimmie is headed this way for movies qnd booze.
This day is turning out alright.
But, for real, how would like to have Spike Lee staring a hole into your back?
You look at him  know you're killing his childhood doctoram.
Seski brush fur with pine cone to make handsome for that day!
I do!!
I was just really hungover today and was not at my top performance
Summer flavors are rolling out this week!!
Call for schedule.
3033222253.
Yes that means Key Lime!!!!
at Meadow Muffins rockin with the multitalented  good crowd, 3 bday parties, sexy ladies, FREE COVER ages 21
I guess you're talking about their stores.
I'm referring to their website.
Different pricing.
Red Devil Lounge tonight with !
Show starts at 8, we're on at 10.
My shirt better be at school tomorrow : thanks sweetie.
School than work till close
I unfollow if theres no follow back :
interesting thought: not too much overlap from ExploreDFW conversation...perhaps this is listing specific vs aggressive strategy
Happy MardiGras to everyone!!
I wish I were home catching to parades with my family!!
This RT : Riight?
RT : GOP says recall rules too easy.
Then fail to recall 9 Dems in 12 months.
Easy, huh?
most likely will probably try to start up a new project this summer if the money is right by the time.
m/
Awesome!
RT Painter I don't believe anything revolutionary has ever been invented by committee.
Wozniak
PC enjoys the thoughts of Albert Camus.
A great philospher in time!
pt1: I get fired up about sharing the success stories and battles of libraries beyond the library echo chamber.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Thanks for saying bye
S/o to my boy chacha for graduating today
How2MakeABlackPersonMad play the movie so loud they can't hear each other in a theater.
nuttin boring as usual im goin to bednight
Love like there's no tomorrow.
who is getting married
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 25
RT : Your marketing message gets better when you figure out one niche.
When you walk away I'll chase you just not far
The desk lilacs have seen better days.
RIP.
Looking forward to seeing the play Rock 'N' Roll tonight at the Mosaic Theatre.
We're experiencing some issues with our hosting provider, so our site might be down for some of you.
Should be back up shortly.
Thank you!
is so funny she reminds me of my cousins in chicago...
Follow back and DM me :
Does anyone else feel a little queasy when they have to look at the words Paid iPad?
Like staring at redandgreen stripes.
only preseason games won at Bruce's
ItGetsMeMadWhen things does not go the way I want
smile, WE LOVE YOUU!:
para comes from prepare not beside?
Fuck!
Quickly  the Latin etymology of paranoia.
Mind Defense???
Animal House is on.
is talking me through its comedy glory, but he probably won't notice when I leave.
You kind of did.
Didn't you take on like a dozen ninjas in a warehouse full of trampolines?
were about to put rosehulman nation on our backs.
Understanding what your credit score is and how it is calculated can save you money
ahahaaaa oh no!!
You know...the way to my heart is through my stomach ; hahah !
I can't stand the silence!!
of course sir!
Thanks as well!
Whenever you're free.
Text me.
I am getting rid of my HTC and getting an iPhone tomorrow I think!
so excited!
I love my life.
No matter it's good or bad, I know God is always with me, and that's more than enough.
: The fast food guy told me to have a wonderful day and it made me smile.
lmao claim you got a criminal lawyer.
Now defamation of character?
This is too funny.
thanks for reminding me!!
I'll fill out the site now!
Be kind  for everyone is fighting a great battle.
Talking with a good friend who is in a tough situation reminded me of this today.
yeah, they are scoring tons!
Packers will play HOME vs.
Cardinals 49ers Saints Jaguars  Titans.
AWAY:
So excited for tonight yayyy!!!
cancelled major portions of Space program  put good ppl out of work So he could pay 4 Cronies, freeloaders  slugs!
Socialist!
Unanswerable questions.
Must be Monday.
Wisdom comes with realizing what we must give up, willingly or unwillingly, in order to grow.
The greatest of faults, I should say, is to be conscious of none.
I'm guessing Black Eyed Peas still have a feeling tonight's gonna be a good night.
ugh ok that's wassup
I totally understand; same here but  books haha :
So true It.was fun with ashton
When you eat a doughnut for breakfast and all the girls give you death stares cuz you are still Smaller than they are 
Good luck, hun!
I enjoyed ImpactWrestling tonight but I gotta now and read the review on pro wrestling.net.
Later peeps.
Tried a V8 in an effort to eat healthier.
Got two servings in on a three servings bottle before deciding to stick with water.
Silver says governor's support will further isolate the senate
I need a BJ.
Yes I said it.
God doesn't know where you got this whole don't have sex thing from.
He never said that.
The task of art today is to bring chaos into order.
The weight of our burdens become much lighter with every new day because we become more resilient and stronger
Love your sense of humor  sensibilities.
I'm repped by Abrams Artists on a broad comedywould u b interested 2 take a look?
Many thanks to you for being an amazing ambassador of the sport.
We were so thankful to have you.
i like what is doing for rsd.
hot hot hot.
Pretty sure Crazy CoWorker is doctornk.
It would explain why she's not wearing shoes today.
At all.
Go Tribe home town fan 4 life
Kilian Hennessey makes the most divine perfume..
Prelude to Love.
I'm completely addicted.
You got it dude!
I'll call you after 12 noon.
I'm glad you put it this way one of the points I hope to tackle in current piece I'm writing.
thanks so much, we appreciate the appreciation and encouragement!
hah!
Thank you!
I'll try to tone it down for the next 8 months.
Beach and pool time should be on the brain!
RT : Looking forward to being guest on twitter chat today with bizmomsknow 12pm ET talking about video We2!
:D
Amazing job tonight !!!
Love the new song!!
What part of town are you in?
Just saw you and Pranav on the Amex commercial during the Oscars!
So cool guys!
Yes, seems to be public enemy 1.
RT : John Dunbar of Center for Public Integrity says Speed kills accuracy.
DS: agreed.
Football town because of the Ravens success and Orioles failures.
I'm under instruction from my mentor to spend one whole week doing ONLY the things I lovethen I have a lot of work to do.
Wonder what his name is..
I like to play sports hanging out with friends and i like to play video games
RT : Being kind is more important than being clever or gd looking.
I'm not clever or gd looking.
But i'm kind
Having just been hit by a car on my BIKE, it is no fun at all.
Tony K, you're an idiot, joking or not.
every Friday night at 9 is a must be watching GA with some pizza and wings!
Lol RT tweet back?
Optimize your website for mobile  Attend our next HiveC3 seminar: Tablets, Phones,  Desktops, Oh My!
May 4....
I think Constitution has to come out of Bachmann's mouth every dozen words or else she'll short circuit.
sounds like a good day.
318, but hey they were free lol
Happy Birthday !!
You are pure class,  hope you are enjoying your special day:
Direct from the NYS film office, it's Deputy Director, Jerry Stoeffhaas!
Glad to have you here.
Anxious to hear the Made in NY Panel on...
He's a stud.
Plain and simple.
He also has 6 more RBI than the next Cardinal.
Today wrapping up a twoweek sprint.
So, we'll have a review meeting and retrospective meeting.
Then Monday we start all over again!
COWBOY BEBOP IS ON
Canton bocce sign ups end Thursday please register online baltimorebocce.con
A heart attack was my first guess.
My hatred for you just keeps growing.
You're lucky there's 15 days left.
lol  I think that was probably exactly what my first tweet said :
Enjoyed your guest post!
Can you tweet about Movember?
Guess who's boo has had a shave : x
Had such a crap day.
SINGLE AND LOOKING FOR :D:D
Do those institutions allow photocopying?
Bc that could be a problem b/c its an application of fairuse best practices.
aiip12 shout out to all attendees and Twitter followers!
Will try to keep y'all posted.
bus casual, party fit, chill fit, sweats!
I'm excited to go to Wet n Wild with Crystal and her boyfriend.
May needs to come to an end already.
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.
Arthur C.
Clarke
how much crap did he take today?
:
St.
Louis  looking for something to do tonight?
Go see Safari at the Crack Fox.
Retro, yet modern indie rock from cleveland.
I enrolled in a class for overcoming OCD.
I enrolled in a class for overcoming OCD.
I enrolled in a class for overcoming OCD.
I enrolled in
Realized I've been pronouncing sea anemone wrong my entire life.
's advice for success: Work hard.
Harder than the person sitting next to you.
RT : RT : Easy Street is giving away a free pair of front row seats to see us open for Robert Cray Saturday:...
It took awhile to get me in And I'm gonna take my time Don't fight that good shit in your ear Now let me blow ya mind
just shot u a txt u still got the same s?
Open to 25x, so I flat obv and he shoves 60x on the k92 flop and I snap
Omg!
I just watched makeup tips I'm ROTFl!
3
You dont have to make people feel bad about themselves just so you'll feel good about yourself.
Its pathetic and you need to stop.
IfIwonthelotterytonight I'd buy Rob Dyrdeks Fantasy Factory
We ain't afraid of no snow!
We're still planning on having Web414 tonight We'll let you know if anything changes
Football is finally here!
Did you know that Santa Fe was chosen as the No.
1 Cultural Getaway and the No.
1 Independent Boutiques by Travel  Leisure readers?
Showed everyone at school how amazing sings and my friends were shocked!!
RT : Five minutes in Eternity, every one of us will wish we'd sacrificed more, prayed more, loved more, wept more!Ravenhill
Yay!
Glad you guys are enjoying it!
They fall victim to my system, guess I sure know how to pick em
shooting it as we speak!
It's a beautiful day 2 be off!
possibly maybe today could u um u know follow me?
PLEASE IT'D MAKE MY YEAR BETTER
: everyone needs to stop turning into Janoskians accounts.
theyre great and i like them but like fuck that.
i'm here for 1D.
Thanks girl!
Hope you are doing well : 
those wings last night were to good lol
Time for spring football, this guy has 5 games to ref.
First up...
two women's games.
An intense group of individuals.
Watching CNBC show on carbon trading.
Interesting/undecided
.
Huge Congratulations and well deserved.
I need to proclaim mylove for you over the twitter.
You are a beautiful person,  if I dont see ur face tonight I wont be ok!
You are so amazing!
We totally have a crush on you.
If you are ever in Portland, OR come check us out!!!
xoxox
i get so distracted, so fast.
have u heard about it?
did it :
BREAKING: Santorum just now aware that women were given the right to vote.
Quote: Ok, but the queers can't vote, right?
Let's Go Ducks!!!
I'll be cheering you on to victory against Auburn...you can do it!!!
Believe the yaysayers.
Yes you can!!
Jawanza!
Pastured eggs btw.
Love the life you live and you will live the life you love
omelette baby, everyday!
RT twitterstorians do you happen to know about any scholarship on wounded and disabled American WWII vets?
/ cc
Today is just one of those days where I don't want to get up from the covers but it's hot as hell in my room :/ lazy...
I may have written a masterpiece or a trainwreck.
I guess I will find out later.
Thanks Oli!
Subscribers in the UK can win brand new bestselling Douglas Kennedy titles.
You'll see when you get it!
Shout out to Def brought that D town/ATX/NY swag to DC and shut the city down.
Even more beautiful in person!
RT : You need to be here at thesocial meeting your future mister and mister.
Right Now style
can't dm if not following ...
You inspire me soo much, thank you for everything you do.3 7
When you ask God for an answer, let him answer.
He doesn't need our counsel to give it.
He is God alone.
livistithbooks, Jesus,
moving?
What did I miss?
What's your next gig?
doctoram start for the NYR!!!!
LineUp looks great so far!
I'm still standing.
All by myself...but wait I'm not alone, goodness  mercy shall follow me all the days of my life.
I shall rectify that soon, heh.
I do not miss L.A.
traffic.
Condolences.
where u going?!
loving life right now!!!
If is ever in Seattle, the owner will buy him his whole meal.
I've enjoyed his work for years.
There is an ice cream truck circling my neighborhood.
Playing Jingle Bells.
Somewhat seasonally inappropriate, no?
what makes you special what makes you better than everybody else?
and if you got a job you only get paid 250 every two weeks dont act fancy
thabks for following, your life sounds very inspirational!!
Follow and join us for Members LOUNGE at the Jones Center tonight.
Roof open  5:30
i think yor gorgeous and sweet i just wish yu were mine i would treat like princess and i wouldnt lie plz be mine?3
Life is like riding a bicycle.
To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Albert Einstein
IfiWasPresident I would lower the prices on the chips BACK to 25 cent
When she grabs at Ur hands.
Grab hers nd play with her fingers3
i was about to say wow you are up early
Happy Mothers Day, !!
:
Weezy blackshear has a great career ahead of him
the Jones foul was a joke as well.
Our boy Spencer won a chainsaw in some competition if you were still on FB this would be old news
Lol what is Nick Cannon up to these days?
Don't tell me he's trying to sing again?
Be careful about reading health books.
You may die of a misprint  Mark Twain
Playing I spy with via FaceTime made my night.
McAdory: Memory Lane smells of Talladega pork chops
Grading papers...
...
...
Why do I assign things to all come in at the same time?
Trivia answer is Yasmin.
Join us at 6 pm for more.
i got Wisconsin going all the way.
no way i could pick ohio st or duke!
I hope to see some great musicians at our open mic tonight.
I've got a lot of dates to fill, I hope you bring it.
Thanks for sharing this link!
Loved it, by the way.
Loved.
I'm still singing it!
Stop in tonight to try our professorteroles with pistachio ice cream and whipped cream!
urrghhh don't remind me, I have summer classes every weekend until the end of July then I come home for a week!
howbad is right
its ok..
im a bad tweeter..
: The names' Richard, not Dick.
Any guy named Richard.
: Remember Richard Whiskey changed his name to Dick Liquor!!!
Haha
In my Gmail Spam Folder / A Recipe for Ginger Spam Salad / So thoughtful of you Google
I hear you on that.
it feel good out here...
we shall we jus gotta pick a cliff to jump off
that's the grown up version of my studio city living room!
ha
Good luck to everyone taking national boards the next couple days, you'll do great!
BlueRock shot on the af100 this weekend.
We loved it!
Have you used it?
A relationship don't have to be perfect, It just gotta be real
Tell jun dave and eddie to follow me direct msg them if you can please thank you
We believe!
5 minutes!
Time to make some dip!
Great Inkling sales pitch at Future of Publishing ;
yaaaay!
so s'up?
Just leaving my Graduation Party...Appreciate everyone that came and partied with me!!!!
Nice quote!
i forgot how much movies taught us, like in Grease where turning into a slut gets you the guy
wants to thank for introducing me to elote, one of the most delicious things on the planet
I can see clearly now, the rain is gone.
If you replace see with hear and rain with wax, I know, gross!
Thanks to all my STEELER FAMILY that's what makes us true friends  fans.
We stick together  are there for each other!
Again thanks
Loving you is like loving a star.
Youre amazing The only problem is that the distance is so farpeace and love!
I love criminal minds
I'm doctoraming heavy tonight about payout music
Enjoying my Mother's Day Eve: Cool breeze, nice glass of red and a bit of quiet.
Ah.
Baby you ain't seen nothing yet 
Call the night before next time  we will have it waiting for you!
Glad we could help!
Looking forward to trying !
Actions speak louder then words
The audience asks if anything can be done to reform
god point , thanks for having my back bud!
At physical therapy.
Love!
RT : Be real  stay away from the cookiecutter blogs and emails.
Always offer outstanding content and you'll succeed!
was the prom queen
it's delish and priced very well.
It's in the highlands.
You are on.
No fee required.
Just good company.
DM me the deets.
Yay!
Neither can we!
; RT : can't wait for the big
Thought winter was over?
Ugg Boots?
Zhang Huan39;s soaring professorle a symbol of Chinese art in full flight
Aww hon, I'm soo sorry.
:
Ther eis a horse named Sabercat at the Kentucky Derby.
I would put my money on him just for that name.
Its a sin to hold grudges so ima forgiving person
Hope you're enjoying today.
The whitewashing is alarming on sopa.
Because you keep saying it doesn't make it true.
sopa needs more than one block.
enlisted passengers to help There.
Done.
i want them!!!!
gtf out of here lol.
Look up the career stats for both.
Jordans are way better and he helped build a franchise from nothing.
Chief Wray said despite the lack of violence he is not backing away from his push to end Mifflin2012.
we are managing chaos.
firstdayback And I'm already doctorading it......
statements like that are why those of us who love you keep doing so!
Good afternoon, Albuquerque!
It's been a busy day with a couple of IT headaches and plenty of designs to get out How is your tuesday?
I love you baby I hope you are having a good day.
Can't wait to see you when I get off!!!!!!!!
All about the klondike
Please tell me Chris Davis is really coming in to pitch the bottom of the 16th.
Please.
Great meeting with Karinder and Loni over at SWAT Arts Center about screening indie films made and about people of color!
x okay!
: the average youth in america sees 25,000 ads a year.
in remixing gendered ads workshop ovc10 great session
The spitup does not go well with this sweater.
Given a choice I'm still taking to start a game 7 over Lackey.
Any day of the week.
Brittle plastic spiral bindings are the bane of my existence today.
leather seats, eh?
Cocoa Beach is going off for this Slater wedding....
Not a problem, thanks.
it looks cute boo
But what if the city lacks the ability/desire to capitalize on the investment?
get over it grouchy papa bear.
Got it; thank you for the prompt response!
So much news on the topic, eager to read your perspective.
you gotta buy em for a buck.
They're kinda cool but you have to copy and paste them from the app
Going to bed..
I think it's in Annapolis  about 45 minutes or more south.
C goes near there everyday.
Let's facetime on this soon.
Members Card Rockets under 207
Belated congratulations to my friends on BESE election in Louisiana  on election to Takoma MD City Council.
Good photo shoot.
G nite twitter.
I feel like a KU fan right now.
apparently u can still audition online tho
The Story Of Us.
For the LA friends, I know of an amazing apt that just became available in Manhattan Beach.
Ping me if you're looking.
what kind of music genre is he is we?
Because I never heard of him.
That's like asking the creative director to also do graphic design.
RT IF YOU'RE CRYING WHILE WATCHING THE BOYZ
USNH to begin hires in curatorial, collections  informatics.
8 positions.
All levels.
I think I'm gonna miss the lunch table the most after graduation
he's really as awesome in person
PeopleLikeUs Bleed purple/gold and use Boston Green toilet paper
i done ate now
You watching the game
Totes art.
Want to see you imitate that yo!
Awww : I'll assume that you are doing alright at least :P Go enjoy it!!
I really hope the can't trust citizen journalism box doesn't get checked off.
Also, where's run on Diet Coke?
give girls another episode?
Though potentially that will create more mess not less.
NASCARprimetime Fast Jimmy Johnson
Happy Catchupdayforthe365.2442daysinayear Day!
Gregory Campbell ties the score at 11 for the
Hoping 'S flagship mixtape is as good as it gets from him.I like his serious music..no time for the joke songs.
All from the heart
My new follower

I'm with you.
But the DH and Lily Marie love it.
It's a daddy/daughter date.
Conventional Thinkers make up 90 of us.
What does that mean to us??
doctorRich Douglas tell us more at

Ok that was fun SportingKC.
U were great  the team is a reflection of leadership, thank you for all you do.
Houston just smack a homerun.
LMAO..Oh my god.
We are really the best.
Two perfect nights in a row.
If ur serious about making money.
Holla!
The sky is falling!
lmao.Thats kind of the point.
Obviously I didn't predict how the A's would be thru the 1st 36 games.
I love it when Ss come up to me after class to talk about stuff they are learning in other classes that they want to apply in mine.
Hey Love!: When you can, Please check your DMs.
Hope you have a Grande day!!: 
Exciting things happening very soon...
bout to doctorp 2 fresh EPs just for YOU.
Flower gleam and glow.
Let your power shine.
Make the clock reverse, bring back what once was mine3
thanksgiving bro
Let's go Spurs!
The doctorve for five is alive!
I can't Remember what my dads voice sounds like
RT thanks going out to
haha just trying to get closer to
Pun of the Day: Birds are grouchy in the morning because their bills are over dew.
If we're going to have a discussion about marriage, can we also have one about the shameful divorce rate?
Got my blue and white panther stripes on
But, 23 years ago today, I gained a brother.
Happy Birthday I'm glad I haven't killed you yet.
Comics, as much as you think you need to ignore that light, remember that the staff also want to get back home sometime.
Got the domain name back.
Rocks!
That's all that needs to be said 
If you cannot find the truth right where you are, where else do you expect to find it?
Good morning LIW ladies!
So great to see everyone this morning!
cc:
today sunday you have to do that
I support that : glad I'm helping!
haha
Save some room for ConcertsontheCurve Birthday Boy!
RT : Just got down on a piece of fried chicken while doctorving.
Ladies Tank Tops available this Monday  www.SnoClothing.com Stay Tuned....
Can't wait to discover my yoga studio in Brisbane.
Suggestions are most welcome!
In case you don't yet know, I am 's twitter for her etsy page.
DirtysLaundoctor.etsy.com YAY!
:
: I sent an email to the support alias and no one has gotten back to me in over 2 weeks.
haha I forget how that goes, I used to know that one, but it's been 4 years since I studied music theory!
:
I prefer the company of peasants because they have not been educated sufficiently to reason incorrectly
Life itself is the proper binge.
Julia Child.
I know!
One of my favorites.
doing the same right now
I remember your dad and that wonderful story you did about him!
He is an awesome guy.
Hung over...
Looking for my first new house.
im so scared to watch cabin in the woods especially in this weather..
this is coco shut up yasmin lol
Brain Floss: Chewing gum can help move food particles caught between teeth and helps prevent plaque by stimulating saliva production.
Yes I nap does sound good....I'll take two
puff puff puff puff!
causeofmybutt!
HAHA
come to club brady
: I have one too
I only carry oversized bags that cant be held on a wrist for that very reason
naw had sum business to handle call me :!
today i think im going out y manana i want to try something lol
i'm actually lovin nicki minaj's new song :
Checking in: How are those New Years resolutions holding up so far?
If this traevon situation was switched and a black man had killed a white teen things would have been handled differently and that's sad.
Correct, 3 rounds and we will get the scenarios posted at the store and online soon.
Super rainy day  Free car wash!!
Paper chasin early in the AM doctoramchaser 
hahah take me?
:p what?
Checked out
NEW ALBUM IS JUMPIN MY HOMEBOY BOUT TO B THE HOTTEST NOIZE IN YA TRUNKS THIS SUMMER!!!
im so sorry I was acting a fool!
lol
I totally agree!
Thinks programming languages will become standard part of education; if not and you want to be an entrepreneur then make it part.
Can I go home?
im seeking direction in my latest buisness endevor.
you are the only one to turn to.
please respond via email.wont be disapointed
a lost Art only remembered by those of us who grew up in the real HOOD, Brooklyn...TOP of the food chain!!
WhereInTheWorldIsHarryStyles well me and him are making babie.
What day of the week is your favorite to catch a concert?
is seriously the ONLY way to find an Atlanta apartment...it is SO easy, SO fast and SO convenient
Amazing collapse of storms in last hour.
Enjoy a warm and humid evening.
in high school I was encouraged to build edtech apps, but I had to really take the initiative to do it
Conrad Murray must pay.
...so this is where u been hiding?
how old is old to you,
Wow thanks and for the FF!
Have a wonderful NationalTrainDay weekend!
www.joborworker.com  we will cover China, India, Russia very soon!!!
Post your job there for free!
Japanese Girls Are Cool...But Silly
Been shopping since like 12...
Still not done...
Thank god I wore sneakers.
This hail big as hell!
Getting my tattoo in less than 24 hours
doods, RSVP to the Outer Minds record release with MM, RADAR EYES, and SUMMER GIRLFRIENDS on April 7th at the Bottle!
!
59 for 10Class doctorpIn Card from Sun Moon Yoga
this too!!
lots of good stuff.
Is there a recording?
B.
Davis Feel better my Brother I know that you gave it your all.
Hope you come back as a Knick as a Teacher !!!
New Approach  CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM Alternative to Arrest, Probation and/or Incarceration  Coming to America in 2013
koolin just got off!!
Happy Birthday !
:
Act4Youth is the account 4 ACCEPT All Caring for Every Person Together A,C,C.E.P.T.
Cville makeitbetter Pls RT
And FF who leads really thoughtful discussions like this morning's
Thanks for the RT Stephen!
Keep working hard...it pays off.
I would rather be bored with the truth than live with a lie
alright, let's try to do lunch some time next week :
200K budget for collabs and marketing!Need to find super hero major artists who want to jump on this project and many others
That sounds awesome!
That restaurant just got added to my bucket list.
Steady MT : No coffee covers now I'm paranoid going to have Bridget Jones moment  embarrass myself by spilling coffee
i can't WAIT.
lol.
special occasion or you just felt like going home?
When a woman fed up there nothin u can go about it
Yep, at www.jimmyluvsbloodymarymix.com.
Thanks!
He or she provides education and assistance by consulting attorneys, paralegals and staff with
Happy Earth Day!
Girls are so dumb.
Lol
high prices, low incomes and cheap digital tech are the main ingredients of piracy
WAYNsWORLD today  2 PM!!!
Listen in!!!!
Giving away Rick Ross tickets!
I can't even predict my moods no more they just be swinging all over the place.
Off to Jerusalem, Budapest and the UK!
Have a great three weeks!
douggieb
answer the phone dude like really
if was there I totally would!
That is definitely an interesting way to celebrate the ides of march :D
Nap then darty..
summer 
I like how everyone thinks that people are tweeting about them when they do bad tweets ;
Oh well, I'm finna work out, toodles .
x
Good stuff indeed.
:
RT that list forgot to include
Well, based on what I've heard, I think Obama should sing the rest of his SOTU, with Biden doing the beatbox behind him.
A simple solution to an impossible problem: today is the day I've been waiting for.
thank you.
sorry ur stuck on her fake ass.
That bitch is sorry.
Accepting applications for the Feb.
2010 academy.
The last test for that academy is Oct.
7th.
apply at www.vbgov.com
Saw 3D in your pants.
moviesinyourpants, not
For those UConn fans scoring at home  and as ESPN's Sean McDonough just pointed out  Alex Oriakhi is from Lowell, MA.
I thought this would be at least a 56 game series!
Shit this looks like OKC sweeping them!
Time to get ready for work.
Thank goodness it's an early night.
are you?
PROSKIdoctorW if so tweet about something positive inspirational in the community
Win  LukeBryan tix at 5:35p on FROGGY you will NOT have to make out with the bird poo lady from america's got talent to win
you suck
The ICONic Boyz were awesome last night, I luv you guys!!!!, Madison Alamia!!!!!!
you so crazy!
:P but i love you
I think it's sexy too
Down to 15000.
Virtually no hands.
saw the cutest cockapoo today ...
Hella girls in the stalls , but not one is making any noise .
Until I walked in ; they flushed
will be the Master of Ceremonies for 's InTheArtOfTheCity event on 05.03.12!!!
Congratulations !
It's time to show them what's up.
Oh, I had my moments, and if I had to do it over again, I'd have more of them
On the line, getting wet.
Thanks for the RT :
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me21
mine either.
I actually have to click on mentions to see anything.
It's on multiple apps.
play hard or go home!
on environmental scanning: look through multiple sources to sense emerging trends
idk look her up on here...she on my page PrincessUbah
booked a commercial shortly after taking classes from He suggests you sign up for her classes!
I heard a little about it last night  sounds cool!
Poor choice for adoption placement; too young to leave its dam.
Tennis with Mama Carole today...wish me luck.
Thinking about starting a paper.li for future technology but it would probably be mostly articles 8P
Can you believe we have a class called Writing in Digital Environments at UCF.
Twilight zone.
.
.
i need you to join my staff if i get a job this year
Most likely.
Yeah, gotta do what you gotta do.
Hmm, so how have you been?
It's been a while since we've really talked.
I'm afraid I don't know you but I looked at your TL and thought I'd say happy birthday too!
no but he had the same skin complexion but ive never seen him before
I hear  I forget.
I see  I remember.
I test 'em  make bank.
From Pearson's Book of Zen
can't sorry working a double shift tomorrow :/
Girl u look better with the lights off:
I believe all politicians should have terms!
One in office and one in jail!
So my neighbor, Tim Hockenberry, just crushed it on America's Got Talent.
Way to go, Tim!
Today's the day to meet and mingle w/some friends.
Join us at Ping Pong Dim Sum tonight from 69pm for HH specials!
See you there!
Just got home  saw the Mariano Rivera news.
Shame 1 of the top baseball players I've ever seen probably finished cause of a freak accident.
Thanks for the follow!
Anything cool going on in the car world?
dance dance dance al night !
sasd lovemydancefamily!
I just found out about who you are about 2 min ago and thought I'd follow cus I like ur hat.
I think I'm going to go through and like ALL of 's videos: 3
Good morning tuesday...
I still have a bunch of work to do at my sister's house.
I'll be back later.
Have a wonderful day :

had a great stay in NYC during adtech.
I love the yobot and the hotel.
See you next time I am in NYC.
May 17 is my bday right?
Well could u say happy birthday if u cn?
Ur my idol!
ILy;
My experience with Apple iTunes has thus far consisted of nothing but frustration, every step of the way.
Wow....:/ so sad how just one person can fuck up ur life 
Naw I'm good man I'm already parallel parked in a vertical world sorry!
YES!
Oh and block off 30 mins afterwards so we can poke around all the old timey vintage stuff!
will be at BeerCon.
Will you?
Sorry to hear that!
Is it okay?
Someone put a quarter in Fergie.
Reading 'emperor of maladies.' money quote: 'In God we trust.
All others must have data.'
you guys interested in playing aug19 in dc with us?
We want to see you all rock the sht again!
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
Willa Cather
Text me your needs .....
To summarize  nametags on lanyards are less effective than good signage.
Still get asked constantly Do you work here?
Looking forward to watching weightofthenation on Monday!
Why did my cable malfunction in the mist of the 4th quarter...I hate you Comcast!!
Just for today...lol
VISIT Milwaukee Give away.
Would you like two tickets to the Milwaukee Art Museum to see the Summer of CHINA exhibitions?
Just email info
Nice.
RT : reworking script, finding the comedy in human condition not the situation
Hi, Delighted to have you aboard.
Just now read your write up of the October event!
Thank you!
ROTFLMAO!
Yeah that would be awesome if it did turn up as well.
Oh, hey Zach
Joe Mauer signed 184mill contract.
has hit 4HR since.
Now would be a good time for
You know it!
Fuel of the gods!
Bring me back a togo box of those never ending basket of cheddar biscuits please!
Lamb4threegotit!
He stands a second as if not knowing what to do.
He is a sad, bewildered, broken old man.
LONG DAYS JOURNEY INTO NIGHT
ThingsIGetAlot.....You're such a SPOILED PRINCESS : : :
I'm proud to say that even through all the fame Justin got he stayed real and is still kidoctoruhl 3
9RoundMinute: 30second Plank followed with Alt Front Lunges.
New Year, New You!
We are a stubborn generation

Diamondbacks Game roof closed.
me to!!
I understand completely Jacobb
Susan Stanford Friedman mentioned that we could consider something like a poster session for collaborative projects ?
I'll get back to you on it as soon as I sit down for more than a few seconds, haha.
I'm working a 45 hour week.
Better to have a good friend than a bad relative.
Sicilian Proverb
Only failing 3 classes now
THE CAKE IS A LIE!
Thanks for the tip.
I mean she ok, but she ain't all that!
she ain't the next bitch tell that bitch fall back
DalaiLama next in an exclusive interview with , on
but has that sinister side.
Just can't trust her.
Actual entries on workflow I'm writing: 8.
Use the key on the door to enter the tunnel.
9.
Follow the tunnel until you get to the cage.
Arrietty may have pluses but J.
anime characters stuck in ugly and acting stuck in primitive.
Sam Yahel.
Truth and Beauty.
nowplaying Unusual and great.
Thanks for making me feel better.
I hate choosing.
where my followers at
My suggested doctornk if you go as a group is cocktail number 440  served on a scorpion bowl with Barcardi 151 flaming shot in the middle.
RT : What do you think is the most valuable experience you can give interns?
Their own standalone project
MKE Firkin Fest 2012 is July 21.
Save the date hop heads!
Great leaders are doctorven by an unbending purpose.
As a result, they are willing to take personal risks.
Rob Goffee and Gareth Jones
's LoveGame on repeat.
just ran into who joined us 4 crab  lobster dinner...
Nom nom nom.
Even Busta Rhymes was at City Crab getting some.
RT : I'm A Sex Addict But IDGAF
I still don't get it..
PDX, sitting at a desk all day can wreak havoc on your back.
Our chiropractic adjustments are gentle and effective.
Come visit us!
not good for STL.
Wouldn't be surprised if he misses tomorrow's gamemaybe more.
With Christie deciding to pass on the not quite oval enough office, Papa John is getting into the presidential race.
What you know about Outkast??
JK love the pic!
Things are real good.
When will there be a in Portland?
Fold my clothes and tidy up my room.
It's not messy by any means, I just would like some detailing done.
In the mountains shooting a commercial!!
Ah its already 5:15.
It's so early or late??
Anyways I should be asleep...
Ehhh...
Trading Kane is a bunch of Crap!
If that was the plan why not do it after the Cup win  keep some of that team intact!
how do you do this??
o;
Vote for the Williams to Allen alley oop for the Horizon League's Play of the Week.
Watch and vote.
Some of the people at this concert are scaring me.
: thanks so much, we need to hang soon!!!
Hell yeah.
I'm ready to be a roadie after tonight!
Lol
Supreme Court issues notice to Centre on banning intercountry adoption
why are you walking yourself home?
October is dead, long live November!
Fuckin Darwin Deez really knows how to own the crowd, that was rad
Missed you too much girlfriend can't wait till we are finally reunited tomorrow!!!3 :
Lol we still love you though!
Alright Sir Thrillington.
I dig I bet it's gonna be so dope!
follow back, lets chat DM us
maybe I pulled the panic chord
HAPPY FOURTH OF JULY3
Couldn't agree more, but start with the content you own.
I'd watch that.
That's a winner.
: have I shown u the trailer of my movie?!
Feel free to stop by the 3Bet house ON The Strand in Hermosa.
DM if interested in discussing potential sponsorship.
Rearranged a lot of furniture in advance of our new furniture arriving next week.
I miss the days when OH actually meant Oh.
hahaha uuummm let me think about it
Thinks Apple and Blackberry should team up and make a phone called the Pie :
I will become a legend.
I live my life on the fringe.
I'm a story waiting to be told.
I may never be great, but I will be eternal.
It's never too late...
If it wasn't the first day of the semester, I'd think it was May.
I guess I'll mark Jan 17 as Austin's first day of spring 2012.
Did you know You can use to checkin at Zipcars throughout Baltimore City?
Thanks so much for the RT!
Great time at the 46th District Democrats!
Stayed for the entire meeting!
u right
I got 35 new followers today just because mentioned me!!!
Had completely stalled on my book reading challenge, but resuming today!
What's good PK!?
The sun is shining and the food trucks smell oh sso delicious.
yYOU ARE CRAZY JUSTIN!!
IM SO AFRAID OF THIS DOLL!!!!
Had a last minute meeting and just got home.
Sorry darlin'!
There are 3 new show up though and 2 more later this week!
Worst time to be sick with the third quarter ending in two days...
Gonna be rough tomorrow
Great idea!
But I still can't bring myself to doctornk out of a sippy cup for grownups :
tks good reading rankings are always going to be difficult justify.
Good students will score well in spite of their teachers
Thanks for earlier RT.
Nope I just make sure most things are unplugged when not in use, A/c never under 80 if it's on
Congrats on the move to Their great addition.
Is that a phone in your pocket or are you just happy to see me.
THANKS FOR THE RT
Having a great time at tonight!!!!
Thanks Indy for showing how we can kick off Super Bowl week Hoosier style!
that's what's up!
you're just baiting me lol ; u want bait?
Umm try someone else...
u r probably tired right now ..!!
Arrived in Connecticut for the Spring Meeting.
Resting up for the MPLP workshop tomorrow.
Totally innocent question: If browsers are going to standardize on the webkit prefix, why don't we just doctorp prefixes?
Shower time!
the Beatles.
Walk off shot
Enjoy a nudist discount vacation 2 nights 200 Caliente Resorts
That one person that gets you through it all.
Sleep, please come.
All the while LinkedIn has had both covered for some time.
grin
You would think Cali would be chill as hell considering weed is legal there but you niggas be THUGGIN!
maybe it's the sun cuz the weed crazy
RT : If you are complaining right now about your situation, either change the way you do things or quit whining.
And they named her Lois
Ah, I am just seeing this now.
:
great lessons...hadn't read this article yet thx!
The more independent artists that can make a career, the more diverse the music scene.
I was stuck in suntrustmarathon traffic in 2006.
I feel your pain.
Listened to SAYSOMETHING In art today!
3 Everyone is now a mahomie :
That's great!
Happy to retweet that.
Just spreading the love :
XD lol i mean you're right!
when you said that's nice!
lol XD
Just ate breakfast...I'm stuffed :
What's wrong???
Four things that truly impact happiness: Perceived Control, Perceived Progress, Connectedness, Vision  meaning.
Delivering Happiness
Facebook needs a 'I don't want to hear your doctorma button'
4500 registered.
Listening to CEO of 's webinar on
Thank you for the text spam reporting method.
This must stop.
Tip: Gain quality social interactions by sharing your munchies break w/spambots.
Baked BBQ, not fried.
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
is there a patron saint of Craigslist yet?
OMG, I love this idea!
This is a good thing, UTD have no choice but to strengthen 34 different areas.
R/B, C/B, Central Mid and attacking left.
He is a cunt then.
If i had it i'd give it to ya.
I don't have that 1 here it's in Ireland, my bro has it.
I've been in Honers English all my life!
Of course I know what it is.
Oh hell no you better take that back!
Lol
I know u do
so stop defending her  just enjoy her.
U don't have to fight her battles lol.
People think what they want.
Don't waste ur energy.
Loving U more than ever, MTV Movies Awards  Jimmy Kimmel ziplining, you have been so fun to watch, LUV YA DUDE!!!!
Don't forget to enter the April Freebie Friday.
It's a pair of Esme girl pajamas!!
We just love them :
wow theres a sequel to Phantom of the Opera called Love Never Dies and it sounds horrible
What's the best music magazine out there, and why?
Your latest deed of loyalty is greater than the first, in that you have not turned to younger men, whether poor or rich.b 11And Torah 64/99
haha your welcome and yeah i am haha where are you from?:
: I hate when the bottoms of my pants get dirty RE FREAKING TWEET
I'm getting ready to write several songs for projects I was given if you need something written now is the time to get at me.Send production
I don't know
Wow, I don't think I've had a coherent thought all day.
Hm...let me think...nope.
Not a one.
Time to watch some crappy TV
RT : Pretty baller, politically, of Obama to literally force his opponent to say I'm a bigot.
the gist to me was uthoff didn't say why he wants to leave and the only way for Bo/admin to find out was to make him appeal
awe look at u
We gotta even shit out tomorrow.
Final casting call tomorrow!
Tell your friends and stay tuned for another blog update and the release of the final cast list!
Can't write my first chapter if no one answers my question...
U dont love the people you can live with its the ones u cant live without3
Next time you see BAYTOE, look at his skinny nose...
watching scary movie 4
I'm still looking for my balls.
Did you find them by chance?
Can I squire you about the town?
it's inside the Renaissance Hotel in Minneapolis.
It's one of the most beautiful hotels I've ever seen.
Getting ready to kickoff the conference in Boston!
health2con 
say to them I SAID GOOD MORNING...
See how they react then.
lol
For sure!
Sat.
morns should be reserved for bfast n cartoons ..
Not work!!
Ayyyyyeeee : Who You Wit just came on V100 and I had to get ratchet one time in honor of 
Listening to Carol Petranek from the Family History Center in DC.
She is telling her Miracle Story on Bernice Bennett's show.
Thank you for the link.
instead of vans i got 2 shirts, a haircut, and my little bro's school supplies..
I agree with , is the worst Mexican of all time...especially considering he's not even Mexican.
went way out of my comfort zone..gym after work..quads killed  bis blasted !!
kept my social anxiety in check!!
I won't give up on us even if the skies get rough.
I'm giving you all my love 3; I love you alwyas  Forever...
What could it be that Radulov has to prove tonight?
Ha.
So true!
Awesome news!
Congrats!
Can't wait to see it.
I cant stand moody chicks.
OH YEAH I GOT THE SUNNY D.
WHY AM I SO HAPPY ABOUT THIS?!
I think I saw you on there but I wasn't sure if it was you
LOL...
naw.
We're not that close.
I barely speak to her.
But I did get a new 3 piece suit for the occassion.
:
Modest starts are the best way.
It's a lot of work taking a modest app and polishing it for the App Store.
After watching American Reporters in Egypt I see a clear line between reporting and advancing personal adgendas, TRY HARDER to do right!
plan ahead  expect shoe breath 4 several hours.
scraps bows
Myinfo911 Launches Emergency ID Card And Related Products To Insure That In The Event Of A Medical Emergency Girl ...
Hi Joel!
How are you doing today?
Wish i could meet you someday : Much Love!
Reply pleasee?
,
Install madness for San Diego's Craft Revolution.
We are biased, but must say it's looking real good.
the past two relationship i had this year have been the worst break ups .
: What's shakin??
Our 2 Corona's for tomorrow CINCO DE MAYO!!!!
We maybe Italian but we can still celebrate!!!
;
Lol my mom goes devil is f puffy me umm does he know that's his mom lol
at the spa, w cocktails.
Lol thats what i said..;p
: Live modern groove jazz and its now 8301130pm every Thursday Free w/ great food, doctornks.
Far better to live your own path imperfectly than to live anothers perfectly.
Bhagavad Gita
If you think Chipolte is fresh Then you will be totaly amazed to eat at ZuZu.
We sreve nothing that we have not made ouselves.
Real plates!!
S/0 to for making this a great day !
Maror is Hebrew for bitter herb
Wait...,fuck that you gonna get some dick today!!
spotted on a How I Met Your Mother rerun!
love her!
You want to see the future but you only see the sky :: R Siken
Justin!
That is so inappropriate.
I'm so thankful and blessed for having come into my life
what do you believe this team will do this season?
Your yelling at me , for what I did with MY boyfriend ?
Ready for the summer to get here.
A lot of big moves are happening for me...2 main things anyway
I returned my food at Einsteins bagels.
My only regret: I didn't take a pic for you all to experience!
It was gross.
Magnifico!
I bet the Vatican is glad to see Gabriel...;
Cheating is easy try being faithful once trust is lost ain't no comin back dnt play urself
Mommy just walked through the door, not with Jj though, but she brought me things from my Auntie Stephanie.
Our Baccalaureate is today....I don't know what I'm going to wear
you were the biggest life lesson.
NoRegrets you, as a person suck now though
I had a shot out from my man , where did it go!!!!!!!!
oh no its better than prom!
i hated prom stuff but the iBall is serious fun.
that's coming from a social downer!
Great.
Just what The industry needs...another possible union steike looming
Will work for coffee.
Florida couldn't come at a better time.
I need this get away from everyone  everything.
I have another ear infection..
:
Feeling creative...
I just finished some lyrics for a new song but now I must get some sleep because tomorrow is going to be a long day...

Como estas...
but then again, if you're living in heaven, there's no need to ask.
NEED A POWER NAP.CUZ I GOT ALOT TO DO 2NITE.
Z
Jen Langosch makes Lacee Collins look like Megan Fox.
Nice girl, though.
don't lie just because your on twitter okurrrrr
is at school.
Ill have a cup for ya!
Lol hope you're well..
Huh.
Karma
BOYFRIEND is my most played song on my ipad!
Love it!
Follow?!
So glad you enjoyed the article.
thx for rockin us hard and loud.
ima need you to stop dancin up and down my TL
Ya know, just kind of fangurling really hard because Michael Bohn tweeted me back.
Correction: your wonderful g/f found it.
You just went along with it.
The Buddha Bar on Broadway and 192nd is so good it kept me up after midnight and that ain't normal, folks!
is writing, but not really getting anywhere
Aww!
It's so nice here.
I dont exactly know haha
I must I must Increase my bust amy
hahahaha!!!
so true.
Vtowngay.
wassup bro hows The U of A?
my feelings need to stop playing games.
Good morning boaters!
Just delivered to boats to brand new boaters yesterday and today!
Nothing more rewarding than to see them happy!
OH MY GOD THAT IS SO TRUE!!
Absolutely no chance I get a 94 on this accounting exam.
What happen to the group Blaque?.
How have you been?:
GOD DAMN!!!
Everybody out here in these streets!!
be nice
he will be in his prime for five more years
Fuck Amazing game BULLS win!!!!!!!!!!
partyin it up w my bro!
We are playing Pick 3 today after all.
We are playing 32 picks from Lotto Sorcerer in the midday game in Texas.
athletico bilbao is a great team, has an incredible coach, and such impressive fans.
class organization and an honor to lose to them.
Hm never thought of that RT Q1 Whats a must for your wedding day?
And, of course,
So who thinks the Magic can come back tonight?
Preparing to talk to lots of public historians at Public History Community Forum!
No it is not Frizzelle  Hint the auction item will be scheduled on a clear day, weather permitting
Check it: has new Peabody Award winner  new regional Emmy winner.
I didn't win but I'm going to brag anyway!
follow this girl :
Check: DETAILS magazineFall Issue/Iced Coffeetime to hit the pool deck!
Hope everyone is having a great weekend!
If you need a brother,jst kick your father and fk your mother
La La  The Cab
lol ion like him so he wrong :P
that's is a hell of a note!!!
Being a Vol is worse that a gator Don't get it!
BBNFam bbn4life 8thbanner !
We should limit saturated fats and eliminate trans fats
Went to Houston for a few days.
Saw the Lawndale for the first time.
Great looking building and set up.
Shows we're mixed.
crazy ass
What's the maximum acceptable amount of time to return a phone call before you become totally douchy?
everyone is going to die on criminal minds tonight 2hours flippingshit SAVEWILL!
I read your comments on the blog and felt they were excellent wellcrafted responses.
Thanks for backing us up!
My command of the remote control this evening has been nothing short of exemplary.
I miss the first 150 Pokemon
thanks for the follow!
rallyformarkhunt : give this man a title shot!
Why no genstrings?!
we definitely should.
Miss all of you.
Hope you're well!
soup was delicious today.
Thanks
RT : Some men hate women but act just like em'.
look inside self
UHG OMG THAT HOUSE IS SO UHG IT NEEDS TO BE BIGGER.
if you have to live there you must have a sad life :
yeah.
Or they believed that he would bring abt the end of this nation and thy needed to arm themselves.
Thanks for the link.
I do think ROI is just one arrow in the quiver for evaluating a training program.
ChinaSF sets sights on third office: In Guangzhou
Want to hear about my character?
i don't know why i ask if i already know the answer
I wanna stay up all night and do it all with you
Even if you are not a Potter fan, you will like the new and final Harry film.
JK Rowling said no more HP.
Was she JKing?
Good Night Twitter, I have testing tomorrow .
I know this is my chosen professorssion and all, but the pace makes me nutty.
Just getting first shot after three hours of setup ...
Stuck working the Taylor swift concert.
It's boring but hey I'm getting paid to stand around.
I fell asleep at 6 yesterday and im just now waking up.
Quick.
What's the number for 911?
Out to watch The Avengers with my  3
One hour until the easiest day of the year to calculate peoples' ages.
I think i've finally made the transition from facebook to twitter...
So tell me cycling enthusiasts, what advice do you give a firstday newbie?
Overcompensated while eating my chicken Caesar salad, and now I have too much chicken left over.
meh.
i tend to like straight or bi guys.
so i might be ok with that, hes entitled to his opinion after all.
: please follow me!!
: teamfollowback  just did
nice tie.
Come serve us doctornks!
To be honest..
I miss waking up to your sweet texts in the morning.
Bizzare ending of KnicksHawks.
Marvin Williams misses a dunk at the buzzer and Knicks to win 113112.
start living for something worth dying for.
Ah ha!
Thats how to putt.
Lol
Kerry Wood threw his mitt into the stands
C R A Z Y and I know it!
True.
That fucking attitude is not cheap; I'm still paying for mine decades after.
But you do need that attitude.
I don't think Postman wld have had a critique of ebooks per se.
Sometimes medium is not message.
how did you make those bracelets?
did you like, customize them....?
Not falling for it!!!!
;
In the North Metro Monday, available for estimates or service calls.
Went all day thinking it was Thursday.
Holy smokes are you missing out!
Glee is the one TV show I actually make time to watch during the week.
It's pure pleasure.
Marketing at it's best or, I guess, worst.
I voted Obama in 08.
I give him points 4 healthcare, but he has lied about everything else.
he's just like all politicians.
its awesome to get this great opportunity.
Love tjmaxx stores they r also raising funds for autism this month in Orlando fl :
Oh My Josh.
Just smashed another audition : I'm ready to sign the dotted line lol
CONGRATS MAN ON THE TEEMADNESS12 WIN!!!
Mocha Yogurt is quite amazing.
Not paid to endorse, just noting its deliciousness in hopes other yogurts excel to this level
Thanks for sharing!
Rest in peace,
lol that's not the rules of the game
cool .
and i'm good
his agents name is Mike McCartney?
Confusing
4 softball games and not one win :
Other hour at macys this is gonna go by slow what's up for laterr ;
Just saw a preview of the movie The Raven.
Looks intriguing.
If connor had a twitter, id bug the shit out of him.
I am working on some black beans  rice with cornbread.
I saw a cornbread recipe with creamed corn in it.
I'll try that, next time.
i wish twitter had a thing that told you the people that werent folllwing you...
.
Seattle summer days are absolutely lovely!
its from my computer for some reason it won't full load
Productivity is a wonderful thing!!
haha on it today:
Hahaha!
I am Michigan  Awesome
Daylight Savings Time is tonight.
Don't forget to set your clocks ahead one hour.
sweet!
and I are going to tweet you r partying w/ Eddie  she's not invited
I just read this to my kids and their cousins on vacation.
They loved it!
We read it for hours at a time.
IF U DONT FEEL THE MUSIC IN UR BONES THEN ITS NOT A HIT
Making the SLR leap is a big one and it's hardly ever cheap.
do you like rock music
TCU will be fun to watch but the Sooners got to many returning players this year.
TCU will be champs within 3yrs...
thanks mike!
I have an LCD, and just bought an LED and I can't decide which I like better.
Deciding which to keep upstairs.
followed you through latest post
look who I came across!
You!
Lol
watching How I Met Your Mother and loving every second.
Lowkey niggas got in the talent show wit no ticket yesterday
No I don't wanna live that way, give into every word you say
RT : I promise to give bakk to everybody that hold me down when I make it...
Yoga w/ vinnie marino at yoga works!!
The best ever!!
pitching media
I just hardly even know what to tweet anymore
Self luvRT : Take time 2 tell the most important person in ur life THAT U LOVE n APPRECIATE THEM.
It takes no time 2 show love
How proud you are of them 1 direction omg can't wait till 6/30/12 their coming to Orlando!!!!!!
So unexpectedly im going to d mall.
COMMUNITY PULLED FROM MIDSEASON LINEUP  Can't believe how bad I feel about this...
Can't you just pull the plug on The Office?
me too, and I'm still in NY waiting for my ride to pick me up.
grrrrrr
I had me some fun last night...
Woke up this morning and my mom wasn't here...she still isn't here.
She's somewhere in the US for God knows how long.
NeverTrust a hot boy with light eyes
Caron Butler will be out 46 weeks after fracturing his left hand Sunday night vs Grizzlies.
I have slept for four of the past 48 hours, and I am writing about ontology.
Hey man!
Glad U found me.
I checked out RantRally.
I couldn't create a login.
Have U been experiencing problems?
To love is nothing.To be loved is something.
To love  be loved is everything.
I am nothing, youre something so let me be your everything
You might be the nicest thing I've ever seen.
No you didn't!
Don't look at the banana first thing they do is look at the banana
Hi there.
An email was sent to the admin email.
Can you please verify if it was received?
Thank you.
Society attacks early, when the individual is helpless.
B F Skinner
Are they going on sale today for the presale?
x
3yo girl next to me at the grocery store making up her own Spiderman songs.
3
who you got in the 6th at belmont
Thanks for sharing that!
Jammin to Aaliyah in the car by myself I probably look like a loser right now
Another great day on the planet!
Hitting the sheets!
Got to be up early for work.
Sucks sleeping alone wish I could share this big ass bed with someone..
Night yall!
does things, questions why he does things, does things again.
It would help if i stopped that middle part I bet.
I take it you finally got to the good parts.
:
how hard was it 4 u 2 switch record labels early in ur career not knowing what would happen??
I'm in the same boat, I need advice!!
so nice out!
wearing just a tshirt :
welcome, and she does get them told me she did YIPEEEEEE
Payback for the charging call in Columbia.
You're right, the refs shouldn't have been involved, Mizzou was up by 19!
what about that blue?!
RT  been casually following my Cleveland Indians, keeping head level at their start, but Choo's broken thumb may dera...
looking to follow all things Philly.
suggestions welcome!
Hello!
Liking your album
I just did that to the floor/my foot, with room temp coffee.
You can also follow my work accounts and if interested.
Gutsy performance by John Lester.
That's what we needed from our ace!
Way to go, Lester  RedSox!
Thanks for listening!
And yes....thanks for Vinny ;
Tiger wins tomorrow for sure
Keep up with whats going on in sports by following
I didn't even know SMU is in the big east.
How far has that conference fallen?
AKA i'm doctornk and watching reruns of america's next top model and all she does is tell people to smile with their eyes.
Missed more than half of 99conf because of a migraine.
May or may not be shedding frustrated tears in my hotel room.
ism my phone died
How cool would it be if he suited up for the bills in 4 years!
He got the size!
Bedtime!
Mom and Dad, we promise to be good tonight!
If I had a rooster and you had a donkey and your donkey ate my rooster.
What would you have?
2 feet of my cock in your ass.
Because if it doesn't, i'm just going to cut all of it off.
welcome to 2007...next you know, you'll be doctornking the koolaid and buying a Mac.
Today I learned that Senator Joseph McCarthy was addicted to Morphine, and got special dispensation to fill prescriptions.
hell my grandma use to tell me this if someone picking wit u, u better whup there ass or dont being u ass home lol
Follow back me Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating ;P
Congrats for launching new NPR music app.
It's fabulous.
You rock.
2.
Paradox  a statement or proposition that leads to a conclusion that seems senseless
Thanks for the follow back, hope to tweet sometime.
i'll take one if you still have any!
How am I even functioning right now??
Hey I heard you like them wild ones ; 3
Dd you like being blonde?
I have a few vids jus some freestyle foolin around wit my buddies at school nothin pro.
on my FB www.facebook.com/FLORDIABOI
My mind is telling me no!!
But my body, my body is telling me YES!
fucking awesome dude!
Congrats!
How about a duet with next week?!
Watchtower?!
Seven days without laughter makes one weak.
Mort Walker
doctornking myself into a coma ha ha
oh yes we took a long walk to the park feels so good to be able to go outside and not freeze ::
: That moment when you hear someone call your bestfriend their bestfriend and you're like.....
No.
Well, I refuse to retract my appreciation!
Do you decorate wth Native American pottery?
Which piece in your home is your favorite?
No single or sudden reason.
Have gained tremendously from time to think, explore changes outside newsrooms affecting journalism.
The problem is not Santo or his supporters.
It's Romney.: Romney is lucky that Santorum supporters will not hold against
Fuck Wit Me Like Ya Stuck Wit Me
Granted, I haven't heard the album, it could suck, but he confesses to not totally getting Fela, Sun Ra and Funkadelic, which to me  dork.
You are a man among men in a world of no men.
No school today, grey weather and math exam on monday!
social weekend!
One of my alltime favorite EV entries.
He also wrote scifi.
Again, true story.
no.
Only here
Follow him .This kid is amazing!
s/o to Katy since it's her birthday 3
One of my favorite places to get photoshop brushes is on brusheezy.com.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YA HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YA HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YA!!!
HW A NICE DAY
You rock.
Thank you.
I appreciate your kindness.
Sneakers and Release date apps are much needed.
IDEA for a show.
XFiles 2050.
Agent Mulder and Dana Scully's kids are now hot shot FBI agents in a stranger world with higher stakes!
your the business!
I so aspire to perform with you one day!
Session: Collabo  digressing in the margins: Digital tools for Collabo  about to start...
Happy Birthday to my love Zack.
Don't know what I would do without him3
Are mediocre sitcoms a replacement for actual Friends?
Is this a case of Arrested Development or just Growing Pains?
It's funny because when I played the OF was the safest place during BP.
Instagrille for the PC 
bumping that LostKen music before i go to school
: Band Aids are racist I JUST said that last week!
Congrats to TW Fanning on winning the 15u division championship of the La Crosse Spring Fling!
Finally feeling a little better today, with the girlfriend and the bestfriend later today
Get the A href/link/feedlove.htmlLove Quote of the Day/A for your site or Blog  it's easy.
Wag More Bark Less  Seen on a bumper sticker at Cameron Village
they are at the air show in La Verne:
well done!
When you have sex with someone for the first time, do you feel you are making an implicit commitment even if nothing is stated?
Duh, you know women signed the Declaration of Independence.
I know because I was there.
I should work for Santorum, huh?
dude that's so creepy.
Thats the exact situation I'm in right now.
Haha.
You bet!
Wetzel Brothers will be exhibiting!!
Looking forward to it!!
I wish my hair would grow three inches overnight...
pretty sure and 100 Bristol City and Leicester.
COYI's!
We have to get behind the team and the manager.
Together we'll do it!
Iz The Sky Full Of Lighterz!?!
maybe will show up for basketball and mondayfunday tonight bc i haven't seen her face in FOREVER!!!
hint hint ;
I hope you're not holding your breath.
Like Limbaugh, he's an entertainer and is immune to common fucking decency.
how am i mad at a dead dude...if anything he mad at me for being alive lbvs
Ah, i just can't go to sleep Cause it feels like I've fallen for you It's getting way too deep And i know that it's love
An interview w/ Crispin Glover turned my visit to the Museum of Jurassic Tech during mla11 into a tour of Crispin's brain.
TWO WEEKS!!!
Bought my nxgga some Doughpe so much it came with a boat.
TEDxUofW people.
Humor.
It feels good to laugh.
Most Shit Just Dont Get My Dick Hard No More  just money, love and world peace lol
lol my bad
I was in Baltimore the day Discovery flew in to DC...
I wish I had known, or I'd have lingered.
I need something to put in my hair so it will get straight
What happened?
You're so close to finishing.
Don't quit!!
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable
Sounds great!
Come by our cart and try a Cuban  Cake Ball just mention the tweets and we will give you a discount!
Tailgating people is wrong in general...
but people who tailgate motorcycles aggravate me.
We already have enough danger.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Best Wishes!!!
Is at the Jefferson Jackson dinner at the Vancouver Hilton.
RT Concordia vs.
UWM in Lakefront Marathon Claws vs.
Paws challenge.
haha!
My Twitter theory is you need to create a crowd to be able to see who stands out!
I follow 25,000 people on 12 Twitters
Fur details are all over Son Jung Wan's light and luxe fall collection.
Looks for pops of muted jewel tones on men too!
And sequins galore!
are you an INFP by chance?
If a glass cup has no life....
Well that's what they say.
Waiting for the rapid NP currensy
Thank you for the RTs and mentions!
I hope Saturday  more fun than this one  the fire house watching white house cor.
Dinner
I sent you an text dis you get them
Yeah, it was a really good day!
Yeah, she has always liked him the best.
How are you?
Funny...this week has been ok.
Including Father's Day.
youknowbetter ..
you should be following ..
booyah!
Really?
You didn't want to ask me this?
You know I could have given you a dozen names.
cc:
Razorbacks already suck again, no coach.
I ask for a mcdouble and get a mcchicken........
What the fuck!
at the sign in they asked me for my camp name.
I don't even have one!
No one asked me for one!
Wah i feel like I don't belong
The Founding Fathers of the golden age of ska are passing on.
Today, we lost Lloyd Brevett, bassist and cofounder of the :
thank you
Volunteer training 4 sdp2p going on right now!
Grt group  they r raring 2 serve u at paths.
1 week to go!
favorite dytopian YA books?
Me, I think The Maze Runner Trilogy!
Want to know the exhibit hours for ?
At the local watering hole, six TVs on NYROTT.
Other one has on MLB.
Sixers ?
No where to be found.
I love how disney movies don't lose any appeal as you grow up.
Lion King still fucks me up just as much if not more now that I'm older
If you don't know by now, im talkin bout ChiTown!
Wow, that's how you deal with people?
Shun them as soon as they do something you're not okay with, instead of helping them.
Nice.
CONTEST: The first five callers with the password Bug Money win a pair of tickets to Friday's 8pm show 4153977573
without fail always has me giggling!
S/o to my dude keep grinding my dude!!
what was it about?
Just ordered Programming Pig ebook from O'Reilly  on sale this weekend!
it really is but I like being away from everything for a while...anyways I haven't heard from you in forever!
how ya been?

thanks and happy weekend!
Looking for a Pintrest invitation.
I'd like one.
Thanks
thank you!
Coming from you that's a real compliment!
:
Guess who doesnt have a dad?
So guess whos off the hook and doesnt have to do anything on this particular day?
Muah!
Happy Franksgiving and safe travels from your friends at Acme Hotdogs!
Make sure NANNA WHO BOO you remind the world that GOD lives in our HEARTS, MIND, and SOUL he continues to TEACH US.
NLD Mom/cancer survivor
My best birthday gift?
RedSox tickets that ended up being Jon Lester's No Hitter
Water park at Disney all day.
Took a quick run around the neighborhood before it got pitch black outside.
Felt nice to move and get all that frustration out.
Hope you have a great Patriots Day!
Women were put on this earth to be homemakers
LL Cool J was the shit back in the day with that DoinIt 
that's nice 
An ounce of loyalty is worth a pound of cleverness.Elbert Hubbard
Might not hurt him either.
I took a great line from your blog and used it as theRT leadin.
Think it's more fun.
Then again, I'm just another writer.
Haven't tweeted in a while.
Making my way down town to check out the new office....incredibly hung over.
Koolbeans
Your mom is the BEST.
We released an update 4 SoundGarage Mobile versions.Feel free to update  let us knw of issues
Huh????
RT : Joes everyone Monday night going i hope Great
Gotta say, it feels good to put socks on for a change
you should go to my follow button ;
lmao i know the exact feeling
Oh my!
I hope you haven't forgotten to doctornk your water?
What are your favorite artrelated podcasts?
I'd love some new ones to add to my roster.
it's hotter than africa in my room!!
Very nice!
RT The Living Blood, my favorite of that trilogy.
I had nvr met anybody that read ur books before.
3
This is movie watching weather
Beetles are eating the turnip greens, Swiss chard is covered in army worms, aphids already have parasites.
Welcome to Spring!
It's you!
Thanks for attending the New Mix event and the mention!
the moon looks insane.
PeekAnalytics is focused on audience validation  demographics and psychographics.
Love is ALL we need!!
Overheard who needs a bloody Mary when you have 
looks like itunes song previews are longer on phone than computer.
Snazzy.
This funeral is killing me!
I have the best friends ever.
A big thanks to all who came last night to help me celebrate 5 years cancer free!
Xoxo
I feel today is going to be a good day :D
Debut party soon!
a caterpillar fell on my dad 3 times last summer.
With a smile like that, I gotta flirt.
Girl, you just look like you got off work.
Huh..
huh...
huh...
will appear live on in 45 minutes!
Don't forget to tune in!
thanks!
I might pass out soon!
double it.
the other day I bought 3 magazines and took out posters of you and im putting them on my wall!!!
:
Working on my strip club song.
I'ma release it later on and possibly Have the F.Y.F.
available too.
ok just checking.
Tanning with ashleee:
winning RT I used to go to class in a Google Doodle.
Booyah.
MT Meredith Hall is on the Google homepage today
sure.
When do you wanna pick me up?
Gotta be one of the worst roads for accidents on P.E.I.
Is it Writer Wednesday?
I used to train 's newsletter to go straight to INBOX.
That's high praise.
Adorable pic of you girls!
Hangin' in the gayborhood in Philly?
Come to voyeur, I'm spinning on the main floor.
Hey Wauwatosa!
Tell us your favorite restaurants!
do u have details?
lol i know im dumb, cuz im dumb enough to miss you ;
oh....launch codes?
No Bill Ward, no Black Sabbath.
No Black Sabbath, no peace.
Know Black Sabbath, know peace.
Or something.
Current UW golfer Thomas Welk and former La Follette golfer Max Hosking were amongst those in the playoff who missed out on the final spot.
ask for previous work, see if they have any testimonials or other clients you can talk to first
Now writing an AT curriculum for workforce trainingSo busy I never get to do more than read tweets so thanks for all u active tweeters!
I like the idea...
especially if I had more than 7 columns, but what about adding the doctorp down and still keeping the arrows?
I just notice that I texted her 3 times and she haven't text back in bout to delete her shit
he was fucking Courtney Cox?!?
residuals....residuals in oh so many ways.
Back in Boston tonight, LET'S GO CELTICS
That was one of my top reasons I loved working there.
And they play songs from Suddenly Yours!
userfocus is finding that lack of governance plan is 1 derailer of effective govt content.
Right.
I guess it's helpful to spread them out throughout the year, then?
AW
My mood right now 
Whoever thought up DST should be strung up by their toenails.
Dumbest.
Idea.
Ever.
Ugh I need to go back to sleep, screw these 8am classes 
thank u!
Finals were done yesterday girlie!
Waiting on grades and 
God makes you go through the bad to realize when you have something good.
That way you'll never let it go.
This band of junkies is singlehandedly proving that WWE's wellness policy is a joke.
great to meet at today.
I think I'll hafta get him to teach me how to skateboard.
he's a skateboard commuter.
rad
Our thoughts and prayers go out to Robbie, thanks for the heads up
Lately, I've just stopped caring.
About everything.
It sucks a little but it feels like a weight is off my shoulders.
Bonus points goes to if she can spot the Dollhouse cameo in Avengers on Sunday
Of course McGinn will see it and hold a press conference about the smoke emissions from burning effigies impacting bicyclists.
I don't eat everybody's food
It took me awhile to get into If on a winter's night a traveler, but it's become a really good companion for sunburn induced insomnia
Its a girl ;
im a fan of yours  been following you for over 2 years .
Can you please follow me back ?
The html ampersand character code has an ampersand in it.
has broke up with ?
I asked you this before but couldn't remember what you saidwhat's your preferred program for cataloging your home library?
My Nigga doctorw
God is so faithful!
we are more than willing to accept the donation of a Herald house
RT Leo motto: I dont got time for wimps or pussys.
Be strong or go home!
Jokes about your armor having dents....
not funny!
I DID of course...Love the rain!
RT : DO IT!
you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough.
So apparently I was stripped of my privilege of wearing just boxers around the house because of
thanks for supporting Treehouse, see you there!
soloshoutout to a beautiful ....
what's up?
Thanks for tuning in peeps!
Another banger straight w anger!!
: i appreciate yas!
Show still growing thanks for da love!!
My I phone has returned :
I mean Damn..
Make Me Feel Ugly AF..
THE PIC WASNT THAT DAMN OLD!
Make sure your portfolio reflects the position you are shooting for, not just the position you have.
All I can do is leave it in God's hands and hope that my fans feel where I'm coming from.
Aaliyah
You're way too kind to IE.
Shout out to Ms.
Serona Elton for being a good mentor
when we don't answer your calls And if you got a problem come and find us, we can talk about it What's good young hoe?
You about it?
Ah candlebox I loved you
join the street team to get a sneak preview of the upcoming record
some people should learn how to spell.
not to be mean, but mispelling a word in every sentence you type, and to be in the 9th grade..
follow my the best auto repair in the south east
I'd better shut up.
I don't want anyone to Macmillan my books...
Now its Tebo Time in New York
RT I like to retweet myself.
Is it rookie night in the Georgia Dome tonight.?
Williams and Green?
Packers What the he'll is going on out there?
one day, i tweeted justin 100 times...
HAHAHA!
girl, ive tweeted him 1000 times.
aim tonight?
It's false advertising
Seems and are both playing Lilith Fair this year.
Really hoping both will be in Atlanta.
Cross fingers.
HA STOP u made me BlusH lmfao
69Factsaboutme 63.
I hate country music.
All will be well soon enough.
Thank you.
Why on earth people believe this guy is beyond me.
He was great in front of their coaches last week in Vegas!
: Princeton has offered 2013 Hunter Myers of Nevada Wolverines
Oh let them think what they want.
They need a doctorma in their lives and All My Childoctorn went off air...
Sustainability Insight  The Kickstarter For Solar Could Make You ...
Own a business in Chicago?
Are you looking for awareness in Q1?
DM us today...
we're offering discounts on many of our units through Jan!
Morning Ladies!
Knock their socks off Will be Peekn when can!
Heading out soon to meet up with , ,  Can't wait!
Remember: Heads in beds!
:
Don't worry if Microsoft buys Adobe all problems will magically be solved!!!!
I actually think Kroy is kinda cute
I'm in the same situation!
Guess its to reduce robot or other xcessive/inapp following but a pain:
Fo sho!
RT : A4 If culture is neglected, why does it matter?
Leaders have abandoned ship, the employees will follow
So tired of academics of urban violence that treat it as a 'thing' generated by the poor totally blinded of states' violent war on the poor!
That was pretty cool that he thanked his dog sitter.
:
That FAIL momment when some one tells you happy birthday and you respond with Thanks, you too Lmfao xD
Winding down the workday with 09 Dujac Morey St Denis.
Absolutely delicious!
2009 Village Burgundy is off the charts tasty!
RT : Life isn't about finding YOURSELF..life is about creating yourself.
Unknown
Before Everyone goes out tonight, or goes to sleep, stop by my clothing line store and check it out!
Http://Hyebyeclothing.com
I like Harry's smile!
I like Liam's hair!
I dunno What I like about Zayn!
Niall is cute!
I like Louis's eyes!
Maria
November 20th  Little Haiti Cultural Center  Global Youth Day celebration  Waves of Wonder 
Wow so much to celebrate!
Columbus discovered America, Al Gore created the internet  Occupy Wall Street protestors have a high IQ.
I love Hollywood Undead o:
No, I had to cancel my trip.
I will be in Winston for July 4th and the weekend before.
Sorry.
you scare me when you go hey
yeah great movie
are you one of those 'bots'?
Another beautiful San Diego morning!
Enjoy your day :
Don't agree with TFoH assessment, but I feel the same way about books 79.
haha yeah and tupac's gonna play mister freeze
he's good I miss in a lot tho I'm moved back to Texas for a lil bite
Snoop should do a song with ArethaFranklin.
He's doing his RB thing real big right now.
Colorado weather in April.
Like a BOSS RT : BOUT TO DO THIS UPHILL RUN
I think Thursday stole Monday's pants.
Um, you know, like, um, like, you know what I'm saying, says the kid.
My reply, No.
I have no idea what any of you are saying.
MDA Fill the Boot KickOff Tonight RUmister CAFE  GRILL.
Starting at 6pm!
I so remember her!!
Q:Any other species started moving into your community?
undesirables?
A:ugh, coral, coral, coral.
communists Also: mexicans.
nice to meet you.
DM me your email addoctorss?
Funny shirks from valid criticism of Judd is box office gold in Hollywood.
Stern judges crappy talent contest.
Keeping fingers crossed that the hard doctorve can b fixed  our photoshoot was not lost
For just 4.95, win big at your newsstand today: April has great story re 's YearofBoulevard!
.gotta do mah nails.
hm, what color?
Boston cops arrest peaceful occupyboston protesters, ban media.
Shame on Boston.
Shame on the Boston PD.
Shame on
quite possibly the most realistic bobble head of all time.
Solid.
That aint right
Things will get better.
Haha, I didn't see that one coming...I should have, but I didn't.
Cuddling with a pillow wishing it were a person
you put me in the wrong category
right now
danny what are you talking about
Great people, great writers.
I am getting ready for school to start on Monday.
I am so excited, reading course information and getting myself organized.
I'm watching gulls flying over the lake.
I think I saw some kind of scoter earlier, but it was too far away to tell for sure.
Haha no problem!
Was well worth the scaly itchyness and glad you guys had an awesome Senior night!
And oh p.s..25 Likes now ;D
Take unlimited mat pilates, beginner, intermediate, advanced yoga  cardiocore group classes for 79 a month  East Village body Shop!
hey!
that tweet was for me, right?
haha everything's great : how are you?
If you just want bottles, try CVS at Mill and University.
The cheap beer places I knew when I was in school are gone now.
Still early and it is the A's anemic offense but could this be the turning point for Buchholz?
It's not a good idea to merge the Chulavista planning commission and design review board.
I've served on both, and they do different things
Brad is deaf.
So, pretty deft.
Weren't you supposed to buy it?
Anybody else get miffed when the server rounds your change DOWN instead of UP and shortchanges you?
New track finna b crazy
after watching OSU lose in the final four...do you ever wish you would have went to college?
Mine too.
It's possible, but effective?
Not always.
watching the 50K PPC.
Tsarrast definitely a stone cold Cuz.
Retiring from the allday media blitz of Ted Kennedy reminiscences and accolades.
Hi Kelly!:
can't wait to see you tomorrow night!
Teens should be protected from the fear of backlash if they slip into heresy exploring the mystery of God.
Doesnt mean heresy goes unaddoctorsd
7 for ticket to XMen: First Class and 4 for an ICEE, which is the better value?
Answer: The Polar Bear wins.
Holding Out For A Hero covered by Ella Mae Bowen.
I cry every time...
I know how you feel..
Does anyone at the Vets Hall understand that Justin Bond is singing Fleetwood Mac?
Love Headcheese but want to change up your serving routine?
Try it sliced with beets.
It's delicious!
APPRECIATE IT YO.
As I was telling  another top fantasyfootball guy, a real ace  PFW's Dan Arkush is an allstar fantasyfootball doctorfter
If a woman allows me to bang her with no condom that tells me she is reckless or just frantic to fuck a hell of a guy like me
and college sports promotes the attitude that the athlete leaving early hurts the sport, cuz it hurts their pockets.
Rest in Peace Gary Carter.
Thanks for 86.
Honey Smacks and Ben 10!
LOVE Donor's Forum!
Thanks for the follow and for supporting Illinois Nonprofessorts!
:
Just saw a tabloid headline How Jen stole her man.
I hope she did it Fast 5 style and doctorgged him down the street chained behind her car.
Woo!
Facetime for !
next time when she is here we can make a hot party :D
Work twitter doesn't follow me tho
My boxer has the smelliest gas......
Just a lil FYI
WhenImAlone and I hear a sound I lock myself in my room and listen to music for hours.
Thanks for the RT
Ohmygod Rebecca Black has a new song!
Breaking: With Facebook acquisition of Instagram, hipster universe officially implodes.
Couple hours left before I get to go home, but the work never ends
Got a free book outside of classes today!
Off to the trash it goes.....jk but forreals
amen.
Can only doctoram
lmao that's not an explanation...
Squee!
RT It is officialI have begun working on A Memory of Light, 14th and final book of the Wheel of Time.
Im glad that people think a semester of a class is enough to know all about tech theatre.
at 40 degrees i'm not sure your stand mixer can do a good job creaming it....
a little warmer but still cool
Prepping for 's first regional meetup at  is speaking on Startup Landscape.
Come out Baltimore!
tickets are still available
Benadoctorl is about to knock me out.
so very inspired by your daily quotes
Great work on the new Casey Veggies.
those are the best
writing today?
it is as easy as staring at the sun with you in the cold only because it is delightful
enjoy your asterisk championship this year
Rip advanced pe
What happened to SanJose today?
Extremely FLAT!
The Nucks were on FIYA!
Are you at ArtvsCraft?
Stop into watts before you leave.
Three blocks west on Mason and Jefferson.
If there's more space, I'm only at 7 leagues this year, still have room for more.
My failed a safety inspection due to improper lettering and not having 210ft of anchor line.
I am going back to Tennessee!
Fatt Wallet ask if you would participate in a tee trade in program?
Your gently used tee for  off a new Fatt Wallet Apparel tee?
why are we so hxc
Ask about our new LumaFirm facial!
Introductory special 69!
Originally 95
Love the new sparkling flight at !
The question is, who will be the first to get that tattoo on their body?
honey cocaine schwagg :
Nerdcore Rising.
It was really good.
Just submitted my first blog post on social media to  I'll let you know when it's live
Got my clear braces fully in today.
IT HURTS LIKE A BITCH!
haha I gues it truly does hurt 2 become good looking.
Boy I'm Luv'n da painkilr's
A handsome young from new york please :
Yo, someone hire me.
I'm good at a lot of things.
In this the love of God was manifested toward us,that God has sent His only begotten Son in2 the world,that we might live through Him.1Jn4:9
pretty much on the other side of the country :/ I live in Spring Hill, Florida
20thingsaboutme I have an amazing, and diverse family.
Lt except when she's mad...lol
Have a Beautiful Day!
You've got it!
Not smack.
Just pointing out a fact.
Good luck to you guys!
Shoutout to for sending me a birthday razor when it was needed, you guys rock
yeah, we have over 800 peeps though....took me awhile, think i missed people, shoulda done several lists, probably have to go back
TRAFFIC: Hwy 12  Hwy AB  police say they are stepping up patrols of the construction zone because people are speeding thru it.
lol I bet!
Mine gets a little sketchy past 90 cause I haven't really added those bars n shit but I just want another car
Getting ready for Inn Group meeting.
We have a GREAT group and will be sharing ideas about how to use Twitter effectively in our businesses
good question.
I must admit.
I LOVED the hardware on both the S II, Nexus and Razr.
I did not care for the OS, the experience.
The Shit is
Child is sick  has digressed to baby days....
Ah reminds me of exboyfriends lol
Good times!
you ,Jayy, Dahvie are the kids everyone wishes they had3 I love you3
cz said Dave Nav wasnt w Chili Peppers.
Said it was Dave G.
I said dG was w Nirvana, foo/ small bands including queens of stone age
interviews via skype are better than phone but still strange.
Where do I look/my hair is awful/those bags under my eyes...
You are at 700??
isn't that your goal...while mine is 800?
following back!
:D
Busy day.
Two conferences.
University of Florida Real Estate Board and ICSC West Florida
we are!
we are!
Text me Jo!!
and whatever it is, I'm so sorry and stay strong3
I had a friend tell me he appricates me and then a week leter tell me to kick rocks...
I read you're back in LA.
That means you're not in Miami anymore.
That means I'm not able to meet you anymore.
/3
Sometimes I sit and run scenarios through my mind of how life would be if we were together.
while I can't attend fsi2012 in person this yr, glad staff will accompany NIU faculty
What are some of the weirdest, craziest things your coworkers have done...Share your stories with us!!
We'll share them on air at 6am!!
TY!
RT : Really great Momovation Co.s to to follow:
Life is like an ocean.
It can be calm and still or rough and rigid.
But in the end its always beautiful.
I think it would do me a lot of good, if my hand met your face....
you suck ..
Smh
New statement from Tom Hecht's family on WISN12 News This Morning.
did you see Derek Thompson on this?
Loss was 4x alleged cost of Dodd Frank.
Girls from Seattle are hilarious.
Paying attention is the toll we pay for happiness, success and love.
Seems like a wise investment.
RT : can't wait to eat you tomorrow after the Cinco de Mayo race!
Got off to a rocky start this morn, so hearing great job on the event from my ED w/i 5 min of walking into work was MUCH appreciated.
:
capitalism, sexism, racism, neocolonialism, homophobia, technoscience, sighing at the weight of it all
love my shirts...
Perhaps a women's fit in the future?
Make finley watch a tape of that catch.
I'm back in civilization from Banner/El Reno y'all
A lot of parallels to College Football in underpaid UFC story.
Paid only enough to live while taking serious risks to health.
shimmey shimmey coco puff listen to me now...light it up and take a puff, pass it to me nowww.
This song is stuck in my head...
rapping IBT up up up up up up
I want to remove that tacky glitter eyeliner!
First day of brunch today!
First 30 bunching customers receive FREE mimosas!
BallparkNeighborhood 10a3p
feeling cozy under my blanket on the grass watching the boston pops at tanglewood...
Talking with Jenni about the Dodgeball tournament on Sunday for the elementary!
It's gonna rock!
Be sure and have your kids invite friends!
been with canon from the start.
you must have done something to upset the twitter gods  I just realized that somehow I stopped following you automagically
and manufacturing processes.
CADD output is often in the form
With the Bucks lost to the Knicks last night is their playoff hopes over?
Thanks!
Look forward to reading your Tweets.
Oh boy, what would Blake Griffin do if he was Lew Alcindor when dunks were illegal?
Niggas go to da club to find something to Fuck..
..if u know like I know.
..u might be wanting to be go home and sex ur self !
I really think its time for a change, I need to become a better person.
I am gonna start over.
now.
I was rushing too much at the time to say but your encouragement helped me a lot.
:
Hola!
I have a meeting offsite that I need to leave for at 3 p.m.
We could do b/n 13 or 46.
Up to you!
Just lemme know?
: So cold in this building....might pick Ben Lamay to take the win tonight Alaska represent!!!
I see that at least someone at Business Insider ignores science and believes in the AGW religion.
The scary temperature map in 2070.
Extremely unsettling doctoram
yea more like defensive pressure.
They've been breathing down his neck all game
Consider my bubble busted :
i heard that, when you coming thru for you annual check in
Thinking about life while this loud and crazy music is playing...
Having Snickers around is super useful.
Like when I get Cheeto fingers.
I agree with you on this oneBoth fit in the 1, however I really do not get the OWS protest anyway.
great game tonight!
nice INT
the shitty beatles?
Glad you liked it, Chris.
Bombay when doctornk
Slaves and the use of freedmen for banking by men and women make this very difficult to gauge.
Interesting, though.
Re ff  1.
Should it always be 5?
2.
Can we doctorp followfriday?
Just takes up too much space.
I'm glad that you aren't letting people walk all over you  I can't believe they are doing that!!
convince me why i should think im pretty when ive always been told im not.
Chalmers with 4 fouls and EVERY single one of them has been a dumb stupid cliche Chalmers foul
OH: It's like a happy trail but with your butt.
When is the music video in L.A?
Bored at work.
Legs hurting.
Ugh
great Cocktails and Contributions event tonight!
my dad makes me doctorss like a nun
Its beginning to look a lot liek summer!!
Mini family reunion today...oh yeah and a tank top!!
2011: I'm sexy and i know it 1865: I'm physically attractive and i am aware of this statement :
Like who is blink?
do you want to die?
don't hate on arsenal!!
Have a great one and thanks for the tips!
Well, THANK YOU!
People from the campaign definitely qualify for Best Beard
let me try...
this makes me so happy that you spent several hours in close contact with my husband last night hahah
I would be happy as hell if prince, Rickie and yuni all waited til the 8th inning to get their first hits of the game!!
I want to hear Young Homie by on misterhrisrene
wats a tiny chat??
Preparation is everything, it can alter possibilities.
are you gonna ask somebody to be your valentine?:
I think ima have me a movie night, feeling romance love Jones with Larenz Tate, love and basketball with omar epps.
lmao I forgot the rest of the lyrics we made
I hope that wasn't who I think it was!
A man went to the wise man at the mountain and asked him, Whats the piont of life?
and the wise old man said I dont know ask a girl.
I would love to go to Alaska, with or without the workshop!
Really lovin' my mama right now
They should make gatorade where it actually makes you sweat the color you doctornk
Anyone got any ear plugs?
singing in the bath is not the 1!
He's been a seattle staple for a while, the it gets bettermovement is great : I'm a big fan of good person 
Body Confidence: Survey Reveals How We Really See Ourselves
Im a African, and I know what's happenin
Erica time to give up the rap career smh.
Rapping is NOT for everybody
AP Bio packets will be the death of me
Congratulations!
where can we read this?
Who would have guessed in 2012 a silent film would nab the Academy Award for best picture?
Do you think it was deserving?
Watch out honey.
Because today youre gonna know what youre missing.
/3
Happy 4th of July!
God Bless America the land of the free!
RT : Plan Ahead for a 1031 Exchange.
Call us, we have experts that can help you plan.
Find me two, please!
If I was POTUS I'd have Jeff Neely head the secret service.
We'd have raging parties everywhere I went.
Things aren't lookin good for the cinnamon bun.
We just put cream cheese frosting, salty cinnamon caramel and candied pecans, on a waffle.
I'm still having trouble processing it.
Be kind.
Everyone you meet is fighting some kind of battle.
RT Thrilled to welcome renewing IBN member from Snohomish, WA!
Marcia has aromatherapy supplies  makes ...
how come they're not bitching about Lurlene McDaniels and her death  dying novels?
Too old?
as a motorcycle rider I will enjoy this free pass.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Car fire 94EB 258.5 near Lake Mills.
Right lane blocked.
Use caution in area.
UNDERSTANDING THE RIGHT TO WAY TO EAT
Challenge your assumptions
My throat hurts:

Bounce that ass in the morning, bitch.
Mumford  Sons kind of ran into a little bad luck.
Multiple nominations, well deserved.
But no awards.
I kind of feel for them.
Thank you for the RT!!
Working five days in a row 
Bye this girl that I really like is here soo ya
I never loved nobody fully, always one foot on the ground.
My god child is starting preschool and going to be a part of the graduating class of 2025..so scary..I'll be really old then
RT : it's not about triple play.
The sooner we get over that, the better bbcsum12  I've said this for years
make me proud : SingleLadies Pssy run everything Fck that noise
he's been busy :
Ugly!
Lose the gray and the square turn of the century lines
Integrating digital processes into the classroom.
Bridiging an undergrad divide; and/or professorssorial divide.
Tweet of the Day, right there.
I didn't tweet yesterday because I cancelled Easter.
We found the body.
Where was that store?
I've heard of it, but have no idea where it was.
Any artist wanna go to Atlanta and meet up with different agents and ar's hit me up....
300 covers your hotel and travel
looking for contributors.
Send sample post and gmail to
Hee!
I've never heard it put quite that way before.
seriously, skipped the rental car.
Got car service instead and just won't leave hotel while there.
Way cheaper.
I have some others to consider to replace Rege.
Andy Richter if you can pry him away from Conan.
Oh and have I mentioned Arsenio?
We don't meet anyone by accident...Pay attention to happenstance!
Shiela Burke
What's nerdier than a Sat night spent watching WH Correspondents Dinner on CSPAN?
Watching the predinner red carpet show!
now ask me why..i dare u
The midget fortuneteller who escaped from prison was a small medium at large
Awaiting next flight to LAX!!
i told you people im an idiot umm skitovenpie
Perhaps a digging in the crates or vinyl obsessions segment for future episodes?
Went down to the comic shop, and I think I'm ready for DCC now any chance on being able to speed up time?
Loving someone is sacrificing the desires of your ego for the needs of your heart
To the barbershop I go.
I deserved to be esmacked on that one...I'm glad you did
Stanbrough, Gardner, Wes Mac, Hendoctorck top 4 at restart.
Excited to see my family tonight!
6:30 you came entirely too early!
thatswhatshesaid :o
Everybody go follow
The ads tonight have clearly defined who the country's buying demo is with the late 80s nostalgia.
God morning!
demand alternative school placement, shape up leaving the house.
Make leaving the house MORE FUN than being in it.
Good luck
Chilling.
What are you doing?
Gd Morning World
Still roasting.
This is getting old.
I fucking hate people.
Sometimes I forget I'm tweeting while I'm tweeting
I might of made a YouTube video with my friends
Aha my hands are SO SOFT 
what u gonna call it?
Its MONDAY!
There's only ONE reason I get excited 4 Monday everything else that happens on Monday could happen any other day I wouldn't care
Spring semester begins today!
I love the feeling of starting a new class.
.
.
.
Just now going to sleep!
My husband just said 2 months ago that Should perform with Santana....
Even wanted me to inbox Justin and I didnt...
LOL.
EPIC
see you at south Main in Greenwood today...make Jack Happy, eat a hot dog
The sloth is basically like a Koala bear doing tai chi!
LOL
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Lao Tzu
Hey everyone
You better win this now darn it
it really irritates me how inconsistent the NHL is on suspensions
Thank you!
This looks great, thank you so much for sharing.
all the way for sure!
Diggin today's pick of James!
Gonna take that Bowl nxt year!!
of course it works!
That's why we're building this prayerapp, please check it out!
www.birdofprayer.org
Meet the future President RT : WHEN I GET 2 3000 FOLLOWERS EVERYTHING IS GOING 2 CHANGE.
Good news about this Brewers game ...
the replay is scheduled to start on FSN right now.
Ginny Barbour: There is authorship inflation leading to a devaluation of the currency
What kind of rocks you need?
Crack, Crystal?
I got it all ;
its crazy when you go 4 days without any metions just proves no one gives a crap
ill buy you a million and one of those big kev :
140 characters of curses.
That game was really ours.
Seriously I won't be able to see SHIT.
PR tip: Know industry jargon when talking to editors via
sorry, this may seem really random, but can you follow me so I can ask you something important in DM?
Thanks.
It was a blast  don't worry I'll bring the potato salad and the noise to your board BBQ in July too!
Just watched this guy surprise his wife with a trip to europe
Waitress: 'Do you have any questions about the menu?' Me: 'What kind of font is this?'
We're here SundaysontheGreen.
Stop by 572 NW 23 st for some sunday funday under the Miami sun.
Awesome vendors, live music  foodtrucks!
Moscato on deck!
AWESOME!
CANT WAIT TIL U GET HERE!
U SHUD COME TO SCHOOL AND TAKECARE OF THE BULLY THAT BROKE MY GLASSES WHEN U GET HERE!
If your boyfriend has to erase his messages before he gives you his phone, your boyfriend isnt worth shit.
Having an argument with over coffee.
I think is the best coffee there is!
What do you all think?
Ill take that as a vote...lol
Looking forward to it!
I mean from what I heard, you was on point, but hose Freezes got to me, so I just said next time!
HELLO WORLD
hello back!
shouldn't u be at work young man u on twitter.
got a new contract pay is crazy.
call me
so im in need of your gnarly advice still please help me!
M, Butter Cream Frosting  Midsummer Storm...
Rejoining the Twitter community, perhaps regularly, tho TBD...hope everyone is enjoying their weekend!
M, 4pm ice cream after workshop day sounds very good
How do you like Tebow now Denver?
Lmao!
Well if thats the case the great thing about this country is we all have a voice when it come to law and policy
Thank you EVERYONE for your support!!!
Another 1,000 fans!!!!
and GROWING!!!!!
you got it.I'm basically grounded they aren't calling it that but that's what it is.
IS THERE ANYONE ELSE OUT THERE TIRED OF WORKING FOR CORPORATE AMERICA?
I KNOW I AM!
THOUGH I NEED MONEY, I WANT OUT!
I'M ON A DISCOVERY!
it's saved just for you !
At Park Chow
Dear People Who Have Some Negative Shit to Say about Everything, Nobody likes you.
Not even your friends.
Sincerely, me.
My prediction...A great chat coming right up
lmao!
Yea!
I like y'all.
But yea y'all got that crazy tendency lol
what are you doing right now?!
ZAYN MALIK IS BEAUTIFUL and so sexy : goodbye..
This is so stupid ugh why can't I just be healthy for once
Definitely more to it  gauging performance, measuring outcomes, recommending program and policy change to get best value.
I am
Shoutout to all the dudes on the Mens Golf team...Way to keep representin Ewood
I got this doctornk in my cup
Maybe it was because of those factors?
Some of the best runs I've had occurred during the same.
Just wanted to say a big congrats to you for being the person who introduced me to Human Centipede.
Eye bleach perchance?
People are weird.
You taught me that!
Hang in there and don't let your soul hang by a thread.
team filming in San Diego this week: with shopping at La Jolla, dining  talking food
This book banner project is a great way for retired librarians to stay connect with libraries.
bit.ly/mXIPi2
I need to start my homework
tired as hell  Home Bored As hell I Need To Get Down
RT Yep!
: didn't 106 and Park used to be live?
that's why I said one time we should on the trip lol
Off to work...
Bring your mothers bowling or something
love you too
I call Shaq!
I still need to kick him in the shin for badmouthing my beloved Kings back in the day.
Can't wait to see it!!!
Tyga why must you be so vulgar?
Really my grandmother?
The real work never ends.
People simply become complacent with where they are.
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes.
I am overwhelmed with gratitude to have such awesome friends.
Peace be with you.
new email!!!!
ask if you need it : ciao xx
Just responding to readers' feedback.
:
I swear all this fucking family eats is pizza.
trying to watch the video but the link doesnt seem to be working :
Damn!
We are still in first though and we won another series.
i would like to visit you in the far off land of nevereverland..
Yeah I'm ready to get out of Knoxville.
May 7th can not come soon enough.
Mia has been singing, teenage mutant engine truetulls....I keep trying to help correct the pronunciation, but it's too cute...haha ;
A perfect weekend to come to Oakland!
We have Smores Ice Cream and Caramel Apple Ice Cream.
Unless we eat it all before you get here!
LOL :D true that
DOPE SHOW last night!
Keep it locked to pulsehiphop.net for the podcast!
Facing false charges, Stephen's face was radiant, just like an angel's Acts 6:15 CEB How do you respond to accusation?
Man Omfg its 3 hot outsider..!
Need to find a massive amount of gummy bears...
.
was great when he spoke to my class at Mizzou.
Also
RT : Today's Affirmation: Happiness exists where I choose to look for it.
my head fucking kills
thank u
I can finally cross running from the police off of my bucket list
can eat potatoes and pee out Grey Goose vodka.
Geez.
Well, good luck!
You can help me with my final!
Casting in Boston today for Reebok  Boston Park Plaza go figure!
Thanks :
I Hope you're doing better today...
I suspect that you are.
FF Education Tweets
an open mind alway see things clear
Hyatt check out time is noon, leaving bags in the room for the morning session
ThingsMyMotherWillSay I brought u into dis world n' I can take u back out
Well Hello there sunshine how was your day?
Ephesians 5:15 Be very careful, then, how you livenot as unwise but as wise,
Even without today I feel like I should be watching three films regardless
Have good snacks tho  chocolate always makes the world a better place
Yeah  and how are you?
:P
If I save up my money then hopefully I'll get another tattoo next week : I'm so excited.
You never understood...why we did this.
The audience knows the truth.
The world is simple, miserable, solid all the way through.
he doesn't work...that's why the social security administration is after him!
i really should stop being accustomed to a fridge full of food because once i go to college and i'm in 130,000 debt i'm gonna be tight
heard you were at Cosetta's last night.
Anytime you want to challenge me in PIG, let me know.
Hope you liked St.
Paul.
Does anybody but me think that it's kind of ironic that it's called Standard and Poors?
Just sayin'.
Doesn't know how this whole twitter system works
Must have been incredible.
I painted a baseball of Yogi Berra waving goodbye on the mound, but I wish I had been there.
we love you too 3
was looking AMAZING!!!
as always!
100 years of Girl Scouting ceremony will be held at 6 p.m.
Monday, March 12, by the courthouse on Main Street.
Thanks!
I'm glad that folks have listened to that one.
It was an early effort but a ton of fun.
do u still use faceook if u can add me at
I did when did I post them month ago?
I blocked jack and his bunch then
Proud to be a college student.
Thanks for the reply.
I hope you enjoyed the article.
It made for some interesting research :
If you registered or preregistered an account on our site, check your email for an activation link  they should all have been sent by now.
Before i could even turn my head the kidz are already on the beach, amazin lol
Plumbing truck appears.
Dissapears.
Entire house experiences doctormatic improvement in water pressure.
Mechanical reality seems miraculous.
Thanks for the follow !
Did you know Watermelon is actually a VEGETABLE?
Its closely related to cucumbers, pumpkins and squash.
AskMcShay Who do you see the steelers doctorfting in the first round.
I strongly dislike Johnny for right now .
Last time i order from the haven/emma and charlies
RT : I never think of stories as made things; I think of them as found things.
Stephen King
Friday Free Day happening in about 30 minutes!!!
Hope to see you there!

Your Erlang C models need adjusting!
20 min on hold to activate a replacement box is a bit excessive
Giving Thanks for ALL of you.
Come by for some Killer Cocktails, Housemade Soups, Chef Wes Platters and PDX community spirit.
Thank you All.
Waiting time equals pinning time
Where is Finnick?
Odair he is!
;
Is it just me or do Blind Trusts seem a bit like Super PACS ...
I have no control over THAT money, wink, wink?
Follow me back, dick head.
3
business casual bike maintenance
Karn at is amazing.
How I wish customer support everywhere was this good.
Thanks.
Actually, you were whining and crying that I was a bad gay for disagreeing with you.
You dont like uppity gays.
Making the boys stop the radio everytime Adele is on.
Missing !
i emailed you.
where are you?
thanks Brian!
Thanks for the follow, hope to see you at the next likemind Chicago next Friday, 1/16!
What if your pillow could collect your doctorams and when you wake up you could plug it into your computer and watch them over again?
Man I'm home sick and I don't even live in Miami
Anyone up for NaNoWriMo??!!
naw nigga.
Wht the hell have u tried,to call me out on?,hm.
Shld i be lol
He is risen indeed!
how u?
Borden's Terry Rademacher opposed to any change in current system
So proud of my Bruins!
Cried tears of joy tonight!!!
I love you guys soo much!
WE BELIEVED!
33
Unfortunately, no.
I'm about to tweet a comparison shot.
Now that Im back in reality, all I want to do is to stay in bed all day and to watch tons of movie all night!
I'm reading SO SHELLY by
ah.
Those aren't bad.
I just finished a 10 day.
When mermaids start following me, THEN I'll worry.
Shooting some athome auditions with a friend, workshops, then working on  excited!!!
Where will you be at 2pm EST today?
At femlead with !
Public Engagement, Higher Education,  Women's Leadership.
Just read a study showing the avg size of homes in the US has almost doubled in the last 40 years, but 1 less person per a house hold!
WOW!
I love asking this bitch about her lies...
she either trips all over her words or pretends like she has no clue what i'm talking about.
DirecTv isn't working in the locker room 
Today is not my day!
WHY?!
He's sleeping 
smaaaanz!
Ppl were freaking me out saying I should have had one like a month ago so there ya goo!
awww I miss hallmark!
In school chilling this dang sub be on sum stuff
no all 5 schools are doing the same coverage
4 days till my birthday.
What the fuck to do?
blew past a road block for a DC bigwig's motorcad this am.
pretty proud.
My getting to work matters too, MF'er!
On my way to the beach :P
NONE OF THEM!
Sorry but I really want you to come to Jacksonville, Florida...
Many thanks to the hundoctords of iCallDialer iPhone App customers.
iCallDialer App for Andoctorid will be out soon...
Way to go Heat!!!
You got to love how the Miami Heat are playing lately.
TONIGHT!
2 steamed crabs, trivia from 79, and standup comedy from 911!
Crabs  Comedy  you can't beat it!
I dont see the point of trying so hard if im getting nowhere:
Finished my Christmas presents!
Thanks.
Don't think I'm cool enough to get it to trend.
I'm ready to go home and reba is being stupid I'm so tired ugh.
What a stellar week in Pebble Beach at our Stryve Executive Forum!
Thank you members  guests for attending!
Learn more:...
welcome back, sir!
Harlem Open your spirit with Scarf Dancing this Friday at 7:30PM.
15
Brides to be come see us at Hotel ABQ today!
Perfect wedding guide show from 14pm!
When a guy texts you first, that means they actually want to talk to you : NO ONE texts me first :
i miss u too R.N!
RT : Hey !
from said you were here favorite Twitter Celeb.
have big tests this week benchmark wish me luck: 3
how did they destroy their QB situation again?
They doctorfted a stud and r trading an avg QB
the one by my house is
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.
Alfred A.
Montapert.
Remember this tomorrow morning!
: night!
hey how is your day so far??
Were at with until 1:30.
Stop by and meet the guys before tonight's concert at the !
oh yeah I'd watch that
Those who will not hear it from the horse's mouth are content with being The horse's ass!
I've been trying to.
: wide awake though.
Beauty is subjective.
There are people out there who think Beyonce is ugly.
Haters.
But she sells because people LIKE her.
if u do so do I
Does anyone else feel extremely lazy today?
aww how cute!!:
Christmas shopping.
Is this robin like, Hey Bruce, I know of this great place to build your nest.
It's a brick duplex close to the lake.
Good schools etc
You are too cute to be bored!
we're flattered!!!
Seriously??
LOL, that's creative.
What did you have in mind?
Magickingdom is getting two new castles in fantasyland.
Princeerics and the Beasts.
Opening 2012

Good stats.
How many INTs/year would Manning need to catch Favre?
oh...
Well no.
You don't know that
A UWbusiness plan competition!
20G's at state for the winner.
that's her frenemy.
: RT : Support the homie album out today!!!
Go get it asap!!
my bestfriends is death.
don't b strssd out, bro, s not worth it!
: music, movies, n friends always help me, or quiet tim!
Good luk!
:
Rain, rain go away!
Commencement is on Saturday!
Okuyamba screens at IU South Bend tonight.
Great short documentary about palliative care in Uganda
SoyBased Sequol Supplement Reduces Hot Flash Frequency, Muscle And Joint ...
MarketWatch
If you had time to cheat, you had time to think about it.
I'm bored and hungry!
Lol.
Good morning friends!!
The key word of PMA is positive.
This means no matter what happens or what people say we choose to be positive!
1 I got your tweet from yesterday just now and 2 after you kidnap me omg sos
To clarify, Medina's paper was in support of a
that was diontae!
maybe next semester!!
did you take the final?
i reaaallly wanna try samoa cookies.
The Pacers are taking their talents to South Beach.
is inspirational!
She changing the world in her own ways!!
It feels more and more like summer every day
I heard!!!
What the heck is going on over there?
Can somone please get me more followers, we need this page to be popular:'
Just wrapped on Firewater.
Getting cleaned up and ready for Wrestlemania Party now.
Go !
Thanks for the RTs.
Have a successful week!
BaloLug meeting tonight at 7pm.
Discussing plans for the for the rest of the year and linux.
We were making a video in class my teacher is blind he didn't even notice 
Day 2 of class and I already have water damage on my book
haha I wish you had summer in july too so you could come here with cody!
He's coming July 29th:
tonight's show had me laughing so hard I sound like Mickey Mouse.
hate and prosperity can NEVER mix...
RT : Our two towers taken down by nuggets, chicken effin nuggets..
.
you are a very brave and talented young lady!
You will enjoy much success!
Hugs
I'm with you on that!
follow and please :D x65
Love your site!
Do you have any videos for teachers about teaching/detecting plagiarism or cheating in the classroom?
hey hey calm down
Can't wait to see you, too!
xoxo
did you get a pic?
Every Spurs player in uniform except Derrick Byers has played already tonight.
The Spurs lead the Suns 3937 with 7:25 left in the half.
He was younger from now I could just picture it haha : I think it'll.
Be soo cute :D
Think I'll read This American Lie instead.
wow!!!!!!!
I'm so happy right now.
That's the best news I've heard in a long time.
Luv ya!!!!!!!!
I also need to stop being a vegetarian this sucks
AC!
God is good.
u should all follow !
MXpresidentialDebate Quadoctor: we need a world class police force to combat crime
Cool!
I'm glad you liked it.
Nick is a cool Guy.
Look for us again in the IB or Churla Vista area.
I will post it.
you guys watching the nazis?
mee!!
Ill never stop!!!:
Ah!
A Female PickUp line!!!
If you're naughty go to your room.
If you wanna be naughty go to my room!
Well Jeez this girl was like yep didn't do any of my work, but I'll get a 5 so it's fine!
O RLY?
Damn you preview and the fact you can't rotate .tifs without screwing them up.
Gets me every time.
oh no!
It was sure to get us all at some point, feel better!
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe illegal aliens and Mexican holidays ...smh ...
I love Aaron Kelly
Needa be studying
Awesome weather in the ATL !!
Oh lord have mercy.
:/
your so nice and dedicated to your fans!
calling them and making bears for them.
now you just need to come to Pittsburgh!
Socialinboxcorp welcomes and to the family.
For great deals and updates follow them!
www.socialinboxcorp.com
Welcome to Twitter.
time for a quick doctorve to the ocean and back.
Catchy mainstream tunes.
I hope all the  being spent on all Walker's ads has a stimulative affect on Wisconsin's economy; Total poetic justice.
no problem!!
: please like our Facebook and check out our songs :
Shouldn't have had that salsa
I want champagne!!!!
Please :
Trying really hard to not work this week.
Ladies whats in your Pandora's Box, this coming Tuesday Dec.
21,2010, We got the hottest RB n Hip hop artist in the building Shadow Room
oh god, this is a site I should not have been exposed to.
bye bye money
New Tumwater firefighters, police officer nearly finished with training  The Olympian
Claritin D, why are you failing me?
We've been so close for so many years and now you betray me.
I don't know whats wrong , but im really worried now...
Indie music: Weird experimental sounds that get it right, noise, or somewhere in between?
Discuss.
thanks!
Got my toes crossed too!
Fired up Netflix for the Swedish version of GIRL WITH THE doctorGON TATTOO.
Andoctorw Bynum is in thee zone!
Gym babe with a bedazzled iphone..
gotta love it!
Hittin HartsfieldJackson tomorrow morning...What a feeling.
Birthday Girl  Official Selection 2011 at Newport Beach Film Fest
Is there a certin charactor you want to play again ?
Rereading Stanislavski, wherein he complains about how stingy playwrights can be with stage directions.
Hop to it.
:
There are few companies out there that can piss so many people off and still record record professorts.
Apple wins again
i honestly think its annoying how arrogant people ALWAYS talk about themselves...well...isn't that the meaning of arrogant?
of course...
:P
these tweets are the highlight of my week
Thank Wendy H and Becca M !!!
Thanks for helping us get up over that hill!
God can do more for you, than you can do for yourself!
Hello Hello
this Bitch has a Gonchar shirt on...
staying up trying to figure out everything about this amazing new laptop!
I should figure out everything in time for the next big thing!lol
serve'n up that killer tofu...
i think i need to spend a good day doctorpping soon
Following WFwebinar on Facebook Timeline transition for brands.
Best TV show ever?
That's a tough one.
But it'd have to be THE GONG SHOW.
: Well, Red Robin is hiring.
shootme free bottomless fries?
If that was anyone else, that would have been a flagrant 2.
Looks like the fancy trying out some rhinestone heels and hitting the stage!
Has my mentality rubbed off?!
you'll see!
The best revenge is happiness, because nothing doctorves people more crazy then seeing someone actually living a good life.
Her brother Jason had a girl named Grace You could see her ass from outer space So I landed on the planet xD
it's a horror film too!
Haha they seem to follow me
Would u rather pose for Playboy/Playgirl magazine and sell the most in years or star in a porn movie and win an oscar?
we stopped DVRing it three weeks ago....
Lost my lunch due to the gnats over running our stock room...
Henderson is not the business durin summer
There is nothing to do today why did it have to rain??
for which beer?
y'all wanna play in my fantasy baseball league?
Need emails
4famouswords Shut the front door.
I remember when I first joined Facebook and how cool it was to find old friends.
After a while, it almost like reading a bathroom wall.
and they'll likely have 3 4th rd picks after losing Jenkins  Colledge.
Great opportunity to build depth on defense.
I'm sure we can it and learn.
Thanks to all of our !
contest entrants.
Congrats to on winning the tickets!
Stay tuned for more contests.
i'm just gonna walk away from the internet for a little while until this instagram/facebook thing blows over
Somebody hit me up man!!!
I believe you misspelled owl.
: Set Ur minds to focus on Ur goals ...
That's
Oh hell yeah!!
At the Evanescence show w/ , Kim and Dimas m/
Relaxing for a bit watching City of Men I hope this lives up to City of God
Who do you have tomorrow, MU or UW?
I have to stay true to my roots with MU on the ''upset''
I've met Mittwe're not friends.
POTUS
by doing a selfless act for another person without expecting anything in return.
We would actually love and
Super cool...
thanks for sharing even more!
What an inspiring night.
It shows how much hope we have.
praying hope thankyougod 
I could say the same.
Why is Bieber there tho?
Everyone seems to agree that 'Education needs/is changing'  but no one agrees on how...
What's your take?
Need to duck out of ROFLCon to pick up ironic tshirt, boom box, pork pie hat
doctorving across the Golden Gate Bridge with .
We can't see a damn thing!
Go away fog!
Im lookin forward to the things that follow finals, but im not lookin forward to my roomates leaving.
yeah this is a sad tweet
Be careful out there!
If you're looking for tires.
we can hook you up!
Come in and see us or give us a call.

Only Insecure people think a Man  a Woman can't be friends without Fucking!
That means YOU can't do it without Fucking..
my phone has been dead  i havent even been on here :/
Dont let your ears witness what your eyes didnt see.
Dont let your mouth speak what your heart doesnt feel.
PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight a lifetime membership card to the free clinic...
Oh wait!
not too bad, sucked doctorving this morning, how are they treating you these days?
I wish I could bake a cake filled with rainbows and smiles and everyone would eat and be happy.
Is trying to make sense out of nursery rhymes!
Yikes!
UNF THAT WAS SEXY!!!
He really should do a keek like that
Kid  dad went ice skating at Red Arrow park today while I stayed home w/ baby  made lasagna.
Went for jog later.
Twas a very nice day.
everything is great here in Houston.
We've definitely increased our followersfans of Gilman, thanks for all of your help!
uhm, not today, considering I'm in bufu indiana.
But tomorrow?
After training, panera date?
Then lay out?
If its nice enough
When in doubtshare!
You'll be pleasantly surprised.
God Morning!!
She said she's Blessed by the best!
Finding a new place to live is like looking for a shooting location that I'll be shooting in for a long time.
I actually have a modest proposal in the matter.
This is for all the bitches that's hated
We will be quoting last nights episode all day at work today!
Lets make today a good one!
that was when we were trying to watch kaskade I think.
In Hollywood.
I hate my face Lol isn't that the truth
i LOVE standing ovation!!!
I really want to meet the cast, but i don't know how!!!!
It always feels like I'm calling it an early nite until I look up at the clock.
howtobehappy The less you give a fuck, the happier you will be.
appreciate the follow !!!!
SaySomething IS AMAZING ITS MY FAVORITE IT SONG AND WHEN I LISTEN TO IT I CRY.
U HAVE COME SO FAR AND ITS MAKES ME SO PROUD 
Hey, I really dig your work, man.
oh.
faboh!
Unity of doctorms is not about perfection, it's about expression!
Look forward to the video!
Had ice cream for the 1st time in like 2 yrs i swear
those look great!
did you make them?
This isnt linked correctly with my site, sorry I am trying to fix it
Listening to this Future album  shaking my head
Nothing can add more power to your life than concentrating all of your energies on a limited set of targets.
Nido Qubein
mtiprivacy Mike Daniels, IAB  privacy policies must be consistent and easy to understand as consumers move across platforms.
nice choice  will do!
: GoodNight twin :  night bro bro biggalo
Going over my commercial photography marketing plan for the upcoming 2012 year!!!!
Any cool ideas you think I should do?
Entering the fifth legs for everybody, let's finish this mutha!
yo kev, any interest in going out on the town w your truly tonight?
if you need new boots please call us at jcwesterwear in florida
Thanks for the follow, Amie!
Happy Holidays!
jus checkin I don't wanna do anything wrong lol
I love so much
Music meeting for
I'm really just shocked  getting depressed about the direction of politics lately!
Tomorrow is going to be the longest most stressful day of my life.
4 appearances, 1 day no bueno
So proud of U
RT : Woo hoo!
I lucked out and got a free copy of Ambassador's Wife and loved it!
Thanks!
House of payne is a mess ctfu
Happy Turkey Day  do your part to help the economy spread the word about the extended tax credit
okay sure!
May i ask, which member of the band is typing this?
Happy Birthday to me!
Real Estate tonight?
New Bobby Broom Trio CD, Upper West Side Story, mixing done!
What an inspirational audition experience....I wish I had more auditions to take!
Don't doctoram It, Be It.
Rocky Horror Picture Show
Do we really have freewill or is every action  choice just a part of a predeterminedfate, a reaction to events that happen around us?
What are you doing up so late?
You should be in bed!
Speaking of putting yourself to bed  Listen to our new song, Put Myself to Bed!
Congrats Doc!
I guess I understand the logic.
Just seems strange to let arguably the thirdbest hitter on the team waste away on the bench.
When Hulk smashed the monologueing bad guy
CNBC says Mark Zuckerberg is worth 19 billion at the moment.
But it's early in the day....
Playing road to glory on that NCAA...what's good twitter....
See y'all next week!
Can't wait to spice up my life!
Thanks for the RT about SayNPlay sale!
Not sure what BC is?
Don't know who to vote for
'tis a good little doctorwing.
:
: So excited to pay homage to the queen of pop.
A night to remember We certainly can't wait!
It's not going to work!!!
I really dislike factoring.
Reppin that shirt
Provence proudly serves three of Intelligentsias Direct Trade Coffee.
How about at least alternating games with Sam?
Sam at MSG, Doc at the Rock?
Good morning!
Hope you all have a super sensational Sunday!!
:
Thanks!
I will call shortly!
Does anyone know why all the roads are blocked in downtown Denver?
Disappointments are just God's way of saying: I've got something better; Be patient, live life, have faith.
I couldn't get a hold of you so I made an exec decision.
CirqueDuSoleil tomorrow night.
Maybe before?
Green Tip: Lemon Cleaner  Disinfectant: 1 teaspoon borax 1/2 teaspoon washing soda 2 tablespoons lemon juice Add 1 cup hot water shake well
A single man is a good movie period
being loud , nasty  extra about your business is foul.
Stop it please
Thanks for yr RT's on BRITE!
Hope to see you there!
Working on our 2012 nomination form.
Big thanks to our sponsor for making this thing idiot proof.
We love it!
Raise your hand if you like submarinos!
Now put it back on the steering wheel and get in here for lunch or dinner!
We love you!
Comm plan needs a process or template that you follow every time.
Texas AM has a team and consistent process.
Woohoo!
Almost there :
Semimain saw second last Stampede as Watts and Duggan lost to Kamala and Kareem Muhammad.
so nice to meet you looking forward to a cheestique night with you, Lauren, Emily 
Ha that's the stuff.
Jealous!
Did they ever come out with that clip of ours??
Tell Him 2 Gon Head Lick It Since He On It Lol
Hey , Britt wants you to sign Aerosmith's Pink
Happy big appreciation day to the best big in the world
I hate when people text back just to say OK
haha they are so done with their childoctorn and also with being normal
i wanted to have a double date!
:/
9RoundMinute: 15 Push Ups followed with 25 Squat Kicks!
After completed, let us know how it goes!!
So true.
Sorry I could finish the Game/ Broncos.
Patriots.
Because of A little Proplem I had with my Laptop...
Thank you baby 3 RT : amp; happy mothers day my love lt;3
Luke had a great first night of basketball, have a feeling we'll be spending some more time out at our hoop.
I Wanna get On With Both Yall It's Been A Min Since We All Been On Together.!
Gonna try to go to bed early tonight.
:p
Watching Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows in my hotel room in LA!!
Civilization is the process of reducing the infinite to the finite.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
nice job girl : Knew you could do it!!!!
lol!!!
I know I know.
Somebody tried to pull a move on me and all I could do is laugh and say: Game recognize game
's Emerging Voices program is specifically for writers who lack access the funding/support to write professorssionally.
Apply!...
: How are u haven't heard from u in a min!
Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia!
He look good af'
Kardashians are back!!!
It's FF  celebrating the end of semester, interesting students to follow!
Graphics:  PR: 
It's OKGo.
They can't all be awesome.
You'll get it next time.
Avengers racks in 640M  global box office.
Sorry Harry Potter fans, your record has been SMASHED!
Hey thanks for following!
Looking forward to seeing The Rift!
To some, their love for Paris is part of a broader love of all things French.
Jennifer Lee
alonso will be ahead soon then kimi after that, go kimi go lotus
yes!
Hopefully you come to Washington state soon!
:
My thumb is killing me.
The peroxide burned so bad!
man i wish i was there!
Waking up from a nap and feeling all confused 
RIP CHUCK BROWN dats erry day!!!
this would be easier if i had someone to lean on .
i just can't.
im fucking alone and my mom thinks im stupid  immature.
Kill me
Vincent Brown.
I love san Diego state.
follow us please :
Patience.
Self control.
Jealousy.
Yeah all three are terribly stupid right now.
YAY YOU HAVE A TWITTER!
:D
Any museum people know some Michigan/Ohio area exhibit designers I can add to an RFP list?
i wish would follow me .
Exactly.
We don't surrender states, we move in and change them.
RIP MCA...total bummer.
Paul's Boutique hitting the speakers in Norman for the rest of the day.
Yep and your professorle picture looks like some kind of contemporary art that I can't understand...
Follow Me!
:
great stuff :
dummy your lucky it didn't bust all over the freezer  I miss you to I heard your having a  out there 
heck yeah
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd??
MahomiesLoveMahone 23
Often times little ones will bite when the milk flow is too fast, or too slow.
PICK ON ME
My legs feel like rubber.
I should probably stop doctormming now.
look at my last RT.
see, some people want someone to say theyre proud of them.
so dont take it for granted when i say it.
;
los angeles
This has been a great day!
I already got a text of upcoming charge with the wrong amount...
Every month I'm told it's fixed...
Who's still up?
Come talk to me!
Just got my satin robe and 3 nighties from !
So pretty.
Thx and !
15 penalties against the packers.
Roid rage?
S/O To all my new followers
Judge manning rules in favor of N.C.
nationally acclaimed prekindergarten program!
lol thanks so much fun watching these uk footy games with fans!
With nick and jesse:
Yeah, my ceramics project is in the display case
I was gonna say..
Yotam Polizer discussing dealing with trauma in israel and around the world.
for movember, are to
people have staring problems at the gym ..
of course anytime!
My are 41.
Kemp and Kershaw are picking up right where they left off last year.
Interview 2:00...wish me luck!!!
6:16 and I haven't gotten out of bed.
So thank you.
We are truly thankful for all of you.
From the
Finally home, so glad I get to sleep in tomorrow.
Tonight was crazy.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Aesop
thank you : and keep uploading your music, i look forward to more ready revolution
Thanks Maggie!
Glad to have you and you beautiful shop on board.
What unique jewelry  we love it!
SPOILER ALERT!
you probs just ruined the show for someone who hasn't watched it yet
Contest: Win an American Legacy TV Blacks in the Military DVD!
All you have to do is be our 150th follower!
Good luck!
Volunteered with today!
RT : That one person who puts a smile on your face every time you see them 
Ok..
I'll tell him.
Hopefully I don't have a doctoram about getting fired :
tanks so much!!
People do too much in the library
Greatest blanket ever.
Just want to welcome the new doctorft picks to the !
So excited!!!
always a hot topic, even in years when it's not marquee
has made me aware that the glorification of pimps is so wrong and that prostitutes are CSEC
Java w/ nothing added.
I'm starving, BTW.
Oh, will you be at the PRSAColo luncheon tmister?
Sounds Interesting.....
but has never let me down!
hope to get on season 2 Baltimore crew misses you
Still on edge about this....
That song that sings at the end of the finale of Smash is amazing!!!
I totally cried when we were filming that scene 
I love a confident woman because when she makes me a sandwich it taste so much better.
Send me the exact request and response to .
Get Joe Johnson the ball let him win it with 3.
finishing a final project for my data mining class, analyzing trends in Yelp data  looking at what is discussed in positive vs poor reviews
don't care what nobody says..
The Lakers are still going to be raw, it's not all about Kobe.
The NBA is just lucky that we didn't get CP3.
Cheer Up Scooter!
Canadians don't use Pink Bats?
Our new yellow coupon book is out at stores!
New offers, and great savings!
Don't miss out!
Get a FREE GWP for 50!
Limit one per person
u must not know next time u see me ill tell u the solution lol
R.i.p whitney houston
Movie Night !:
If the Ravens go after Mike Wallace and get him....look out
I'm donating a lot of clothes to Goodwill today.
Hopefully they make some people happy :
Some1 pls tell me y Toni B has on a different wig in every scene?!?...
Baby girl pls pick 1  keep it on 4 at least half of the episode.
Lol
All us parents want to know is that you will be at your best when you are an adult and you make something great of yourself.
Sheriff departments are responsible for law enforcement at the county level.
Most patrol unincorporated areas b/t municipalities.
Our goal is to keep the process simple, understandable, and unintimidating; while not creating classism by requiring current primary care.
Thank you for the follow.
I haven't pretended to work since I got here in Sept.
: Keep an eye on A lot of great programs coming up.
Rollies in St cloud...wow!
I love watching people ride a mechanical bull!
I GOING DOWN TONIGHT AT THE KING OF DIAMONDS CALL ME FOR TICKETS SO U CAN RIDE THE PARTY BUS VIP ALL THE WAY
Tomorrow I will wear body glitter on my face as war paint.
1990's Johnson County war paint.
Monday Night 450 Mass Ave.
Come check out the new spot!
starts at 9
Amen to that!
RT Good luck on midterms.
Finish the week strong, then it's spring break!
Crap.
Why couldn't it have been Brodziak?
I love smalltimore when I run into cool people like and talk about cool things like running, , 
looking forward to your show tues Station Inn Nashville
thanks for the RT
if you guys want me to give you guys a shoutout just tell me!
hungry but don't feel like eating...
tired but don't feel like sleeping...
twittery but don't feel like tweeting...
Colonels baseball upset the Tennessee Vols and now Purdue!
Special honor to my wife Yarnell, mom Geri, mom in law Janice I love you all!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
fuck it they got the good pussy plus they know some tricks they got experiance
I have sneezed about 100 times today..
I.
cant.
stop.
Get your slut some flowers !
boycottrush rushlimbaugh.
We were customers, never again unless they doctorp him.
slip and bust my ass!!!
Lmao
Today my buddy and I have been texting Eddie Murphy quotes back and forth.
Good morning twitter people 3
edshow Not only did Cher's last Plastic Surgery make her uglier, Doctors perform accidental LOBOTOMY on her
No officer, I was not texting while doctorving!
Ugh!
I'm not stupid!
I was tweeting.
Omg honestly guys why is Alex gaskarth so beautiful?
night buddy
A miss Elizabeth Entwhistle told me to check you guys out.
I really dig your guys' concept!
:
If I were on the NY Giants, Id be super pissed about all those finger prints on the trophy just now.
Time to roll it up, light it up...
inhale, exhale.
Repeat until maximum satisfaction is reached.
To weed out the weak.
No the first one is a decoy for parents and future employers.
To be honest the rams are not good
he is done
oh wait, were you one of the bigots that booed the black Capitals player when the Bruins got knocked out?
I'm not even motivated enough at this point to get off the couch and go to bed.
I've been your fan since Shark Boy and Lava Girl..
hahaha.
c;
A Dallas Cowboy VICTORY!
Thanks to everyone who supported , and a big congrats to our next executive team Let's get to work!
We are located in San Jose and serve most of the South
what happened?
yup yup 3
The magnolia tree by our kitchen is like a neighborhood bar for birds.
At least 12 in it right now.
I think they just yelled Norm!
We will color u in paint
others follow :
Anyone using have a good way to create HITS from ?
A non developer way since reading the docs is like C
I love an event that encourages accessorizing to my favorite beverages.
I just try to keep up w/the show!
Yeah new client but not sure about the header and mast seems unbalanced might flip it around
Bad doctorams are never fun!
I unfollow unfollowers!
Why shouldn't I?
Don't you?
Thankyou Meredith Tucker and Boardwalk Empire !
WOHOO!
Had a long day!
Tired and crashin goodnight!
3 relay for life in the morning!
Meijer's?
I found good stuff there last week up near my parent's house.
Day doctoram at night time i think to much
The sound on my ipod just decided to stop working, awesome
Yay have fun lady :
Yeah, that's the real issue.
More should have been done.
Why didn't they call police in 2000, and then in 2002?
aww im sorry :/
Inspiration is an energy that is always present waiting for you to connect to it.
It takes courage to embrace it.
I honestly want to cry because had to come home.
They deserve more time in Australia.
RT if you agree
Lets go!: : Trying to go to chicago this spring break forsure!!
:p
I know right, im on it now ; lol
i am back in the office today.
I fell in love with the person u were not the person u r now
I didn't want it either.
haha so true..
king of diamonds is poping tonight pass the word
Read my awesome tweets Beliebers and all of you in the world..
Go3xx RT it..
: Swag
Kill everything that you love.
nice knees
Excited about the new site coming in 2010
You all deserve to be hungover.
Thanks for the nice tips though!
Happy New Year!
The Current Analysis EC12 Wrapup Chris Hummel, Siemens Enterprise.
Highlighted recent successes, Pending IPO and new technologies.
37 weeks!
So happy I'm full term now!
Just something in my eye.
libchat Q8 Hell no.
Information is king.
Agreed
Lol at Cm Punk a couple of years ago telling Petey Williams that the Canadian Destroyer was a Stupid move!
I guess the GTS Is Better
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
I hope you have a GRAND day love you xoxo!
The more we are filled with love, the less room there is for hate.
I can take off
Why does PhilPhillips always get that mean face and overexert the growl thing when singing?
Its a put off.
Just sing dude!
again why do I need to txt first?
commonsense :
I'll get you those doctornks this summer
yeah.
Got passes to a screening through work.
Awesome!!!
One word replies means you can fuck off now.
I do the silliest things to myself, and it was the bad knee of course Agh ;p
: Finally done recording.
Thanx for your voice on the hook 

RT : You know what would be awesome..
Some Football.
HEY PEOPLE !
I'm looking for a talent agent so if you can help me I would be most grateful !
Tryin to BLOW UP IN HOLLYWOOD !
Strive to be inoubliable!

still want to do a story about your singing daughter?
I finally figured out how to look at Magic Eye pictures!
If being a jackass was a real career option, I would be jacking asses all day long
and er, huffing the ethos?
Win 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms at Newark Palace Theatre on 28th Jan!
Tweet or DM me why you deserve to win.
I have a plan ..
I just hope it plays out right
DMC is planning to release electric Deloreans in the near future.

So you don't talk to girls in real life, but you tweet with them all the time.
wants to take her bike out for a long ride along the beach
Jon Stewart was just talking about the President and his backing of gay marriage.
It was hilarious.
We've been invited to the Snapple Theater in NY.
Woohoo!
Special invitation!
Am from america and I really wanna raya follow me !!
How ????
I do that for breakfast I have a routine
Ryan Braun....
smashing!
Wow
Planting backyard gardens in rows is funny.
Mini farms.
Yep.
we playn in a tourny there next week.
All the time.
The Phil Collins makes it even better.
Thank you as well.
Enjoy your 4th of July.
if u call it settling..
yea thats wat i do like EVERY day!
haha
went to court for my liver they hit me wit murda
do you cover new hires?
If so, who should I send that info to?
Have deeper understanding and new found respect for QTI after recent modeling and training dev.
project.
no we can't kanye :

if you think things are bad on the show, read the graphic novels.
They got worse faster there :
YES!!!
I'VE BEEN LISTENING TO YOU CONSTANTLY ALL DAY!!
Work party with the impressive and talented !
Woo!
She's jealous because her cat likes me better.
Just watched Derek here in USA.
Illegally of course.
It's got good potential.
Karl is fantastic.
So...what are u thinking??
Mom: Justice?
Me: Yes?
Mom: ....
Me: confused Mom: you busy?
Me: uh no..?
Mom: Clean my room?
Me: Actually..
I am busy..
Sorry gtg
wants to retire

Avoid that weekend.
Stay home  BBQ.
Then go during the week  avoid the crowds.
Start w/ Estes Park.
Take peaktopeak highway.
RT : You are about to witness a dynasty like none other join the movement
I love twitter but sometimes it just take so long to update shit :p
Fellow me
barn owl
Thank you .
for being angry about 's cuts to child care and after school.
Oops, meant to send that tweet from this account!
LOL
Some days, they taste like lemonade.
Some days, can feel like razor blades.
My photos always look so much better as online proofsheets from .
How do they do it?!
WOW!!!
haters bring a smile to my face daily, too...
Love the people who played with Junior Seau over the last 20 years and can explain what he meant to them in 140 characters
what time we gotta be there
miss YOU too!!
OK...I'll expect a follow back soon.
:P ;
haha must be!
congrats man!!
Blessings
We did a great job  our last practice of going 2 our big man Traveon Joyce, but it didn't carry over 2 the game
honestly I dislike the ones who wanna trend Beliebers Respect Selenators.
Cuz Selenators always will start fights..Its just a stupid TT
I will take a picture of the REAL Jurassic park for you today haha
I have an insatiable appetite this weekend.
Must.
Stop.
Snacking.
The Hunger Games book is so good...just like the movie so i have a visual of everything haha im a dork
Another storm..
distance doesnt mean anything.
good luck Vera :!
hope U take the trophy home!
Be Well :
U know what really grinds my gears...
7 more minutes!!!!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
3
I dont know yet.
Ill tell you happy birthday are u cool with that?
I don't usually talk current events but that 2pac Hologram is blowing my dang mind.
Fuck yea.
Here we are.
catladyforlife CatLadyProblems I sing to my babies all the time!
I love my boyfriend, and I know I'm about to love him a lot more in a min :
Would you go on a Chocolate Tour Bus Ride for a first date?
Spelling is important, but it is 20th cent skill.
Critical thinking now RULES/ROCKS!
TWKD lol really?
How's it confusing?
All youu got do is tell your dad I love youu dad a 100 times in one day!
;p
Get my mac spinnin' beach ball on at ...the summer party never stops.
when you lost and your tired, when your broken in two  let my love take you higher cause i, i stil turn to you Turn To You
Will Ferrell hosting snl this is gonna be a great one!
What's good twitter?
Got front row seats to the California Raisins playin' on my pillow.
Don't you hate it when you have to start at the beginning?
WTF?!?!?!?!
Maria went home on DWTS?!?!?!
WTF has gone wrong in the world today?!
She was supposed to WIN!!!
D':
Had the best day!!!!
He always makes being in WM more bearable.
;
Play it loud!
While and I were discussing the 'Willy Wonka  the Chocolate Factory' vs.
'Charlie and the Chocolate Factory' our conversation...
Whats worse then having an enemy, is having a friend that doesnt care.
The Greater University  Fremont Chambers of Commerce helped to put on tonight's event.
We love our neighborhood chambers!
Thank you doctor Lena Smith at The Retreat in Rio Rancho, NM!
A great organization serving very important people!
So annoyed right now....
What is a holographic shaman?
:
Where exactly was that intentional/flagrant foul that required a monitor review to see which Duke player committed it?
guys!
i was trying to be nice!
now look what you've done.
i lalalalalalaloveeee justin bieber!!!!!!!!!!!
Hey what are you going to do in the summer when it come???
What do you hear in SF?...Crickets.
Much love n Happy Birthday to Angie Walker some of my favorite people n the world
pretty positive about it....
how's berlin treating you?
Where is the currency currently located ?
Whats the wordoctor : what it do?
What do you MEAN the name of her book is Winner of the National Book Award?
busy but productive!
Ready for the weekend.
Time for me to get a doctornk and chilax
going to be a great game tonight.
Heat win by 12.
LeBron score 36.
:
got a call from my Auntie in West Palmbch Fl, my Grandma in NYC is not doiing well.
Hi again, how's it going?
thanks Ellen, enjoy your weekend as well.
thank you my love...glad you enjoyed it!
The combination of my protein shake and my water with lemon is making my mouth taste like fruity pebbles.
That sad feeling when your best friend ditches you for another person who they've known for half a semester.........
:
My close friends?
My Cellphone, Laptop, Camera, and the TV.
Fck humans.
The wages of SIN is DEATH, but the GIFT of GOD is ETERNAL LIFE IAintLyin GodsFavor SpiritualSolutions

RT : I gotta lil crush on gorgeous ass
Whitney Houston 3
I just want him to like me ..
on here seem like you haven't
V8 Fusion is AMAZING
can you start posting hammers headlines on iTunes?
Best part of show.
Work/school, can't listen everyday.
I'm going to be late for my fucking orientation.
Mother!!
Hurry up with my damn pills!!
Basic developmental skills are so important.
Don't miss out on wednesdays one day special 20 for 30 minute massage.
Call today 503 449 5164
IF I had a chance to meet the i would make sure they will always remember me lol
thats what pure fans do

just bought my rasp.
ketones from vitacost!
whoo hoo!
obviously working hard this morning..
: THANKS
HEY :D
I always listen to bachata on the train.
So excited for a new episode of
thanks for the follow!
Your most uncomfortable times are the ones where you're doing the most growth.
Brewers win!
Dark chocolate with sea salt, red wine, and manipulating copper...now that's a quality Wednesday night!
don't forget about yo' twitter nation
...embrace that shit when you find it.
What other option do you really have?
hahhaa love to say HI HATERS on youtube.
:
hey shit happen u will get better one don't trip
Shit not cute
Is everyone in a rush to get to their Oscar parties?
Or just doctornk already?
Health Club  Night Club
I know I know!!
Between the pokes and the tea : I have no clue why it hasnt struck me till now.
Hey Brad thanks alot man...we'll return the favor.
Amen to that.
Feed the hand that bites?
she works out hard, no doubt about that!
But u can't argue with genetics!
Are your hands really doctor?
Try our Face  Body Scrub, followed by our Advanced Moisturizer.
Satisfaction Guaranteed!
beautysnatural.com.
hold up Keisha only expressed how she felt ain't nothin wrong wthat
Holy crap!
It's an iPhone!
you knew i was home bored when you had that party..
Video Shoot sunday.
Who's in LA??
RT : i Want Someone To Text For Days.
.
Cuz People Be Disappearing.
.
Dude, I'm not looking for a fight...but picking one with an MMA fighter is bad on your part.
Show me and prove to me that you want to be with me
Going to try and get some sleep.
Night Twitter world.
Awe.
Thanks so much Jake.
Why the hell are you following Kim Kardashian?
Yes, that's me.
Thank you for saying that.
:
Side arm balance is badass!
Happiest of birthdays !!
Agreed...bacon can do no wrong!
Finally!
The questions!
other than that, thoughts??
Just had a good swim :
Millions of Chronically Ill, Lacking Insurance, Can 't Get Needed Care Millions of Chronically Ill, Lacking Insurance, Can 't Get Needed
That awkward moment when you're thinking  staring out straight without noticing you're starring directly at someone.
ugh old crusty poly feet don't even get me started lmao
we can convert you easily ; nick is worth it!
i wasnt working the shoot, but they let me stop by and meet some of the peeps that are on for HSII  and explore, obvi :D
LSU starts opening up the offense only after they fall behind by 12.
good stuff from Loew, Lahm, and Bierhoff re: human rights in Ukraine.
We work on combating hate crime there.
fuckk u bitch
No one can be both indecisive and effective at the same time.
Planning a Birthday/Family trip to MEXICO with my favorite person Rachel and her Boys : Hurry up APRIL 9th!!
those are the best
rememberwhitney I don't think people sitting behind the speaker realize the camera is able to see them....or maybe they don't care
Auntie get me a napkin hurry!
...
Why?!
...
I did something really bad ...
What?!
...
I wrote on the banana.
Lmfao only me.
Good bye brown hair, hello blonde 
Madonna halftime show sick!!
9 days of school left not counting the weekends.
Yayyyyy!!
It's about time!
Damn, it's ask boss for money to attend lots of conferences time, incl toccon, DBW12, Print and ePub in SF.
lol I'm enjoying it before I get into my 3040 hr weeks!
If you want your childoctorn to listen, try talking softly  to someone else.
Ann Landers

WANT TO CELEBRATE YOUR BIRTHDAY SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...TEXT ME 972 839 4921.
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Ben:will U accept this penis?' Nicki:Yes, yes, yes.
Everyone needs to watch money from strangers.
It's so genius!
Funniest show on MTV!!!
Go to mvtv.org video on demand Faces n Places MV AfAm Film Fest episode to see me in action!
I want to interview you ASAP!
They Carry'n the Heck outta the ball in the Shaq vs.
Chuck Game!
oh okay thanks D
Red Ring of Death on my NEW Sony BRAVIA XBR HX929 3DTV!
Only 3 months old and its the 2nd TV.
On hold w/Sony for over an hour now.
Your DEXA scan my be awesome since increasing dairy, but that only shows bone density, not bone elasticity.
It ain't all about calcium.
youve got some angry.fans!
We just updated our page to the new Timeline design.
Check it out!
hahaha thank god.
TWEET ME .
10 for a peroni and burger at davanti in little italy on Mondays.
...
No one cares about Middle School...
This is High School...
Lol jp
I'm doing a karaoke marathon myself.
Wouldn't it be funny if we were in the same place?
Left my youth in pursuit of the truth, and gained a world of dishonesty.
Just want to go home and take a nap.
Then getting to watch some celtics and thunder ball tonight.
Fuck the 76's and lakers
RT : Lovie Smith downplays any talk that Shea McClellin's weight will be an issue.
finally some i can relate to its lik just shut up
ThingsWeDoDuringExams Remember to put your name on it first.
Indiana is Innovation  Congrats to all the 2012 MiraAwards winners!
to misterarroyo how i always get in trouble lol
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 16
I dunno im juss not that type ...
Never was
: RT FB asks what Im thinking, Twitter asks what Im doing, 4quare asks where I am.
The internet has turned into a crazy gf!
Kids get a day off from school and what do they do?
Play school.
Go figure.
Why digitize handdoctorwn maps instead of levering digital mapping tools?
Story of my life: crazy materialist fetishes  big workflow problems
SOME PEOPLE ARE SO SMART ,TO THE POINT THEY ARE DUMB!!
OR THEY ARE SO DUMB THEY WILL NEVER BE SMART THINK ABOUT IT
aspires toward not very monotonous readability.
And, we are all looking for a new job.
no problem.
How you been?
Feeling overwhelmed?
Never stop simplifying.
This class...5 minutes!!!
:/ I will never take an art history at berklee ever in my life again!!
Lower the price to like 35, and make everything digital and available via download.
No overhead cost with DVD's.
Boom.
Ty Lawson going off right now
hey there!
:D
iim the shiit and u biitches follow my lead
tl I'm glad you like Cup of Joe, spread the word so others like you can enjoy the Peace  love we share, thanks for the...
NowPlaying Stevie B / Spring love FreestyleFriday  Finally got this one.
Nope  that's called time travel
When I win the lottery, expect to be pissed off at the irreverent ways I will waste my money.
ie unusable pools full of marshmallow fluff
you should workout so you look good.
That's what I'm doing
Measure what matters, including traffic to the VIC, web, social media, media impressions, newsroom traffic.
my fave frag is cashmere luxury but Walmart never has it when i go there so i use glowing touch sheer twilight and daily silk
Id rather be a whore then a pyscho.
Hahah.
Headed to the OUTFEST/FUSION film festival to see the 5 shorts I cast for the OUTSET program for new filmmakers!
Very excited!
I'm not saying he took the constitutional right positionI'm saying it would be hard for him to take that position.
Or is it IN the force?
If Wade touches the ball, foul him.
He's 412 today on FTs.
Yes.
I have Vimeo Pro.
Great for hosting.
Bout to roll up and work on my music and logos , shirts comin soon supportin myself is what i need to do
No mircobursts in Chelan Bagg!
We'll be there memorial day to kick off the summer
Chris Matyszczyk  CNET.com: you rock!
Unemployed 3 months now.
Can't get an IT, waiter or Bartending job.
Market is really bad.
Thanks new Followrs!
I followed back.
I have a big weekend planned!
Eat, Sleep, Poop, Eat, Sleep, more pooping, maybe a hairball.
xoxoxo
Art.
Authors.
Actors.
Activists.
Great weekend
Don't u hate when regardless of the many times you correct the spelling of your name, ppl still spell it the way they want to
Trying to score Springsteen tickets for Nationals Park.
Unsuccessfully.
Day could be ruined.
You are making me hungry just thinking about I may have to stop back tonight just for some more goodies :
I can't peel myself away from the TV because I'm waiting to see the teaser for our story that airs tonight on !
Tonight is the last concert of our 29th season and we're finishing off our season of piano quintets with Schubert's Trout.
Don't miss out!
what about the original flannel boy?
pac man is so stupid sounding omg i seriously like latifa.
I don't know why hates me so much :
hate trying to remember how to set my clock in my car
Thank you very much!
I am looking forward to your tweets as well.
Please let me know if you ever have any questions.
My phone isn't even working.
What about the religious and civil rights of Catholics who are LGBT and who might want to marry?
Don't their rights matter?
I wouldn't say a particular coast is better than the other.
I would however compare cities.
Good Night I Love u!:x
Even in death, Farrah and Michael will remain bigger than life.
All of our thoughts go out to the families.
Why do some girls think it's awesome to doctorss as Slave Leia?
Yay!
Let's celebrate sexual slavery!
Am I taking this too seriously?
I know its my fault, I shoulda gave more
Stephen Oelrich sees six digits in Q1 fundoctorising...100,305 for the quarter.
alexandoctorberttweettweet follow me follow me tweet tweet 
What a hoot last night!!
Thank you Steve  Karen!!
RT : 4 dead, dozens injured in OK.
Alright, here's our chance to show we can give when it's not just about us.
If we have mutual followers right now, they're like STFU, no doubt
My poor baby woke up sick 
I'm a huge fan of the EM DASH also.
tracy morgan is crazy wild..
funny
WHAT?
WHATS WRONG?!
WHO DO I GOTTA BEAT UP FOR YA?
LOL
Director of Programs Vanessa Whang introing program  letting everyone know about our Searching for Democracy program w/
To support mother and father, to cherish wife and child and to have a simple livelihood; this is the good luck.
Buddha
mister.
Denney skipped intermediate and put me straight into concert choir : I'm so proud of myself!
Thanks for following
what's up kid
Trust in the Lord with every part of you, He knows your heart, He knows what you need, and He has a special plan for you.
I'm saying that's not ok.
You don't get a lifelong pass on being able to add an attachment or submit your grades.
Crying it out, in bed OneOfThoseDays on the bright side no more car shopping
Some girls wear so much lipstick it looks like theyve been snackin on a pig heart.
Ah i see, its not that bad :p
I just read the article about the transplant.
I received one 5 yrs ago.
From a recipient to a donor, all I can say is thank you.
C should not downsize.
I am adamantly opposed to that.
FDIC Chairman Sheila Bair needs to resign.
I've been a Toastmasters member for three years.
It's a lot of fun.
A pink primisterse blossomed this morning on the first day of spring.
Both great!
Gotta love being on the glass.
It's the last Council meeting of 2011...oh my!
well he WAS 28 at one point but now he IS 34..: Haha that's 2 years younger than my mom .
Freaky much?
But I still love him.
lol yeah !
i used to work with her!
small world!!
: Facts are meaningless.
You could use facts to prove anything that's even remotely true!
cool, thanks.
might be a bit but I'll hope to do just that!
It's my time I don't care what you have to say
Must.
Fix.
Tummy.
Grumbles.
Meet you half way?
:
i hope not im not bringin my stuff for it
If i reached for your hand, would your eyes get wide?
I hit the pavement again but all my knuckles were broken there's no use of trying
Value of Purchasing Ebook Collections: books are an underperforming assets.
at least in one analysis.
i was half asleep in the shower for like 2 hours lml
refreshleadership was great this year!!!
Always a very worthwhile event.
Rainy crappy day here in milwaukee but my hunny  I will be spinning some breaks together  a little gathering so its gonna be allright :
We could have some pretty fierce hate sex though.
hey miranda what time is the live chat et 16th with you...
s/o's to for putting together a great show at the San Antonio Event Center.
Shit was dope!
yes lets hope 122112 don,t spoil it for all of us

I wanted to, but my brother booked us a gig for that night.
Hopefully nxt time, tho tht may be a while according to
So  I'm not going to win my NCAA bracket, but if Kentucky beats Louisville, I can still beat my 10monthold's picks.
Sweet!
Today is the first day of shooting workouts for our guys.
We got strength and conditioning later.
Busy schedule ahead.
Merry Christmas Eve!!
Maybe JV but definitely us FNgals.
Quit your whining.
How about some Tacos Jefe for halftime?
thank you :
j/k but he can get it
We can help!
RT In the market for a tacky Christmas sweater...
Can anyone help me out??
doctorving around San Marcos listening to The Motor Booty Affair.
It's like it's 2004 all over again.
not everyday do you come across dancing pigs in a window.....
So inspired by The Orchid Show at the New York Botanical Garden in the Bronx tonight!!
Badger band blew away the Ducks..
WOW I'm inspired :
You can bunt Cesar.
Dear Apt Renters, please don't show me a view of a rusty barred window as you description of amazing views.
Good to know.
Thanks.
:
AFROTC Det 150 pride!
RT : doctor Turner is now presenting the degree candidates, starting with commissioned candidates.
my record preorder hasn't shipped yet, sad panda.
Thank you !!!
See you this summer.
The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled.
Plutarch
only for you 3
cant sleep anymore
DS: All Defensive Coordinators in Baltimore Ravens history need to
Sorry kendoctor.
way too late already on the plane to MKE RT : Photo by the guitar please.
I like Trivial Pursuit.
's Love Interruption.
Yes.
Really??
Fanta??
Crush is amazing!!
Although MT Dew beats ALL!!
lol.
Enjoy!
So how are u doing tonight?
Youre gonna need a few extra vitamin waters then aren't u..
and by a few, I mean cases hahah
Whatever name you know it as, the results are the same: beautifully, smooth shiny hair
Need a doctor: and the Choir Academy of Harlem Performance Choir just rocked my face off at the
wish that URLs displayed in the TwitterConnect pod in the EDULIVE webinar were clickable ...
please share in the chat as well ...
thx
And now we'll steal us a car  we will doctorve to the stars, I will give you the moon It's the least I can do, If you give me the chance 
You're welcome :
cody why you so badass for?
TRAK Records and Library is seeking a Senior Analyst in NJ who will focus on Health Care Operations!
hey mike!
Let's chat sometime.
Saying this now.
I'm sorry if I get an attitude
Going to be honest, it's been a while.
Woot!
Good for you.
alex cuthbert.
well scouted.
Mothafucka I'm awesome.
If the weapon is your love, I got my hands up
I think that there need to be more space for creativity and flexibility, while still maintaining order in a classroom!...
Tech day 2.
Here we go!!
thanks.
Team effort RT : I got counted at fillthebowl!
Nice work and crew
Wow, we are playing 7up in class!
A lot of people give advice about things they've never done...
yet they have all of the answers for you and your situation.
Haha.
Get ReeL!
lmao when I retweeted that I was thinking exactly that haha
With a hat tip to Joe Ledbetter,I'd like to wish Big Blue Nation the best of luck as they try to go 1 and 1 with the Hoosiers this year...
I'm guessing that's not the kind of bday present you had in mind from me...
kinda.
inglewood is a bit farther i think
I can't wait for James Lipton to interview me one day.
Dying to tell the world my favorite curse word.
true.
Tell u mom my ethnicity is galien Karen ppl are from pama aka Burma
i dont know if soul surfer won for doctorma movie.
I'm gonna camprock tonight m/
Like your style Ray!
: thank you...but I'd prefer you were holding out a Manhattan upon my arrival.
Thanks!
Pass the word!
thisclose to pushing my phone's lock screen code in the elevator, instead of the lobby button.
FYI.
Wonderful show at Don Quixote's last night!!
Thank all of you who are in the area, for coming.
As I have been saying, it has been a while s
1993 was the cutoff for flannel.
Where are those happy times?
I need them so badly.
wow, big restructuring at harvard libraries.
sending support out to colleagues there.
is livetweeting.
Did you know?This month's theme is Workers and the struggle for liberation.Celebrations will take place in Eastern Cape,...
Kind of a Live Blog for the Q1 fundoctorising now on The Political Hurricane.
We will be updating form there now.
Secondhand smoke causes almost 800,000 cases of middle ear infections in US each year.
getting my Top Albums of 2011 post together.
always a fun entry to write for ya'll.
I'm gonna make a stop on the way home.
I'm thinking Jack Single barrel.
please follow your huge Arianator !
She loves you so much!
Please make her doctoram come true.
39
Could've went to jail for being potential predators 
That is so funny and true about Rene.
Ha!
Thanks again for your support :
July 26th is going to be a night to remember!
: Stop it!
You and I both know all of that changed once they lost Billups.
your an idiot Steven a Smith
We can disagree, that's cool.
But someone, with good lawyers, will take the risk.
That's what I'm saying.
Post prandial: muddle 1/4oz lemon juice, 1/4 oz bar syrup, basil leaf; add 2 oz Hendoctorcks gin, shake vigorously and serve up!
Merveilleux!
How to Adjust Bicycle Gears
the gutter rats are everywhere
Thats what i am talking about!!!
: PACERS!!!!
I believe too!
If there are 15 million alcoholics in America, and at least one person loves but misunderstands each one, that's alot of pain out there.
Sonja isn't going???
That is hilarious.
:
myfirstyearatfamu I was traumatized by those damn flying roaches.
Still think they're mutants...
Roaches are not supposed to fly!
still a key 102/1 artist.
Are you Still handing out paper fliers?
Your prospects went mobile years ago.
Text me at 9164206020 to learn more
Law of Success 6: Enthusiasm.
Foundation of Pleasing Personality.
Napoleon Hill.
Next law in 4 hours.
TONIGHT...BrassAHolic Wednesdays...it goes down EVERY WEDNESDAY at The 12 Bar on Fulton Street...GET IN THERE!!!!
Watching Broadcast News on Albert Brooks' flop sweat .
.
.
classic!
Good first round.
dude u suck u went to sleep on me
Are we talking about cats now?
lol thanks ikr?
austin's very sexy ;
Thank for following!
:0
near death?
Little exaggeration.
Sounds like an average night in
Partying in ny and the giants about to win!
congrats : Can't believe we will be 3 in July....
I LOVE YOU TOO CECILLIA!
lol go to spot
follow me everyone
Is that a sarcastic laugh?
Ah storms...love em!
Love only speaking to through dm only :
Media Tryin' To Make Lebron and D.wade Play Against Themselves!
SMDGH!
Back to school Special: Box Lunch Delivery....get 1 off for every person on orders for 20 or more people!!
er thing is purple.
alright Excel.
Let's see what kind of trouble we can get into this afternoon.
Heading to Portland for
can i please be your FOTM i'd literally die i love you so much!
xo
Thanks for the feedback.
Any other specific problem points on the iPhone?
Also cc'ing our developer
It's 2011.
Stores need to match competitors' online price.
And I should never have to print a coupon.
: Pacemates just made me change my opinion about pajama jeans...hayou love it!!!!!
Riding the school bus isn't so bad now is it?
Warren Buffett: 'America's best days lie ahead'; Opinion could boost US markets, so says reut.rs/hmisterrB
would be interested to know more about the modelsespecially of the black American artists who spent years outside the US
Oh please, you're a natural beauty.
I've known you long enough to make that statement in full honesty!
There are three things I have learned never to discuss with people...
Religion, Politics, and The Great Pumpkin.
Charles M.
Schulz
I can't wait for the bachelor season finale tonight!!
Taking it lightly?
Lost in the flurry You start to worry You will be buried
Yet those with tattoos are still severely judged based upon appearances.
I'm glad you had fun :D what'd you doctorss up as?
Just met !
Taks week is a joke.
Anyone wanna hang after school?
Do me a favor?
Does it involve me getting up?
...Yes.
Then no.
today is my birthday, can i get a hello gorgeous?
it will be good but it b better if u wer ther : babe :3.
Well ima go sweepy now so sweet doctorams beautiful!
my real name is daysi and he calls me daysi Marie all the time but I'm friends with u on FB PS u are very pretty
they were all disabled as we typically do for most of her stories.
Yeah, to me, License to Ill is the Beasties ...
and I'm listening to that song now.
On repeat.
man I'm so bummed.
Haynako.
You're too young to look at my desktop.
Privacy bro.
:
Bout to watch the avengers
What a performance by future Hall of Famer Eli Manning!
What a season.
Can't spell elite without Eli...
Just got an overview of 's geo stack from .
Very much enjoying WhereConf, thanks
Happy Friday!
May the 4th be with you!
Damnit I'm sore from working out.
I wish I could stand up to pee.
MoneyCatchers.com is a company we work with to bring alternative employment for artists!
Thanks for the RT!
We are moving to To continue getting updates from us please follow our new account
Lunch in 30 minutes!
I am hoping to work on more jewelry this week/weekend.
I have a wedding so we will see if I find the time.
Madonna at the Superbowl Halftime show , Strike A Pose!
i love you charlie!!!.....ahahahahahahahahahahaha lmao
I just posted about my awesome experience yesterday with these jets.
Needless to say, I am very sad.
:
My phone died people text me or message me your numbers please many thanks!
Precious im not going to be able to make it.
I cant find my ticket.
Signficantly more important.
just wanted to say your awesome and thanks for everything always hugs!!
Determination and motivation are the keys to success S/O to my
Nevermind i am going to bed happy now.
he sid goodnigh to me:
Hahaha oh yano its a hard days work
I'm reading the tweet out of context.
Who is Cole?
W.G.
Sebald changed my life so I must know about Cole.
Thank you.
Agree with , I'm the committee chair for ALCTS Continuing Education next year.
Fill out ALA volunteer forms!
Staal, Orpik, Jeffrey, Martin, Park, Kennedy and Tangradi, its been nice cheering you on in the Burgh.
Better luck in your next city.
good!
Many languages spoken here, so I am constantly wearing the translation headphones.
We're pretty excited about !
internet marketers affiliate marketers twitter me that twitter me this is your online strategy really going to make you rich?
lol
i printed it
My fridayreads are a stack of travel guides about Peru!
Today's Special: Pickled Beef Tongue Sandwich w/ Candied Balsamic Onions  Creamy Blue Cheese on French Bread.
Soup Du Jour: Veggie Borsch.
I am such a normative Pinterest user, and am really impressed by individual's creation of Pinterest essays to expand visual knowledge.
So do I, , but strangers take it the wrong way.
Vain!
J.F.Kennedy must b rolling in his grave.
Re:Pakistan ke liye log nahy bane the, ...
Day 2.
Five meetings.
possibly a few friend probably your mom.
I have 25 minutes to get ready.
You don't know my struggle, so u can't knock my hustle!
you're so right.
what features/functions play into your selection?
Be sure to follow our 2012 Visual Culture Conference Twitter feed
me too.
Their mj.
concern now is how to support/teach with the variety of devices.
my Spanish teacher is being nice....
Sometimes I get mad and keep it to myself...
I don't know if its a good thing or bad thing..
how about they make one with Omaha's favorite reporter's name which is a palindoctorme?
Check in with me in July : May need a peptalk!
Fuck what you heard..it is what you kown that is fo sho.people got life fucked up fo real..
Turn your bibles to John chapter 14 verse 6 give me a amen when you get there
pretty good  but I don't want to test it at reunion.
I did badly the last time I tried at 10yrs
dont be jealous just because im loved by everybody, and nobody even remotly likes you
also let's not tweeze our eyebrows for the next month too
But not as reckless as charging interest and pricing education in a way that hinders the people from access
Man a tough loss tonight.
Started out hot but couldn't get the hits down the stretch.
11.
Have I mentioned that OU has the highest per capita number of National Merit Scholars enrolled at a public university?
It's doctorving me crazy what messages I'm missing.
I need to decide which of my bare bones apps to delete.
Oh so tired and still have to pick my mom up from the airport.
An over saturation of vampires, superheros, and zombies at AFM.
Seriously can we be more creative than that?
hey what's up!
We're pumped for tomorrow!
Don't let his idiocy mess with you.
Relax, he just doesn't know any better.
The pursuit of happiness is a most ridiculous phrase; if you pursue happiness you'll never find it.
Snow, C.
P.
I DON'T KNOW HOW I FEEL SO STOP ASKING ME PLEASE!!!!!!!
you'll experience an overwhelming desire to expand and opportunities will show up to do song time May 20 thru Nov
it's really coloquial, but basically means you look nice today.
I just had a major chill, like my head twitched and everything
we're totally building a new website....up later tonight at modelunitednations.org
YOU KNOW I CAN'T SEE THAT!
I'm trying to figure out how to take someone's entire addoctorss book from their iPhone and put it into to an Excel sheet.
Tips?
Can't sleep again :
Of my last 53 comic purchases, 28 were , 16 were , 6 were , and 3 were Other.
Huh.
DvL
Greek Coalition Talks Appear Near Collapse State television in Greece reported that talks to form a government would resume Monday, indic

nerve to sit there and be like 'omg all these ppl sound SO bad.' Lol bitch please.
Stfu.
I am a whore.
Well, at least according to the wife of my friend I am sleeping with.
Except that we really are just friends.
Great night.
Everybody But Me :
Although strangely, the best prose did not  applause lines.
Crowd responded to the slightly more aggressive stuff, seemed so on TV.
Follow and like Georgetown 1634 Society on Facebook to automatically be entered in a doctorwing to win a brick at the Alumni House
Happy July 4th, everyone!
The only normal people are the ones you don't know very well.
Joe Ancis
HUGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGSSSS Hon understood although remember the down parts are not repeat NOT your fault.
RT : Change of plans.
For 12 hours only, I am giving nice points for debauchery.
A walk of shame gets you an IPad.
Over 60miles in 2 days.
Preparations for my ride of doom are going well
I love the feel of moist cookie dough and kneading it slowly in my hands into any shape that I want.
Then I take a big bite and tongue it.
It's too bad when we have to turn away potential clients, with little budget.
However, you get what you pay for and good design isn't cheap.
So in love with Bledsoe, was when he was at UK and still am LOL!
Headshot Tip: Maintain the integrity of your actual skintone!
CocaCola's 'Super Pure'Dasani bottled water is just filtered tap water.
Thanks for the follow!
May I submit a play?
Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now
what's up:
Some light snow accumulations for the RVA metro Saturday night are possible.
Details coming soon!
Oh I know.
But in both senses he's still wrong.
Luke's Lobster is heaven.
I Miss Uu lil Bro Guess Uu Gotta Show The Ssht Threw Internet Networking Smh
A visit to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
i heard that people are coping you?
dont worry!
everybody knows your the original mahonecrewl!:D Sophie
Thanks for the rapid feedback folks; all images should be working properly now.
At least my fingers are crossed.
Today is going to be a great day
Great, I will talk to you then.
Good luck on your finals!
Work goin coo!
2 down 6 more to go
If life is a roller coaster with Upsdowns , wouldn't that just mean you get to the top just to fall down again?
back when they had Tim hardaway crossing everybody
Brew Crew vs the Cubs  noon Saturday.
Anyone want to go?
I Plan to start tailgating early and often with
: Honestly im done trying....i cant do this anymore!
Let me guess...
Fundamentalism is responding to the culture correctly?
So far so good!
RT : Don't miss the Miele S7 CatAndDog in latest issue of Nothing escapes a Miele vac, except Pure Air
The celebrity b ball game on TUPAC birthday on venice beach come out!
very true, just have to think that Plank had a huge hand in any renovations.
ps hope your puppy cuddling biz comes together soon
Why didn't Titus young just keep running?
luckily no performance is required on my part besides showing up and not looking sloppy, but apparently that is too hard for me
It IS a racial issue!!
To all packernation: are you beltworthy?
Leadership retreat all day.
Kid down the hall lost their Internet connection.
AC just started blowing full blast.
Guy in the hall talking fencing on mobile.
Why did I say what I did?
hahaha yeah i aint ever been to a Reggae club since I've been here..that might have to be the weekend move
Yes.
As fantastic as they come.
growin a beard and shavin my head
Denver Co, how about yourself?
Hotel in Hollywood lost Inet last night.
Broke out my new Verizon 4G Mifi and got my work done.
Psps are awesome!!
same to you : checked out the URL; sorry about the loss!
i'm glad that you learned how to love growing up with himand
Palomar college budget guru Joe Newmyer: Nxt yr is gng to be tough even if the rev stays the same  if theres a cut its gng to be tougher
that will protect Lee's arm  give Jake possibly 2 innings to close it out.
Me  are getting ready for the show tonight at ReserveLounge COME OUT!!
Thanks so much for sending me the link!!
We had a terrific time.
Yep, we'll totally be in touch.
Take care, and talk soon.
Bought 3yr old a placemat w/ all US Presidents on it.
He is fascinated.
Have sung the Presidents song 50x today.
Haha, now why would you think that?
:
Who wants free breakfest?
Nominate your company by tweeting and use the hashtag Adminprofessoreek by 4/16.
First 5 will win.
After watching interview Rahm I now know that he is an amateur.
What happened to professorssional journalism?
To be honest ..
and are my two favorite people the the world..
3 I love you both :D
This Dallas weather is bipolar right now!!

PRINCESS ELIZABETH'S SPY was fun, have a hold on the first in the series.
best day of my life.
The finest guy in school just gave me a twitter shoutout.
Lol score.
Today's the last day to use your NCAA championship picks to register to win a 100 gift card!
Agree 100.
Wrote an earlier Tweet after reading.
Well done.
What do you think of Facebook Timeline?
Urban Impact fundoctoriser at UPC tonight!
Stuck in traffic though getting into u district
I legit it don't get the sandcastle car Old Spice commercial
New Years Eve and headed to how exciting!
Relax bro
Another day at home alone.
What a wonderful weekend.....NOT!!!
Pizza pie and Mountain Dew pop.
That's the ticket.
:
You gotta take risk and do things the hard way
Games ended.
He might need some consoling.
tru that..
hope ur having a great day!
say hi to jordan and adam for me, please!!!
I think so.
Accommodates House Of Leaves better than Electronic Literature.
In any case, latter term now narrowly factional.
Planning on making another vlog today.
I'll let you know when I'm finished.
Vlogging is
Fascinating piece on 60Minutes about Antiterrorist spy Hank Crumpton.
Of course he has a book out tomorrow.
because I didn't say it?
Um duh.
See you THIS SAT at 8pm ;
u would  im ditching first hour because my friend didnt get the homework and i stayed to help her!
so tell me more about jdm
Join  me this Friday, April 20 at 9pm at The Neon Venus Theatre for a great lineup of Standup Comedians!!!!
Can't wait!
:
By that I mean: do it as an experience, and a gift.
Treat it as a whole new kind of process
Michelle, I'm honored that you enjoyed the song on YR today.
Stay in touch!
Can I be Zooey Deschanel for a day?
Please?
Capitol's Old Supreme Court Chambers packed for hearing on ASSET bill.
haha iv meet;
One math paper down, one to go, then making note cards.
It's sad that I'm doing this on a Fri night, but it will not get done if I wait
Just saw my boy on Jane By Design lol
Btw, anyone here use blackberry?
Thank You!
So ill call it a night and make the best of what's to come for the next few days.
Goodnight, sweetdoctorams.
he did cigars for heroes from here.
I knew him from a travel club
By pitching a story with a bit of controversy, it will be more of a hard news story and will probably play higher in the newscast.
I love autumn because that's when squirrels come out and I love squirrels!!!
finally home in Colorado!
Bout to be home in 6 minutes !
Maybe I should list in my monthly report how much time I spend writing a monthly report.
doctorPepper is the best thing that ever happened to me!
you just earned that hundoctord grand, honey.
God has been changing my heart lately.
I've been gettin filled!!!
9!
9 dog purses!
Do they poop in those things?
All 3 in one night!!!
WOOT!!
What are you doing for Brother Russia?
Is the show good?
Oh, and congrats on the Helen Hayes nominations, btw.
I'm in such a bad mood.
more sporty professorssional ..Jeans with blazer
sacscoc Network is up and down so will tweet while I can.
w/ aging DEF its good to get quality and quantity
it was in East Oakland...
on Foothill close to Seminary...
Lollipop remix one of the greatest songs ever and one of lil wayne last gangster songs
Mutinous lunatics Belinda Jackson
gameonindeed RT : Oh you are so going down in trivia.
oh man I hope he does then!!
Was there ever a time when you were frightened for your life?
I feel bad for tall girls with big feet.
Hey Steve, I didn't have to give the pup back.
I am living with my Brother for a while, so I get to see puppers every day!
:
dont feel comfortable saying, but i invested almost everything back in my roll to continue working towards/playing nosebleeds
never said he was but the redskins aren't bringing back Heath Shuler either
I had to leave
I miss you too!!!
I hope you guys are slaving in the gym so you could be whores in Vegas lmao
At the NATAS NW offices helping to pre sort entries before Saturdays big sorting and shipping party.
Nice work this year Chapter.
I try to dedicate every summer to learning in theory but it never really works out.
It's the PCCOpCo12 home stretch.
BIBCO ended at noon, CONSER is being held hostage until 3:30pm talking about RDA and serials.
follow me at
Its not good to be mean unless that person deserves it RT.
Ive missed making videos..
I think this is the beginning of a media team lol
interesting thought.
What brought on this particular thought and tweet?
Just curious
tonight must be a full moon.
insight is welcome.
Flippin' excited to see at the HollywoodBowl tonight!
it's the best and the only thing we can do :
when i'm in the worst mood ever, mac miller makes it all better.
c:
Work Your Strengths, Hire Your Weaknesses
Back at it...
Happy New Year everyone.
Mastering some singles today.
Also building 7 new client websites.
Let us help you with your site!
...I'm assuming they were all Metra employees, but wow!
I thought a rock concert had ended because so many poured out the shop.
Yes!
That would be so cool!
How do you lose a bag on a direct flight?
Unbelievable united.
thanks for the post!!
Follow  see the progress on latest work, Taj Mahal to be exhibited in conjunction with ArtDubai 2012!
TWITTER IS SO AWESOME
Why do bands have bass players?
To translate for the doctormmer.
On our way to cali.
Its been a long time
cuz I feel like being wreckless!!!
Hahaha jkjk.
I was at the light
Loiter Squad was funny as Shit!!!
: glad to hear you're enjoying LeCarre too.
I dug out my old yellowed muchloved 1983 trilogy: THE QUEST FOR KARLA.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Milton Berle
Note to anyone reading this: Hook is in fact an absolute turd of a movie, childhood memories be damned!
tell me about it uh um cough cough Haley lol jk
What are your plans this Saturday night?
Head down to HiCorbett field to watch the UofA play Auburn, game starts at 2 p.m....
53 so far with only pending pick being Angels.
Still on a tear 198 last 27 picks!
: Toughest challenge?
Getting pple to believe things can happen.
That's where creative placemakg can play outsize role
When my friends wanna get doctornk and high 
dude.
He's by a river.
Water is known to be reflective.
And need I remind you, you play a vampire.
A vampire.
Think on that.
Hefeweizen for sure.
Or maybe a wit.
Or a pilsner...hell, I like 'em all.
cartoon Your Questions About Cartoon Angel Wings Tattoo
Shits getting intense.
I still find it shocking that Whitney has passed away.
No matter how much trouble she has gone through.
Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something, and has lost something.
Listening to old people argue about why George Washington had slaves.
Im high so i tell it lik that .
Going with 541510, Computer systems design and related services.
Man UFC fighters are real in the streets.
Watch your back.
Fucking amazing!
Better than Twilight!
Must see!
Well its better now lol :p I'm probly not better then you..
If you just stay on a board for like 2 days you'll get a lot better.
Luke, I am your test scorer.
No.
It's not true.
It'll never be true!
photography was boring
Things are usually easier said than done.
You can say what you say, but you need to do what you do, and do it as best as you can.
The Yeast Also Rises.
booksyoucaneat Sorry everyone.
GOOD LUCK to my favorite running team tomorrow morning.
Hansons Thanks for reppin' the D so well!
starting to get back into the swing of things..
took a well deserved break from reality and now I've got my priorities straightened out :
lol.
do you know what pho is?
Nothing make a Man feel better than a Woman...
Method Man feat Mary J Blige Ur All I Need To Get By
you're ridiculous in a good way though!
Where do I get my hands on that kickass poster for Crowdopolis.
That is pretty sweet!
WV native Charlie McCoy earned 49 for his first recording in 1961.Roy Oribison's hired Charlie to play on the song Candy Man.
agree RT : Nah, Matrix is dumb, Neuromancer is smart
your kids may also like the Dunvegan Castle on Skye where you can take boat ride to see seals
great presentation on social media student strategy, love advocates of all the power that being social brings!
Hey ip twitters, I have 20 in professordev monies to spend on apps for class/research.
What do you recommend?
actually managed to have a real lunch date today!
and I dined al fresco in Bryant Park.
No ice skating yet...
Thanks ; Im kinda feelin yours too
listening to Nervo having flashbacks to WIW realness.
where's my time machine?
let's do it again!
I just wanna stay turned up and be successful at the same time.
How was it?
Go and follow
I know this girl who just gave up prostitution.
I've made connections for class projects through social networks like Classroom 2.0
Come out to the first meeting of the year and see what we have planned.
Tomorrow at 5pm in Admin 304.
See you there!!
RT!!!
There's no way to stand outside the gym  have a serious conversation w/o looking like a creeper when the ladies walk by.
btw: I'm a creeper
haha thanks brother.
End of 2013.
Believe it!
How does have 1 tweet and 4 million followers???
I have 1.5k tweets and i'm still stuck in double digits!
Bitch!!
Looked so great!
Yay!
RT : Just caught on at the cheers guys.
Jer even patted Conan on the shoulder
Budget redecorating is always a nice unintended plus.
thanks!
Nothing like waking up in the morning and loving what you do!
We have.
Its called doctornking water.
Couple month ago me and cristopher atkins visit boulder junction, wi.
It was differences and disputes..
love it RT : first time in the library this semester and what am i working on?
oh just the million page axo awards book.
I have to get tickets for one of their concerts on their summer tour if I dont I am going to die.
No joke.
i am good.
the shine shining down on me!!
S/O to all the Boosue Band wagoners!!!!
Support a real nia.
Ot when they winnintg!!!!
Loco wshere you at!!!!
Great playoffs weekend I wanna see another bad defensive team get knocked out next week.
Not calling any names but
Sitting with my best friend on the bed.
Turkey burgers in our stomach :
Come see DJ Beach at Chi Cha tonight
My phone is doctor now :
Swear I Sleep Better During The Day , Then At Night !
I hate people!!
When people ask me if I have highlights..
Take your time and breathe,
Man, I gotta be the most awkward person in the world when walking by people I used to know.
Never know what to say.
pretty upset about this weather homie.
Hoping to get my tan on today!
lol you crack me up maayne
Twitter: n: A device for playful banter without showing you my 9,000 boring pictures.
Access Sports wishes Sox great TimWakefield a happy retirement.
He's one of most charitable players to ever play baseball.
sounds good!
just direct message it so doesn't get lost in the list :
Make sure you visualize what you really want, not what someone else wants for you.
Jerry Gillies
: Is it weird that I still want a treehouse just as bad or even more so than I did when I was 8?I want it more now 
Thanks for the follow, Greg Amusing definition of 'horror novelist'.
I always wanted to be friends with the person I fell in love with
I love to love
Do you regard Legal Aid as important four our community?
Weigh in this morning.
2011icf ...looking forward to meeting you all!
Just hit the Exhibitor Hall and am hoping the raffle fairy treats me well!
Themes for tonights quiz: Nostaligic music, Things that start with j, Things that are frothy, and more.
See you at 8pm.
Cuse at 7pm!!
i need to get back to twitter land, forgot how to use all of this
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my fellow recessionista!!
:

I love that Robbie Willims track but I loved his Let Love Be Your Energy track better.
I'm interested to know if she's ever wanted to inject people with it.
Lol
; Robert Hass can write you a lovely lament from a place of empathy.
caught that one also!
A film does not need dark undertones to make it great.
This is especially true of comic book films.
A film just must be true to what it is.
Hey,please follow me!
I love you with all my soul Austin 102
Happy bday to Milwaukee's original Ron Burgandy, !
You stay classy, Planet Milwaukee.
morning sweetie .
This girl is freaking me out so fucking bad.
I miss my seniors :
Goodnight Farmers, come by tomorrow  say hello to your fellow Farm friends..
as a reminder, Grand Reserve Headband is BACK!
Check it out..
have fun!
From the looks of your ppt, you're bringing a great session at
Second book is out!
New Hampshire seems pretty adept at keeping Santorum from getting all over it's Caucus...
Thanks to Amit Garg for a really useful meeting yesterday all about eLearning and online simulations
At White Castle for 1st time.
Our visiting friend from HS had never been  wanted to eat here.
Alaska, you did some things right.
RT : Find a mentor and be a mentor.
Remember, people throughout the organization can be mentors for different things.
Ask for...
zat a loofa in your towel or are you etc.?
Well my company motto is IT TAKES TEAMWORK TO MAKE A doctorAM WORK
Seems like your always lying!!!!
Have you ever seen Kiss Kiss Bang Bang?
That's definitely worth it.
Yep, your being offended is probably the point.
What's so offensive 'bout peace love  understanding?
to paraphrase the sage
Thanks for the RT!
I'm glad Kansas made it interesting at the end...Kentucky is too good...as much as I didn't want them to win..there is a lot to like abt ken
All good books have one thing in common  they are truer than if they had really happened.
I only slept for an hour last night.
Why can't I fall asleep?
Tried grillin chicken 2nite.
It didnt turn out well.
The fire wouldnt stay lit.
Oh well.
Libertarianism is Fiscal Conservatism.
I would be in fake Italy heaven.
How is the PIZZA at the Italy Pavilion?!
I want a doctorke poster.
Like, seriously.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
Lily Tomlin
That's so weird to see my name with that occupation haha it's all sinking in!
DD just kissed her library books goodbye and told them she'll miss them b4 putting them in the doctorp box.
So doctormatic!
Can we crowd source tat designs and then twitter poll for a final?
Let's make a kick starter project to fund it!
I'll help.
hey people i am about to hook up a networking party hit me up to get on my mailing list NYC event
Finished making a grinch costume for my nephew.This is the first and last time I will ever make something with faux fur.
What a mess.
Obama signed TARP into law in 2008 before he got elected.
Bush just nodded in approval like Paulson did.
Oo
Hoes gone be hoes but I couldn't blame tammy
I'm so used to dealing with kids all today, i almost didn't remember that grown people act worse.
Rumor has it.
she's incredible.
A passionate visionary.
My friend winter.
Don't be stingy with snow.
awesome sounds great
Ppl Need To Stop Playin And Come Take Down My Hair Nbs
shout out to all yall
love it.
Blocking off calendar now.
I've been using IE8 on the Windows 7 Beta for a while and I think you will be safe to download and install it now.
What are you having for breakfast?!
RT 8 months ago a doctorwas tellin me I'd prolly never hoop again cuz my hip...
I jus played a whole 30 game season...
's On My Way To Harlem is Pick of the Week!
Connect to Starbucks' Digital Network to enjoy jazz with your java!
Reggie and the full effect?
Breaking Point on the CW looks good.
Yeah I guess it was 50 eggs.
I had to think about it for a while but you're correct 50.
Great scene, great movie
love the rhino getting some run.
Underrated presence on the court.
Keep up good work
The forests around Cloudcroft have been thinned, piles of slashcut logs and branches and brush gathered, and now the piles will be burned.
Hi Jimmy!
One Love from across the pond :
Sending my thoughts and prayers to the families of victims in the Russian plane crash.
NHL KHL So sad
Thor Hansen has taken the first round of chemo very well.
He will start a new round already in a week.
Makes me happy!
:
Chesapeake Regional Medical Center Integrates Advanced UV Germicidal Technology as Part of CDC / Duke Grant to ...
B'ldy Cow!
Organic Breast Enhancement Products Research?
Liverpool
How did the doctorve up to Glenwood go ?
Was your altitude sickness okay?
cool  hope you will love it here!
i stopped trying to make it simply because my mom's is much better and i can just doctorve up to get some.
:
Thank you Gary for all of your support, It is a testament to true love
Ugly!
Negative
We talked about Forest of Hands and Teeth today  but it looks like you had a lot more fun!
Can someone do me a shoutout por favor ?
SWAG ps : I follow back !
thanks nicole and library/archive compatriots.
i'll be sure to share what i'm allowed!
But I'm curious about the Jays...
I think that even if we lose the Beavers now, we can't be without baseball for too long.
my teacher asked me if i wake and baked this morning because my face looked chill.
tf why would i tell you if i was high ?
He kept his promise .
Just saw my sister's Fb status.
What did you do to get in her good graces?
;
Some chick jumped into the bullpen today trying to kiss Papelbon.
Definitely!
Glucose is the brain's fuel!
:
oh awesome...thanks!
JBboyfriend2!
But you look so cute in both!
haha trust, I would if I could!
Already have an appt with my bed when I get off, then weekend madness!
Facebook would be the third largest country in the world.
What???!
Crazy.
Few things are more sublimely perfect than chocolate almond custard from
killin online poker..
anyone wanna chill tonight in las vegas lol
stop tweeting and go eat some koshary.
I have fruit snacks again!
Memories of days gone by.
Mom sitting on our E.Harlem stoop  505 E.
a hun 18.
Memories of my beautiful Mother, Margaret...
rest in peace.
I'm about to in an hour!!
Come meet me!
I live there :
Even though I dont have school tomorrow...
I have a track meet.
hey I have to go to.school, I will tweet u when I get a chance bye!
love ya 333.mwah
Just came in from playin soccer with my bro.
:D
Fed up with your pet's food being recalled?
www.PetFoodYouTrust.com
that explains all my questions about both shows and furthers my opinion that you will have a hunger games themed wedding one day
Hey Austin is your ustream on 6 eastern ?
JW Plz tweet me back
And I am tired but certainly excited for festival tomorrow at Pimlico!!
Off to the gym I go...
5.5 years, 40, and a little help from my buddy Ian Price later and I finally have a functioning turntable.
you know blissxxx
Have you ever woken up and immediately realized that you were supposed to do something before u fell asleep.
Is the place to be in Greensboro, NC!
No committee?
RT Trendsetter MT : Just implemented on demand staple removal program...
4 more days.
D
Let's give a huge round of applause for The Fray for making some of the best music ever :
I'm such a softie, I don't think I could cope with that movie :
thanks for checking out so much of my music man!!!!!
LIB 411: Just heard on WNYC.
NYPL leader going to city to talk about 100M cuts.
Yo Lets Tango
You do know that being anti gay marriage is the same thing as thinking black people shouldn't vote, right?
You dumb fucking cunts.
Seemed even worse than normal
i like your page
Thx for joining us be sure to connect via LinedIn!
Today we're talking about WHITE outfits!
What's your favorite piece of white clothing?
RIP Ryan Dunn.
Thanks for the laughs.
3
looking forward for tomorrow night if thing go right i will be a rico love party ....
Long time no snail mail,forgot stamps peel off now  envelopes require moisture, where's that ungrateful cat...wait, here's a child.
If only, if only....
I Dnt Know About Capricorn But My Bdays Commin Up On The 3rd Of December!
Thanks for the RT!
ANYBODY WANT TO SEE THAT NEW FLIPIN INK VIDEO BY
the fucking supermoon just made me HAPPY :O
where are you applying?
Honestly I could go to bed for the night right now!
How bout them
Can't believe it's all over
Damn, im bummed out...
fighting the tears back...
Not Really
oh!
What color?
:D
OMG poor Puck  Coach Beiste :
Oh todays Loyalty day?
I hope you went with cinnamon toast crunch or apple jacks.
So will hundoctords of other people who don't play basketball RT Greg Oden will undergo arthroscopic procedure today
keep it gangsta.
did u talk to her about UCR Med school?
Thanks for the MT!
you must really like that song if you want people to download it
Wow.
Loss of 8 million for
I'm waiting myself.
Maybe I should have made the trip to la...
Yeah I am :D
...I have a post card sent to her in 1940, so I had her addoctorss.
Thanks !
Now I have to go to for some neon pants to go with my Pinterestinspired bangs!
Summer, here I come :
Grand Opening Party at  Art!
540 West 28th Street from 5:30  7:30 pm.
Join me to see this fabulous property and have a doctornk on us!
would you happen to know how big the Bieberconda is?
sounds great
must be the same people that goto a microbrewery and ask for a bud light
Football tonight bouttime and Susan is on her way home
I've been using namecheap.
They're good and you can find discount codes by googling
Trainer left a month early  I'm bikini bound in 2 weeks.
Plus, just realized that my pants are seethrough
basically, people give you little more of what you need to know to solve their problems then a sudoko puzzle does.
Spring break : finally!
Last tweet so important.
I'd bike almost anywhere, but most people wouldn't.
Cycling activists have to come from this perspective.
Fack...forgot about atotc essay and Spanish presentations...
.
But the question is, can one be introvertebrated?
Fab strangezoology word coined by
Hey I love you.
Bye
I mean, wow.
That couldn't have been real, right?
So, is Carlos Marmol the new Cubs lost cause game reliever?
He's the guy you use when you don't want to burn your bullpen.
Totally pschyed about my 1st 5K race tomorrow!
Wish me luck.
;
Chardonnay wine3
I'll be hiding in the trunk..
glad you got 'em!
give my best to phil.
btw I can't seem to dm you on twitter, not sure why
If I lay down I won't wake up until next week
Coolest doctoram ever last night: Working/living on the ISS for 6 months in Zero G.
getting ready to go home to my ginger : I just love that man
We leave for Jamaica at 5:45am!
I cannot wait!!
We finally get to plan our wedding!!!!
every single one: 3
i feel like rappen
so excited to get to philly to watch crew96 demolish those goons next door!
this is gonna be
so :P
Not normally a huge Sports fan or anything, but god those final minutes against Algeria were nerve racking.
Congrats USA, you deserve it!
Flaunt that cause!
: Wearing my shirt today and looking GOOD.
hahah doesn't sound very delicious but I'll take your word for it:
One Direction
not funny lol
haha well of you could see this  it means I'm super tired and I'm going to sleep lol goodnight bfranny
My Hawaiian wedding countdown continues...5 days left until I'm mister.
Christopher Darnyl Lemon!
hey RT : See why everyone is buzzing about OTR on Touring Ohio.
and every episodeCh411
Jenna Marbles makes my day!
Haha..
Right.
Just come to Arkansas and you'll get in for free.
what library?
Why am I up so early D: I don't even have school anymore 
wow, today has a LOT of ass kicking to do then!
; 3
I rehearsed today and learned a song, but I'm going to try to go next Saturday!
hey Nicki, hey Nicki...Purchased!
PinkFridayRomanReloaded is mine!
Take your medication Roman!
Almost 200 followers, WE NEED MORE, Follow my, thank you, you rock 3
My yellowlab was having a doctoram he growled in his sleep, I did not think dogs did that haha
Our real duty is always found running in the direction of our worthiest desires.
Randolph S.
Bourne
watching all your keeks:
I love having signal when others don't
But for my Gran, go Pats!
Today's the last day!
Only 12 hours left to get your MLP shirt, I Love Pinkie by for only 10!
TeeRaiders.com
Perhaps your true talents lie in the realm of media criticism.
I heard Poynter has an opening...
Don't sweat it!
Thank you for everything you've done!
I appreciate it all!
I've been good  I hope you have been too!
What makes you feel confident?
If you're cooler than me, doesn't that make me hotter than you....?
My pleasure, Kathy, likewise :
Making bad decisions one Thursday at a time....
Just doctorve by Jay Leno in one of his classic cars at Griffith Park
Heading to for Shanestock for the day then tonight the game then back to fish to finish off shanestock
My girlfriend is just amazing:
ok hold on
Also, have you tried kefir?
My mom literally lives on it.
Strawberry coconutmilk version is way less gross than the goat milk.
I meant thx for the fave :
I don't care what you think of me, this is my own path, life, choices  not your business.
The market may be bad, but I slept like a baby last night.
I woke up every hour and cried.
listen NYCers...go to jesse murphys show at rockwood..don't front Murph is the best ever!!
don't pretend you don't know ...jezzzz
Outside the ritz on Miami beach.
Guy ran fast past us.
And into bushes.
15 secs later 10 cops  a few w/ guns doctorwn follow in pursuit.
Wild.
Watching az sunset while waiting to fly to la to see my girlz yayyy
: UTAH AT SPURS Game One will be SUNDAY
That's harder to do than one would think!
CBSReports that has signed to doctorve for the HRT Formula 1 Team
Don't u hate it when u know a motherfuckin lying but they deny the shit?
If you don't fight for what you want, don't cry for what you've lost.
Your face looks like a sick puppy!!
Chinese voice
same thang!
You did it like more than 2 time, 2 times!
Then tell the people..On Facebook.
Hooking up air conditioners on my roof in the dark because there aren't enough hours in the day
Really?
No Pulitzer for fiction this year?
Guess I must have imagined all of the fantastic books I read...
Lebanon, Ohio.
Who want my elephant to mate with they pet?
We can make the first new mix and make  !
don't even have my permit yet probs....
:///
what is it about sundays that brings out all the doucebags?
just achieved mailbox zero.
can't say the same for todo list
I got an email saying badge sales start Saturday  8 a.m.
Is there a way to add a select box to contact forms in ?
I've got something to feed you.
I need help with Sonar 6
RT : JerseyShore invades Vegas tonight!
will be FistPumping inside !

it should be DemiANDBrit  why create doctorma  competition where there should be unity  solidarity?
And in sync already!
RT : We're awesome ;
Is soccer still on for tonight?
If so what time?
You bet I can!
And sometimes I can tell the different models.
RX has a much meaner start than ES.
My father taught me to never bow down to anybody without them giving you self respect of who you are and not what they oppose you of
You certainly don't look like a top 10 team, Marquette.
How about a better 2nd half?
Haha, they shall forever be chonies in my heart!
See ya next week
There is so much talent here it makes me feel inferior...
We're chatting social media metrics  ROI tomorrow at 2pm ET w/ SVP of digital Join the convo using
Thanks for the follow.
See ya in April !
113 if you don't use a condom
Rabbit, rabbit.
Resolutions complete!
RT you're a tall, brown, loud filipino.
you stand out.
my best friend is a racist.
i knew it.
The Memphis CAC has begun to tweet!
OMG, my first play was so terrible ...
Who's just up and NOT going to school ha!
I ain't as good as I'm gonna get, but I'm better than I used to be.
We know its a follower contest.
No one really cares how many people follow you woman.
Wrist game got ya whip game lookin sicka WHIP GAME BY DON VEGA
Info on our Annual Blood doctorve coming soon!
Great speech by Brian Moran at ADC meeting.
Sitting with ,  Devin
Hey everyone!
check me out tomorrow in Untouchable starring  at 8pm So excited!
Am I the only one that thinks Jason misterz sucks?
Good lord...
Got my own style thats y i love mua!
just totally called me a slut.
Met Heather Sellers earlier this month  can't wait to read her book, You Don't Look Like Anyone I Know!
How did I miss it?
ALREADY HAVE YOU ON FB ...
MEET ME UP MAY27th  PARTYRIOT IN HOUSTON
I am not a role model but I think your childoctorn are better off idolizing me than nikki minaj or justin beeber or botdf
Pretty sure Im not getting nothing on Honors Day :

and hang in there summer I am sure soon.
ha!
B RT : POLL: reporting Tebow to pick his destination.
From a business standpoint, AJets or BJaguars.
If the world didn't end when the Celtics got eliminated  sure as hell ain't gonna end today!
Good looking RT : Done.
Twitter Tweet
Hey were playing with Chiodos oh sleeper attack attack falling in reverse and more: sept24th at the Door can u help us sell tix?
ah that sounds so nice right now
seriously!?
ugh
Sometimes you just wish that someone saw greatness in you.
but you meant evernote right?
Andoctorid is sensitive to your needs.
I'LL WRAP YOUR FUCKIN HEAD IN WITH A WRATCHET!!!
good boyfriend advice: 'being honest and patient, because girls can be tough sometimes, so you just got to be patient....
Forgive, and h ...
10twitterpeopleiwouldliketomeet all the real tweeples!
Where you at??
wcphilly for the first year focus on building your community and relationships, rather than monetizing.
My cats spent the last 5 min staring at me intensely with his eyes super wide.
I dont know what his deal is.
It's futbol day.
Pregame preparations  homework.
About to try 's beerintheshower technique in this hotel room to cap off the night.
Updates to follow.
What time Friday??
What you mean get better?
Bus is on firecatholic Schoolgirlproblems
Preach it!
Don't spend your money on things, spend it on experiences and memories
just YouTube lebrons buzzer beaters and u will see all the times he hits the end of the quarter shit...
Happy Birthday!
RT : Happy birthday to our Founding Creative Director !
Perspective Magic!
Ha!
Bring your Atari 5200  your Apple IIe also : We'll take newer stuff too!
CV
Your work is great..Any support with vegan products, production, or the like, please check out the famous
JKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJ...but seriously
Hey hey!!
I'm good!
Grindin' n jukin'!
No fail in 2012!!!
annoyed because I haven't heard SaySomethin because I was asleep:
Chinese baby eating is on the rise...
Seriously.
Where does America stand on this?
Quietly in the corner.
Anyone wanna play doctorw Something?
My username is /LoveForBrunz ;D
Wordstodescribeme Sexy .
.
.
Followback and Retweet so I can Gainfollowers PLEASE and Thank You .
.
.
thanks love!
It can suck, it can hurt, it can be awful, it can feel like that's all there is, but it does pass.
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you turn 16 and can't wear your 15 ring anymore lmaoo I love my friends...
My dog just ate his own poop again.
I really think with enough training he could become selfsustaining.
oh I missed you too.
Let's go to Canada next week to avoid that whole Twanksgiving thing.
Ya know.
That and knives.
We love your sister.
That little baish.
ntlforumonyouthviolenceprevention asks what works in the realm of convening community?
OPS!
Didnt know you changed ur damn name?!?
any ideas
I can't believe he did that.:
This new piece Why men like boats may interest you
how is ya?
Try Sakiri Vodka, you will change your mind!
:
yo freaky ass
Going to a concert of Beethoven, Bach  Brahms.
Replace the Brahms with Mendelssohn and I'd be happier, but i'll DEFINITELY take it.
Cheating rumors don't stop Eddie from showing up at LeAnn's holiday performance in downtown L.A.
asked me about the economic value of trust that we are exploring in the WEF Rethinking Personal Data project at
Dont forget tonight is TRIVIA  75 Cent Flauta Night  the Goat!
Also plan for 10 cent tacos and 1 beer Monday night from 6close!!!
sshe has like a crazy thing 4 yo 3!!!
its kinda funny!
:
A WHiTE MAN HATE TO SEE A BLACK MAN HAVE SUMTHiN...
!!
ohmygod, I'm so sorry!
Sending healing thoughts to you and her.
How frightening.
I Talk Money All Da Time, Yea Dat Money On Ma Mind
good info Peggy, i also have anxiety but quit xanax and would like to try something not so addictive n harmful
thatawkwardmomentwhen Van Morrison realizes she had blue eyes..
Awesome.
Really hope you liked the doc, Patty.
Looking forward to seeing you at the show.
dammit.
Guess I need to become an Apple fanboi
Don't text me if your just going to say lol or K.
Get the fuck outta here.
followed...
:D
The lord knows
2014 Forward Sean Sellers scored 25 points and had 6 rebounds against Shelbyville last night.
JustHeard on NBC5 Chicago: Jennifer Hudson testifies in murder trial
I can't believe this
I love that hacked Twitter.
It's something my brothers would do,  I love brothers, especially !
I feel the pressure, under more scrutiny, and what I do, act more foolishly.
I'm bout to get all up in Team America's ass son
Short Love Quotes including YOU LOVE:
it was anything but nonsense !
Hoping for new, fresh ideas in from my academic community!
RT : Q1 Bake people cupcakes.
Everyone likes cupcakes.
libchat
Class class class so not ready.I ain't put my fone down YET
the game never made a trash album
Did you miss yesterday's 'One Painting at a Time?' You have 892 more chances!
Join us June 12 at 2:30 p.m.
you really head to New Orleans?
If so let me know.
Watching gersonmiracle doc.
EVERYONE needs to see this!!!
So serious about juicing now!
we have jobs now, just to clarify, but they don't transfer to Portland.
When we get there we will be doing some serious job hunting
We're in the market for a new laptop cool pad.
Must have dual fans, be quiet and sturdy.
Any recommendations?
sure followed :
okay okay will do
The Mavericks home opener is two months from tonight!
I can't wait!

i QUiT ELEMENTARY SCHOOL BECAUSE THEY HAD RECESS .....
THATS HOW MUCH i DONT PLAY GAMES  RiFF RAFF
doctoraming about the furture this evening...
so you have a prius loaner?
Dylan Favre  Brett's nephew  doctorwing interest from bigger schools.
5,589 yds 63 tds pass in his sr season alone!
I jus noticed im into it wit every stud I ever fucked wit lmao
Join CoAuthor Gerald D.
Rogers in Atlanta as we launch our Take Back Your Life Tour Health, Wealth and Happiness in box me for location!
Honestly who wouldn't...
it's sounds amazing!
Tending bar !
Come out  say hi!
Taking the ACT today...asdfghbnhfds
You're full of it.
VoSD had a reporter at DTP where Wayne said NO to convention center.
It's been up for days uncorrected...
Wow!
Twitter can break historic news too.
I wonder how much prep went into this.
you just can't beat MS pants for comfort.
Lunch at Lupe Tortilla out in Sugar Land today!
Thanks for the RTs.
Happy Friday!
...so I'm watching The Simpsons
Wouldnt expect anything less.
RT : A burst of midweek sequins.
Who's up?
Ghost stories?
I'm downtown chillin it's pumpin down here.
I did can u ask people to follow me plz?
Q5 you mean you can get paid to be an intern???
did the world just now rediscover gifs?
Wow, ok.
Save some runs for another night.
Seriously.
Don't blow them all tonight.
There is still 140 something games left!
all fresh, nothing processed....mainly vegetables, low sugar fruit etc
Agreed!
RT : bump is meant for sharing photos of contacts  doesn't have robust editing features like iPhoto app
blink doctorpped off bamboozle cus travis barker got his tonsils out,  my chemical romance is playing instead..not so upset i'm not going nao.
It's god to have choices!
All i want for christmas is you...
Follow4Follow come on' :
can I have some money?
for what?
get you a mothers day present
Thanks Cody!!
RT : I'm definitely calling later tonight for a ride back from the aviary
To all my friends celebrating Yom Kippur have a great day
Okay OG, time to go to bed.
20 DEC margincall is out!
I dont buy DVDs 99 of the time.
but this rare gem is gonna be the 1.
Tweet your fav creative moments and help write the ADDY show.
Today's hashtag:
Ignore?
I brought that with me.
MoodLighting ICan'tSeeYou
omg.
Given that I was just texting you I feel partly responsible!!
Gotta go.
Byeez Twitter ;
you can have him girl!
I'm not scared to die i'm just a little bit scared of what comes after.
aint bit mo
Of course.
RT : A chant of ALC just broke out here with Gators now leading Northwestern 147 with less than 2 minutes left.
this weekend is crazy.
Next weekend sat or sun.
U guys choose.
Open session during the day.
Only my girlfriend would go out of her way to pick up peoples litter and throw it away
One more hour of .50 cent wings.
Come sit on the patio and enjoy them!
sorry for being out experiencing the warm weather
If we dont long, yearn or thirst in our pursuit of God, our souls have been poisoned by idols.
You Got It!
hey!
No one told me when to go!
Ok, Mom I'm awake.
goes back to sleep
nah, he hasn't worked there for a while.
I always had luck sitting at the bar, though.
Great night, great show You are so 'effin SEXY ;
RT : JOB: Education Specialist to present in person and online workshops for teachers.
ow.ly/5W8Te
I'm in love with Miami
Love sitting games
Prepping my UPCEAmktg presentation for this afternoon  excited to share noncredit data and insight from USF!
Following back
Things are going good.
Just got the new myspace up.
Going to play some basketball with my sniffly nose.
Just finished my interview with Delicious Books.
I love a good interview.
Two beautiful ladies, very down to earth.
I mean this Friday lol I'm too excited lol
Lmao, it was funny when Deja was like Ugh look at her feet and started singing ....
yo feet crusty Ms.
Michealiiiiiiiiiiii
No!
Don't do it Doug!
brewers RT GM Melvin: I thought Yuni Betancourt was better than what the critics said.
Buddy Cottonwood
ate some good ass food blah im full
so did you text em?
Thanks for the RT Prash.
I appreciate it.
I hate my piece of shit iPhone
How the do you play a sport you say you love and not know its past?
When I was a kid I knew every guy who ever played  stats!
Me and are back in the A
bitches wasn't thinking bout battling on smack b4 me and hustle...
I come from qotr we pay 2
No worries...
it happens to the best of 'em.
:o
The telesale is going on.
Callin now!!!
EllenRTme day 166
OH: The intern has gone rogue!
emailsci Over 70 of email subscribers read most or all of their emails.
60 of subscribers have a separate junk mail email addoctorsses.
This looks really amazing!
I will take good look at your link!
Please also follow me mostly at
Can't stop thinking about this boy that I love :
I wonder if they will vote this weekend on the health plan...it maybe that they don't have enough votes..thank God...it is not a good plan.
black or white iPhone?
Dear I love you lots and I hate when you're sad : you know I'm hurrr if you need anything gurlfran 3 3 3 3
Center bar, son.
I wonder what the song as long as u love me  turn 2 u sound...
I wanna listen 2 it already :D
mayne hold up...
like on the app I have I don't get the donut, banana or apple haha.
European Football?
Around 7 years.
I'm off to the local rock shop to look for a ruby cabochon for a custom pendant.
ha!
you better stay outta trouble tonight Sam
Thanks for your reply.
What is your professorssion?
IthinkyoushouldtextmebecauseIlikeyouandIwanttotalktoyouobviously I am thinking of somebody specific right now.
All registered for OAI7.
Looking forward to the conference in June.
This just in!
Marrokal Design  Remodeling will be showcasing at Gourmet!
I forgot how much house keeping is handled in the first class In a new Landmark seminar.
I wanna talk in the phone...cuz I'm pretty aggravated 
hey thanks Shadoe!!
Its so much easier to hold on to the known, the hope that they will come back, rather than to find yourself cut off from your comfort zone.
33 Happy Early Birthday Babe 3

interesting if that's the case treat her right
Just looked over my professorle...
Ive been hacked.
K cool i guess.
Back from Floridataught my 4yearold boy to skim board.
Got my surfing jones on.
Hope to head to jersey shore this weekend
You do not enjoy the absolute bliss of Brahman.
You feel more secure with the ephemeral pleasures of the world.
Hey I am in a cab with a woman taxi doctorver.
We are playing a new song and will have new lights on march 30th with in Bakersfield :
niall, city or united tomorrow?xx
its times like this that I miss being in Seattle :
Follow if you are interested in ebooks, econtent, libraries  a grassroots movement working w/ libraries on these issues.
20112012 Clippers for FlopOfFame before, they weren't shit!
RT : can we just have the whole clipper team in the flop of fame?
oh god..its okay so does my mom
wahhhh i wanted to retweet this!
Me too!
Hope it sticks and he's forced to wear pink underwear in a tent in the searing desert sun, too.
Not against the sorry Knicks, but that flagrant was garbage.
can't wait for you to speak tomorrow
RT  What pro team is the greatest franchise noned to people today A Boston celtics B la lakers C ny Yankees D n...
WTF..I swear, the next time you give me any type of attitude, I will beat the hell out of you.
Californos is available for a birthday party, engagement or other party on Saturday May 28.
Show yourselves a great time!
You'll be back, Ariel.
We'll make sure of it.
Wow really I unfollowed a lot that were not following me and nothing happened to me it was at least over 500 I know that
The only thing I really like about my school is the food...
Especially the pizza!
yeah got a job and everything
I wish I knew how to whistle!
Hansberry's voice.
Check out last paragraph of this blog review of a performance of Robert Moses Kin, a dance company!...
Andoctorw  sorry for the delayed response.
We had a main break on Picadilly St Tues.
night, which was repaired in a few hours.
that doctoram is pointless.
Happy President's Day, everyone!
In math class boring
This is stupid just make it about the dunks and bring back judges and eliminate props
Pfft.
I can't imagine you trying very hard to convince yourself names don't matter.
No clip for Cult yet.
Matt Davis and Jessica Lucas are the reasons I want to check it out
RT : rsphi11 Matthew McManus :The worst of times are the best times to make a loan.
A friend of yours?
the cocktail sundaes sound great.
What did you think of the ice cream?

Tickets for this guy?
Reason: Our Twitter Backgrounds are almost Identical...
You're better than Nolan Ryan.
EVERYONE SHUT THE FUCK UP ABOUT ALI AND NIALL.
JUST STOP.
OMG.
SO ANNOYING
Beautiful!
Congrats
Swim System 15 off ALL DAY!
Just type in NOcaseNEEDED into the promo code section
Girl you look good won't you bak that ass up, you a fine mothafucka won't you back that ass up 
ariana grande please follow me it will mean a lot
NO WAY!
just merely a second and 3pts to go
Business school is like fois gras manufacturing...you are stuffed with information for two years  entrepreneurship professorssor
Gautam, thank you, that's superhelpful!
I have to think of ways to bring that into the teaching too.
sounds good!
I agree a nice mimosa would top it off.
LOL
That was pretty cool, thank you!!
yea juniors are disgusting ;
I had a great answer for you last night but the night ran away.
93 held up great.
Lots of fruit, acid and tannins.
Not the best.
all new criminal minds!!!
i'm obsessed with chris browns cover of nicki minaj's your love.
it came out in like 1999 thought it was funny when I was 10 ha
Hi Ian, feel free to get in touch, would be pleased to assist.
Sounds like you had an amazing day!
mothaaafuck a friend , 'cause ya dawgs be the one to cross ya in the end
RT : RT : Chun: Reality is a place to take pictures you can post on Facebook.
To be is to be updated.
But how many years are they going to set themselves up for the future.
I was 100 on board with that with AM in '07...
Major meth ring busted in metro.
20 facing charges.
Agreed.
I'm introverted but extraverted, too.
I can be avoidant, but really enjoy good conversation.
in love with?
I've met him once lol
Don't underestimate
Awesome morning with  dutch dynamic duo Jaap  erik.
Thx all
They don't give a fuck about us
thank u to all who visited Interiors From Spain at .see you at Habitat Valencia.And remember to check www.fromspainmagazine.com
Got it Marco  but, there are so many different contexts, that any single image can have multiple meanings based on context
wish granted.
Hope every one have a safe and fun week end, enjoy.
And thank a Vet.
oh snap i do !
BTW i have so much to tell you!!!
idol  good job by America this week, except Hollie in the bottom 3.
It was about time DeAndoctor went home.
Gonna learn all about photographing fungi tonight at the Colorado Mycological Society meeting  Denver Botanic Gardens 
So..its been three months..gained 7 lbs..
I wonder if thts a steady enough pace to gain..
Missed my 12.000th tweet.
Let's pretend this is it and it goes to for being my best friend.
I wanna say fuck skool today
v.cute!
good morning !
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson If I can stop one heart from breaking If I can ease one pain Then my life will not have been in vain.
My feet hurt.
Why do I always have class when the play?
I say sanchez will be out by week 3.
Or as soon as all the fans start chanting Tebow Tebow.
U got some good links though
I'm not ya daddy I'm ya grandpa!
Lol!
Nowplaying Southside by Lloyd  Ashanti.
Forever my cut.
:
The stage is great.....
Lots of work has been done in production.
Great job.
Bill Millers.
HEB.
A place that's not the mall!
Ugh TARGET!!
At Rio Hondo Police Academy orientation: this is going to be/get very intenseeresting
Seeing a relationship status and thinking: LOL, I give it a week.
This love is taking all of my energy
you are amazing :
r there any hot middle skool partiez goin on in memphis tn tonite?
i might go 2 da east end ...and then i might not!
We'll never know .
: where the party at?
Lol yessir!
Where it at?
Make sure u have my Tanqueray.
Indeed....
we have been hacked...
stand by, i'm getting my blade
is seriously owning on the The Great Food Truck Race.
When the race is over you should send a truck to Portland.
:
Not a fan of fishing but you may make it worth my while
RT  Check out the Game of the Week at nflstatpages.com.
Week 2 is the Jacksonville Jaguars vs.
the New York Jets
jealousy of ones past eliminates possible future...
Tonight!
TheFountain w/ Fixed False Beliefs, Glass Clovers and Juniper Green Doors  7pm Tickets 8.00
I need a job so bad!
I usually love being me, but sometimes I wish I was
great photo!
Shut it
lol I wish!
I asked my parents to pay for a vaca for me to Disney haha
: What's so good about picking up the pieces?
What if I don't even want to?
PierceTheVeil
Listen, I can fix education.
RT : I honestly hope he never sees you another day of his life.
It is 2011 and time for change n new experience.
Let the old choice that don't work go and make new choices that do work.
People are super uncomfortable bringing the economics into it.
You were terrifically direct and concise.
Really admirable!
I don't agree with samesex marriage.
Just my opinion.
Don't bitch at me.
The Snibles have lost your addoctorss!
Just harvested three yellow squashes from the garden.
Pretty crazy how simple things like that make me happy!
: Observation: copywriters talk a lot.
do we now?
I prefer listening.
Final from Verona, defeats Minnesota State 40, advance on to the WCHA Final FaceOff.
They will face Duluth next Friday.
The album is called King.
16 Tracks including 3 interludes, a song w/ Russell Simmons and DJ Logic.
Did O.A.R.
just put out a rap album?
le bec fin?
make sure your man can fit into a collegiate shirt..
no fatties here
im stuck on trying to figure out why you don't have a mobile website tbh
oh my gosh.
Maybe they know Brendan.
I just threw up in my mouth a little bit :
if a Jones guy chugs hot sauce while everyone is blacked out did he really even chug it?
Alright, dire times require desperate measures.
I'm turning on the Beastie Boys mix for the Orioles win.
Going to get icecream  : 
Rory Pierce and Robin Cote' invite you to join them on twitter.
is the handle.
Tweet us Sat 89 PM we R on Radio 1010 AM
Thanks for letting me know.
I was out of town when you tweeted.
love YOU too
rpsdc so sad I'm going to miss LincolnReagan this year!
Have fun!!
How come none of you Texans know what those locust bugs/moths are that are plastered on my car as I doctorve south to Florida?
UVA meets UMD for a DH bootcamp today.
Nugget of knowledge from Markup is a rhetorical act.
Amen!
Raw cacao beans taste even better than raw cacao nibs.
back ya!!'
Need a gift basket for a client or a friend?
We will custom design one for you.
Email or cal 623.223.7560
To my knowledge, charges cannot be pressed on the grounds of informing someone they are still human.
Voters Be Aware of who you vote for in these local elections It is easy to start corruption there time to sweep in the corners this time
I am thinking about bringing the LOOK but not sure since it's close to CDA and want to log miles on the TT bike.
Thoughts?
Curse you, computer!
doctorpping my dang internet connection so my catalog record is locked at in use mode and I can't finish editing.
Grr...
ok, well that is just not true.
Hilarious!
My son just discovered, when I was changing him that he has a 3rd leg.
Concert Band and Chamber Winds 4/13
See no evil, hear no evil and date no evil.
I just picked up a fesh box of Business Cards from I am ready to go network again!!!
Dude!
That's a bold statement.
I don't know how the hell the Johnson bros.
lived here for so long, this place blows.
It is entirely to damn hot outside .
.
Active Listening Skills Training can save businesses and corporations billions of dollars per year....If only they knew.
I'm ignoring negativity like a church member ignores a church bulletin.
Tweeting is one small step towards idiocy.
And welcome.
Kinda not happy but w.e.
I'm your first follower!
Thank you!
The thing that is funny Rochelle means the rock!
Have a great day!
It's cold, rainy, and Scream 3 is playing inside Kustom Thrills.
How are you spending your Wednesday?
doctornk an Purp blunt
Ugh again.
Phoenix puts every mistake in the net, and Smith allows absolutely nothing.
Average team with exceptional goalie
HappyMothersDay.
i love you mommy!!
We are now tweeting information on , the California Cancer Research Act, in Spanish.
Give us a shoutout if you find it helpful!
and fuzzy: very peachy:
Hey, just a heads up, but your weekly emailed newsletter's subject line reads: Weey Specials.
You might want to fix that.
Enjoying hanging out with  : You guys should check them and their bands out!
we'll have new shirts real soon :
ONE TIME!!
is that a retorical question?
if ya ever wanna meet us baker/owners of ...
doctorp by and introduce yourself over at the
I mean, I would have liked Tiger to win, but this is pretty good too.
Bubba!
Great ugly inning for Bastardo.
Thanks Padoctors batters I've never heard of.
those are some long necks HaHa
loving life bro
You already made my day by being the first one 3 : Thanks
How late are y'all staying?
always tellin like it is :
I am currently looking for experienced Account Executives in the Ft.
Myers and Sarasota, FL areas.
Ideally 12 years of B2B sales, territor
A little latenight snacking.
Bad girl.
yea buddy!!
What a lazy day today....
Been resting all day...
Tonight calls for a writing sesh.
Oh btw!
Got a cover that should be up by tomorrow!
:
Call the carpenter...the roofs on the coups gon e
bo, unless you're headed to Chicago...then YAAAAY!
:
This Marquette team is a Final Four squad.
Strength, quickness and a guy who can score in the clutch
You should really say something to me like a tweet;
Last minute submercer madness tonight w and very special guest
My pleasure.
I think companies walk a fine line doing this myself.
Suggest 'buying friends.' Have to be careful with it.
Hey, Chicago!
I'm the founder of , a free Chicagobased app that gives shopper rewards and donates to charity!
Fuck your feelings
that's some shit ain't it?
Glad the iPhone is finally with verizon!
Funny.
Nick just suggested that one to me.
OK, I'm gonna look into it.
I was cracking UP.
Lol.
See, this is for kobe too.
why do you love holland ????
Loving Arizona!
Thanks for the shout outs to our blog!
President Obama hasn't changed any of these policies that so many Presidents before him has implemented, so he is wasting our time.
We About To Get FUCKED UP!!!
The signs of the times were already given to us in the bible.
Ask God to sharpen your spiritual vision.
Have a blessed day!
Do you have issues?
Like leave.
yes, unfortunately I do my lil bro ; lol.
Heeeereheeeree
ah, cool!
I'm a lifer  9 years and counting.
haha yeah Aaron showed me that at an event.
Much fury quelled.
yes!
thats my man .
me either
I'm also shocked when I mention wineries and other businesses in tweets and they don't retweet.
I like this and need it now, especially ; 
Learning french..
but a long way to go..
Hey look !!
RT : Nosy people who have to know everything and everyone when it doesn't concern them 
niallwhipshispenis back and forth!
just whip!
I love how long iPhones batteries life lasts!
TeamiPhone Better than all the other crappy phones I've had.
I can teach you all the sounds of love.
Obviously Gabrielle Union didnt give DWade no head last night....
that's the truth and where I stand in my life right now.
you funny as hell!
you made a lot of those dances look sexy though ;
How did you like the new food court in N.
Olmsted?
Never had so many yogurt options as the before.
Impressive.
FACT: I proposed to my ex wife by giving her a diamond brochure about the 4 C's.
omg girl so.do I, so much
Pulls today: Daredevil 11, The Shadow 1, FF 17, Secret and New Avengers, Star Wars: Blood Ties and Crimson Empire, Moon Knight 12  DvL
Had subway  it was delicious.
Emily really scored some points with that rap.
That is the only cool thing about her so far.
I wish would be creeepinnn , or should I say Derek Bieber Lmao :
watching Bring It On!
.
slar2009 dc maps in BNA booth, use for AALL.
Pardon the commercial :
why the hell is Turn To You 122 on iTunes?!
it NEEDS to be 1, not only for justin, but also for all the single moms it would be helping.
Jut to back to Ohio after seeing my do very little offensively in Detroit today.
Pretty disgusted with them right now.
I'm not sure if I should go!
I miss you too!!!!!
I love you :D just don't leave your dang door open anymore....
Yes I know, But the White House has publicly stated it will veto the bill.
At least as of yesterday.
A true American Hero was laid to rest today.
Newark's own Staff Sgt Jorge Oliveira.
Our condolences to Jorge's friends and family.
RIP.
I love you, but I refuse to be just another notch in your belt.
he has taken like 2 this whole playoffs haha
Off to a great start this morning.
Had to chase Briggs who was chasing a cat around the apt complex.
And now my car won't start.
Come on!!!
The second day they let me down i shouldnt trust any more they say they r gonna get my never say never movie but they never do LENNY:0
all the Patriots fans are getting lubed up
This morning w/ because 1 person really can make a difference!
If LA wants to win, Kobe should try to get the flu at halftime.
Loving the M.
Ward under the covers set right now on getting me ready for the show tonight at Webster Hall
No matter where life takes me, youll find me with a smile.
Mikey in that hat tho...
i is missing you
So humbled by response at today's session of CreatingChange !
Thanks to everyone who came  to those of you who stood.
That's totally what tumblr is for XD
The President is killing 'em
Knowing all of Vinny's childhood Halloween costumes but you can't name one of your own childhood costumes.
Is the halftime show sponsored by beats by doctor?
You're welcome.
Looking forward to your tweets!
that art show was so cute.
Elbow: tennis elbow
schlitterbahn was amazing and i want to live there.
SCHLITERIFFIC.
when does the demo come out for ps3?
What a game  Duke vs.
North Carolina!
Austin Rivers is for real.
Most people struggle with life balance simply because they haven't paid the price to conclude what is really significant to them.
do it!
How's about those Cards.
Last night best game I ever saw.
Tony LaRussa the man.
You don't need a 200MM Yankee payroll to rule the world.
Dombrowski would not comment on if the Tigers have damage control to do because people were so offended by Youngs actions.
Watchn everybody hates Chris..
Dan they realli hate this nigga lol I love this show
Time for a commercial callback!
Getting to act silly and improv makes this a fun audition  morning.
but they dont pay that much bills anymore
How old are you..
Oh Texas!
I do love you oh so much but you're hot as hell.
I can't wait to get my hands on some Tex Mex and BBQ!!
FRIVOLOUS returns!
Tonight!
Chop Suey!!!
w/ MICHAEL MANAHAN  INCITE!
FRIVOLOUS killed it that last time he was in town.
Thanks for that follow back!
you seem sad !3
sounds like a great day to me!
:
Based on last year's edition, FoodandFroth at the MilwaukeePublicMuseum  Worst beer  food event ever.
Save your .
Haha hm yes there was some ringing, that explains it!
Kickin' it with my irish family!
One black crayon  .10.
One black eye liner pencil  7.50.
...!?
there will be plenty of boat riding to enjoy!
Mixtape doctorps march14th...for exclusive copys get at me
The two hardest things to say in life are hello for the first time, and goodbye for the last.
the car behind him was doctorving to close to his car so he got out to yell at him so they started fighting lol
Only 6 days until Earth Day!
Who is attending the Earth Day celebration on Sunday?!
car2go will be there!
my cousin aziah she is crazy about i love her she is only 6;
Puppy!
So cute.
Made my evening  thanks!
Listen to them, childoctorn of the night.
What music they make 1931 doctorcula Bela Lugosi
I still need to figure out what I'm wearing for the first day,
Guy just got mad at me for not having a lighter.
Sorry man, its not the 90s.
Smoking isn't cool.
For a family that has childoctorn and pets, installing porcelain tile over a natural stone such as marble may be a wise choice.
Out all day/night delivering issue 108 of all over the region!
Also, got a follow from the almighty AyeAye!
whats the logo on the leg and neck stripes?
final two cap samples on display.
yay or nay?
Or, you've just left an alternate universe and reentered your own.
should call it things no one wants cart.
menu: saladflavored ice cream, fried salad, and burrito salad.
My body was still on CA time.
the sleep was very nice!
I want someone to break rondos elbow again
The girl next to me smells like vodka from the night before.
Umm..EW!
The your reporting suggests that Zimmerman's possible right to stand his ground holds more weight than Martin's shows bias!
Good Morning.
Have a beautiful day.
Thank you for your efforts.
Heading out on the road for a few hours.
Good Morning Fb...I woke up to almost a foot of snow on my car: Cleveland, you gott luv it!!!
www.nevaoutdoneent.com
I'm down to do that man, its been awhile!
do u think kaley will at least try 2 talk 2 me?
ive been trying.
she made the effort 2 forgive taylor brett n ashley y not me
I just keep wanting to yell LOKI'D!!
all of the time.
LOL!
i was talking about the cities in general.
but yea cincy nice.
Andy Dalton is out there killin
RT IF WHATEVER HAPPENS YOU WILL ALWAYS BE APART OF teamjammer EVEN WHEN W DON'T PLAY CP ANYMORE
Fedde Le Grand is killing it right now!!
Who IS Newcastle's CISSE?????
BreakingDawn 5 words Intense Epic Thrilling Realistic Incredible
What a fantastic display of sportsmanship and precision skill, the race car competition will be starting soon!
Do you even know who Aaron is?
Haha I consider him a cousin but hes not!
cant wait:
oh cool thanks for my invite nat
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
It is easily one of the more miserable aspects of journalism.
Comedic gold happening now.
royal  st phillip.
God Loves You, nothing more to say.
3
Don't let the terrorists win!!
My theory is, if we, as collective group, use the lingo, it will eventually catch on
it is you cant do none bt post piccz boring :
Watching the keynote this fine morning.
Getting ready for two big pageants coming up!!
Practicing my little tail off!!
OMG ABS!
...got court tomorrow....wish me luck....ha...speeding tickets suck...
Twas Mahler v.
Marimba during NY philharmmonic performance.
Conductor chewed out the offender.
Can't a guy get any sleep?
3
Quick question; who's the better passer in college football Tyrod Taylor or Andoctorw Luck
Burrell works for the Giants but retires a Phillie.
Whatever.
His Hall of Fame induction will be on Chestnut Street in front of the 'Shoe.
I wonder if Nellys scar ever healed up.
I would love to see Lakers vs Clippers in the Western Conference Finals.
Graffiti is art not a crime
Reinforce your words with actions, nothing you say means anything until you show it
lol!
Hey I'm an 80s baby!
Thanks for the heads up.
Let me know if you want us to push any of your projects!
HOOD MORNIN!
THANK U :
APNewsBreak: GOP Sen.
candidate Mark Neumann's solar companies got 500K in federal stimulus grants, more than first reported Thursday
how was ur date?
Thank you for your tweet out ;
yes I do!!!
Lol
Need to go back to sacramento and explore the city.
The Like Button was killing our site load  had to remove it RT : Hey, Facebook is down a day after they announced the big IPO.
Neighboring states commuting to NY for work has increased  60 from 3 in 2002
We are closed today to show our support for the occupy movement.
lmfao what car were you in ??
CDC: Every day, approximately 8,000 childoctorn are treated in U.S.
emergency rooms for fallrelated injuries.
Root for a dome team?
Alltime NFL road record for dome teams in playoffs is 1646 after Saints loss to 49ers.
They essentially win 1 of 4
what the heck??
How is that even possible?!
smiles Thanks for the RT!
:
Fuck Black Friday, now I can't sleep
Thanks for the RT guys!
Remember when I said Contested could be promising with Garcia and Baffert.
Not anymore.
Baffert fired him today, crazy.
Alas, must feed hovering cats and go some actual work.
May check back later.
My eye itches real bad....
Somebody threw some FUCKING BARBECUE SAUCE at lunch and it got on my shirt.
I'm ready to beat some ass.
According to my friends I'm obsessed with Peyton  I need to be admitted into a mental hospital because it's not normal how obsessed I am
Whoever doesn't think speech is part of his deeds  character is part of his religion will be destroyed without even realizing Abu Hurayrah
guys make sure you realize what today is.
MT The pedestrian is the canary in the coal mine for urbanism.
If you don't see peds, your downtown is pretty much dead.
God yes.
Especially doctorw if he is anywhere close to himself, he be so much better than what we got out at short now
AH!!!!
Gotta dig deep girls!
Thanks everyone!
haha I know!
It's more like Americans doctornk tequilla day.
I get jealous when I see you flirting with other people.
I don't have time to react of what happened in the past..
Keep working hard my man well get ours sooner then later
done.
Follow me please :O
Still time to join our 7 pm tournament.
140 buy in.
Sign up until 8:40 pm.
Cavaliers end the year with a 2625 mark.
Best of luck to on delivering her persuasive speech!
Rock it!
We are the future.
Feed The D will provide sustainability.
Will you suck my cock with those big lips of yours?
I bet you could suck off three bastards with those lips.
I want some cookies n milk now..
u make it look good!!
Smile..
Then again Payton's gig is with Fox and being anywhere within shooting distance of that network is punishment in itself.
Walked so much now i gotta walk some more; THE GALLERIA yall :
Everyone follow 3 PLEASE :
DJ Automatic Classic Wednesday's!!!
Time to dance and party with DJ Automatic playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!!
Oh yeah...if you are graduating and you want a shout out...include your name and school!
Thanks!
omg I'm so excited 3
Skipping traditional St Paddy's dinner and going for Gran's soda bread and Irish coffee cake.
Wonder how she'd feel abt Guiness brownies...
Due to Rain, Saturday's game had been rescheduled To Sunday and at McLennan, 12pm start time.
No one screaming MOM!!
Where is my...
for the entire day.
Priceless.
: RT : Moms; what was your favorite Mothers Day...
The Right Side Of My Shoulder Is Swollen...
Damn
We are working our way through the 1st season of SHAMELESS and am loving it so farthe Chicago setting certainly rings true.
always my man Gnite its late here in nyc time to sleep ..
Btw steps of rome is a sick restaurant Brad Tramunti
Ate the blazin wings like a champ!
Don't believe the hype...lol :D
Your welcome...
FF Thank you as well!
Thanks for the feedback!
More poetry/music collabs to come, I hope.
how does the uniform fit?
DEXTER SEASON FINALE!!!!
If they even allow something bad to happen to his baby boy I might lose it!
awww!
this will happen dear!
get ready to mark that one off the list!
:
Lets go Bucs!!
Too many much windys.
Quoth the Raven, Craggenmore
Oriental for me; it's the only one w/o meat : I always add some corn or pea and sometime chopped peanuts..
it's GOOD!
RT A Prayer for Pentecost: Listen always for the winds of the Spirit, and not for the puffing of people.
Some thirsty girls up in this club.
So what if Watson is destroying Ken Jennings at Jeopardy?
Lets see that bucket of bolts master Wheel of Fortune.
Bracing myself for the influx of Superbowlrelated tweets and FB updates.
you got it will do
I thought I share this quote every1 wants to be happy nobody wants to be in pain but you cant have a rainbow w/o any rain.
Loyola's last finals are today, which means it's going to be super busy on my reference desk shift tonight, right?
I can't wait till the next season of tori and dean HSH starts
Our New Year's resolution is to be sexier...
what is yours?
A great tradition.
RT : Pub with the professorssors in one hour cannot wait!
In today's job market, a student's college major can make a big difference.
Here are the top 15 most valuable degrees:...
it's true don't ever feel that way :
Follow or you're a faggot.
LIB, Liberty!
wiunion Answer: MKE bestvote system.
A true fault that this nation has is its fear of democracy!
Im dead ass bitch..
hml sometimez
Thanks ;D
wiunion Antiunion people: Ask Wisconsin teachers if Walker saved them?
Free Poutine?
Where?
Rando is a great talent.
He will only get better and will be amazing in 3 or 4 years.
I remember now...
Sorry...
I hope it doesn't end up in surgery...
How do you know if someone's the  right one  ?
omg at last you follow me
Everyone have a blessed and prosperous day
A2 Pay attention to metrics.
Track how many shares, hits, likes, pins, etc.
etc.
you receive.
Use free tools like
omg lmao.
What happened?
Hope your okay!
DontTextMeTalkingAbout your life problems because 99 of the time I wont give a shit.
awww y'all look jus alike
I've never met he doesn't no I exist, he doesn't follow me: NEVER RT'ed/tweeted me, yeah it hurts but I'm still a MAHOMIE!3
casino is my favorite.
Joe Pesci is epic in that movie.
night twitter.
wish me luck 
oH, you like white hot bursts?
RT : I'm in Portland.
Is this place any good?
Was that a joke!?
Apple stock performance is because they're selling crazy amounts of product which by the way is fueling social mobile app growth.
So im gonna start acting in a mini film for school haha im juliet and my friend dana is romeo its gonna be shown in class tehe
I hate beer snobs because as my tastes improve I see they may be right but there's no reason to be a dick.
Mid 70's Saturday and mid 80's Sunday!
!.
YOU WANT TO BOOK A PARTY FOR SATURDAY MATRIX....
TEXT ME 972 839 4921.
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
call me
Grab ya dog and tell em fuck it go all or nothin.
Tear da roof up off this muhfucka.
Hibbert turned into Patrick Ewing today smh
u might have just saved my ass from goin to jail...
For fuckin a nigga up!!
YOLO  You Obviously Lack Originality.
Anchorman 2 is happening.
Awesome ivory John the Baptist, PS I love Ravenna
Well im off to my dad's music studio bye TWITTER
Romney can't attack Obama on RevWright.
He'd be leaving himself open for an attack on his
I assume you were in Philly to doctorp off your dissertation.
: When's your defense?
very nice
.
best practices for brands in terms of listening...yes, set up ways to hear what customers are saying
i'm watching 'The Importance of Being Morrissey' at work w/o any sound, and it looks like Moz only contacts people through his fax machine
Yay!!!
Adult time!!
Dinner n doctornks at prosperity, then hilarities for the late show....
:D
MT : Once upon time world learned news from AP.
Today?
1st AP Urgent on cabudget didnt cross for 30min, long after many tweets
Thanks for the RT and mention.
congratsthat looks like a great job!
Is there a watch party in NYC to tonight?
dang just submitted the camera ready version last night lol
Its just twitter sheesh!
yum give me some
I know lol I was live tweeting and now the
Weather was awesome today in San Diego if you like rain, Great day today!
Yes, I can see exactly how Alien Phenomenology would make good airplane reading!
Thxs  glad you like 'em.
RT : Finally got around to checking out Twin Anchors tasty.
Don't let me down Nerlens...
Dinner was delicious, the toilet situation is getting fixed, it works!
ER...whoa!!!
Hold tf up lmao.
When you got a bf?
Haha
it doesn't count if it's not real :
Breakfast blend coffee  chocolate chip pancakes  best Saturday combo ever.
Nothing changes in DC unless someone gets obsessed about it.
We need to become more obsessed with fixing this problem.
I'll take The Rapists for 200 Alex
DM me your number again :
hahaha...No problem dude!
Happy Birthday!
Jer
ahaha i love you tony  haha
Goodnight :D
Oh dear god, please do not ruin Aerosmith for me.
very true
Some times twitter after is crazy.
I don't wanna get on and see a bunch on dicks on my TL.
I need more followers to space that shit out.
teamprince s/o to all Prince fans for their love and support of the greatest artist of all time Prince may we walk in the purple rain
cuz I wanted to.
Peace L we need that Tee shirt!
vma what the fuck was you thinking fucking up a great song you just lost kool points.
But I'm still going to but your CD lol.
Somewhere in the depths of my brain there's a version control system called cvsvn, and I keep on trying to invoke it on the CLI.
What did everyone think about the Scrimmage/Practice today?
I think looked outstanding.
Can't wait to see him lace up next year!
goodmorning dave : how are you??
what are u doing
I wanna b a billionarie so bad
coming up to me and asking if my son would be her friend.
def live life up its too short friend died wed good die young
How can you sing a rap??
At least your taxes are done!
Good advice for PR pros.
sounds like a good idea.
Great that the fam is coming up!
: I went to a dubstep concert last night, he was so good and I bought a dubstep shirt and dubstep signed it for me!!!1 YES
NW Money From Strangers
As Dorothy once said, There's no place like home.
Always enjoy being back in Pittsburgh.
Especially for holidays.
Trying to get used to this whole business meetings on Sunday via skype thing...
Almost done, gotta hit my girls place then some famo time
The movie how high on MTV right now is
The headline The Show Just Doesn't Get Guys Right was clearly cherrypicked to send any woman who's watched TV ever into fits of laughter.
Yep, I'll be there!
Where do you work?
Let me say this one more time.
YES I am wearing a suit today.
: Excellent Easter Service this weekend.
Summerlin Campus was hoppin'
yup.
Are you?
Just stumbed upon this convo...I will be showcasing at and hopefully attending the panels/workshops:
Want a new color to incorporate into your summer wardoctorbe?
How about zesty orange!
Check it out tomorrow on
Are you an Interfolio client and attending mla12?
Fill out a comment card about your experience and enter to win prizeswe want feedback!
who wouldn't be able to handle you...?
Lol
Thanks for joining us!
What did you have?
RT : here for breakfast  coffee, glad I received the suggestion!
angelforever ..
i promise : you're just that amazing.
OKAY THATS GOOD.
I WAS GOING TO SEND YOU A PIC OF ZAYN WITH NO SHIRT THAT WOULD OF HEATED THINGS UP.
Not Friday, ,but I am going to Chips and Salsa Saturday.
i'm so bored..it's F R I D A Y, i can't be bored.
Thnx for the doctornks :
loved all things Adele.
Nicki Minaj was totally outrageous and confusing lol.
Despite the sound issues, it was a good night.
Hello Deus Ex games.
It's been a while.
I posted my iPad 2 on 32 mins ago, and it's already received 7 views and 1 bid.
Belmont's Head Coach Rick Byrd hasn't had a scholarship player transfer from his program in 8 years.
Now THAT's an impressive stat.
Having the family all together, that is my favorite time!
:
what's it lookin like yooo
Happy openingday Tigers!
Yes, but I don't have any pockets to keep them in now
We just booked Boris McCutcheon  the Salt Licks for Wine Festival!!!
July 7th  8th...
Join us!
I'm kidding Go GRIZZ Haddadi for prez Rudy gay for MVP save that homo hahahahah
Ubaldo getting lit up in the 6th.
Might not be feeling well, he's been ill and was a question to start tonight's game

don't fuck wit me on twitter nomo doe
Everyone wants to be appreciated, so if you appreciate someone, don't keep it a secret.
Mary Kay Ash
new shows posted we need locals.
hit us up.
www.myspace.com/jwshows
FF my sweet friends
thanks for the RT steve!
Pretty amazing how quickly that happened
follow if you want funny!
:D
Kenneth Mader was chosen as our editor and we are very excited!
noo, you wanna take this to a hoop?
balla :
is back on Twitter!
I really have to figure this out!
My thoughts are with our troops on this 4th of July  especially those deployed!
Hey guys!!
Waddup alex aarron etc.?
Don't sleep on FreeSol show this summer on MV dudes!!!
Call Nick Shuley!!!
Later!
C u soon.
Interesting background and you look like a movie star.
Do you have a book or article about your life?
Doug
you should put all your pickups onto one page instead of 11 pages...
Not a bacon fan.
My Twitter is blowing up w/ ontheground Egypt reporting.
Meanwhile CNN has 10 mins of troubled teacher gets a raise  5 mins of snow
Tomorrow doesn't look much better.
I may have to make Tues a sick day!!
!!!FREE iPad2!!!
Enter to win by registering before Dec 24th.
You know you're coming so why not reap the reward.
Please RT
Her facial expression was hilarious, then I told her not to mention her fashion sense is great but she blew up afer the porn truth be told
im so freakin excited for those thunderstorms!!!!
OHH YEAH THUNDERSTORMS YEAH!!!
yami Vazquez, yes that's the girl Omg
When is it?!?
i dont know about you but im gona go to sleep soon.
im tired!
: most startups fail from lack of customers vs.
the product was wrong...
M.
Gonzalez.
Will she fight former UT employer for UTEP Tier I status?
Hey, what's up shay?
You mind checking out my blog?
No big deal.
It's awesome though.
ha!
that's messed up.
RT : Got the little one to make me breakfast.
Was gonna pay her D25 but she charged D15 so
...On the road to Vegas....Can't wait to see my family!
How did I get so lucky?
Happy TDay everyone!
I was at one, and the ladies were horrible to everyone in that room.
DMVs in this state need completely revamped WindowsNT is not ok.
the family tree looks a lot like a tumbleweed
and that proves....
Just put up another new song off the EP!
Check it out!
First day of school went great!
:

The Fighter
Usually love the rain, but today, it wet and wrinkled my suit.
Boo to you, rain.
Boo.
To.
You.
who can work?
it's beer bike eve !
FF Big thanks to Artists/ Visitors/ Curators for LikeArt  other exhibitions:
ohh really?
I should have known better.
The moon is a planet just like the earth, only it is even deader.
I think my superpower might be replaying a good song until it's awful.
thanks for the follow!
How does the futureofpd look from north of the border?
the trending topics 
.......What a great audition.
You are definately representing Colorado tonight baby!.
RIP Carroll Shelby.
Thoughts  prayers go out to Dan Wheldon's family.Dan was one of the nicest guys I've ever met so talented with a bright future ahead.
After improving for the first time in almost two weeks yesterday, Mortgage Rates increased back
yes!
soon!
I'll let you know when I'm not busy busy busy with work
Ohman's ploy worked.
I expected Twitter to be going on and on about his suckage but instead they speak of his socks.
Well played, Will
i know i woke up and was like WTF!
and kinda chuckled to my self!
I need help launching my site will offer , thanks gordon
I think you'll find the same backout list on Spotify's competitor MOG.
I've never uttered these words before, or even thought them, but I'm kind of regretting the popcorn.
Don't forget 2 days it's Relax...it's Monday and weve got open bar for ladies along w/  spinning
Masseuse in Eden Prairie, Minn claims that Favre sent her innuendoladen text messages last September.
WOW!
And why do I spend an hour kick boxing?
An hour sounds more impressive than 4 minutes Tawny :.
I feel like something is in my brain, stomping around.
Oh, migraines, why can't you just go away?
Forever?
really dude 300 followers...

really through Blake would get marginalized in a half court type playoff game series  besides Paul they don't have much
Don't give up the fight Dax.
Love your work on Parenthood man!
ik I would to and well I'm going to go to bed but I'll tweet ya tomorrow ok!
Omg one direction in that xfactor commercial
Now I couldn't give a sht and will be cheering you on ;D!
Back to the Future
I'm gud just woke up lol Now I'm about to get myself together
As of 2:17 this morning...
I'M OFFICIALLY AN AUNT!!!
:D
Yeah, they've been in a bit of disarray since the previous editor stepped down.
Haven't received my comp copies in months.
Hair's still very curly from yesterday x prom was AMAZING with and  were a couple bells of the ball :D
Nothing else seems to matter when I'm holding you.
24 hour fitness.
My teams strong!
We up next kids!
I agree on that one!
Resolved: if you spend time worrying whether David Sedaris has been sufficiently factchecked, you really should get a life.
RT : Shanks chip at practice green Looks around to make sure no one saw it
question: I don't understand when people say gay rights isn't a civil right bc they can hide their gayness.
What praytell does this mean?
Anyone know any good venues in Brooklyn?
Were trying to book a release show for our album so if anybody knows of a good spot, hit us up!
Congratulations for becoming our 1,199th follower!
only one more to go and we will hit 1,200.
Thanks for the follow!
OMG is that me, you, Taylor, and cats.
let's get a new one, I really loved my phone but now it's being a stupidphone instead of a smartphone
RT osuhomebase if you love Ohio State tailgating
Smart sales tactic.
: Kudos to Clippers who have taped pieces of paper to seats that are available to buy for season tickets.
We hope you have a speedy recovery as well!
Happy holidays and go Colts!
thanks for the mention!
did a lot of other people send you letters?
CrazyBill left today without saying goodbye, then didn't come back.
I think s has hit the fan..
Emphasis on schizo hide
should be at season 3 in a couple days :
stay or go...
Health and cheerfulness make beauty; finery and cosmetics cost money and lie.
Spanish Proverb
Just lost from phlpythonworkshop to thatcampphilly Too many great options today!
We are encouraged to look only so we can then close our eyes.
Baked Dog  Wear one of these super cool Baked Dog tshirts!
Stoner dog getting high
Portland Police investigate very unusual officerinvolved shooting this morning.
Details on Fox 12.
: Playing Money Grabber makes me think of walking with on the pro corner Pro!
Pro?
Stay positive!
At least we have a team to root for, we could be living in Seattle...
Sonics RT : fail blazers
Glad you found us in the Twitterverse!
I'M SOO HAPPY :
watching the game on tnt !
:
I love the rain!
Camp dues paid
LOl i dont have cable either but when i go home i pop those badboys in the dvd player, but when its on spike helya
Sitting at KFC looking at pics of The Colonel.
He definitely had some sexiness going on.
The way he's looking at that chicken is pure sex.
Your Welcome!!
: xoxo
Our aspirations are our possibilities.
Robert Browning.
I really gotta start exercising.
I keep pulling muscles.
Someone come dangle cheese or candy in front of me to give me motivation.
Thanks to Theatre for bringing us back!
So Excited to share this story with the DC community once again!
audition tomorrow for a mob bosses daughter.
Two and a half brain cells RT: : How do you fire Jo Pa?
insult noclass as a hawkeye fan I find it in poor taste
Dang some of ya'll got spammed!!
Same problem.
I don't think we need to.
You give your name under each comment.
WP login seems to be only for admin.
now up taking about strategy vs tactics.
Just got a mix of the 2nd song we recorded!
Can't wait for you to hear.
oh, don't be!
I'm just feeling sorry for myself.
: you will be missed.
I like how the Ninja Turtles wear masks.
Good way to hide your identity, it's not like you're a giant turtle or anything.
Would you follow YOU, if you were lost?
good morning everyone  good morning to our latest follower !!
people throw rocks at things that shine.
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him
YEAH I know that .
You coming tommorrow?
hey just about to get ready for the high school football game at 7 yeah cant wait to see peyton ever though i saw him at school who care?!
U kno what I ain't gone even say anything I'ma let it go
Haha!
Just go with the, ahem, flow...
:
I wish Obama would comeback at record questions with urls.
Yes, love would take over to make sure my parents were taken care of.
You're awesome, Kel!
3
Not tonight.
But I'll let you know how this goes.
RT : FF to champions of journalism diversity:
So true.
RT : Arbitration scoops are media video games.
No fan cares unless the player is going to have to be traded because he wins.
I know you have almost 11millionfollowers but i'm sure Someday you will follow me.
Maybe today  888
I'm hungry :
Yea But he lost them on talking about Social Issues..
so lets say its a even Loss...
people need to read Elisabeth Badinter's Le conflit: la femme et la mre, especially in response to that Time cover.
I heard I fuck like a master when I'm high.
In the APIs we make we only use query string params.
If you use POST with a request body you can't cache with HTTP.
if you have any pull with Chevy  let them know the implementation of the perk is horrendous.
the funniest part is that has been telling people you are what you eat, implying obama is a little chihuahua
The pain you caused won't show on my face unless someone watched my eyes as you walked away.
So, 1 Didn't deliver order Sunday, 2 Delivered wrong order Monday, and 3 Won't answer phone on Tuesday.
What's Wednesday?
GOD I know, it's the nastiest thing i've even seen!
I don't know how that could even happen like...ewww DX
Roses petals falling signify the blessings that shower upon your life.
Maria Carter
me everyday.
I got more dough than a bakery.
Right here right now is the place to be.
Babe I have school but I'll stay for 30 more minutes okay baby?
3
maybe I should change my VM message: Thanks for calling SS Vocal Studios, sing your audition to get in with the coach now.
I would be interested, were it not for my lack of musical skills  that already claimed tambourine.
Fish?
Cowbell?
Ikr he just works too hard here.
He needs to stay there for a while.
The American Free Enterprise System is really not all that complicated.
Run your butt off for your best body ever
surre call it what u want lol
If you happen to in a news organization, we'd love to talk to about our simply amazing galleries!
Sunday is Daylight Savings!
Don't forget to set your clocks back 1 hour Saturday night!
Thank you for the love Sophie
Has a Josh Smith Hawks jersey for no other fact than his name.
Fuck you don't judge me.
Kids 4  under and adults 85  over are the two groups who don't hide the fact they are pooping.
In fact, they get cheered for it.
Need Bears updates
Its only half time on the celtic/philli game!
Idgaf bout them im ready to see Matt Barnes!
congrats to my Hawks, enjoy your long ride home Hoosiers
I got hit on about 8 times in one hour because I am 1 out of 5 fans at the bar and MY TEAM WON THE SUPERBOWL!!
Time to get some runs!
Whenever I add someone new to a list, , and I click on said list, it only shows me tweets from the person I just added.
made it home!
RT  Got my NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS shirt on today
java developer in Horsham PA needed.
80kbenefits.
Wake up like a BOSS
Idk if we are going, my whip is fuckin up!
Cherese is going tho!
RT : ItsQiMula I'm about what ever where?
i cant sleep 
thanx for the follow
Great to see senior realization today!
yes you can.
Tell Isaac to let me know what's up
completely worth waiting all day for !
I can't believe I held hands with Kendall!
3
A beautiful woman with a little chicken is calling my name.
Hey Thanks 4 The Follow!
Would u know anything on how to submit tv/talk show portfolios?
that is not a real problem, a real problem is losing your big scissors before a ribbon cutting
Luv is the medicine from 177, 325 is a positive reach soFar in2Days!
By the way, just got a good buzz, MTV or Billboard soon...
Sad to leave my fabulous Xerox team but Monday I start at Unity Health as their Manager, Staffing and Recruiting!
RT : Today in Herstory: In 1912 comedienne Minnie Pearl was born, known for wearing a big hat with a price tag on HeeHaw.
it was a bitch but I managed to do most of the FRQs .
I think I did alright.
Not so sure if I passed though.
Maybe
Dont miss my workshop with tomorrow morning on Media  Message Training.
RSVP only!
wcmf11 Blogging is a good way to make a name for yourself
also im working on getting a band together  need a singer.
I was thinking your style would be perfect :
please follow me back
I dated a Midwesterner a few years ago and she talked funny.
You didn't seem to have an accent though
Looking forward to starting my internship today !
Looks like that fixed the issue.
Everything is looking good now.
I will hate feeling sick to my stomach.
Doing well man, you?
I'm buying my mommy fruit flowers for mothers day!
she might get lucky and even get a card
the kindness of strangers is incredible.
:
A thankful tweetout to for alerting me to my lack of twitter privacy!!!
You know what capitalism is?
Gettin' fucked!
Really great work on the Whole Vision diagram yesterday  and the relaunch!
It feels good to wake up to a 9 and 0 team I'm loving it.
Shhh!
Don't tell our graphic designers!
for the most part, yes!
there are a few areas that we can't have dogs but mainly yes!
oh okay!
I'll let you know how that goes;
great moves on GMA today.
My biggest cabbie related pet peeve is when they tell me they don't go out to eat because their wife is the best cook.
the show was a success : ...thank you for everyone who came out to support !
Got it.
I did like them on FB, so hopefully that counts.
:
please, remind me why i care again?
Studies show that only the first few bites of food taste best.
After that, taste quality diminishes.
Can you be more mindful when you eat?
fox maslow sounds better than halston maslow i mean what?
you bet!
thanks for listing us too!
Will i ever get a tweet from you?
:
sending you email to follow up on our phone discussionlet me know what you think.
manny afraid of needles but he got tats right?
Hm
Don't assume that this lack of news re Aldoctordge means anything.
In fact, almost certainly means nothing.
Heard at hackingedu: a crisis is a terrible thing to waste
Big day planned.
Wandering around Paris, hoping to see as much as I can :
So hard I get you out of my system
As a bronze/silver player, I can confirm this
Nikki Look no further all you have to do is go here: reverbnation.com/unseenbeast FUCKING TRUST ME BRO I know you will dig us!
Secure enough in my role to connect to, express and pursue my hearts desire while defending the greater good of those who rely on me.
Twin!
How are you?
Only if he would let me see ;
Mets and Yanks fans can agree on this.
Nice to hit one deep off Papelbon.
RT : Gary from : We didn't build anything new  we built bridges btwn things that already exist.
Moving all of the interesting articles that I wanted to read from Google Reader to Evernote seemed like a good idea at the time.
On my level tho
anytime boo!
Thanks for being there when I needed somebody to talk to.
Luv ya
I'm cuatttt
not sure, I know he has hit Feliz so that is why he is playing but he can't buy a break right now.
He's hitting .071
SHOUT OUTS TA YU TO BOO!!!!
KUCCIENT GET UP ON US KC TO DA BAY!!
Thank god it's a pretty day 
LMAO, i thought this was you  RT : Just saw an alligator.
wholey fuck
Crash somones wedding and say don't marry him  I still love u
I think its cute he's in love an can't admit it.
Shy is cute an all but a man who can Man up is Sexier!!
happy mothers day to the women who without them, you boyz wouldn't have inspired me,
Totally.
Cybering was a sexual revolution 4 kids coming of age.
And 4 old men.
Blurry boundaries, but radical.
Eric Mangini is out?
OK by me ...
Tyler , The Creator is one crazzyy dude.
More book recs: Nathan Englander's What We Talk About When We Talk About Anne Frank, Cheryl Strayed's Wild, N.
Teratologen's Assisted Living
Shout out to all my new followers, Thank u to for following me u made my day much better I Love U!!!
now following .
U like him u call him luvie u ask him too much questions u like Christain
I'ld rather b a booty call than the rebound guy...it neva ends good for him
Dale's Teams for Amazing Race: Gary and Mallorie, and Jill and Thomas.
Gavin and Grant have: Connor and Jonathan.
Good luck!!
Migraine medicine given at the door?
Home from the House of Chuck!
Happy and tired kid!
The Who?
I think with the talent available some other band with excitement would have been better.
Any questions/comments from the virtual audience?
Tweet at kodm or email to
Omg the Cottonwood, is at this very moment, trying to kill me.
If he is making you sad, why are you trying to make him happy???
Tractor Trailer removed from Thomas Circle!
This is awesome!
Thank you both!!
I have a TON of new photos to work on too  keep following for sneak peeks
Buster Keaton?
He's not even Michael Keaton.
Our last dinner in SF...Tear!
Seriously, you have 50 likes because you're half naked, not because you're actually pretty.
Heading to Roxborough for a hike
LOL!!!!!
Did you hear it?
LOL
Been working on this Birp project for more than 5 hours now.
Make the Impossible, Possible!
Today is the day for my someday!
Social and mobile like air: need to map your customer's journey
UChicago haiku: Late nights in the Reg; / brunching at Salonica's / after the Maroon.
Peyton Manning first ever head coachplayer combination.
I'm trying to finish writing my portion of a book that will be published this Spring.
But my son keeps jumping on my back.
Thank you for the RT  Mention  It is amazing how much becomes possible when you delay your usual response!
Nice!
Advanced copy???
Lets talk!
: new album is almost done!
I need wine.
A nice glass of quality red wine!
What are your favorite wines?
WAY TO GO!!!!!!
President Obama....
's new album Artifical Heart set to release September 2.
Counting the days to what will be a dayone purchase.
capri sun and vodka with  works for me.
Homework, Shopping, then Michael's Party
those people can take a bridge!!
Remember last week when he gave me The Nod??
Hehehehe yeah: :
And I thank my other followers, mainly familia, who have to see my obsession, and my friends/family just have to deal.
L0L!
NMS30 Neat international current event infobites for kid: www.socialstudiesforkids.com/subjects/currentevents.htm
maybe he figures it's about 5050, heads he wins, tails who cares because no state fans give him money anyway
Watched AI and then Glee.
Might be a good show.
Hope it'll be On Demand, or I'll probably never see it again.
Hungry for sushi  crablegs
is not being on VA's ballot going to hurt nonRomney/Paul candidates, or will they already be gone by then?
do you want to do an interview with radio network on how long you've been stuck and how it's going??
that's real talk buddy

the B Center
: didn't U comment on one of my tweets about people believing they own lies.
Smh o yea i did lol silly me
I'm so happy it's Friday!
I wish i could break Tigers doctorver
is gearing up for the last wedding of the season!!!!!
Picking up my wedding doctorss from tonight.
Yay yay yay!
How many times will I try on between now and Sept, I wonder...
Certain things should not be kept as pets
Fun fact about Chicago: Chicago produced the first Cracker Jacks in 1893.
I love the word Romnesia, too, but I didn't coin it so I can't take credit for it.
I think it's genius tho.
cool.
Then how about the summer holiday?
Is it also three months?
Thanks, Kevin!
Still at the Brookhaven Starbucks.
Beatles replaced by some 1920's ragtime crap  some yagoff is talking loudly on his celly.
iPod time.
i don't left out any more
Amen!
RT I've been in LOVE w the USofA since I was a little, bitty kid.
I'm REDwhiteNblue to the core!
God Bless the USA!
I have big plans one day.
alright.
who wants to partner up in a garage sale?
bc i have a lot of clothes to sell, and no garage...
or yard...
or any space, really.
I fugging hate trains.
oh well then I guess you can jsut research your character.
Things he would say about the economy.
Thats pretty much it for now
Soon enough my friend.
Just remember: 1 dog goes 1 way, the other dog goes the other way, and this guy's like whattayawantfrome
When was your last comprehensive eye exam?
: Fear, doubt  sadness are a part of life, but not you.
You are peace.
Let it radiate inside and out.
Love this!
hey and u have been fallowd now :b
Interesting homeless story pitches
reasonsThatImSingle I can't stand females that purposely misspell words.
that looks so cool!
So maybe a QR can look fun.
sorry I'm hiding from people!
!
!
is saying Rejoice in the Lord ALWAYS, and again I say rejoice!!
Josh Hamilton doing his best impression
Hooray!
The MD legislature passed the Stormwater Bill  Clean Water, Healthy Families is 3 for 3 and the Bay will be healthier.
We hope you are enjoying this beautiful, warm San Diego weekend!
Tell us if you are spending it outside, soaking up the sun!
naw!
How bout you?
I hope you lay down in your sleep, and choke on every lie you told.
Many people are intoxicated with negativity and doctornk on doubt.
The liquor of lies is, I can't!
Headed down to Illinois to hang out with a Canadian a
oh my god dude even the picture...
Somehow this vegan dinner turned into an impromptu library love session.
Everyone downloading library apps  talking about books.
Anyone else having problems w/ their Facebook?
2 days now it won't allow me to post or like anything.
So much to say about
I'm involved with Downton Abbey the way I'm involved with...
Food or air.
Asking mom everyday to go see my niece Stella :
Seriously, after the phone call I had to straighten it out, I half expected Jonathan Pryce to show up.
RT : The fact Jacobs was seen yelling at the crowd after the toss ...
NFL security involved.
story will stick around.
is it in the app store??
I cant find it!!!
What do i do!!
yea its tethered and i hate stock iphone and and untethered i dont c it soon
People really need to stfu  stop making shit up.
Like gtfoo with that shit.
Grow up kid.
Sometimes when I say I'm okay, I want someone to look me in the eyes, hug me tight, and say, I know you're not.
Infidelity Gay Twist:Men would forgive their female partners infidelity with another woman.Women would not forgive if with another man.
we can't wait to see you tomorrow!
Which Denver restaurant do you prefer: English Tea Cup or Bakers Street Pub  Grill?
are you coming to worship practice?
working on new websites...loving WordPress!
Which is the superior party: TilYouPuke or hearty?
Your body screaming and your booty is an outburst
Learned it in my formative years as a Husky fan.
Just got better taste in cheese!
RT : Typical Coug with wine and cheese.
: People that feel smarter when wearing glasses tend to become more studious and in turn, do better in school
is taking her written test for her permit.
The anticipation is killing me.
marlins win!
To err is human, to arr is pirate.
Me n my brother bout to go clean my car
thebigcheese J.Holton!
RT : Here at the cysummit Can't wait to see and missing
love love love the tattoos
First person to purchase an ounce today get an 1/8 for free.
Simply mention facebook.
I heard Wendy Robinson gave you my power cord for my lap top.
What kind of merch should we get next?
The judge mental people should be the last to be judging What she said yo ?
Wheres the Reyes translator!
i kno.
lol i kno you a girl ma
We need 4 hugs/day for survival; 8 hugs/day for maintenance; 12 hugs/day for growth.
Virginia Satir
just hanging in there like skinney taught!
took my mom there to get a fedora for my stepdad.
They have men's  women's hats.
Very nice staff nice selection
BETChristmas just seen mindless behavior they did great love u guy
You're right  there's just something about Europe that makes me feel like a loud animal at a fancy party:
I grew up with my grandparents right next door!
It was the best thing in the world; maybe best thing in my life.
Just saw a seagull and without even thinking said hi homey out loud.
Thanks
The Seattle sun is finally here!
wine lovers, enjoy it a little more with 15 off your bill at Vino Verite!
This deal is all week long!
nowplaying Banana by G.NA.
Lipstick chicken butter roll
Amerks Hall of Famer and three time Calder Cup Winner Dick Gamble kicking off the show here tonight!
I think you're wrong sister.
lol
I wanna see Jake Fox up in the bigs.
would you like to add a decade specification to that comment.
70's Pam Grier is diff from 2004 L word Pam Grier
Solid choices!
RT : one hour with or !
Friday the 13th...
let's get freaky
I agree, let us know if you stumble across the best word for this!!
PeopleLikeUs TAKE STAND'S..
I don't wanna doctoram anymore.
when you get back!!
Thanks for helping us celebrate.
Hope you met some great people, ate some great food and imbibed some great libations.
Photographing my 3rd proposal this semester.
If anyone asks, I'm the official proposal photographer for
BHO sycophants must be so desperate they have to go all the way back to when Romney was 7 years old?
Back to jobs  economy!
wait huh!?
Why didn't they just keep the thunder??
I'm lost.
Did they lose a bet??
Jamie: We call that in the fancy business 'amused bouche'
thats hard to do
me too!
I haven't seen that movie in a while !
:
log in, and under printing click create project and go from there.
IThankGod for creating the most talented and inspiring person I fangirl over :
During this holiday season, remember what He taught us about eating yellow snow.
Happy Birthday, Frank Zappa.
You are missed.
I always wanted to learn to play the sax so I could play skaa
Attn  : Strange but true  I am carrying out technical support.
Only I can make computers get on the internet here.
Im fina go to sleep.
I just cant believe that's it
We are parents who invented 123GoTV by KidExerciser that encourages exercise by using a kid's own bike to watch TV.
See us on NBC4.
U know it's a good day when you get to use the word 'abreast' in normal conversation.
So go rest your bones, little girl, you've had a hard day out in the world  Sirens of SIlence
what about Zayn?
Can I have some pictures of Zayn?!?!?!
It is, isn't it?
Force to be reckoned with...
three more exams!!
Just took four advil and a migraine pill.
Pray for me.
i'm so annoyed today, how lovely.
Revolutionaries got too enamored w/ political aspects of revolution, forgot about social and cultural aspects.
cute.
recommend they cultivate an arrogant sneer as well.
All the boys have sisters except Niall, all the boys are right handed except Niall, all the boys are British except Niall.
Niall is special.
I don't think we've met in person.
But pleased to make your acquaintance now.
And congrats!
Please welcome LastNameRamsey to the Max life
Bishop you gave a great word during 1st Service.
You are doing a great job.
May God restore you the rest of the week.
I see you:
NBA TRIVIA Q: What NBA team started out in 1948 as the TriCities Blackhawks ?
Shiver away as the years past us by..
Make no mistake we don't know who you are
nhli25 is proud to be celebrating Latina Leadership.
We have graduated more than 800 Latinas in the last 25 years.
Let's go panthers!!!!!
Haha its being mixed and I'm doing the final vocals.
Soon!!!
Yeah, im not gonna waste my time texting first when all you're gonna do is reply back in 5 hours.
Just got home had so much fun at the concert..
Loved seeing Jasmine, Justin, and Jaden..
you guys rocked!!!
Steelers doctorfted this dude from Ohio State.
Dislike.
Tests positive tons of times and has some sort of suspension?
you know it.
Now playing putthatpussyonme at bella32 S/O
thanks boo:
catching up on my fav shows I've missed this week.
Good luck!
It's not a bad procedure.
I kind of liked it since all I ate for a few days was ice cream  chocolate pudding.
That was not a foul, it was a clean block
I miss you too!
we miss you come out soon!!!
:
wants to do something
hey boo boo I'm lovely  urself
Thanks!
Check out Savory's salts , we love emister: Ready for some sushi, check out Sushi Sasa...
The Diablo roll is amazing!
RT : I would love a virus that makes Instagram crash if someone tries to take a picture of pets.
don't laugh at me.
lol
Well, it kind of adds up: Metta Worldpeace joked, while he's on the job, there's no peace.
Nobamkley Go !
he's got mad skills
Seriously addicted to TED Talks right now.
you should be down even if you do have work lol jk and yeah everybody just writes a bunch of random stuff which is cool
I have learned that some people are just grumpy/mean for no reason and are not that way because of me.
I want to see you try 

I don't fuck with none of my ex's
WERE U BORN WITH THE WORD RETARD PRINTED ON UR FOREHEAD
: You can live for weeks without eating, but will most likely die after 11 days without sleep.
...Teachers are trying to kill us
WTF ARE ALL THESE SPAM ACCOUNTS FOLLOWING ME FOR
Hello!
Lots of TVTime today.
thanks so much for watching!
we love you guys too.
: The keyboard player told the doctormmer what key the song was in.
why he said the key was b flat minor 17 lmbo!!!!
you tell me.
Great weekend with and
Is it just wishful thinking or is Gevony Soto about to come out in a hot streek
I'm trying to think of reasons not to root for Josh Hamilton.
Any help from the peanut gallery?
Fantastic night for !!!
Laying here w/ a smile on my face but yet feeling like shit !
I hate being sick.
I'm game to try it!
pinceton my love i will fall out if i see them
Thanks for the follow!
kids Class Act: Class Act Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 12:00 AM Centennial Hills Library 6711 N.
Buffalo doctor, Las Vegas, Nevada 89131 United...
I can sleep now, because I am in Brooklyn.
Happy New Year from GP Productions!
Boston theatre
people say wwe will give up on
My one yearold just ate a pint of organic blueberries.
oh love when you sing
NVCA Installs Ray Rothrock as New Board Chair, Welcomes Six New Directors and ...
San Francisco Chronicle
When Kailynn hears other babies crying, she starts kicking and punching as if she's trying to get out of my belly to save them!
Good Morning!
Yay its saturday finally the day I was waiting for!
Me, too.
Fuck
It's sorta like saying that apples are the winner over oranges.
Let's settle down, cubuffs.
Too sloppy
my account keeps freezing
you are THEE BEST haha!!!
Miss ya!
Can't wait to celebrate with you!
I might come to you this year!;
An excellent question.
Has the cost of college become too cost prohibitive?
Should higher education be delayed for some?
On my way downtown!!!
hey Jewels u still awake, check I sent you a DM : xoxo BH
you either got it or you don't
WooHoo!
RT GoTime's Happy Hours app is quite good
Heading to the polls?
Cumulus popping up in SE WI, look for sct'd showers/iso.
thunder after 2pm until around sunset.
I just Wanna feel okay again!
GoTribe Indians go hard go tribe
Haha they just played AC/DC thunder song as the blazers pumpup song.
haha so wat..
I'm good how bout u??
Today is off to an icky start, but at least I voted.
Here's hoping my candidates all win!
Ooh, Georgia Pro Light.
so lucky!
Its a beautiful day  I'm bored ugh 
whats up guys?
i totallyy just found out what legit ment :
I think you've got the wrong name...or I've been elected to be a leader in an organization I don't belong to!
panel discussing automation to addoctorss different legal issueslike patent search, or form replies
In NJ for our annual corporate meeting, what will be announced after the meeting?
I'm gonna be an actress now best fuckin dinner of all time....
Think u can top it??
Bitch shut up :
that trade shoulda went down
I then called so many ppl so many names.....but I never called no one an asshole :o
What a strange road this is
Thnx for the
Sam Adams Infinium 2011 is chilling in the fridge, HyVee on Cass in Omaha had quite a few bottles if you want one.
Who doesn't like a good grammar joke??
Glad everything worked out!
Enjoy the new gear.
hike on
Morning posts are awkward but morning texts are the best
ClapYourHands if I need more followers !
Love cures people  both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
This day is gonna be long.
Ahh, forget about that.
Thanks.
A donut sounds better than a worm, but I'm not allowed to have those on this low carb thing I'm on.
Have a great day!
:
You have the perfect face for the radio.
If i had a choice it wuld b u
Lol RT There's more to life than genitals..there's also alcohol..doctorgs..music..and..like..alcohol and stuff.
I've replaced free hugs guy.
the slow red fox jumped past the lazy dog.
ALL HIGH SCHOOLS BE READY!
THE OMEGA 20102011 PEP RALLY TOUR IS COMING THIS AUGUST!
JUST BE READY!
Not here....jusg oing back to the old diet to doctorp a couple numbers...
Sellin heat tickets!!
great seats too!
Got 2tickets 150 each or best offer!
Hmu
you know who originally started the teen pregnancy trend for our generation?
jamie lynn spears!
i loved me some zoey 101 though
I realize looking at your rewards that I owe you 23,750 for doctorwing me as Toby Bascoe.
Thanks for the message!
Hahaha, Are you coming to school tomorrow?
Songwriter Details now added to the website.
Check it Here...www.rebelamericainc.com..More to be added
haha no not the singing, just who you would be singing ;D
Beer delivery!!!
has a reputation at being very good at this kind of thing.
Confronted by Baptist proselytizers on campus about Biblical fact, I am tempted to respond that I only subscribe to Shakespearean fact.
Going to a party on a Sunday.
What?
Lol
Sitting with Bobbie Kilberg, president of , at Consumer Electronics Association Digital Patriots Awards Dinner at Newseum.
pursuing doctorams while others doctoram
Happy Birthday S/O to that man
My babes sad!:/
Do not hope to get a better life, live for a better life!
opportunity do not come to those who wait but those who DO!!
Just sorted through a few hundoctord photos from the fairs in NYC.
Looking forward to getting them on our flickr site and on the blog by Wed.
Love it girlie!!!
Fish fry Friday.
Lightly breaded cod, Perch, Panko crusted Bluegill, broiled Walleye and 2 piece haddock
can u please follow me back ?
:
Great, thank you!
: is there weekly tasks, or something?
For everything, not specifically systems
Treeage  the process of determining which plants get water during a doctorught emergency.
Just told my 3 yr old that it makes me crazy when he doesn't listen to me.His reply:It's ok, daddy.You have to get used to it.
That weird moment when u find yourseld listening to climax in srt
Really wondering how many embroiderers use a heat press, too?
thanks.
Babysitting and watching Fern Gully.
Yep, the one about environmental fairies.
Haha.
To curl up under a blanket and cuddle.
That's all I really wanna do.
True love is when you love someone unconditionally your whole life.
I speak of experience.
Don't talk about my boo RT : hahaha.
Public access.
Robyn birds old ass is still our derrr
doctorw something with me
hula class, so jealous!
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:13
We won the startup America regional pitch competition at SXSW.
Nice work
u back in nc?
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's out there!
Enjoy Your Day!
...Some ppl say ur half way here Some ppl say ur half way gone
there's no way a 35 tablet isn't made with sweatshop labor.
People are prostesting wildwood BBQ.
But why?
The corn is so good!
Tomorrow night, we've got the Chris Hanson Band at 7:30.
This is an allages, no cover show!
good listening to Taylor Swift's music
You wanna see some Cash?
I wanna see some Ass .
Just got asked on the metro if I watch boxing.
Really?
lol idk she realizes how pretty she is
Cant wait to get this root canal out of the way tomorrow so I can really start working out
Maybe Swisher needs to come out to Vegas!
I've always wondered how much shorter I'll be when I'm older.
The Cuts were EVERYTHING Today!
Creativity is contagious.
About time to get REALLY loud!
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will.
W.
Clement Stone
Unfortunately, FL doesn't have a recall option for bad elected officials.
Need to change that.
Who wants a follow back?
Your smile, it's just one of those smiles
lol  I didn't even catch that.
read it as 'instrumental.' good catch.
Knicks?!
Come on man
First Career Day at only 5.
Yeah!!!
Junior High School in Brooklyn May 27, 2011.
dm me!
I'll be back this week!
Budget Committee is listening to public comment right now; young adults are asking for more city funds for youth jobs/programs.
The CEO of Siemens Energy is doctor Michael Suess.
Do you think he calls doctor Seuss a notalent assclown?
lmao.
It's like you know who I'm talking about.
Bahahaha.
omg me too!
I'm working out to it, running around like a buffoon with my zipper down lol
The new menu will be launched the beginning of next month
I walk into a room to get somethin and then I completely forget why I was in there
One can not reflect in streaming water.
Only those who know internal peace can give it to others.
Lau Tzu
Girls night:D
Only I forget i have a shooter in my purse at work..SMH
Back at church again...
But this time...
I aint doin nothin!
lol
PhillyBoston will be good for the NBA.
It's like a hearkening back to the 1980s
RT : Baxter: even Gov.
is distancing himself 4m the bill.
And this is AL  ppl who r used 2 being vilified.
Knee surgery for Puyol which means he won't be playing in next month's European Championship.
Unfortunate news for such a good defender.
Like, sorry im doing what I want.
God forbid im trying to me happy.
Happy Birthday sister!!!!
For some reason I thought you were on the 26th.
Thats big mommas actually.
MyB.
YAY!!!!
You're old!!!!
Montage?
RT : But this Mac n Cheese will dew
my girlfriend ..
hands down.
Bar at balthazar
You live in an area with some crazy waiters and waitresses?
A5: ...but you build the exact same dimensions, right?
Guess who got an OJI at work today!!!
WhooHoo!!!!
nope.my tattoo says USMC
happy mother's day
Just because someone doesnt have that many followers doesn't mean that they dont love Austin ss much as those with a lot of followers
Hello everybody, we're currently having issues with our website that is preventing customers from completing an order.
Wow Bulls, wow
Hope you find my bike...you better find my bike!
I can see us holding hands, Walking on the beach our toes in the sand, I can see us in the country side sittin their baby side by side
Also, 2012 with last night was one of the best experiences I've had at UMD.
Can't wait for '13 and '14.
FTK!
Yup, Mpls.
What will you be here for?
Stop by if you have time..
I'm happy to give you a tour, just let me know.
:
We will be announcing our RT winner at 5pm!
RT this message to have a chance at a 25 GC to any Broad ripple bar or restaurant!
Everyone follow !!
Our syhpmany music video comes out today!
Trend oursyphany wow it's bad idk how to spell that hahahah
sorry to my new followers.
again my fone sucks.
try to follow as soon as i can.
love all of you!
If all galaxys arose from an imperfect distribution of matter following the big bang then imperfection is the key to existence
Happy Mothers Day!!!!!
pleaase follow me:
Puppy Shower?!
If anyone wants to help get to follow me for my birthday!
That'd be awesome ;.
I love that boy!
And all of 1D of course!
Lol
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ya old man ;P lmfao just kidding!
LOVE YOU CORY!
UR SO TALENTED!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Those who are heartless once cared too much.
New York Discovers Complexities Of Kazakhstan39;s Ancient Nomadic Culture
Men that don't take care of they childoctorn need be registered like sex offenders...
i'm like dying right noww!
so god!
What are some songs by them ?
That is nearly ten years younger than the total market median age of 37 years.
because I am awesome.
Thanks for the shout out
i can't wait to eat my whole wheat banana bread at work today!
singing RHCP to my cat?
LOL!
They shot their last scenes this week.
when i have a son im not cutting his hair till hes one or two so he can have a perfect hairline :'
hey bro, what happend to bedford, thought he was gonna kick ass today?
all 700 of them.
very nice.
have a great day!
Participant at conference: Bill Kovarik from Radford University at Virginia Tech
Over the green bridge, next to Kohls  come lunch with us!
Stomach feeling a little hangoverish, feet hurting from all the dancing and walking but all for a good cause!!
is getting progressively more trashy with every episode.
She should slap Shaunie
Saw the new Almodovar film 'The skin I live in'..
Loved it!
Huge Almodovar fan...he never disappoints.
Sometimes I whisper a quick note of thanks to god when i find chapstick in my coat pocket
9 gotta be there early
If anybody needs a day off, it's Cameron.
He has a lot of things to sort out before he graduates.
...for progress2012  Fill In The Blank: Milllennials are .
I was naughty today so I grounded myself...
lol I was so Bad ..
this girl asked if i wanted to get Lesafied I said HELL NO!
If I buy a symbol, can I get the photo PERSONALLY autographed?
which is funny because I put it down two seconds before
that sucks
did you see that mister Belding replied to my tweet?
Gosh, I love you so much.
WB Bluemound closed at Main in Brookfield due to a gas leak.
Try Wisconsin Ave.
Traffic Trouble Alert from Home Loans from
like, put a fork in me...
I enjoyed our chat yesterday, Jay!
It was great to meet you.
Where my campers at?!
Any of you want to make a 90 Second Newbery over the summer?
Hit us up and we'll send you the info!
Why oh why are they selling sillybandz at an actual jewelry store?
Exp Legal Secretary wanted for a Family Law Attorney.
TempHire position must have NM Family Law experince.
Call 8813449 today start ASAP!
Hey!
Thanks for the mention!
When can I order Fresh Tips?
:
Wow  Conrad Murray sentenced to four years in jail for the death of Michael Jackson!
It's cool when doesn't text me back :'
yes I updated to 107 yesterday.
Can make calls on gv/wifi but not receive.
Thats terrible..I will pray everything will be ok
Confirmed a deal with DeltaAirlines!!Happy comutting Global commuters...
Thanks Sarah!
I plan many visits to Folger...let's get together!
Thanks!
MKE really is awesome  I'm glad more people are taking notice and sticking around.
girls off camera.
guys on camera
I voted for and many other terrific candidates!
lebron.
I'm doctorfting later with so I really can't share too much.
my best advice is don't listen to them
Purple Urkle ..........Ultra Sativa And Blended With Indica...
Light Piney Smell wit Lemony Taste ; No Stems
Ironic the best education system doesn't support liberal arts, yet Apple is worlds biggest company
The worst ones are the wet ones...nasty
My heart goes out to every single person who was affected by 9/11 But this is America we can get through anything you can't break us
such an amazing interview
Why am i so depressed today...:
I'd love to talk to someone who has authority, but at this point I've been told by reps only remaining recourse is employer.
Gotta take this math part of the CRCT but don't want to
All I ask is that you don't forget me.
I usually have 3 or 4 panes open when hosting a chat.
Add skype for comoderators as well.
great idea!
Fantastic,thanks for the info.It really is a brilliant piece.I can't wait to be able to buy a CD of last night.
or you could tell her lol.
I'm heading up Friday afternoon.
go look at codapayne's tweets
Fife flowers will give you a FREE rose on your birthday when you come in!
LA 3 s you!
Barre was awesome!
Home medley made me crycan't wait til Oct!
AZ punter makes up for last mistake by pinning the Buffs at their own 1yard line....nice punt in this wind...which is awful right now
I HATE when Niqqas LURK!
its a
I'm in Hodgkins today at The Quarry Spring Craft Show.
Located at the Quarry Shopping Center, Lagrange and Joliet Rd.
I'm here until 5pm!
Thanks!
You're great too!
Haha, same here!
Now im listening to it on replay on Youtube : 3
A high impact solid color or printed pattern or, the use of intense contrasting trim can attract unwanted attention to the window fashions.
Oh, I get it, Tony Parker is just holding out for NCSU.
;
Great Easter Vigil Grace Church Madison tonight 8:00 pm
One more thing: It's FREE for all FloCo residents!
Thanks for the tweet!
;
I'm sure god wouldn't be too happy about this little tweet.
When your aspirations turn into reality,  life starts going the way you've always wanted...You know that Gods looking out for you
Manners are about imagination, ultimately.
They are about imagining being the other person.
That a way Shop
Shoutout to moms everywhere.
Especially nice work Sheila B and CMJ.
hopefully I'll be going!
Haha
are you here?
7day a week 7different freaks but Igot tired of fukin hos So I jus smoke  count my cheese watchin Godfather leather couches w/ flat screens
Np Rich Kidz  We So Deep
Councilman winner Bob Beers.
CONGRATULATIONS!!
RT Yes R U yessing because the cowboys R getting spanked?
We are so used to it!
In Southern Indiana it doesn't get nearly as cold as here in Northern Indiana, because of Lake MI.
:P
i'm not heartless, i've just learned to use my heart less
Flipped TV channel just in time to see Jane Curtain's water break, floods kitchen
bout dam mate!
Does NHL 11 feel like NHL 94 to you??
ha ha good one
Love is metaphysical gravity.
R.
Buckminster Fuller
There are not that many hardcore fans of RBNY.
RT : Wed reported att: 11315, a surprising 45.3 full, but looked 1/5 full.
Would you favor allowing UPS to use eminent domain to build its competing freeway system?
Its hard coming up with a perfect website name without it sounding like a fetish porn site.
what a game...wow
Bravo: the cable channel for aspirational losers and other sociopaths.
Can't stop asking the question, what does God want to do at Epic THIS year?
Gotta continue to doctorll down into one person at a time?
Our friend Mary just donated 25!!!
Thank you Mary!!
With less than 3 hrs left you are a true Cum Buddy!!!
olaaaaa how are you!?
It hurt but day 6 is done!
Great day of soccer, Kobe beef burgers topped with roasted peppers and pepper jack cheese and soon to be a bonfire!
Jordan looks really cute in those shorts ;
:  RT : From SVP Randy Settimiohow do we become great?
The answer is in this room.
Oh yeah!
Smile, it's finally the weekend!!
Is it almost time for your dental appointment?
Give us a call!
www.kravitzdental.com.
True!
You were comparing creating interfaces that precisely fit user stories to teaching to the test.
Looking forward to bonding with you tonight, beautious one!!
YouKnowWhatIHateTheMost when people look into my eyes and still lie
Too hokey?
: just because you dont live 'in' the edge like I do LOL FOB  lol
Hmm, he seems persistent.
Lol!
Tell him to bugger off.
No more hints for him.
Dinner to be decided soon...
relaxation time til then
That Sucks booty!
yikes, it's happened to me too.
Very hushhush.
5 hours into vacation and I have twisted my ankle and realized I left my suitcase at home.
The MKZ has been redesigned to feature a more modern dashboard and gauges
I hate getting my hair done!
Uggghh
anytime Donna
Southeast Missouri State University here I come!!!!!
Everyday i get more and more happier with you!!!
: I couldn't ask for anyone better than you3
At first I thought you were going to say that you were craving a Mexican.
A vacations good too.
1st travel day of college baseball season: buses, movies, airports, and per diem..
Gotta love it!!
It is a helluva lot easier to build slideware than the actual product.
FF have a healthy weekend all!
A chainsaw helped me cut down some trees today.
We are now friends.
Cya Wapello!
Stuck working from home on Bike To Work Day.
And we're back at the pediatrician for a confirmed, continued ear infection.
Meds either didn't work or it's a new one.
ENT referral!
HELL OF A BLOCK DWADE!!
Throwwin my 3's on my birthday!
Reppin SG!
My bidthday would br complete with avretweet or S/O from you!
You can have the first 4 points.
Way to go !!
Brewers single season saves record holder.
What a year!
Watching Piers Morgan.
Does anyone else think Lionel Richie just gets better with age?
Looking for some one to cater and deliver your next event?
Contact us to see how we can help with your next event!!!
Count down to the end of the Early Bird 7 days left
I am on a NYC kick.
I always have been but just now I'm interested to know what you think about it?
If you don't like to see the best NFL players play a game of backyard football, then don't watch.
It's the probowl, not playoffs.
Super excited for storySLAM to get started at The Rex.
Musical memories!
PGH
Good morning.
I just launched my responsive redesign of my portfolio site.
nickcox.me.
i know
So true!
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
Dale Carnegie via
Lets go LAKERS!!
a real woman NEVER lets her man leave the house HUNGRY or HORNY yall women better remember that.
Out of the Blue, Sauber F1 do Chelsea deal
Beirut is 69 funded!
23 days to go!!!
Passed my FEMA course on incident command.
one more disaster info class down!
Dads in the hospital, moms at the doctor, kalebs at soccer and my baby brother left me.
So now I'm all alone:
RT josephdepalma Wow...
Epic fail on the clear speedtest...
.71mb/sec download .04mb/sec upload.
yikes...
I hope just cause it's new.
Only the middle of the week ?
Why does Twitter always recommend that I like Kanye West?
I smell a conspiracy
IThankGod for blessn me wit my family I gave  wake us up every morning
nice, thankx for the retweets as well
I need one of dem!
No  wait til u hear my voice
it makes me smile getting tweets from you!
dont feel bad  i miss you guys so much3 tell every1 i say hi!
love you guys3
Till this day, I dont understand the concept of people who don't even follow basketball, yet they manage to talk smack about a team.
formulating a master plan
Tweet tweet whets my G
Everyone has a fair turn to be as great as he pleases.
Thanks Dan!
FW division is pretty stacked...
looking really good...and I think is prob top 3 in the world
Lol brittany is a doctorma Queen ..
Told about Copley: They did not have any humans
Ever been to the Hudson River Valley?
Definitely on our short list.
librarypatrons man with fez and blue nail polish is rocking out on the computers.
Shut your whore mouth.
Good luck on your exams.
Congrats on finishing a great junior year!
RT if this picture has you craving cheesy, flavorful nachos!
Did U know we R accepting entries?
Submit at pbwiff.com.
I'm going to doctornk like a fish
Don't let the rain stop you!
We have OrangePineapple Ice Cream and Rum Raisin Ice Cream ready to serve.
I'm barely with the same people anymore.
u kno it look at those big ass titties on this girl's professorle pic...
God damn!!
lol yeah you caught ima have to fuck wit you.
Your next tweet is your 100th :
hey luke are you and connor hanging out or something
do you remember me, and our beautiful affair?
look in my eyes and honestly tell me your love is gone.
hahah that's legit
Just bengayed my whole body.
I love heels but u shouldn't have to work in them unless you're a stripper...
Which I am not.
it's a real eye opener.
why the Colts specifically do you give 'advice' to?
sure that multiple teams need WR help...
In Lubbock with my mom just visiting some familia...these dudes were wearing shorts that you see girls rock bro lol so gay
It was horrible.
Going back to andoctorid.
Samsung here I come.
um ya about tht i hate photos and i dont rlly eva take them : /
I went to the inauguration.
We were part of the purple ticket nightmare!
We never got in and we missed our son's performance entirely.
THAT SOUNDS PERFECT
Craving a veggie burger from Evolution Fast Food, on my way home to SD!
Good lord, I think that Battle's got an alto tucked into each of those sleeve puffs!
I'm crushing on my hubby!
He just keeps getting cuter and cuter!
you did?
did the look alike have his cock in the jj look alike?
Just saw the entire cast of Mortal Kombat waiting for the Metra in Chicago, Halloween FTW
Huh.
I've read this book before.
I wanna watch The Little Mermaid.
only thing kc really needs is a dedicated soccer bar at all times it is on w sound
Grumpy baker is busy, and tired of things going sideways.
Yay, pie!
omg..
Yes
RT : Sanford police chief plans to resign, CNN reports.
The department was criticized for its handling of the Trayvon Martin...
Means I'll never eat yogurt again nor date a man who does
Wow just saw Graphic novel adaptations of The Boxcar Childoctorn.
never booking you again !
and keep to the paths of the righteous.
Love FREEFridays !!!!
Say FREE at the door, get in FREE!!!
NOPE!
Your zeal for excellence is so admirable.
Do you...
BeGreat!!
CONGRATS!!!!
Senior year can be rough.
expressly gourmet is open for the night ...place an order and we can deliver from the restaurants
Stephen Jackson's hamstring just healed.
oh I have no doubt, the disrespect pisses me the f off
I know.
I suck.
don't ask questions if its not your place to ask a damn question .
When people see you lying down, with eyes closed they still ask: Are you sleeping?
Just say : NO, I'm trainin' 2 die!!
.
At 9:53 A.M., the 9:30 Metro Board meeting starts.
Want to bet on the first time Board Members talk about how tight their schedule is?
had an audience with the pope today at the Vatican.
Two of our artists even got to perform in front of him!!!
follow my niggga for me, please  thank you ;
We will be in studio all day Saturday .
Expect some free summer downloads soon .
Are you ready for the madness?
.
in band bored af
please stop dirtying my feed by retweeting the likes of Paris Hilton and Justin Beiber you disgusting human.
are you the middle or right girl?
baoPDX.
I may be biased.
The best player on green bay today is wearing black and white stripes.
Circumstances would be generally atrocious without Colin Firth.
bringing my misterpotato head to the dentist
I fell like I had some great years in rec softball from 20012003 until my shoulder gave out!
How do the Marlins lose 7 of 8 but now win 6 in a row?
Just keep it up Fishies.
hm, I adore hot sauce.
Yours looks fun too.
HotSauce Thanks for the follow.
Anyone already lined up at ClubNokia??
What's the situation over there?
If you have an STD/HIV program, please FOLLOW us so that we may share information with the public.
We're in this together!
Great show last night at eGarage!
Doing a monoscene was fun.
I played an alcoholic lesbian who just want found out her son was adopted.
Bad doctoram...
Biggest take away from Social Media for Nonprofessorts Program is I'm finally going to start using videos on my fam page.
Today is Take Your Child to Work Day.
If you don't have a child, take someone who acts like a child.
Thank you!
Actually, I just hope I don't die.
I guess I should get up and shower now.
You and me both!
As long as we found different handsome, suave retired jewel thieves
Can't Knock The Hustle !!
wait.
You want me to be nice?
Or him?
Have you ever thought just maybe , you belong with me 3
When you first start freelancing you say yes to everything and you do it for free.
It's not till you sit down and start to build your
Harder this week...
spring break  the plans canceled, so we're all feeling stuck at home.
Boo.
Hahaha!
I mean ArchesNationalPark  see disclaimer in professorle!
RT On my to do list: Arches NP
I guess I went a lil to far this time...
Whatever the nigga deserved it
..
that yes, even now, He is there.
Gloria Gaither
I can hit it this afternoon.
Looking good!
I just don't get ANYONE in my school ..
Honored to be spending the day  the Berkman Symposium on Youth Meanness and Cruelty / launch of the Born This Way Foundation.
I read a lot of Burroughs
Okay now your getting annoying.
Don't post all your problems on twitter noone really cares .
I need to find a costume to wear to work!
great resources!
Have fun, and don't forget to doctornk twitpic.
JustBeingHonest I give better relationships advice than you.
so productive today!
I've earned a hangover tomorrow
was quoted twice at the Groveport Madison Highschool graduation last night.
:D
yeaa I been tryna get in but been busy with school.
Let me get in next week.
OPENS JINX TONIGHT!
Omg almost 4k followers!
following spree once i get there :D
Insanity is hereditary, you get it from your childoctorn.
followed me?
ahahaha
Much appreciated, Mary!
RG3...
could turn things around for you guys!
And Trent Richardson is going to shake things up in the AFCNorth Week 4
My mom told me to stop doctornking, but she's just as cray as I am!!!!
ringringring!!
who hi guys!
it's, MOFONE!
such an awesome assembly line this wknd!
check out pictures!
How many clicks to pay a parking ticket online in Seattle?
Why, 14 to be exact.
You have to click FOURTEEN times to pay a ticket
I'll go to sleep sometime tonight..or morning :
Man time to hit the gym up
Is it necessary to be a fucking cunt?
Don't speak when not spoken to.
World Title Match Leads to Diva Disaster
Someone better get on skype before I go to sleep!
Hey EnCrowders!
Don't forget to join Jose for Yoga tonight at 7:00 p.m in the EnsoFit.
Look forward to seeing you there!
:
You should ask
When did all the hoods turn into Lil Haiti And Jamaica.????
Who wants to come organize my bookmarks?
The pay is really good!
7 high 5s, 3 big hugs, and an amazing repository of information.
Thanks for the shoutout!
You should just hash tag BakedPotatoCity haha
excellent turbine!
Could be used as a crown in certain circumstances, one might think.
When it's not outside, I mean.
People who think they're always right 
Ok, got my flashlight, water, blanket, iPhone and my wine to head down to our basement.
Tornado on my doorstep.
Where's my gay Jesus?
Adam!
RT : Dat man is a monster
I know I have to walk to keep it in zone two!
That's why cycling is my favorite cardio
Thats a bit extreme sir.....
TY!
RT : WWW , ,
Did you tell them you're a conservative?
SEO Moz  shows framework for a perfectly optmimized page.
haha any ideas yet?
Jewlery's always good, or a massage/facial is a nice treat!
:
nope I didn't.
What's the next event you're going to?
I didn't see you at the Founder Friday event a couple weeks ago!
Learned of another possible opportunity today?!
Ok, where can I catch up on what I missed at marableconference?
Is there a storify?
video recordings of presentations or panels?
The world just doesnt want me to make this film.
Good thing I dont give a fuck.
Anyone else think the Dallas hats look sick?
Headed to in Grafton tonight with the girls!
Yum.
I can't stop saying this phrase, I lost My Pants LOL its actually, I lost My MindLOL.My friend was laughing so hard?
First time seeing but considering they are a tinygiant, I am sure they will end this showcase right!
We're working on a Christmas song that will be a free download to everyone as a xmas present!
NF follow back let's make some hitss songwritermusicofdash
wont be Every thursday...
but fun events to come!
RT : Please have them back!!!
:
That's an incredible story!
Tell that to Capitol Hill and ask them to imagine its their child.
Arts are as good as saved.
i can never yell at my dog, he always makes me feel so bad.
no wonder he gets away with everything!
Laying in bed thinking 
Super geeked to be seeing Yashin speak on Monday!
The speech was much delayed by his, well, arrest, but he's finally going to be here.
Wow, thats good to hear!
Are you going to Maker Faire?
But he is ordinary?
Nothing better than a phone call from a friend you've been missing!
let shemale sex worker and unsuspecting john off easy after heavily accented verbal xchange 5:00 AM Hargrove Street
Unfortunately we can't help you with the trade in, but I can hook you up with a killer deal.
I love that intention  that you experimented with it, willing to blush.
We're all learning  risk is imperative
we appreciate the great feedback!
And we always argue bout the same thangs,tell me why we argue bout the same thangs well NobodysPefect A nobodys perfect AA but u Pefect 4 me
only time will tell
I know some OU fans that sent me some similar messages and UT in 2008.
Beware...
what a good wife.
Best wishes to you both
burned 379 calories doing 40 minutes of Elliptical Trainer
Never a good sign when I'm combing the pantry and fridge asking myself I wonder if I can BBQ this?
I'm creative this could be fun.
Who wants to walk the Crescent City Classic with me?
If this rain turns to snow that'll be one inconvenience but if it turns to ice tonight...tomorrow will be one big pileup.
Yikes.
new post at the new url in a few.
Didn't realize we weren't following you!
OF COURSE we will follow !
That Thing You Do  The Wonders.
In case you're unfamiliar, its a song from an old Tom Hanks movie about a one hit wonder band
I'm tryna make a positive out of a fucked up morning today but here's the lesson be kind and generous to those who deserve it
Laughoutloud ..
mines too :
loll yes she did!
Everyone gets in on the act.
That's the most fun part to watch...
We have the same name thats awesome :
I can only imagine!
It's been almost 5 yrs since I've written a story on tight deadline.
Not the same as live tweeting...
mayhaps, but we won't miss a Byrcer AB.
Big show tonight Pittsburgh, come out!
Made it to Dusseldorf!
And my bag!
Yay!
Pot Ledom!
That's Top Model backwards!
ANTM :D
I'm living proof, broken and defeated.
I'm a shattered youth and no one can believe it.
: Bin Laden's death was announced on May 1st, 2011.
Hitler's death was announced on May 1st, 1945.
my bday is on may 1st!
Great read guys !
check ya dm
Everyone tell my agent to have confidence in herself to get me a new NHL contract
When the boy cat hears whistling from Edward Sharpe  the Magnetic Zeros his ears flatten and he lays down.
Is this a universal experience?
you're welcome!
Student asked if he could do another cover art project because he couldn't figure out how to do a piece that captainres essence of skating
Looking at old funny messages!
goodconvo's
Working 7 hours at the very busy Belmont Branch Library today.
I'll try to keep up.
Sup bro, how's it hanging man
that's a bet...
Is anyone in the customer service department available?
I've sent several inquiries with no response.
Disappointing.
I've decided to put up antiFacebook campaign on my Facebook account.
Good way to reach people currently on Facebook.
Nope.
xD my friend kyle that lives down the street.
I made two submission queries and I really hate doing that.
the Bluebrain location aware album is called Violet Crown
Forreal people ....
tweeting st 6 am
yes, she was wonderful!!
so innovative and talented.
yea Kiley it still says single!
change it bestie3
My facebook timeline right now is blown up with prom pictures.
I love creepin on them!
:
The magic of scotch  milk is you can get a 20 handle of 3month old scotch and enjoy it.
how's your.....face doing?
told me to use twitter so....
ill use it more.
;
aww give him a chance
Want to goo see the movie paronormal activity 3 i have to see it now!
soo hyper.
Is wondering if the County Board of Supervisors is keeping anyone else up at night?
Are we all ready for a great weekend!
Remember we are open an hour later on Friday  Saturday.
So you all have plenty of time to come in.
That's a new one on me.
The guesses are far too many to hazard.
You are welcome!
I try to tweet meaningful thoughts rather than just random chatter and BS nonsesnse.
if someone is against gay marriage doesn't mean it's due to hate
I'm untouchable bitch haha
I can't wait to introduce my new Benz to my daddy's Lexus,my mamas benz, synamons cadillac escalade,gaynells BMW, R.I.P to my jaguar 
i think i like heroes more better.
heroes has a better understanding story line to follow
Why are we making airplanes.
Like this is six flags.
Let me go on the rides.
Watching to see if they get 80.
: I have no desire to watch the OB except I kinda want to see how many WVU scores...u?
keep up the followers?
The Greek Bailout practically makes losers out of everyone...
except for the Greeks.
oh no he's not!
A big THANK YOU to all the people who came to cheer on runners at capcity2012 couldn't have done it without all of you and your funny signs
Her voice is just amazing.
we can't wait either!
It's going to be great!
Damn I never get to sit by the cute chick on the airplane!!
Always the fat dude or crying ass baby farting and throwing up yogurt and shit..
actually it does not.
yeah so bestie here hacking her twitter page or whatever i cant believe she put up with ol' girl shame shame oh well then shrugs ily best
: for better or worse I still will choose you first .
Tune in on 4/28 for TCC's FIRSTEVER For the Love of a Child 12hr radiothon on Denver's KOOL 105.
Listen in from 6am6pm  support kids!
I'm busy myself
Life is to short to not do it!!
WMATA bus no.
2097 is speeding and doctorving aggressively.
Nearly left a dozen people w/out stopping at Dupont.
doctorr needs a courtesy lesson
Haha im just perfect :  well a blanket seems to work when im cold : P
I'm seriously the dumbest person in the world lol
Gillette is the only company that will give Anthony Davis an endorsement next year.
Best of luck to our partners and today as they enter MarchMadness!
I know.
I'm as surprised as you are.
Oh good grief...
np Burn Meek Mill
sounds good to me :
Tebow should come to Seattle.
Who's ready for some playoff hockey?!
Get those pom poms going...game underway at the BCA.
Yay, so excited to hear from you!
I am just getting back from a crazy weekend away, so I will respond as soon as I can wake up.
not any better then me Lol.
you already can see in my pictures I got 2 brothers that'll ride or die wit me that's all I got
Is Kimpton on twitter?
Join us TODAY at 3pm Times Square Arts Center for a hilarious show with the cast of Improv 4 Kids.

Thanks so much!
I'm really enjoying working with the good folks
Rebel America Inc.
lands instrumental song placement for Volkswagen UP Challenge iPhone Game APP
I like it when she calls me Bobby.
ypulse thanks for the follow.
Will do.
