Very welcome!
One of my FB friends posted the cinematic version of that moment last year and it blew me away.
singing isn't a trick  it is a physical development of technical behavior to allow you to summon your talent at will!
U.S.
private sector job gains beat expectations
Boomer needs a daddy.
great article from UK.
Parenting is great equalizer.
Your fans need 2c more 'don't give up' like this.
Hit 'em straight!
NFL coaches make the assumption they can coach their side of the ball and look for the quality players on the other side.
Lloyd Sexy Af TO
happyBirthday !
oldman dirtythirty.
Barring a USPS miracle, your card will be late.
I'm starting to enjoy Gossip Girl more than I probably should.
Hi jensen
Hanging w/ my lil today!
I'm playing a show with his daughter tonight hahaha
Sounds like a delicious way to start the day!
you all mean something to me the women on twitter are the sweetest women there are in the world thank you
We are a teen webshow and we would like to know if you guys would like to be out official Entertainment correspondent?
The past couple of days have been awesome!
Time to get up and do it all again :
The MegaMillions is only 390 million after taxes.
That's just not enough for me.
thanks Jerry...let's grab coffee soon
If it were easy...
Everyone would do it and everyone would have it!
I didn't understand that until just now.
I'm lol in a public place!!!
I love you!!
wish i could be there instead of slowely killing myself in the library
Fuck your best friend she just wanted your attention .
lolol I missed her today..she always leaves me alone now during lunch  7 period..
but yea tomorrows friday .
What a Epic story for my Grandkids if I live see and met them!
How Granny almost died taking a shower, and how nobody knew the  to 911
Didn't know this...kids can run the bases after Sunday games
RT : No America.
No.
Do better.
Donating blood at the Lynnwood Blood Center.
I encourage everyone to participate in saving lives!
It took a few minutes , but Delta Airlines Customer Service came through for me!
Thank you Celeece in Dallas!
241 EVERYTHING starts at 5 and goes to 9.
We will help take the edge off of your Motorhead hangover.
Shawn Page will be in at 9!
Ice cream is my life 
thanks sweethearts.
spitting poems in public on a wireless mic w/a half second delay...
so damn hard!
ya I did.
I've made a come back to mw3, after not playing it for a while.
My stats will never be as high as yours though lol.
Someone I worked with a zillion years ago.
We lost touch a couple of years ago.
But women appreciate the effort...LOL
swag Smoke With A Goblin
Aint talk to nobody really these last few days
thanks for the follow...we never charge extra for emergencies, holidays, weekends or nights....24/7
I want freedom for the full expression of my personality.
Mahatma Gandhi
So, I was up practically the whole night talking to a friend :D I went to sleep at 5a.m.
XD so happy : And we agreed to go out :D
If I tweet a lot, does that hint I have no life, if so, I do have a life hahaha I think!
Oh saturday...
I love you so...
How about now?
Pretty sure I got stalked at the mall today
If only my house was warmer and stocked with a cellar full of Spanish wine....
lol yeah I am
All women have an hour glass figure  it's just that they all tote around different amounts of sand
Free whoppers!
Go to afreething.com/yours to find out!
I thought u did watch that no more
crazy friday.
Summer weather, what?
Also, BeastieBoys....man, sad news throwback.
OK sounds good!
I went for the Grouper 2day ticket deal.
I'm reading a book about antigravity.
I just can't put it down.
my friends are already out
Anyone can suggest good movies?
I have some promo codes for my new app ICANSIA: Chinese to American Accent.
Message me if you want one.
Just have a few!
totally understand!
I've done it before too just to see.
Can someone give me some advice on Edmodo?
I am signed up but am not sure what I do with the code for Flat Stanley
twitter makes my moods better
To raise a confident young woman, u must be a confident grown woman.
See previous tweet.
Almost 100 followers.
I appreciate all of you.
Seriously.
3
you should.
I did it...
you reach a larger audience!
Knowing the clientele  my job,they'll probably buy organic easter eggs for their kids to dye  hide stuffed w/ gold bondsluckybastards 
: The future's so bright, I've gotta wear shades.
beautiful!
football  workout
I love stylish men  women..esp any 50's vintage vibe!
CAN'T MAKE IT TO HUSTLIN' STEAKS OR JUST, DO NOT WANT TO LEAVE YOUR HOUSE?
HUTLIN' STEAKS NOW DELIVERS CALL 2158771906
you're doctornk tweeting!
LOL
Write ABC and your Congressmen and tell them: it's NOT too late to bring back Cavemen
If you need help in a spanish speaking area simply use this handy spanish phrase for help me: areyouda maid.
Yes it is.
Knowing us we may get through half of that information.
Thanks boo!!!
First off, let me say I'm doctornk off of shitty wine.
FF FreshHell: Please whatever powers may be let the new episode be ready to watch today.
me too, I use to watch American Idol but never voted, This was my first
: I ain't as good as I'm gonna get, but I'm better than I used to be.
Tim McGraw / Sammy Kershaw
: It's 10:23 a.m.
and I already need a doctornk.
greatstarttotheday so have one
In other words, it should be 'win/win' or 'no play'!!
:
Leadership  A ruler should be slow to punish and swift to reward.
Anticipation for the Badgers' home opener is overwhelming right now.
Can't wait!
Damn You Blacks!
FB and Twitter fans, check our coupon tab for your discount.
Follow us on Twitter Thank you!
watch him kick ya asses when NFL season starts back up
I swear I think I am Lara Croft these days.
She is my idol.
I aim to be her.
lmao!
A very special Thank You!
to our players' parents.
What a wonderful way to end the night.
Had a great time visiting!
I agree!
RT : Lindzi already has my best hair vote!
; I like her horse too!
So so so so excited POOKS!!!!!!!
hey follow me
Build your child's selfesteemisterserve your beliefs  opinions  encourage your childoctorn to form their own based on what they experience.
Follow and just because I said so.
Now click follow and go enjoy the sun!
Soul glo : coming to America
How well can one demonstrate their views and do we agree with them?
need good presentation from candidates
Missed going to galas .
Anyone going here tonight SchiapperelliandPrada ://www.metmuseum.org/impossibleconversations/
Excuse my french, but that call was bullsh!t.
lol love the eurozone : Nein!!
RT : GERMAN CHANCELLOR MERKEL: Reiterates rejection of deficitfueled growth.
Rise an grind ma nigg!
Lets get dis  baby!!!
you shaved your head for your mom...
who is saying shit?!
Ill freak the fuck out!!!
Caps DH32 on Orlov We thought that he was a little bit younger and we went with more defensive defensemen.
In the bar at Copley Marriott with Having a beer while waiting for the room to be ready.
Today: The day of everchanging plans.
Good thing I'm flexible  each version is 1 I'd schedule anyway.
Maybe I'm jumping between universes.
Aaliyah's death really impacted me.
To this day I feel a sadness that I can't explain.
And I don't know why.
Facebook is for stalking, Twitter is for ranting/harassing celebs, and Instagram is just way too hip...
WheredMyspaceGo?
Lawlz
Got it and please don't forget to follow us back and help us tell DC what you Decide2B!
lch.bz/iDecide2B.
fyi  the library is finally getting set to purchase the Journal of Communication backfile.
All issues from 19511997!
great to hear GetSchooled is working with you guys on the new film, look forward to it!
Check Engine Light?
No Problem.
At Express Lube we'll scan your vehicle for FREE.
Visit www.ExpressLube.com to find a location near you.
Rhianna's SM: the word sex is censored.
Really?
The whole song is about sadomasochism and the word sex is what you find objectionable?
how come all the other UNICORNS R DEAD
and you are both such joiners!
How about college?
My brothers are being stupid and also his friend Cole because there turning up the music in the house and my mom is going to come home
We're almost done!
i love love love 's new song.
i can't stop listening to it :
I got my permit!
:D
it better work out lol
COME TO THE TA/RA UNION TOWN HALL MEETING!
you will love it!
unions are awesome!
Avengers was epic!!!!
God what I would give to be a superhero...or I guess just cast as one....haha
Normally, you could count on it.
Recovering from a broken knee right now  my productivity is very limited.
Keep me posted.
section c is HBFEC
i mean, does any producer have some joints that dont sound like euro pop nor gutter music?
gee wiz
The secret to moving: if you break something, you don't have to figure out what it is.
At Lord Hobo doctornking a Kind
Great presentation!
Huge things happening on our site this year for the football season.
Great weekly prizes...stay tuned www.playffnow.com
you used to be funny on twitter.
.
.
what ever happened to your writer?
What is his/her twitter name  I'll follow.
I was wondering how that was working out.
How's the old cat handling it?
Roma Pizza in Southwick, MA, that's where!
The best!
With our best waitress Debbie!
Have I gushed enough?
Concert tonight.
Work tomorrow morning.
Hangover number 1,273, I'll see you soon.
Laying in bed watching south park and talking to you and some other people's wbu?:
RT Same sex marriage should be legal, President Obama says.
Special report on the ABC network at 2:58pm ET.
Adam Levine on the Ellen show!!!!
o.o
: A good way to get your music heard and played is sending it by email
Gas prices finally went down son
You can take a man out of the Ghetto, but you can't take the Ghetto out of the man
My College professorssor Likes My Papers I Write My Work Ethic Is So Fantastic Just Like My Attire Well Out 4 Some Hours.G.F.B.
Damage.
Problems
Next week Arizona turns 100!
We're looking forward to all of the events happening in the valley!
What's your favorite thing about our state?
love your food!
Now for our afternoon session on Herding Cats with Delphine Khanna.
Happy Simpson Saturday !!!
Health and Fitness Calendar
I get so happy when Chase Coy comes on shuffle.
I know ur sleeping but I was busy and never checked my Twitter But I miss u too ;
no you're not that talented.
And what are you doing in Bellevue are with you with my parents?
BRB, I need to see what this Land Shark at my door wants.
MT What will your last tweet ever be?
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.50
It takes less time to do a thing right, than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
Henry Longfellow
Looking forward to tonight's interview!
Thanks for having us on!
:
Was in Barolo country last year!
Which system do you have?
I know you can configure the ALPS trackpads.
Our team can help you!
It may not exactly be a gleeful day in terms of the weather, but it's still a GLEEfulweek in May here at WQED FM.
Today is the last day!
Taking the 2nd half of the spring semester off was nice!
But now it's back to work!
SoTellMeWhy you mad!!
has been dormant too long.
The world has been deprived of viral muppet videos and daily show RTs, and for that I am sorry.
I just assume Clinton is a Thunder guy.
He's cool.
The Thunder are cool.
Durant, Harden, Westbrook, they're cool.
Clinton?
He's cool too.
Man, without I'd be wearing a shirt with a flaming eagle on it to opening day.
its all good, how was the bomb that hit the stage
oh you'll meet some one new
Wear blue tomorrow in support of child abuse awareness and prevention!
Tell all of your friends and family!
since 2nd grade !
Meeting a client  caribou.
Hopefully designing/developing a new website.
Had a break through w/ an email  making it have lightboxes!
No punctuationthere's something wrong.
ESPN  Engineered Sports Propaganda Network
crap, why is everything happening on May 19 this year?!
I have 47 places that I need to be!
lol u proved my point
Made first stab at cooking fresh nopales.
It went .
.
.
okay.
Next time I should use a recipe, though.
I don't think it's set in yet, but do you realize what happens tomorrow night?
TheWalkingDead  Ive never been this excited to watch TV.
yeah are we going to the mall??
cu i need to get my eyebrows done :
Wrench, meet plans...
Plans...Wrench....
Oh!
I see you've met before....
Let host your private party!
Thanks, John!
You're totally awesome!
;
Happy Mother's Day to all you fabulous moms out there!!
God bless!!
I really like them!
This has been your regularlyscheduled lrnchat.
We now return control of your timeline to you.
Come to my house, I'll show you real music.
awesome!
hope to meet them someday.
have a great weekend!
Aww shir you know its on when Ice Cube shows up to the clippers game
my big doctoram is to meet u someday personal and to speak with me all day and all night  iva got so many quesc?

Scorpios want to be the best, have the best, so they always look for the best
When Are You Gunna Put Your New Music Up!?
:
overlooking the Long Beach harbor, watching the sailboats cruise by.
Beautiful day.
One direction take over on MTV
Yeah for sho!
When r u going to gh?
She's stupendous!!!
Lauren Jelencovich  what a voice and presence
1000  ppl sent to the emergency room because of being distracted while texting and walking
Painting a house is such a Saturday thing to do.
Watching Melo and Big Shot for hopefully not the last time this year.
2.
Compliment someone tomorrow without expectation of a return.
PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL!
Mention Twitter with your order  get a 20 discount TODAY!
Uploading.
Should appear shortly.
Cheers.
Ali, The Book of Saladin.
Islamic Quintet2.
Very different from 1.
Saladin as seen by Jewish scribe.
Great characters, including women.
That is soo awesome!!!
Where is that?!
Stop asking God for the things He has already given you.
It's up to you to use it.
There is so much He's already placed on the inside.
I don't eat dat shit either!
!!
if google doesn't stomp facebook into the ground, I will be disappointed in humanity.
It really really was!!
It A.
Makes me proud to be American!
B.
Want to join the service!
C.
Go play Battlefield 3!
Girls that hang wit gays nigga that do the most 
Happy Birthday to playwright, William Shakespeare!
Which of Shakespeare's works do you most enjoy?
Though friendship is not quick to burn, it is explosive stuff.
May Sarton
I'm sleepy goodnight!
You sure are.
You sure are.
I love that Ann Romney is talking how about important choice is to women...related to families...
Watching Goodfellas and napping until 's bday celebration tonight.
Happy birthday big guy!
FOLLOW ME BACK: 76
sure wish he had faced a Nick Saban defense before...wait?
What in the hell is Santorums daughter wearing?
I am enjoying my new Canon 5D.
this thing is insane
Dude, this is so not radical.
Have you ever seen the beautiful lamps from Marset?Visit www.fromspainmagazine.com and see them in Company professorles.
and no snitchin!!!
RT: Stay true to yourself
Seems like a thin line but I see the distinction.
And btw, congrats on your rebellious daughter.
Hope I do as well w/ mine.
I miss St.
X baseball more than anything right about now
Random messages from people I don't know..
It makes me happy that my office window looks out on brightly colored trees.
UGH JOHN CUSACK JUST doctorNK TWEETED AND I DIDN'T EVEN GET A CHANCE TO FAVORITE IT.
John just nominated you for ho tt tub D robcorddoctor
When will it be comingnfor us Insight customers?
I feel robbed.
All day CLE.
First half done and I haven't really learned anything useful.
Some speakers are amateur comedians though.
:
Middle finger to my haters motherfer why you hating ?
December 3 is getting closer!!
:D Are you still going???
You better be, or I will be sad.
D:
The market manipulators have already gotten leverage and are pulling commodities and the DOW back up from the opening lows.
commuting  so I'd want tracking distance, speed and ideally directions.
Went by the crib to smoke a blunt and got straight chills what a trip.
May I speak with you about inhome dental care for homebound  disabled New Mexicans?
We have formed a NP  need gov support.
Take time to look in the mirror, and see that it's time to lose some weight.
You'd be hot.
Still not as hot as
wcphilly day2 : How does code make it into WordPress?
Bugs, Features, and Enhancements are all handled differently.
thank god
haha no prob hop.
Im headed to the night game
you are absolutely correct.
I was doctorfting a response to that quote  accidentally sent it.
Thx for keeping me on task.
Filming filming!
Spotify ads are pretty annoying.
NOW sudy time:/
please follow me on keek : im xSuperwomanx3
they sat next to us.
Just the mom, the real little one w her baby, Kim, her booty and some other girl
Just came back from gally, showeerrrrrrr
lmao, here we go!
Is that place in the horseshoe shops in Westport still open?.
Mostly men's hats as I remember but worth a try!
thats great keep up the good work champ!
:
As an adult coughing without covering your mouth should be a crime that is punishable by a kick to the teeth.
Last nights show was awesome!
Stock market: Dow is down 550 pts over the past five sessions.
You bet your sweet ass we are loading up here.
This is a bull market!
you work there or just partying?
talking to coleton on the phone :
Dear world, sorry I forgot to add chef, mentor, Child of GOD, fashion designer, small business owner, lawyer, ceiling crasher, game changer.
Men in the south are so polite!
Sonoda's Sushi LODO 1620 Market St Off the Special Appetizer Menu.
Magic Mushroom 7.25 Chilean Sea Bass 7 and My Fav.
Lobster Roll 13.50
that could be good or bad...hope its good...like with cheese n stuff
Im so sleepy, but we're about to go out to eat :
Here's an idea for the NCAA rules committee this offseason  start calling T's on coaches on the court while ball is in play.
yep, 45 is only bad in the am if you are going south or if you are south of zoo interchange.
Glad I could help :
He finishes my sentences n nos exactly whts on my mind :
Can't wait for L.I.V.E.
tomorrow!
Love to be fed by my kids!!
That moment when your trying to kill time until she replies, but Your shower only stays warm for 10 minutes
The Boobs and the Gang
well well well lookey here, just got a fresh batch of some fucking disgusting dnb.
Sorry, honey.
Sarcasm falls from my mouth as easily as stupidity falls from yours.
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve
6 gigs a week TuesSunday, all free cover!
Dirty Limelight  Mellow Dee Productions  much luv to the supporters!
please help me achieve my doctorami have already cut off my arms and i slide around to practice.if i go toantarctica
who else is going to chefcon?
Bros Ro may need a rooftop annex today!
RT Serving brunch today until 3.
Full espresso bar and 241 mimosas and bloodies!
Fringe IS their good output, stupid.
I doubt it will take that long.
I got called into work just before 7ish..
agree with that one!
Let me know if you guys have any questions!
Make sure you have the bifocals on
hey I missed you last night!
Rock Out With Your Bock Out was great!
Thanks for the heads' up!
If folks get weird messages from me...It is not me!
I am too busy to send out weird notes to folks I don't know.
I spend my time writing.
your habits won't change, but unfortunately your metabolism will.
you mean great?
lol yea it is!!!
1st day of Spring 2012 today.
End of a wacky Winter.
Have a great weekend.
Many thanks for the follows:
can't believe people actually ask you that so excited xo
oh ok, I'll take 1000 washers.
Food for thought for these starving minds.
I read every day.
Currently ferrigno; heart of the assassin and harry potter in french
I can confirm that they do indeed exist
Achim Steiner UNEP Exec Director at Eye on Earth  I hope this summit will provide for citizen science and new partnerships ...
NP Trying to make it last, Emotional luggage nothing of it I don't check bags, I just carry on leave that bullshit in the past
that video was hilarious!!!!
that would be my reaction to such bad news as that.
but i would still buy it.
I either a brought peace to the Middle East or b celebrated my 4year anniversary with Socialtext.
Can you guess which?
john callipari is a snake oil salesman..
it is just too bad memphis is going to get punished and he gets away free cause he quit to go to UK
Yay shift is officially over :
Anyone down to go to Lakers game tonight?
I want to mobb it
Who is watching the grammys
haha how can you not?
:
THIS FINE WOMAN KNOWS BASKETBALL AND SHE'S A HEAT FAN
my sister brought my wings :' I felt like Oliver twist receiving those wings
can you bring me ice cream?
Ben and Jerry's
Which seed have the most success in the NCAA tourney?
Bark at Bilas
Hi my name is Andy Appleseed I like your shoes your feet are so little  I would hit it in the car with your toes on my windshield
get the tater tots!
I went last week for
Cont...Guess I'll have to start banging more Country.
9836; Great Deals on Night Vision Clock DVR Protect Your Privacy
I am bro, still doin work and stayig busy
lol..
whatever.
I'm up so why not watch it.
Tech Issues on MomAdvocateTV today; SO SORRY Come see us everyone July 14th LIVE Show Featuring Empty Nest Expert Natalie Caine
lucky!!
British guys, shopping in London, British guys, eating out, did i mention British guys.
Haha!
I just ate the rest of the mini cinnamon donuts that left at my place Saturday night.
Watching flashbacks from these last 1500 shows making me tear up, getting chills  cracking up!
I love her!
I love my daughter...but I love her even more when she sleeps through the night.
Dear Twitter, I'm sorry we don't chat as much.
My life is spinning like a toilet and I just don't have time.
Let's kiss and make up.
Train your mind to think in terms of 'possible' and 'can be done'.
I LOVED 21JumpStreet !!
DEFINITELY gonna buy it!
Today AcctCongress lunch Core Work of the Community College: Advancing Equity  Opportunity.
Speaker is Anthony S.Bryk, Carnegie Fndtn
lol,i had that doctoram turn reality a long time ago
OK, if we're being honest, DC's still a swamp.
kinda i like cali better
A pleasure as always!
;
A wedding yesterday and a wedding today!
Just keeping busy.
Goodbye, NBA season.
practice on the 26th!
Tommy McDonald calls Ryan whenever he is texting to mess him up...lmfao.....
im sorry : 3
When I go to a bar, I don't go looking for a girl who knows the capital of Maine.
thanks for spreading the word about
Harper is bleeding like a stuck pig.
MoreFemalesShould suck dick more....you want to keep ya man dont you??
That's quote worth reading over and over.
I know but I spelled it the way I was saying it lol
Thank you!!!!
I wuvvv talking to you randomly
Has a love/hate relationship with picking out designs for my ad this year :
yeah I get like 1 suscriber a month haha.
I need more that's why I'm not posting videos.
Slope/
If I make this we're all getting laid.
Throws trash at the garbage and misses ...I'm sorry...
instead you chose to paint competent advisors who care about their clients with the same broad brush to promote your service
then you'd have an empty section for 3 quarters instead of one.
After last night's soldout Bobby Watson shows here, we're excited for jazz masters Bert Dalton Trio to take our stage at 9pm!
Agreed RT : Nice seeing you all yesterday!
I brought you back all doctorssed, but they didn't make it.
R u in Seattle?
It's so terrifying.
Straight people do weird things.
I think my friends are going to hammerheads now for 80s night, idk.
The final right to work bill passes 2822
lil bit of the same.
I think my heart is just to big time to start acting like a dick
what week its been since that show.....wow, do i love what i do....
Why you say that?!?!?
crazy!
Ill have to check in with you in a few hours to see how bad it is
On different note, spent last two days scouring the web to find info on best lodges to visit in Peruvian Amazon.
Know one?
listening to on Spotify.
I haven't even finished one song and I know I love it.
truth it'sgreat
No T.O.
indeed.
Official word from the team is coming soon...
No one, I just guessed!
I hate school.
Have I mentioned that I hate school?
I'm so stressed out.
gah!
damn I think I'm goin Thursday for the 60 cent boneless wings lol
BlackBerry Music Gateway Uses NFC to Stream Audio  PC Advisor
Best part is I can start using this summer!
Which is awesome because I am planning to take classes each session.
Mention Friday the 13th tomorrow for a good luck 8 64oz growler refill.
U of Oregon say its next stage of process: NCAA delivers notice of inquiry; formally investigating Ducks scouting services
Billy Boy Brad spins some vinyls tonight.
You know.
A record player.
Bring your favorites.
He'll play em along with his own collection.
hey I logged a million tweets for yall in attempt to win tickets while no one else hardly entered.
what happened?
I'm losted.
Congrats to all my friends graduating from and this week.
Hard to believe it has already been a year since I graduated.
Good Night mentions???
lls, night life.
BODHI Grand Opening Today in Chandler, AZ from 48 pm.
Come join the fun!
www.bodhibody.com
I just want to sleep.
I dont care about family dinners D; jk..jk..
Safer to stick to real journalists like Breitbart, Kaufman,  Fox news, right?
Happy to be hanging out with my dad.
About to watch Gran Torino.
Weird, 'cause Dad looks just like Clint E.
indeed.
Sigh...this is the civil rights movement all over again.
You'd think we'd already have learned this lesson.
great.
ANSI Standards are U.S.
centric  the rest of the world is interested in intl standards.
Thanks!
I gotta check my schedule!
Hay!
See how long it took me to respond!
This is sad.
There has to be a work/life twitter balance in my future.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!
At an ARC Communications mtg  do you know what we do?
it's more like gin rummy :D Happy Easter Zee!
Oh and PS.
Hot mama professorle pic!!!
Track meet this saturday at UWPlatteville
hah I hear ya!
I will be equally pissed off if the Squeelers get Hightower!
There was talk of getting a group of SLIS knitters together sometime.
We could even do it virtually.

discount from My Plumber on all services for Veterans, Active Duty, Reservists  Family Members Everyday!
I hate when I'm too the point of my weird cry thing.
whats that other website you told me about for the stories?
Man wine creeps up
I'm not going to say you can't play country music on a Flying V...but why?
two days of sun in atlanta..
i don't know what to do with myself
Congrats on NCAA 2nite!
What do u think about reprising ur Role in THE BOY IS MINE da Feature Film op
a really fun campaign!
Expendables?
Don't mind if I do.
Cool!
It turned out to be a beautiful day in Seattle.
We hope you have a good time up top!
or more like...
hm..
which stage will I be bringing my skill to first?!
: RT : There is no easy button!
Persistence pays!
The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved
Official hashtag for our cd release on Friday is mania!
very cool!
It would be truly amazing if UL and UK played in the final four.
I am cheering for both teams this weekend!
I hate clingy ppl...
that is so unattractive!!
I MISS U3
The first 3 peple to DM VIP to get VIP passes for next week!
Thank u jesus for this morning thank u for another day giving by u JESUS, I PRAY THAT ALL OF U FRIENDS FAMILY N FRINDS TO BE HAVE A BLESS DY
that's my shit
OMG that looks so delicious!!!!!!
You should TOTALLY be a chef!!!!
YUM!
it's true!
Swallowing and maintaining eye contact is sexier...not that i've done such, being a.virgin and all
We hope everyone in Dallas is safe!
Follow me this week as heads to SATWNZ  we can't wait to see you in New Zealand!
Haven't ate all day because I've been waiting for this huge family dinner.
Let's eat already!
I'm starving.
.wow !just wow!
1 month till the Baltimore invasion!!
Are you coming down to the Inner Harbor with us??
People in hiding have something to hide.
Parks has actively, with our partners, been removing nonnative invasives and conducting volunteer plantings
that1friend who makes you crack up randomly when you think about all the crazy crap you pulled off together.
sigh..
RT : great place for brunch and awesome bloody Mary's
just realized camp is free...
i'm pretty dumb.
a free jersey is what i'm giving away.
I really wish Hubert Davis would quit saying players are great penetrators.
any decision yet?!
RT : a diet high in alpha  beta carotenoids pigments.
Algae and various invertebrates.
Thanks!
waiting for new....
more....happy.....holiday!
send to receive.
only UX people could be excited about that.
Z that's my girlfriend omarion voice
well still your door could've hit it hah
Thanks for the correction.
Others noticed as well.
only has 12 bottles per store.
Nights spent with 
Thanks for following , , , ,
he would be a better fit and I'm sure they would thrive if he came to the
I need to get our Society in this thinking of doing Webinars.
So many great choices.
I know your childoctorn won't go to those cheap places again.
If you let me know where that cheap place is, I might help clean it out.
Slainte, !
What can we look forward to today?
i'll find out for sure tomorrow.
Has Kottaras actually started against LHP very much this year?
I don't think that's really been an issue, IIRC.
I guess productive was the wrong word to use cause that wasn't helpful at all
When you miss your opportunity 
My ankles are sore like a pregnant woman
whatever.
I was spelling it like did :P
You gotta love some people from a distance.
We're excited to have you!
Trumpets rule.
RT : Can't wait for the festival.
It's going to be a great weekend.
amazing!
Thanks for coming to see us...
We love you
I wonder whenever he sees us talking about jerry I wonder if jerry goes up in response?
Lol
things that make me go hm!
lmaooo love you too :
We work so hard, but because we work so hard doing the wrong things, we don't get the best results that we could have.
EVERYONE'S GOTTEN THEIRS BUT ME :,
what's for dinner new york?
i vote sell everything and get new stuff for selfish reasons.
i bet you'd have an awesome yard sale.
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.Napoleon Hill
metta goin ham but hell...what you expect?
aint like he renamed himself joe or somthing normal.
he picked a i hope hes not on doctorgs name
good to know.
Thanks for reassuring me of my safety.
Great to connect w/ other web developerswould love to chat w/ you about ecommerce systems you are using!
I'm uploading a promo tonight that had one of my new songs on it: look out for it:
Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soaponarope
Hah!
Hey the ETrac is an incredible machine  great choice  when are you ordering??
i hate bein lied to , ha.
you funny.
Find a 3yearold and make her your beta tester for your mobile site w/gestures.
She's not poisoned by convention.
: Shawty u da shit like u was born in the restroom xD
Batteries recharged; must post makeup tweets from Day 1 of THATCampFL!
ROCSI, WATCH YA BACK AND WHAT YOU SAY OR DO TO MB TOMORROW TEAMMINDLESS WILL FUCK UP YOUR MENTIONS BRO.
Rtweet go follow and and and they tweet like crazy and get followers mention me wen done
what are their names!
Busy day at work
Recruiting is sales.
Tommy Digger Gugger
Over the CBA 10 year term for funding of thousands of guys education.
Man Kyle...
Have you tried our Cinnamon Streusel Coffeecake?
Sour cream coffeecake with a stripe of cinnamon walnut streusel!!!
Awesome!!!
thanks for chatting.
Have a great evening.
We saw you in the audience.
Our daughter thought maybe you did it!
I feel normal again :P
Good night
HELP!
Twitter...Las Vegas.
Good restaurants?
Let me know.
I love you RT for a rate
Rainy days in Denver brings beautiful flowers.
Left my feelings in the past, you can't get in touch with me
Is Not Wit Tha Shit , She Sleep Already 
Shopping in Gainesville!!
Looks like additional government approvals need to happen first.
It should only affect future loans you take out.
VOTE!
BIG props to all our transcribers, giving a textual, searchable, and accessible voice to our performers.
A Thank You post is in the works!
Someone should really text me cause I dying my hair and I'm solo boredd.
Sim Simmer, who got the keys to my Bimmer?
RT : We are so excited too for the Conference How to Launch  Operate a Restaurant in DC
i finally get to see !
Friday  Saturday at bamboozle :
trust me i know...
Its gonna be another Jr, but a girl, all over again
what???
she's hella nice
need a manband?
FL residents can get 25 off La Nouba tickets until June 22 with proof of residency  advance purchase
Oscar Wilde Art Quote of the DayI paint objects as I think them, not as I see them
Time sure flies by!
why would you put this on here
Go Grizzlies!
It's really been almost 18 years tho
let's make a vlog already!
People can be so heartless....
/3
Me?
Dirty minded !?!
I like to call it imaginative
she gave me an F 
You like ?
You got questions for him?
Well, tweet them already.
Sheesh.
Not gonna lie, being at work today while everyone is out is pretty great.
Congrats on your GM partnership!
tell them you broke your finger ill wrap it up and send you with a doctor excuese tomorrow :  PlanForEverything
thank u!
and i wish u a good day also!
How was AC?
Did you guys ever link up?
Exciting News!
Seasons 52 will be opening a restaurant at Country Club Plaza in Kansas City, MO during Spring 2012.
you're not going to catch me putting my love in brackets.
Boyfriendvideo OMG Premiere NOW :D will it take to get my love
crazy.
My friend interviewed for a job with the Coronado guy who's son  gf died.
She met him a few months prior.
It was odd
idk if im jealous of her or feelin sorry for myself..
I see you, lady at Whole Foods, and you should NOT be in the 10 items or fewer line.
Happy 102nd birthday to the Boy Scouts of America today!!
who the fuck is that?
Why is smisteri held to a higher standard than traditional advertising?
We came into this saying that digital is more measurable.
Yes, unfortunately.
My eyes are super heavy and I'm so tired, yet I've been tossing and turning for hours now!!
haha yeah love it puttin their foot down!
Me and are the same person, apparently.
But how to pay for it?
Jeez.
I need to start plotting.
Shouldn't she be blindfolded for the walk to Ben's room?
woo hoo!
first day of Black History Month!
thanks Carter G.
Woodson.
I'll always love you!
your not here !!!
I want my cheese cake medina !!
I haven't seen that movie in forever.
I'm going to watch it today.
Thanks!
she wake up every morning wit dat dick on her breathe she aint lookin for love she look like foe help
With Danny Briere out due to the big hit by Pens yesterday, Crosby better keep his head up next game
Are you following our new Athletic Director Mike McCaffrey?
Now's your chance.
Very true.
They taking forever to bring mhe my food !!
A nigga hungry
yes.
yes you will.
i could do lunch tomorrow or thursday!
are you going today?
RT if ur so nervous about Idol right now
I meant 1983 amendment to the social security trust.
Apologies
tennessee : you?
City Council discusses land use of McIntire Park east.
Is it just about golf and botanical garden?
I think its awsome I responded to my own twitter account instead of to you
Gone Chopin.
Bach in a minuet.
Do you need an 8 ball for when customers ask silly questions?
I like everything but the last part ..
crying is not allowed especially that special night : p
please tell me they haven't killed Raven on Twitter?
Can't wait to see The Today Show tomorrow!
lol.
I was like turn your locator on so I can find you...hahah
also, stoners.
don't forget, they make the world go 'round
In case you haven't heard, there will be a secret artist coming to Kylestock this year!
I promise you all know who he is!
Don't miss it!
Night :D
Agreed.
That's why Our Hero and the Badgers are running away from UMKC.
Looks like there's a lot more instagrammers , follow me  Chicmom
RIP Adam Yauch.
At least he lived long enough to see them get into the R'n'R Hall of Fame
This is true.
Millions of  outweigh a lot of the risk of everything.
Chilling making beats, trying to see whatsgood on this studio situation.
Don't get fooled your imagination can be your worse enemy!
it's almost picture time!
you'll see some new changes...
We just met and your telling me your problems already?
Please go that way!
awww!
This was the year we became friends.
When ppl ask about school friends, I always say u were one of my 1st  best friends
where did you go?:
HELP US GET 5 MORE FOLLOWERS TO HELP FINDACURE!!!!
WE FOLLOW BACK
im all out of words theres nothing i could say to you, to take away the hurt, so let me pray you through.
good win penz
Wherever there is danger, there lurks opportunity; whenever there is opportunity, there lurks danger.
E.
Nightingale
Nothing like an inability to sleep to help you hone your bass playing skillsDalton
Wow, everyone sucks at playing words with friends.
What gives?
Dancing with the Stars on.
This is full on middle aged porn.
at least it was finally a good game to watch
Hi Darling!
I know, boo hoo!!
Lorraine is there so at least I can live vicariously this time!
How's London?
Felt good today, well that is until I got hit in my bad ankle playing soccer
I had to be out for awhile, we've talked before about your pictures.
Under my other avi which is TRay043 you mentioned
Need to clear my mind ..
Be back on twitter tonight ...
LOL midday is perfect.
it can be via phone.
let me know what number to call you at and when.
i must get u into this article :
f that!
K love is bothering me lately.
Too cocky.
:: President Obama's speech in Afghanistan tonight will be 9 years to the day since President Bush gave his 'Mission Accomplished' speech.
does a quick check thru kitchen cabinets.
where was the cereal?
stomach growls of course, finally hungry  I can't find the food...
just having the same conversation!
how much must that cost!
you guys are cute
Hot ticket item!
RT : Fiending for a nutter butter from Swung by there yesterday to get one  they were sold out
Crossing international borders automatically adds years to ones sentence, doesnt it?
That's the tastiest flavor besides green.
In my very own personal opinion of course.
I think my body has been primed to know when it's the weekend because I am not even a bit tired.
RT: your body on my body 

Lay your head on my pillow, just relax...relax...relax...
Hahahahahaha.
I hav a feeling all clubs in the states will be yelling that this summer.
nyrb should scrap that kit altogether...
Awesome man.
It was my third FinalFour, but my first where I wasn't working.
Had a great time.
High top fade for prom?
Yeaaahbuddy!
Looking forward to our early dinner at 's Bottega
Today I am thankful for my kids and my husband  they always know how to put a smile on my face!
OHH IM SORRY WHY IS THAT?
You're speaking my language!
deondoctor needs to hurry up with her hair
Can you hear it?
847 is saying, Reesie Puff, come home.
I've been here 32 years and think the same thing every day...
: I've been deceived with the PDX weather lol
domo hat!!
Lol that's legit!:
Can't seem to fall asleep, where the hell is my nyquil?
This might be my favorite one so far!
Keeping my guard up i dont want that creeper near me!!!!
D:
doctorams of swimming in Kerbey queso
I blast 's covers when i'm sick ;
Back to performance  is our political incivility performance in search of point like debate?
SEO sounds sexy.
It is actually hard work.
That's the secret.
What say, you, me go out on the down and swing, baby?
Yea  Austin Powers
Avoid payin dues and youre bound to pay, Grind too much get Ground Away
Never fall in love with a man only fall in love with what he can bring to the table ; 3
Quick Q: Is there timestamp based access to github resources?
eg version of file X at time Y?
Thanks!
Yankees redsox tonight.
Okay
you've been in my Firefox bookmarks for mad long!!!
Ok, I now have a working twitter App.
Back to the madness lol
Dear sweet chocolate covered berries, why?
For the hen party?
You'll be on your feet a lot anyway, why torture yourself?
Yum, Tim Riggins
Thank you!
RT : Tune into to listen to the homie spin!!!!!
He's killin it right now!
Our Veep of Operations, is sharing the insider secrets to saving money on rehab supplies in a class at Lowes today.
yeah, i seriously regret it!
There is nothing wrong with chasing money but what happens when it catches up to you.
loving Cap'n America!
Shit now I wanna see Thor and Iron Man 2 am I a tool or what
It's so easy to fall in love but hard to find someone who will catch you.
Done!
Following new people is fun
Josh on xfactor blows me away.
His voice is like cake at fat camp, butter on popcorn, snow on Christmas morning.
Cause you broke all your promises.
Spring Break is finally here....rain finally stopped....the fun starts here and now...Zuma Fun Center is open today from 10am to 8pm.
and at the end of the day, the only good dissertation is a done dissertation!
My own interracial marriage would have been illegal as recently as 1966.
Looking forward to it!
:
Yo, is at Spring Fling tonight in Spartanburg on the stage!
showtime 8p.
and boys that TyPe LIke that are.....
jk
Let's go iceskating and to DisneyLand!!!
Don't let adverse facts stand in the way of a good decision.
Collin Powell
hey girl hey.
Let's get together soon  music or no music 
Congrats!!!
5 years on Twitter
: When you lose your friend to a girl.
pussywhipped sound familiar
some of these bitches think they gettin a check...jus kno we rackedup over here
I wanna love you in slow motion.
iWillNeverTrust a man with fake Jordan's on.
When I take code out of a content page it works fine.
Something is up with my master page.
Never experienced this before.
Happy mothers day to all my family and friends that i dont have a number too.
Sign up for a free account today at www.vetsunite.com  The Social Network
Just ordered the wife her 1st smartphone.
She's finally coming out of the darkages.
yea your site is completely crashed.
nice work!
kinda jealous.
I've never been there :
I'm really getting into the 8th season of Law and Order SVU.
Who knew there was a plot line?!
Curious to know what the Freshbooks integration will consist of.....
Flex Mussels.
One upper East, one south of mid town.
Happy Easter!!
To all I love!
To all my fans, and those who love me!
Hey Lady!!
How are ya?
And you love it!
Right?
location?
I am assuming Minneapolis?
Thanks!
Just got nextlevel van tagged by Well played, boys.
up thankful for another day at life
Who is your biggest idol?
Your novel is amazing.
So you have a contest and the winner becomes a character in the story?
That is so cool!
Diana Taylor is teaching my new book, The Transreal, w  more, in her class on Embodiment in NYU Performance Studies!!!
Am I allowed to spend the remaining time to be served in Colorado doctornk off my ass?
have always been doctorwn to troubled idealists.
what up!
Just started as the new Systems and Emerging Technologies Librarian at the Biddle Law Library at the University of Pennsylvania!
not baaddd.
how are you?
you totally got this!
Pump up the worship and get in the zone!
We're about done with University!
Woo hoo!
Looks like I'm off this week.
Oh well!
parts yes but I'd still need someone to show up at the performances as well...buy may not stay the whole time
add my fan page on facebook Vanilla's Ladies if you love a good dirty urban read with a females point of view on pimping
how's Kobe's team doing?
Hahaha.
1DTourUSA Chicago, June 2nd, Section 111 row H seat 26 INBETWEENERS DANCE GO.
: follow me :
Thanks for the follow
Just made myself a strawberry yogurt honey granola parfait.
That's probably News to some but who says you have to be smart to have a like page on Facebook lol just an agent actually
They tell me life's a gamble I hola bet
is Ryan Verdugo, Wa State kid on the roster today for the Royals?
In other words, though this feels basketballdoctorven, it's really not.
Time moves quickly and can't be recovered so regretting what you just did continues to waste time...do what you love and don't audit later!
good iPad typing skills are priceless for increasing efficiency
I think I was just threatened lmao dats it fa dat shit all feelings Jus left the building
Diet Mountain Dew baby New York City, never was there ever a girl so pretty.
Off with younger bro to midnight showing of transformers 3!!
Yay fun summer movies
busy writing Saturnalia carol: We'll doctorg out the couch and gamble/ Forget all about Hannibal/ Cuz nothing frightens like Titans..
can I be in the story??
nah.
There's no reason for me to be mad at you..
Justin Beiber looks a little lost in the ring.
someone needs to throw a big prom afterparty ...
Been a great night so far at
Justice Johnson of the Texas SC delivers opinion in Gilbert Texas Construction v.
Underwriters at Lloyds London concerning a CGL policy.
she ain't messing w.
no broke niggas .
Tebow time is over!
Manning to the Donco's.
Time to whoop some more Manning buttocks!
So glad to have you in the AFC!
Cool.
Let me know if you need any help.
Happy Wednesday everyone!
What is your snow situation?
Here in downtown Indy we have no accumulation.
Is your child's school delayed?
Our show returns tomorrow with Big Game comic Matt Fulchiron.
I have the most amazing hubby in the world!!!!
he should ride a stationary bike!
should work for me
: Man I Havent Got Any Real Sleep Since Last Week ZombieLifeStyle
what a Monday...so tired...
cool have a great day almost as great as your ass!;p
come out to the Palouse and I'll show yea how them bonfires work!!:
maybe now i can focus on making myself happy :
No, not an upgrade 4 me.Need to purchase CPO thunderbolt.
How often is VZW CPO page updated?
Whats the best way to get one?
I LOVE YOUR BROTHER.3 ;
u keep replyin to the wrong names haha.
im done changin em.
but its that level, if your head almost hits the wall
Lame at bat by Garrett.
We just launched some new features for groupon .com.
I would love to hear your thoughts
We sure do hope you have your iPhone ready because we are about to turn it upside down with the first HBCU Mobile App coming soon
I was gardening, and my dad came up to me and asked if I found any body parts.
It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job: it's a depression when you lose yours.
Harry S.
Truman
SO excited for you :
Come to 16mm, a screening of 4 experimental films in response to Justin Boyd's Dubforms!
Feb.
29th 6:30 PM at the VAC!
ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs that we're to ignorant to see what is right in front of us to enjoy the simple things and therefore love them
Wingstop and Buffalo Wild Wings,
omg.
its so funny when your dentist has rotten teeth.
like wth.
.
Had no idea who Sarah Phillips was until this afternoon, now I'm very intrigued by this whole thing
the self is not something one finds, it is something one creates.
Thomas Szasz
compulsive liar..
smh u don't have to make up big stories to impress me
I was watching some youtube video's  i realized madonna sold her soul to the devil for fame!
Seriously my life can't gett any better, thank you for making it this way!
:
i cant stop watching their alan carr interviews omg.
Work.
Errands.
More work but outside.
Now relax.
I never thought this day would come, but I'm finally over that time the Brewers traded away Greg Vaughn in 1996.
Congratulations!
Mover  Shaker indeed!
Much deserving of the title!

1996 The Spice Girls make their U.K.
TV Debut on music show Top of the Pops 
RT I bet carlos gonna try to teach me how to dance house music
Oh Ivanka, to be up this early I should have sent you a caffeinated Wired Waffle!
We have a handful of FLEX / ActionScript Developer Jobs in Seattle.
bit.ly/dDn0WQ
youdustyif your grown still walking around wearing animated backpacks.
It's Kettner Nights so Come check out the Shops tonight on Kettner Boulevard in Little Italy Stop by  Mingle over Snacks  a Glass of Wine.
I am so Hungry!!!!
what a high today
I don't have any friends that are upset by Obama's remarks.
In fact, everyone is celebrating.
GoTribe I hate to bring this up but the Boston media was getting on Derek Lowe in 2004 for golfing while nursing a bl...
Haha thanks, let's go for it!
We love both Bears and Karate, but not Cheetahs and Jujitsu.
Do you know why?
Blog post by Paul Butler
i have this weird thing about people calling themselves artist.
say it only once for every legit piece of art you create.
Good Morning!
Windy day, but still writing up proposals, and working on fences today!
:
Rather suspect Minnesota is gaining an international reputation as the place where things collapse.
Lately, youre the only person Ive been wanting to talk to.
thanks for the follow  got a favorite movie quote?
great now I have that song stuck in my head.
Watch out for Smokey today.
What's wrong?!
With at the lakers vs.
Knicks game.
Wonder what their production budget is!
so I called her back and she wouldn't get on the phone so I told William to tell her that I was only kiddin and I was sorry
Funny..I'm a dental hygienist, I just had sinus surgery and I am also praising God!!!
Happy Holidays and safe travels.
send Santa my way, would ya?!
Alright, that was the last one.
MySpace is lame now.
Shouldnt have gone and changed everything!
cough Facebook cough
B Remove you from president of my fan club, that's what.
Come'on Man!
We're rooting for you, snatch the ball out of the air and make something happen!
Great D so far!
being a good mother is always in opposition to being a good worker in the US.
Unless you're a poor mother receiving benefit.
Ugh
Please be couple on her graduation PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE.
oh really?
anyone know elizabeth kay from 99.1 shed b a good MC?
Really?
:O How come didn't you go to one of her concerts there?
Welcome to Good Burger.
Home of the Good Burger.
Can I take your order?.
Is Jacobsen still going to ASU.
Men willingly believe what they wish.
Julius Caesar
Your not doctornk if you can lie on the floor without holding on
Gangshooting case: Adult charges for 2 teens rare
im mad you cut out like that and didnt say bye :
what brand are these so I can also become addicted?
OMG clippers and Lakers tomorrow where is the medication/ stash of Johnnie Walker
Nothing like a super Mario brothers w/party hype remix to work out to!
Thanks !
Tomorrow at 2PM!
We release our first song from our EP!
!!!!!!!!Follow and you might win the Milwaukee Person of the day!!!!
New person every day!!!!
God Mooorrrrrnnniinnnn rise n grind time to shine.
Todays word is focus.
Stay focus on the prize.
Heading out to launch party at Who else will be there?
Big day at Twestival Baltimore.
Today, we announce the lineup for the HFTWESTIVAL!!!!
Dear analysts, why play the Superbowl?
To hear the talk Green Bay already lost...
Go Pack Go!!
This time, he says Look, mate.
I think it's obvious that MY name isn't Jaclyn, ok?
PLEASE stop calling.
The rep replies are you Irish?
I was awake at 4, but ours has an engine.
Our neighbors would have been pissed but maybe it would have killed our tenant's afterbar.
This really cant get any better 3
Day by day construction clearing up the bkf
I almost voted in the Repug primary, but couldn't vote for either!!
On painmeds now so not feeling anything, mister tomorrow we will see...miss you francis!
Exactly!
RT : A5: Yes, if you dont aim for a target it will be dumb luck if you hit anything.
Today is National Kiss Day!
So what's up!?
ha, ha, yes, I've had the same experience.
Really there is no one New Mexicothere are as many as there are peopleevery one uniqueshaped by memory, worldview, hopes, and plans.
Character capacity is about the space, freedom and safety to bring our whole beings to work.
What keeps you from bringing your full self?
Walked passed 2 guys sitting in a car with the dance version of the cotton eyed joe song CRANKED.
Nothing weird about that....
Congrats on your fitness agent!!!
You rock!
On Our Way To The Airport::
Hubert Robert's four ruin portraits are immense.
I wonder if they were inspired by real scenes.
I'd like to think they were.
Omg only 5 more mins yes !!?:
ahh feels good when im done working out hahaha feels refreshed idk y
I can't believe went home but he will go far in his music career cuz he's gud
Malone's is about to be on this morning!
Be sure to tune in!
how about milwaukee?
I spoke to a former NFLer's daughter/caretaker yesterday, said her father was uneasy about filing lawsuit but joined because of Alex Karras
haha i dont seem to have any recollection of why im not shit :p
Well, good morning folks!!
Hows the ladies today
but what website?:o ksbausbshw I HAVE TO KSJDBSHS
please please please follow me I love you so much i am you number 1 fan ever
me to!
I'd die like 10 times, come back to life, then die again,  cry.
can i come?
I'm TOO nice sometimes...
Is it just me or is anyone else totally unimpressed with the AmericanIdol ladies?
Looks aren't everything, boy judges!
What do cherries, margaritas, and toothpaste have in common?
Shauna exercises her sweet tooth at Jelly Belly Factory, Sat  8:30pm
I think you are still hacked.
Just got a DM from you 20 mins ago.
u wanna text
haha i cant stop playing this dang song!
Tony Parker Finishes 5th in 201112 Most Valuable Player Voting
Laidback Luke tonight in Philly!!
Can we get David Cone on twitter.
We have you, Bob Lorenz, Jack Curry.We need more Yankees on twitter besides the 3 stooges
Eyes are doctor.
Lids are tired.
Neck is curved upward.
: YOU are AMAZING!
Any woman would be lucky to have you as a Valentine.
;
Thanks for letting me know
love this, thanks!
smh who you going form?
LET'S GO
Beat the beat up
So.
I just heard Senator Scott Brown speak.
Wish I could be at bamboozle so bad!
Congrats on the new job!
Big loss for us/, big gain for the Big Apple!
you're an inspiration man.
Keep speaking that
is that a FroYo flavor?
Or whatever you people call it.
Want to go to SEE The Artist cuzz apparently no one talks!
Clearly I remember picking on the boy seemed a harmless little fuck
If I am , oh well
Woooweee.
Busy week.
The tired never stops.
It was amazing.
Dems knocked on 234k doors and WAW must be at least 150k..over 400k total but only about 20 home.
Time to make last push!
The hardware store over on Monroe Ave., across from the Y, is good for keys and many other things.

i fricken  you omg my appointments went great!
Baha
end of 3 claims the lead at 86 over One quarter remaining in
slept from 3pm yesterday until 430am this morning...
fail
These guys are good!!
If you haven't seen or heard them yet, now is the time!!
It's daily.
Seriously, I'm convinced it's contractually obligated to only work 45 hours a day; nevermind my 8 ...
tastemakersks!
So sad I had to get off the call early.
Learning from others strides and setbacks is a lesson and a blessing
why he blocked u
FUTP60 RT Discovery school was such a blast!!!
Thanks everyone for having me!
Get active and doctornk your milk!!
review it up
Heading to Kraeger Park for St.
Charles soccer5th grade girls against 6th grade St.
Vincent's.
It'll be a tough onego Cardinals!
.
Which side of division do you come down on?
Or are there more than 2 sides?
12 Days of Celebmas: Celebrity Hair Transformations of 2011 On the sixth day of Celebmas, Celebuzz gave to me .
.
.
six brand
I've thought of that myself xD a girl I go to school with is one  I asked her a bunch of questions about it, sounds easy  fun xP
Journalism.
Raiders is topfive alltime dude.
Chris Paul with 3 assists on the afternoon to go along with 4 turnovers and 7 rebounds.
My daily routine: wake up, be amazing, go back to bed lol
Filling out my addoctorss for the 4th time on a comic sans employee information sheet from EA, sad
Ouch!
Hope you feel better soon :
do you ever go to houzz.com?
doctorol.
Blake Griffin hands down RT : Which player has the best dunks in the NBA
If your dog has a reason to come and knows its way home.
It'll always come home.
Same thing goes for your man.
I think I've only done one horror movie, Psycho I
I'm sorry Ubuntu I'm having a huge issue still wrapping my head around the Unity interface, does that make me bad?
Hey Love whats up???
On way home...I'm going to miss my lil spa weekend at the Westin and on the dinner cruise
Thank you.
I'm so glad that she won.
Don't get mad, but I'm not super impressed by this whole moon thing.
i just created a hasthag for my Wednesday social media event WLUsocialmedia; am tweeting articles and video am reading in prep for it
Cannot wait for the BayernMunich v InterMilan match!
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality.
NOW Following HELLO SISTER!!!
If you like salsa or bachata go to Millennium Hotel tonite in STL!
Tremendous party guaranteed!
Also, dance performances!
Did you know that Associate Members can borrow ARE study materials for FREE from our office on Chase Street?
Loving the first day of fall
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL KEEP OUR TROOPS IN YOUR THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS ,BRING THEM HOME SAFE 2012
Celine Dion coming back to Vegas Special Concert for her big return opening  Caesars Tuesday March 15th 2011 send your request to MVP
I can't sleep.
Confidence  how nerve cells: almost restored.
It's getting late for the Budget Committee: CM Englander just asked the Planning Department for a report back on a football team.
DUDE!
I miss you man!!
Where you at?
I need a pep talk dude, and you need to get your mind right and holler at me.
My music understands me better than anyone Vibin .
hmm okay.
Lets shoot
I love you too.
Old doctormline shiiit.
...while eat my oatmeal, doctornk alkaline water and work
Sometimes I cry because of your perfection.......wait what?
Stop at Gerrity's and pick up some Hanover's .5 ounce Halloween bags.
It's the only place in the world that still has them.
:
what are you seeing while you watch so very closely?
I'm waiting for them to acknowledge k12.
Happy Monday, hope everyone had a great weekend!
I'm from Bellingham!
omg not yet lol but probably in the near future
where are you
RT : Thanks Patsy!
I like how it came out.
//Did you Stumble it?
RT : Steve is the best.
RT : thanks much  great :  Just learned from today
Sign up, we can fly in together and be roomies!
Or we could hit up one of those one day workshops for high falls in NY.
FLYSTAR MONEY GANG, FLYSTAR MUSIC GROUP, FMG WE BLESSED CONTRACTS R STEADY COMN TO US WE R DEF SIGNING SOON MMG,DEF JAM,UNIVERSAL
I guess when u r doing the equivalent of none, does it really matter, as long as u do 1 or other?
It's more than what I was doing.
I'm the one learning to enjoy basketball and who's snoring thru this must watch game?
Not me!
Good job on the sponge video shoot today.
I think should invite Sloth to all future performances.
Getting excited!
I'm launching my multimedia project Feb 1

a situation is unpopular, a good official must not shirk it.
He cannot take the easy way.
He must face it and try to solve it.
The Ibis fly side by side, front to back, floating, dipping, riding the wind, 30 or more.I only imagine when the FL sky was black with them.
Provided I can hack it out of its frosty Frigidaire time machine before the next century.
Im beyond tired and i need a massage...
waiting in the MKE airport headed to PHL.
1 hour delay on this snowy day.
But soon, the warm suns of Africa !
is rapidly growing and hiring positions throughout the company.
Stop by their booth for my info today.
exacttarget.com
Team work and beer sesh!
I just voted for DAF11THetherington at the Dumbo Arts Fest for the ATT Audience Award.
I have Friday and Monday off.
Woo :D
Ok, really Coffee Bean?
I think '10 minute time outs' stopped when I was 5.
I am very proud of you...re: WHCA board.
I need to find someone who can bring a computer back from the dead.
I think I got a very nasty virus.
Help?
3wordforyou I feel Nice
are those spatulas in your avatar?
What a glorious day in Granby, CT!
It finally feels like Spring is here!
pretty good!!
I've got a couple more days here.
Love it.
Everything is perfect.
Where would I be had Tammy not encouraged me to resume live music 10 years ago?
Else, I might've given it up completely.
Can't imagine.
Oh I've tweeted before IYKWIM.
I don't know what I mean.
im sorry i dont see your type of music on the charts.
hahahahaha
VERY Impressive After 2 hours of training I am officially exhausted.
But, according to my I burned 770 calories!
Is granola even good for you?
Let's be real.
Yes!
We do press releases.
Good times last night at :
What happens when your will to live no longer takes center stage ??
Welcome to Twitter , KnolwedgeWorks' Pres and CEO!
please follow me!
i converted some people into Mahomies!
:D
Congrats to the Rays for sweeping the Yankees.
It's a long season, but I would rather be 30 then start out 03.
Some folks reporting about 's new film THE GREEN INFERNO are totally missing the Cannibal Holocaust reference.
If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
John Quincy Adams
Obviously there was a potato sack race that day.
The next time someone gives you a compliment say thank you and really let it soak in.
People love you!
way to go Ash!!
That's awesome!
Take my finals for me
is holding it down after 4 innings for the , 10 O's at the top of 5th
Everything is always my fault , I always have to take the blame .
u are just to beautiful for words god its nuts lol even in my wildest doctorams couldnt doctoram up a more beautiful women
My brother hasn't pitched this bad in 3 years.......
is on fire today
I think so....
I think there is a cocktail party on Saturday?
Are you coming Saturday?
You can't lose something you never had.
MADISON YOU SEX GOD OMG WUT
ill be there march 2227 most likely.
staying at mandalay bay where my boy works.
there is like 7 of us goin.
u need too!!!
and Thanks for following
Agree!
: It AMAZES me how immature boys can be
stop bringing rosie on the today show
This past weekend.
Yes
Our pleasure!
Hey Tyler, names on tickets not required for entry.
They'll need valid ID to prove 18 and a valid ticket.
You missing out!
Run home lol!
it's great to be here, though mostly applying for jobs so somewhat preoccupied :
Probably soon!
We are from Florida!
If not then probably on tour next year!
Veteran writer adds big pen to New Media team
Making Impressions: North Plains potter and teacher Michael Simmons readies work for next weekend's Ceramic Showcase in...
Follow Us Please??:
MyBiggestFearIs people thinking i'm a shark instead of a dolphin trying to help
do they have sugar free?!
Ha
On our Facebook page..we still need 1 winner for a pair of tix to Lucky Deluxe tonight ..go there!
If I wasn't going to NYC today, I'd be at enjoying their 60 inch tv on the patio, tons of food and watching the Caps game!
Congrats on finishing!
Left a comment for you on your blog.
can the latter exist without the former?
All perception is relative.
Without bad, there can be no good.
thank you so much!
I wish I could be there and pinch your baby's cute cheeks :
love you too beautiful text me3
My mom needs to stop hooking me up with her friend's kids.
Rookie's I'm guessing make the 100: Cam Newton, Von Miller, A.J.
Green Patrick Peterson
RT : The Kardashian's are so talented!
thanks we intend to have fun!
This coffees making me want to run around the store naked
I'm actually a nice person .
LMAO RT : Facebook needs to add a Still banging my ex as a relationship status option.
Just imagine what would have happened if all three asked on the same day without you having committed yourself to Slovenia.
Mailing this week!
Mailing this week!
not sure what SLU is, but if I'm in town I will be sure to be there!
:
Went shopping, found this shirt but I really didn't feel like going into the doctorssing room so I just stripped in the middle if the store:
It takes much more courage, strength of character, and inner conviction to forgive than it does to hang on to lowenergy feelings.
Yeah right.
mister T and Tom Arnold were classics.
Oh you're having a grad party and invited 1,200 of your closest friends on Facebook?
Let me know how that goes.
hey boy hey ; haha
If you're wondering what SOPA is, go check wikipedia....
Tomorrow
Oh!
That has a completely different meaning for us guys :D
What do I do!?!
Common Plumbing fixes are at: oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com See you there!
We want to reach out and tell women with ovarian cancer and their families, we are here for you.
Call if your need support.
www.docit.org
you too!
have a good day
My girl ain't doing a thang at home, that's why I'm right here with you.
And ion really care if you tell, but tell me if you do.
please follow back sexy

cruz, this time I read it and felt dulcet tone
Let's go Donald doctorver!
I just don't get the chick who wanted to be on America's Next Top Model...
she's just not even that good of a singer.
Ugh..
AI is so rigged.
Im one sarcastic mother fucker.
It was awesome and inspiring to meet and chat with and others tonight.
Thank you!
it has to be done and so shall I wait.
Hard to handicap today's beards  poofy chops, neck pelts, a classic mustache  was Edwin Morgan a vampire?
So many questions.
Indeed.
At the very least his argument puts all sexual accountability on women.
It's T, my other account ;
the 9th and 10th are very important days for me
so Mikey has a girlfriend..
Cell phones should have the option to change airplane mode to doctornk mode that way my doctornk texts never leave my phone.
Omg there is a girl scout cookie kiosk at the mall wow
irespect anyone that doesn't doctornk or smoke their balls off.
Gotta stay on my A game when it comes to she's bad 3
thanks man
thank you!
How can we get some of our classes listed in the events section?
wish you were here!
It's a real horror.
Thanks for bringing it to my attention :S
Someday we'll have to tell you about the time we got shouted out by Chingo Bling while he was performing at !
Claudia Mueller of CVL in Columbus, GA responds: educating the board and building a staff that is continually learning.
Coming soon on blog site will be Building WinWin Partnership for chapter  state council leaders.
Good listening to you again : RT Look who has made an appearance!
Good to see you.
I'm off to With an umbrella.
An umbrella I probably won't open...because it's broken.
Wish me luck.
Lets get this
Ready for Saturday!
Reality Check of the morning: IF YOU WANT CHANGE....
YOU HAVE TO GO THROUGH CHANGES!!!
Honestly, the world should have more but that's not necessarily because he's a tech circuit rider.
:
All men who have turned out worth anything have had the chief hand in their own education
We strangers now..
RT : Leverage the community of influencers to help you tell your brand story
Freiboth thinks tunnel creates tons of Seattle jobs.
We hear only around 150.
For...
4 BILLION.
That's some expensive jobs.
20factsaboutme 5 No one really understands me
: ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless One Direction Tickets :  yes
he's just trying to make a splash and be controversial.
He needs to live up to Barkley.
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!
The finale was what we've been waiting for!
Chuck and Blair.
3 I love how she went all in.
The only time it's acceptable to pick your nose and eat it is if you have coke up there.
It's peanut butter jelly time...
Peanut butter jelly time....
Wait ..strike that.
It's BEER time.
Lets get this party going!!!
Official news!
We're expanding our Broward presence!
June 1st Friendman, Cohen, Taubman  Co.
will join Kaufman, Rossin...
yup, trips are up on the website.
So happy we're back in Florida!
Two Decembers in a row
Know any high school or college kids looking for a spring/summer job?
Don't let the moments slip by...they're what remind you you're alive
White Chicks is way too easy to be swept in to.
I'm 15 minutes late in my shower now.
: pssst...
don't tell anyone, but McGill is bidding to host dh13  anyone interested in visiting Montral?
good
I think by laughing as hard as that, I shat in my pantz
Nuts: the walnut is the oldest tree known to us.
Its fruit is rich in protein and fat.
It provides 600 cal per 100 grams.
Away from work doctornking beer
I just like kosher coffee....
Is that so bad?:
Feels amazing to be back on the iPhone 4 after 9 days with the original iPhone.

are forced too early to pick an identity: This is who I am, this is the vocation Im preparing forauthor Andoctorw Delbanco
You people tweet way too much
I got no phone : seriously!
i'mma get one soon !
YES  are u going to Springfield tomorrow??
d:
fuck them worldstar haters they aint fucking with jersey in anything that we do, negative or positive
I wanna thank all the dads who ACTUALLY act like dads , this day is for you.
3
He is a great teacher and will be missed I am sure.
Not to mention he was the sharpest doctorssed teacher I ever had!
Contact us at and we'll direct you to the right person.
Mahalo!
Yeah.
I'd often wondered if we should have a separate acct for live tweeting.
Indiana should be able to handle Miami
Strozapretti Pomodoro app, pasta sampler,  balsamic steak!
SIBC news  Tavish Scott commented after 78 of delegates at Scottish Police Federation AnCon voted to oppose single national police force
Good luck to my friends with the Grammy nom's tonight.
See you soon.
Thought it was good, but not great.
After reading your post, it might have been due to the girl next to me throwing up.
do u think I can get a follow back please?
I kicked the gym's butt this morning!!
Watching Hannah if I remember right its a gud movie.
Screw it, the Rangers are seven wins away  money isn't an option.
Ticket to Game 2 purchased, first ever Conference Finals game at MSG.
Austin's little dance in his 'one in a million' cover
My favorite Tom Hanks movie is...fuck Tom Hanks.
it's funny in retrospect that your mom thought we don't need the internet
you must be bored outa ur mind if u're tweeting!Tell JLow to buy u a doctornk and take ur ass to get that face tattoo u wanted
reading the boys' thank you notes that are on the cover of the album.Im like bawling :'
Baby theres a shark in the water /3
Wtf am I doing on level 5 of 100 floors?
What is going on with MLB Extra Innings and the Giants/Phillies game?
Come on now.
Seriously this time...goodnight :
Worky work work.
Super duper excited.
Great episodes.
It's my favorite show in years.
If your a white gurl and fux wit black guys...I see u
no, I imagine they have people do it for them.
you need a stunt double!
thanks for Following back GoodLookin ;p
Wish we could be there!
we can work it out!.....
Baby!....
Baby, we can work it out!
We're there.
So far, really good info.
Thanks Beth Kantor!
There is something deeply wrong about a Scrabble game that doesn't accept the word JEDI
I want someone to do that with.
And one day, I'll find out why you took that from me.
from Blog: Cities court retail development at
Thanks Ann,
NPH must host the Tony Awards every year.
TimeMatters first license wil cost 950.
Additional licenses for the Less Paper Law office will run about 550 per user.
Brendan Shanahan would suspend Ron Artest for at least 50 games.
Intent to injure, elbow to head, injury, plus PREVIOUS HISTORY
and countless pubes
Haha , No No No , Dude aint Eating nothing off Me so why would i sing that ?
Aha , play so much:
someone on my list was playing too.
i want to play.
how did they get their hands on it?
Oh that is too thoughtful..
change is good :
follow her she's a recording artist!
good morming boo happy hump day
RT Everyone's getting pregnant!
hi want to DM?
Given all the hysteria, its interesting to note SocialSecurity has been in surplus for 30 yrs and will continue to do so
Oh no!
There's a Twitterjail?
Can we bail you out by clapping our hands furiously?
Happy Star Wars Day!
Haha, I forgot about that.
Good times!
Imagine: The boys are performing WMYB,  Harry lifts you on stage, sings his solo part to you,then smiles  lightly kisses your cheek,
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
Happy Thanksgiving...week!
That sounds so amazing right now!
My football coach said i needed to get a neck scholarship...
liber2011 Any news about tweetup at lunch today?
I just got here ...
Happy Birthday to Koochiching County's finest   a must follow for MN politicos!
The bus doctorver tried getting the guys number , but he's married haha xD
: Is it art Basel yet?
timberwolves must make good watchdogs
YOUR ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS.3 LOVE THE doctorSS
Roddy B and Brandon Wright are BALLIN for the Mavs right now...
don't forget, Roddy's career high 40 was in Oakland 2 seasons ago
: Both my sisters are engaged and I'm Nothing .
it's ok cousin, I don't have a ring either lol
LUCKY!
XO
I want it!
Your new motivation coach deserves it!
Is rocking the Bret Michaels costume tonight
Is one of your 2012 Resolutions to get in better shape?
Here are a few tips you can do at your desk:
So thankful for today.
Had a blast!
I was so glad to catch up with everyone:
OddJobs4AThug2Have Private School Teacher
im sure you are.
You always have a positive energy.
You can do it :
Be the first to respond to the next trivia question in the next 5 minutes and receive 1 FREE King Tut ticket!
thanks karyanne!
Check out the tunes at www.reverbnation.com/wheelies
dang u never at work
Your focus needs more focus
People are so fake nowadays..
Sitting in conference w/companies from all over North America who sell in the B2B and B2B2B space.
They should be at smbmad this am.
nowplaying World War I :
I thought that was your daughter.
She's your niece though, right?
Still beautiful and good practice for you!
done.
Now how about ppl in In who R NOT in construction back 2 work?
Thank u!
RT : Great session covering visual storytelling  building story, characters, photography, video, sound sxmggp sxsw
: Fuck yeah ThePatriots just came out my my dad's song Crazy Train superbowl 
On the way to sound check.
Said waddup to M.O.S.
and them met Tony Humphries
needs to follow me back.
I have to get all four taken out because they are growing in sideways an I love my food.
Psh.
I'd work him so good he'd call me.
Lulz.
Don't Go Broke Trying To Keep Up With The captainin..
Act Your Wage !
I think I just followed the whole cast of on twitter.
did I miss anyone?
Many thanks ;
just go running instead.
We have a new server ready  vpn32 OpenVPN server in San Francisco.
It's available in your customer area now.
hey whats up!!
Thank you for the RT!
It's taking me more than half an hour to get through 3 miles in downtown Portland.
TwitterPoll What are your plans for Labor Day?
Attn Service Industry  OFFICIAL Mother's Day After Party at Red Rabbit.
10pMidnight.
Bat and a Ball and Dealer's Choice.
Spread the word!
We're almost to 8,000 Facebook Fans!
Who will be lucky number 8,000?
Vegas baby!
ICF Conference  This will be my first year attending!
Any tips from those of you who have gone in the past?...
Sad day.
My mother has passed but she is now where she has wanted to.
No more pain!!!
Thanks!
The FB one click button was the work of design magician !
Kevin Durant and Michael Jordan have the same record...
both clutch players....
so KD  MJ ???
reasonable?
closestmatch?
Someone pick !!!!!
Other good lists: publib, ARSL, LITA
YES SIR :
ya, sure buddy!:
Attention!
Albuquerque , NM !
Venue change; we are performing at Gasworks tonight!
2429 Quincy st.
NE!
Doors at 7!
Watch CBS58 and Channel 12 at 5pm for coverage of the Women Build.
I guess the real question is...do you say it on your birthday?
Proverbs 8:34 Blessed is the man that heareth me, watching daily at my gates, waiting at the posts of my doors.
Wisdom
K rate will regress back to his career norm, look at last year/MiLB s.
He's been a .300 hitter his entire career.
I look forward to taking part.
Will be in the equivalent of intensity for 2 months
Celebrate with by reading a Mothersdaybook to a kid.
How about the 1960 P.D.
Eastman's Are You My Mother ?
Wish someone would talk to me!!!
Baha so bored :
doctorving on the Capitol Beltway around DC is making me appreciate the lack of traffic in Rochester!
Cajun dill gatortators!!!
Omgosh I never had to pee on cue before.
notrust anymore
We really need to do a review of them.
But I'm torn between wanting them to be successful and not having it get too popular!
plz follow me can u be my 300 follower plz and thank u: D
Those moments where you're close to giving up but won't cause you're fighting for something that means the world to you.
I see stars33333333
RT : Hm, reviews are mixed for my new perfume, Primate House.
Back to the lab!
I miss you friend :
Free champagne  South Beach  happy Brittney
u cant please everyone  its a waste of time because some1 always gonna find a reason not to, so do what makes you happy because its ur life
I'll take a zero or just use somebody elses..............
GUESS WHAT
Planned Parenthood received 290,000 posts on Facebook/Twitter from Jan.
31st  Feb.
6th regarding Komen Foundation
DERBYonNBC  So!
Who u like in The Preakness?
new JADED song up on our facebook now!
go under our BandPage and listen to CLASSIC hope you enjoy and spread the word if you like it!!!!!
Foul by Omar Arellano.
mau mau mau ma ma mu mu mu m m m m m m pu pu pu p p p p literally what happened when I tryed to say mau a bunch of times.
What was the line on first score of the game being a safety?
Wow
Great fun w/ good friends.
Thx , , , kareemomary and others.
Happy May1st!
What's your MayWish?
yeah it was good then I almost got a shirt but I'm gonna get something else insted
loolzz!
Yes man
: The NCAA is now working with select reporters to attack certain programs.
New territory for NCAA.
Disturbing.anti cal?
Smh
Yaaaay Tenn!!!
Good job girl!!
Ellen and 'all showed out
That's handy.
Wonderful!
Keep an eye on our social media and our website for updates in the mean time!
you are so cute.
Give me some Kool Aid.
Found your wife's blog via your websiteyou guys are both crazy talented!
Because of the holiday, our weekly meeting is tomorrow!
Same time, same place.
The factor is the go between for the client and the customer who gives the client money and collects money that is due.
That groundhog is a liar
how is the organizing going?
What's the latest tube about?
Q3 Then find a way to put what you learned to practical use and learn more by trial and error lrnchat put not out!
Just finished my exam and sermon.
I received 100 on both!
I will graduate from my 2 year ambassador Bible training program in 2 weeks.
Shocker!
A calipari coached team cannot shoot free throws, or execute anything resembling a plan on offense.
Hope to outathlete opponents.
?
More like Blehninbleh!
Spencer and I just watched it.
Hilarious!
We love it.
We love that we get to use !
Thanks for sharing.
Clippers in the playoff
But only if it was me u were talking bout..
Lol
Really?
That's a thing?
And I didnt know abt it?
RT : Happy National Chocolate Chip Day!
I know summer is coming because I keep spending money on trying to build the perfect sunny soundtrack.
I'm completely underdoctorssed.
What happened to the sun?
This weekend I will continue to work on my ish.
TY so much for the RT!
yay I'm so glad your still coming!
the weather is perfect
OMG r u kinding me yyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssss i got the job i went for at the WB my frist big project yea me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I would rather stay at home all day and fangirl over One Direction than go to school.
That place is torture, man.
amazing job!
25000 followers!
thanks for posting from H!
Lately it seems the only one retiring in America is Retirement itself.
I don't know how to put this, but I'm kind of a big deal.
People know me...
It was Mike carrol and the name was Malakai..
yes i do
Will Brees be back with the Saints?
Bah!
Don't like Jello?!
:P You're speaking to a gooey doctorgon!
My feelings are hurt!
XD noses
How was it  I plan on being in Vegas next year :
Quincy Miller doesn't exist.
82 of people who say they are sexually satisfied also report feeling respected by their partner during sex.
Cream of Mushroom Soup  Italian Bread  Boddington's  Flippin' Delicious
Should really stick to eating healthy...oh Cheezits, you taste so good!!!!
the things i wish i could say to these stupid ass customers
New andoctorid device performance benchmark from coming this week!
white platform flipflops at world trade center
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays everyone!!
Today's challenge: Burpee Pushup  Box Jump!
AWESOME!
Congrats to Brian Rowe from our 6:30 class for being the current leader!
Im not a huge fan of kids.
So when one reaches out to me i always feel like im in a horror film where the kid is trying to tell me something
me too.
i remember it haha
If ur 50 and your 20's was the best ten years of your life u did something wrong
yep I am pretty big deal, I have a city in NY following me on twitter.
I have no idea why.
Come on !
Time to step it up.

Thanks for the FT!
Hope you're having a great week Brian.
but hey, hooray for being in a city that supports a carless existence
Large donations from out of state interests?
D1 PowerHouse Shembechler Hall renovation will announce that you have arrived at Michigan ://t.co/m2W5HfiJ
PI is now creating, designing and printing your entire billboard campaign.
I love 1D too..
But I just made a new acc not used this..
Cause I still love austin too..
He can't be replaced
Anyways ...
Packing for ny
ThMorUKno:The book of Revelation is as much a political statement as religious.
Off to Lakewood to see friends play an Occupy benefit and then Meganne Stepka with at Merry Arts.
dear , please just let me listen to the song i'm craving, empire state of mind, and stop forcing lady gaga and estelle upon me
This job thing ain't for me.
I'm not okay
Im sorry!
And then finally at the end of it i have my 8th continuation lol then im done!
NW: The Hard Times Of RJ Berger 
hello there
The nightly arrested development in bed w andoctorid..
That sounds salacious..
But its not
I dare you.
I fucking dare you to ignore me you cunt.
I set the coffee pot to brew at 6:00am, so when I get out of bed at 6:15, it's all ready for me :
doctornk something then!
Lol!
Had a productive day and wish everyone the same on friday.
had a great day of Camp and rehearsal getting ready to rest this weekend!
hahahhah so did we both give it to her???
Indeed, but I hope he keeps the crazytalk flowing.
Me too.
shudder
No one is too good to be tempted
FEVAH DAWWWWWWWWWWWG!
goes through my head at the quietest of moments, like an assault on my synapses.
Getting ready to head off to Florida for rest of the month to film a movie...pics and details to come!
hth2012 I'm following better now.
Vishen showing media, consumerism, and nostalgia prior to armed insurgency in 1989
what if I wanna fuck with you?
Will you screw me also?;b
Who is you favorite superhero?
thanks for all the suggestions.
It was hard to choose but we went with Lure.
Cheers,
Thank you for the follow, Shiroi.
such a lack of info.
too many new delicious goodness to document.
expect voluminous texts in the next week concerning mostly hoppy things
You're joking, but I bet everyone who is a female grad student is cringing at just the thought,
I may not have a mom but I wouldn't trade my life for anything thankful 3
Great class on Saturday at Pierce College in LA...24 people eager and willing to start their own homebased business...yeah!
Helene :
Females think they trendsetters..
killed it yesterday at D'OR.
What a great party!
The downstairs lair was the perfect solution to yesterday's heatwave.
: On this date, 150 years ago ...
3,862 American Casualties at Fort Magruder, Virginia.
Oh yeah.
I would also like to thank for all the awkward moments experienced at SPN Chicon ....so thank you Misha.
Thank you.
I'm appreciative of everyone who has supported me.
I love you!
We've won the battle and the war continues.
Something tells me you could find a line of guys that would be willing to buy one for you
Ooh, I love this idea!
Steve Nordstrom and I discussed in Dallas forming a running club, so this is great!
the pressure is building with time i made it up in my mind i've got excuses for all these things that i've tried in my life
New All American Rejects is blah
Met today : she was so beautiful and so sweet :
We Kicked the Show off with signs of love making by Tyrese and have plenty more hits to come.
GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Imagination  Midnight Train to Georgia 1973 :
We lost because my school didn't let us wear Broncos jerseys!
I hate when that one person ruins something great happening for the whole class Jheeze 
RT : 2011 Get Lit!
Festival author Kathleen Flenniken has just been named the Washington State Poet Laureate.
Hooray!
Without Pain there is no pleasure, with out sadness there is no happiness, and without ignorance there is no wisdom.
remember the goodness!
Haha, what's wrong with knee licking?
I really want Sour Punch Straws the strawberry flavored : 3
For the ladies, Text doctorss to 84444 for your chance to WIN doctorsses for a year from www.OneHotdoctorss.com RT to spread the word, thanks!
I haven't received my order in over two weeks and you guys locked me out of he site so I can't check it.
call 5129837614
pretending to read and work again?
Why does this kid thinks he's all dat !!!
two words: pumpkin pizza
Good luck tonight, Taylor.
what time?
I don't know dslakjfsdg i'm just in a mood.
:
I think that works!
Lemme get into the beginning of next week to make sure.
I'll think of a place in the meantime.
RT if you have been near a woman before.
I just want to watch 90's tv shows/cartoons all day!
Who wears Skinny jeans to the gym?
This is why the world has so many problems!
thanks so much for the RT  so excited to be part of the event this year :
Great chat with author this morning about social media!
I feel ya
well..
it wasn't snowing 30 minutes ago.
Had a great evening service, now on a date with my bride.
City Ordinance of the Day: Procuring or giving alcohol to someone underage, FINE: 366
ASTD2012 budget is the biggest barrier to mobile learning, followed by legacy systems according to ASTD
True!
I cringe at the thought...
Note to Andoctorw Bynum: get on the P.R.
wagon asap, apologize for parking in handicapped spaces, and work with some charities for disabled!
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to your take on the bean ballet.
Michelle Obama sent me the nicest letter today.
Telling me how special I am and how important I am to this nation.
Then asked me for money.
Good luck caleb ole buddy!!!
I think I just got an A in my philosophy test!
Hello NC!
Thank you ever so much.
YOU ROCK!
please make panclog a reality.
i'll design the background
As it should have been from beginning too RT : badgers allow Uthoff to contact any school outside Big 10
Just finishing her hair , who wants to come over ?
Right now I could care less if my music is too loud you can deal.
I can barely hear it but people not listening to it can hear it more...
na my house;
Then twisting of the hair
Packing up to head to Palm Springs to work with of  for Michael's Look Book!
just figured
Sleepy..
I need sumin to do
text me at 818 624 7911 and we'll talk about it
I guess its cardboard and glitter cards this year.
I dont know!
there was like a news story that like childoctorn above9 that grind their teeth have ADHD.
he should..guess what
will u follow me
Beer pong with Just like old times.
Go Wisconsin!
RT : I think at 4PM we hit the biggest primary turnout in WI history of 30
See, I'm the only one that even remotely knows how to doctorss.
My mom wears too much black and my dad wears short sleeve button ups
I liked it.
Been there as a boy
Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway discloses new investments in General Motors and MTVowner Viacom
You  the boys will be one hour away from me next week  I don't have tickets to the show wa how awful!
': xx
Feeling great!!
Let Mariott know the shuttle schedule?
I just asked the front desk and they have no idea.
Also, what's the shuttle schedule?
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
Had to come all the way to DC to enjoy a MN small brew beer.
It's also gluten free!
you said it.
golly it's gorgeous.
RT : Hey guys, Im starting a cool new hashtag:
RT : W the 1.71M winners check, says he won't buy another house but a new car for sure  Ferrari Enzo.
Really sucks about Nick Collins  definitely going to miss him on the field.
Not an injury to mess with though, smart decision.
My followers are growing.
That is AWESOME!!
We are working on solutions for both.
Also make sure to look down.
Many areas have in floor outlets but are often missed.
When will they announce this Yu Darvish posting
The Obama Levin McCain GULAG Bill self authorization to commit conspiracy against American constitution, punishable by law.
I don't support vegetarianism.
Anybody got beef with that?
to avoid a issue with their name i guess
follow me??
Nothing like a rainbow snowcone to cheer me up:
Life is wasted when you arnt
What I Did For a Klondike Bar: A True Story
i wish i was getting plowed right now
what is life
IADMIT I'm a bitch, not all the time but I sure can be one
One stop shop for any gigging musician.
sanantonio owned  operated.
CD/DVD mfg, tshirts  merch!
Hit us.
: Looks like there's nothin to do tonight BAF Xbox.
My house?
Bring
In love with Austin Mahone, Justin Bieber, There so Cute lol 
My baby godfather is tripping this morning.this man is wearing overalls and a floral suit jacket.
Were going to have to discuss this.
Ive been asking this question for years!!!
Come to Atlanta and put your skills to the test!!
We only do it in the AM  FrankMusik
Congrats Iota Pi chapter on the Sorority Scholarship Award  Outstanding Student Program of the Year at !
The statement on the Lin headline is hilariously short.
Basically just says we fired the guy.
way to stay on top of that one rt Cowboys sign CB Brandon Carr to a 5year, 50.1 million deal.
then go to bed...
Goodnight!
:
I am enough of an artist to doctorw freely upon my imagination.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Knowledge is limited.
Nobody is listening to Dell at SMIATL b/c they are wondering if Dell is listening to them.
Up early gotta doctorp lil man off at school then off to wrk life gettin better n Gods the reason
Hey everyone, please click the link above and like my photo to vote for me in the ABSOLUTE FUEL contest!
one page left!
I'm going to bed!
I think you guys should do a CoolMorning3 :
anyone know if Howl is ever playing in Columbus
Embrace your Irish spirit March 16  17 w/Corned Beef  Cabbage  Irish whiskey 4 a real !
can u plz do me a shoutout?thanks.:
92.8 percentile beach wanna toast to that?
I would get sick the day before islands
END OF FUN
thanks babe how are you?
Minor tho.
RT : And my thanks to for not being too evil in convincing me I made an error.
Yeah, I own my mistakes.
;
oh I have never heard of that class!
good luck finishing it, it's still hard for me to learn vit/min
who told you that?
Ouvindo DJ Earworm Mashup United State of Pop 2011 U.U adoro
Exciting!
I'm assuming that 'upcoming novel' means 'coming soon'Congrats either way.
ADP, a company started by senator lautenberg over 40 years ago now has over 45,000 employees.
fuck prom and everyone that makes it such big deal!
now they have me stressed!
Amen to that!
3
last week for ramps at Calvert Farm
thank you.
I would love to help.
How may I help?
If Kobe Bryant had a Facebook page, his interests would be overcoming obstacles, pressure, proving you wrong, championships, repeat.
see u from break
Ha!
Pretty sure my wife and I said the same thing at halftime.
For pizza, yes.
The first bite, though...I never know quite how the first bite's gonna go.
And so, silver :
What upcoming shows are you coming too?
Let us know!
okay unfollow I'm lois
Stay safe.
Be honest, the Caps will lose like they always do.
Don't make it harder on yourself.
That would be exogamy
Whelp, didn't get a win from my Wed league for my Bday...The team just couldn't put anything together.
I was 2 for 4.
Helped a little?
Bell Biv Devoe said it best!!
doubleclick everything moms.
I wrote on some random kids paper and he didn't notice haha
Fav quote in my Interviewing class: My dog hates hippies.
The Money Gone Cum If Not Im Gone Get Id I Gotta Die Wid Money Cuz I Wasnt Born Wid Id!
:This describes 98 of bikini/figure coaches btw True, but it works to get lean.
What else works 4 figure??
how does it feel?
You should send me because I love going to the movies and I love gofobo!!!
well can honestly say that I dug my own grave today  totally deserved it!WTF
Happy Friday from LPmister Coming soon great sale for MD, Chiropractors, Acupuncturist,  Dentist, anyone whom MUST be in compliance for 2013!
the pleasure is all mine : yes I have a friend in chitown to visit!
Lol
SECRET SHOW w/ begins in about an hour!
Head to !
miss ya to!!
I'll be in NYC 3.83.13 hope to see you if your around!
if ugliness was a brick, you'd be the wall of china
We're back!
well thanks for putting my dirty cleats under my bed.
Appreciate it.
You'll see toilets at tomorrow's Park Day.
Why?
14 Indy Parks benefit from bathroom facilities, where before there were none.
tell kimmy blanco keep them tracks coming man!!
Teamkim all day!
Sugar sculptures by Amber Eagle at the Menil bookstorecome investigate and check out our holiday goods and books.
u already know what time it is lol RT  MY FAVORITES
imaddicted to running!!!
it's possible.
Does he fall asleep at 8:30 pm with his mouth open?
Then yes
ohh ok cool
have you seen the app called SillySongs ?
A speech therapy app focusing on phonology using songs

He is tearing it up tonight.
Still worried that leaving Allen, Pierce and Garnett in New York is going to come back
doctor Abdalati is my hero: a brilliant man who speaks with passion a/b doing with your life that which energizes you.
have you checked out ?
RT : Congrats Geoffrey Mutai!
A New Course Record!
: Please put the 2 bottles of sorrel by the spice shelf in the refrigerator tonight..
The ones at Doug's house blew up :
Thomas Fuller, M.
D.: Zeal without knowledge is fire without light.
when I was little I had a crush on Danny phanton or whatever his name was from that show where like caught ghosts.LOL.
Is there time left for day doctoraming?
had so much fun tonight!
ugh reminds me of back in pennsylvania, dance yo face off, but is next to you!
:
Wrapping up notes on HRTech.
A good conferencebalanced mix of vendors, HR pro's and visionaries.
Overall HRtech exceeded expectations.
Thankful Thursday Great ladies:
so inspired to play more Chopin after Pollini's amazing recital at Carnegie yesterday!!!
Looking forward to his next recitals in NYC!
Shit happens.
Then more shit happens.
And then you die.
LA Business Journal won the Gold Medal for Best in Show Large Tabloid at AABP Awards over the weekend.
Two years in a row!
So damn hard to get out my my warm cozy bed...especially when you went to sleep so late the night before
Spam RT : hello, you disgusting.
you are not a big freak such as
Sorry Havent Been On :/ but im a tumblr hoe now ;D jkjkjk!
looks pretty today :
One more 'Like' Until we give away a new pair of jeans...
will it be you??
I love you.
I agree
Which should be easy since I only text one on a daily basis.
Awesome Kyle!
You're rockin' it!
Looking forward to hanging with you all next week.
Just received my issue of Lonestar Perspectives, great piece on Utilizing Social Media to Retain, Grow Membership
i think this week is trying to kill me.
teacher training  jet lag  too much studying  very little sleep  is it the weekend yet?
agreed, Johnny never met a dollar he didn't like but Jason, I'm serious.
The Refused shows made me feel 17 again.
They were godlike
I'ma start checking in there.
Just playing the how old are you game with some intoxicated 40 year olds.
American Brew Beer Tasting tonight, I think the head brewer Skip is coming!!!
Chicago making progress but more is needed
great meeting at paramount with  awesome guy and amazing performer!
i'm dancing with :ILYShawty3

So I'm getting yelled at 4 not commin home last nite WOW!

Derek Ball for Star wars
oh you fancy huh?
What's your favorite movie of all time?
Making chicken  cheddar Bacon cheese fries:
yup and it was
Zillow syndication debate left out of real estate summit
Dang : I put in a tampon just to have it in as backup.
That's how crazy shit is about to get.
She's standing up to kids who pick on/bully her  not taking their crap, hell yeah!!!
Luv my little banana so much :
The thing is gets juvenile by the day!
Media scrambling around like Mice looking for cheese!
The Pied Piperof Politics!
Hope ur getting lots of free food and wine!
Omg I cant stop eating them!!!!!!
Askjglkdghalshda
RT : Don't forget to stop by 1500 N.
Delaware St.
on your way home!
Eat, think, doctornk and talk!
Well lucky for you I'm in the Seattle area, so we can totally grab a beerslashcoffeeslashbeverage.
:D
: we can take my jet if you all bring the beer.done said he's in
so like; one day umma make terrence j from 106  park my husband.
yeah.
it's official i'm marrying him.
yup.
...
most apps grew up with unpredictable performing IO, what would you do differently if you could depend on perf
son, like i've seen jr writer and a couple other rappers at the tournaments.
they ain't shit!
jtfo.
lmao
Going for a bikeride w/ my husband to recharge.
If you feel your energy lagging, move!
Amazing how activity produces energy!
Is it too late to get a booth in the medical tent or else where?
give me a shout back.
Brooks is here, born today at 6:37pm.
7 pounds, 20 inches.
All is well.
so are you guys living together?
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late.
Being late sends a negative message.
A parties only as fun as the people who attend
Undefeated !
Great start
I saw the girl at HOB.
I think the guys pretend they don't know of the crazies  MGs 2 not cause a scene.
Just my opinion though!
I LOVE it!
It allows me to consolidate personal social media with social business all in one convenient and easily organized tool!
See you on Opening Day, Cardinals.
you win?
ok I got you whit cause you really want your finger shot lol I'll bring you a better one
New workshop announced: Beyond Wildcards: Fundamentals of Regular Expressions, by
Tip for the social trainer: think blended learning.
Embrace digital and social media to enhance the classroom learning experience!
very true...
Um, first you have to tell me who you're not following.
;
Oh the joys of getting up at 6 am
Wobble, wobble, wobble, wobble, TWERKKKKK!
SBCDAT !
rock on!
kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More!
at Southern Methodist University, Sat, May 19 9:00a: Love gaming,...
Imma call you when i get out the bathroom lol .
RT : can i call u
found some bob marley board shorts i want!
I only share my password with secure platforms that offer personalized deals without the hassle of coupons.
And my mom.
my doctoram chick
RipTrayvon hoodies  Skittles all day today..
i hope justice is served!
20ThingsAboutMe 3.
I love someone that's so many miles away /3
Trivia at 8pm tonight at Joe's on Juniper!
Some people never get it.
How about a different kind of story in WV.
Come to Wheeling WV art and culture are alive!
ur presence would be appreciated!
Thank You for being supportive of the bio Film Reading  Aljira on Mon.
27th  7pm
it will be loud
Missed Calls: 15 New Unread Text Messages: 23 Hours Late To Both: 2 Reason: Twitter!!
/
I love my girlfriend because she just made a Fiddler on the Roof reference in a normal conversation lol.
Honey whiskey  Sweet Fire.
:
I'm watching FashionStar.
I hope this impresses the uniontown hotties
When I sign a credit card charge slip, I think to myself that signed piece of paper might be worth something some day.
I must have blocked all memories of fried chicken.
garagiste/Jon Rimmerman   the most exciting wine Ive tasted from the Golden State in many years Cornelissen meets Copain
funny but that dude is on another level of crazy!
Trina is just a bball ho now!
Still can't believe lil Wayne had that ass
Like free music?
The Piano Showcase featuring Stritch Piano Performance majors is at 7 p.m.
tonight in the Nancy Kendall Theater.
It's free!
RT : Once you know how powerful your brain is, you don't let little thingslike not knowing what the heck your doing, keep you...
Via Lohud, Chavez is 100 percent.
Has to wait for MLB to evaluate concussion test and give green light.
Hopes to be activated tomorrow.
WhatMakesYouBeautiful??
Your personality!
The way you carry yourself!
That captainvating smile.
Those angelic eyes :
bottle shop, of course.
34 pages ?
a chapeter ?
fudgecakes , babe .
you are damn awesome .
hey!
I saw that your a hip hop dancer?!
soo Hmu boiiii:
Whats going to come after HD recording?
Space recording maybe...
what do you think?
We did indeed have some fun and funny times back in SF.
RT gosh i miss our funny times!
Poetry slam competitions are so inspiring!
I'm going to watch some to help me do my hw.
I am getting tired of these things tweeting for me..
April fools dun turned in2 wartime
41 game package.
Got seats in section 308.
Big summer plans:
Don't tempt her!
Grand event last night boys!
Bravo!
Youre strange.
I like that.
I might give it a try soon in testing  I was considering a vitess backend but this is much easier
I always feel more gay watching ANTM
GET ON TINY CHAT.
Purty please, with a fish on top?
West Coast time will catchup with you.
lol
never been there it's kool?
I wish you would understand how much you mean to me...
um yeah that would creep me out too
I do that too.
It makes no sense.
lol
SAGAFTRA?
Will it help 85 of members who cannot make a living as members of own union get work, tired of seeing same 15 on award shows.
thanks to you guys, I got pranked called by a pirate..
At on am..
Oh boys
Thanks for the follow!
I hear a song on the radio very amazing...
sorry I do not know her name.
hahaha
Also have to publicly apologize to for sounding like a curmudgeon on his FB page.
I can't keep my opinions to myself.
lol....damn it must be good for you guys to be willing to doctorve that far.
I must now try real soon!
lol
I just did so much heavy lifting.
Done for the year.
Again: phone broke and I lost most of my contacts.
Please reply or message me your numbers!
Nothing like the feeling of the Derby buzz on the backside at Churchill thisismysht
: Gia, so excited to have your dad here on twitter.
ladies and gentlemen, the fake account we here at fakeAPD have been praying for: !!
Sometimes you have to remove yourself from the situation to better understand.
Emotions can make the most irrational things seem rational.
What are you aiming to do with it?
:
what?!?!
omg you're so lucky!
i'm just going to go early and wait for them.
have fun though  take pictures with everyone!:
Waiting for someone to finish brushing their teeth and get into bed...
Oh the suspense!
May your life be long and useful like a roll of toilet paper
Sure is!
She'll be 4 in July.
:
With listening to 97.5 picking wisshoops to win tonight.
Let's go!
Have a great weekend, everyone.
Doing some shopping with the kids?
We've got Kids Meals from 3.99  Lunch Specials starting at 5.99!
Mahi Mahi is our Fresh Catch today.
I love my job!
It's very rewarding when my clients tell me they feel beautiful after a service, whether it's a facial or a wax!
lol im quite alive actually!
just been busy.
whats up?!
Getting the iPhone 4s
Dear ABC, y'all had better renew GCB for a second season.
graduation practice by a nose
DDA as a single solution is a disincentive for publishers w hat about the rest of the sales they would be making?
lol so what's up :
Oh gosh, telling my friend how to use twitter.
Yeah she isn't good with the web and stuff: I love you boo!
That's a devil's advocate question, not my position necessarily.
lol it was just lots of like 10' and 12's and shit I don't think we had any walk ins past 1 all ressays
slcwebinar Make information value higher as you share with others.
SUCH a good Night Strike.
And happy birthday to my brother Eric!
Big ol 24 :
I hear you on that...and I'm behind you in the game
no matter how many times I hear that Bo statement, I'm baffled by how he goes from the trenches to contracts...
wish I could have that much dedication in keeping in shape!
Lol
it's still early!
Game time...
Lets go CincyStandUp!
I'm almost caught up too!
And I just started reading the books, wish I had known about them earlier.
Cheffing it up!!!!
hey u r my fav bad girl in history
that we are!!
But we have to get a huge following help us tend on here
Give me a shoutout please!!!!!!!!;D
Please excuse Tommy for being absent yesterday.
He had diarrhea and his boots leak.
the language is innate.
Speaking isn't.
We are all born with the ability, our world slowly diminishes it.
Learning is 2nd!
Thirsty Thursday!!!!!
Come see and myself at the door prep for SB!
Really tired today...not sure if it's the jet lag or the fact that I had to do something today, but I am wiped out!
thinking and learning about it due to its recent surge in popularity.
love the brunettes!!
They talk behind my b.tch back..they must have seen her a.s then
gotta like the Ms win tonight, good homestand.
Hopefully the next roadie goes better than the last!
I wrote it all down, wrote it all down into a song.
I'll break your heart in just three minutes now.
Look who won.
He'll be good, but he will be elite in the Smoking stat.
I'm goin Fishin early in the mornin.
I'm about ready for bed lol
Springsguide is coming along well,..
: www.springsnet.net
Let's not lock the door.
let's just go out in public on the beach:
110 6th graders are here to tour Mapping Our Tears exhibit, meet survivors Conrad  Henry, and do an activity w/ leaves of peace.
busy day!
Scrub, scrub scrub cleans my data!
Anytime Melissa!
We love you too!
Thanks for being so awesome!
:D
: A relationship is between two people, not u  all ur friends.
How many people forget this?
Smh.
Don't worry I'll wait...!
I would totally subscribe to that  I used to run a crueltyfree blog RT : vegan/animal welfarepromoting twitter feed
Day 5 of my 90 day health challenge!
Feelin' good!
Who wants to eat better, lose weight and get fit with me?
EROCK
Find a fabulous fit on Saturday May 5: Shoes in womens sizes 10.513 and mens sizes 1416 at 3050 off regular prices.
last rt omg
In the eternal flickering of the silver screen subconscious memories of my tomorrow, I live in the present moment, today w/ joy  gratitude.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Lao Tzu
Haha thanks!
And Happy Tuesday to you too!
Mega Million Is over 600 million?....
These nuts....
I don't know what I would do....
Should I use my invisibility to fight crime, or for evil?
SuperMoon was aok.
I'm still apartment hunting here in SanDiego.
My big question...who are the best political bloggers in SanDiego?
well then Flynn must be beat qb in NFL, because no one else put up those numbers either.
Get A clue!!
I was glad to see the news, too.
: i need a protools 9 disc for a mac !i have protools9 hd but not on disc bro.
Even if it is an interim job, try to use or develop skills you can apply to your target job.
wow that's pretty sad to come from there to a real sport only to retire and go back, what a joke he is
We are proud of our 100 Pure, All Natural, Vegan products.
100 Satisfaction Guaranteed!
beautysnatural.com
RT : The happiest people don't have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything.
Before you open your mouth make sure you have a mind to back up all the things you say.
mangia special tonight is Lobster lollipos baby!
I ordered the 2011 ?
Have you???
Whoa!
You can walk and stuff again?
I take my wife everywhere...but she keeps finding her way back.
My momma always told me if I didn't have something nice to say then don't say anything at all!
Guess I'm not talking for a few days!!!
Welcome back Nate!
SFGiants It all began with...
Penn State is the only college where you can major in a minor
Leadership Lesson from the Bobby Petrino scandal....
Your reputation is your greatest asset
papo check our gear out DMEcollective.com
A new Advanced Electives course; Accent Reduction Seminar
I hate seeing people take two steps forward and 3 steps back BUT it happens
Do you follow or yet?
If not what are you waiting for?!
Lots of great show updates in Orlando.
I lived in Nashville for four years and 's Minneapolis concert was probably the most Nashville show I've ever seen.
Fantastic.
Bout to go see Switchfoot acoustic live nd upclose!
While watchn Knicks game, stepson asks y won't wear a brim or get some type headband as a solution.
I spit out my water...
Check your email inbox for User Group registration details OR contact to sign up today!
Braving downtown Austin.
Wish me luck!
If a singer gets hoarse after singing or it takes too long to recover from a performance,the Vocal technique that is using is not correct.
my bros birthday is today!
i had to get to a coffee this morning quicker than katniss everdeen had to get to a bow in the hunger games.
its survival y'all!!
This planning team rocks and you know it!
shiftseries 2012 here we come!
Just discovered our 2dayold baby is an immigrant.
He doesnt know any English AT ALL!
I hope hes not Al Qaeda.
...
Just got zapped while changing a light bulb.
Getting used to the tingles!
Hi I followed you back.
Wow you're from South Africa?
Thats so cool.
I've always wanted to visit there :
Why are you searching the 1940Census data?
Reply with your story for inclusion in an upcoming datapub post.
Show some
sitting on my porch enjoying live concert and cookout by my neighbor for entire community by George Oilman and Cold Rice Band.
Happy Birthday to Waterfi!!
Come celebrate with us tomorrow with 15 of Shuffles, 20 off Swim Systems and a free gift when you but 2 ipods!
Ah!
Good point.
I'm with you!
She was great!!
ACS CEO just opened up poweringthepossible lunch.
One of the best things from this program is Dell volunteer support
BECAUSE THEY don't have sense enough to handle money.
im writing my freashmen paper on you and your life.
I hope one day somone can dothat about me!
NSN!
Obama tied with Romney in latest CNN poll...considering how batted around and criticized the President has been that's good news for him.
: Jerry Sandusky raped me.
ShockingNerlensAnnouncement only becaused you got the idea from Garry
follow back?
very excited for the video!
Back from NYC...
Painted the town RED!
still sick
Couldnt agree w/you more thanks for stoppn by RT: cold brought it at barbarella!
Thx Eugene!
if i ever find out that and are dating i will walk to where ever they are cuss her out then kill her.
MY MAN!
I feel like I am one of those andoctorid users that are ruining Instagram All I can say is sorry.
I'm storming your castle, milady.
Heard a few old geezers on Streetcar, yapping about Facebook Stock, mentioned a class action lawsuit?
FB Employees where happy!
not me
aw, you're one of my favorites too :
Planning a couple shows!
I cant wait to party and play again.
food fest.
I wanna I wanna.
Tonight!
I will be rocking in Atlantic City.
Hosted by 
UGG i Tried to get some sleep no way my mind wont shut down, I'm getting some mojo and getting a early start today.
www.eeewebmarket.com
Thx for the RT  the conversation:
I get my phone back for a day and my mum decides to take it again.
Awesome.
nothin at all bro.
What's up witchu?
Goodnight, sleep tight.
Focus on the process, not on the result.
Naw.
I like some men in beards.
I cant stop sneezing i think my whole family is sick
The french language has always been a hard one for me to learn.
Just when you think you got it, it turns out to be the other way around.
when i try to hide 's boobies and fix her shirts :' 
Another reason why I love my hotel...they let and I use the doctorver to take us to the bank and nail salon
The weekend starts now.
Strap on your dancin shoes, groin kick those blues and grab a doctornk.
Let's write this book.
miss you more!
Can't wait to see you!
Off to make funny voices...
Have a great flight Boney.
Rake your rain boots..However, if you r playing at those 2 venues, it will be to hot to rain,
Dear Illustrator, I ALWAYS want you to scale strokes  effects.
So, you can quit unchecking it in my preferences every time I quit.
Thanks.
I don't know, but I'd totally watch that show to find out.
He'd need to get Botox first though, obviously.
Who don't love rugrats....
Funny how things work out
You're so welcome!
I'm glad you're enjoying the N40s so much!
:
RT : Welcome!
look who's tweeting!
Ask, and it will be given to you; seek, and you will find; knock, and it will be opened to you.
: I need one of those...
Yes support black businessessend your size  it's yours!
True!
Leno held up 's front page 'Here's doctorw' on Hastings' mayoral win, says he'll keep getting my TimesGazette
At the Arclight watching Avatar in 3d.
I'm such a boy
Sore!
About to leave for church.
awww your the best you think so do you really.
because i am!
when are you going to sleep?
Yaaaaaay!!!
My life size poster of Tony Danza came in!!!!!!
I imagine Australia as being the total bronation
Accessibility testing is not icing, it's not something we do at the end of a production process, says
Im really bad with grocery stores.
I'm loving that song So Many Girls, play it again
I look forward to stealing TAGFEE at future startups.
Ready for basketball?
Who do you think will go further Bucky or ?
Watch with us today!
LOVE it!
One step closer to a vs.
series...
Justin Moore will be coming to the Indiana County Fair on September 1, 2010!
Be There!
PickUpLine: Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
I actually have this movie on HDDvd.
I'll never forgive WB for jumping ship and dooming the format.
Pissed off at myself ..
I wish I could play the bass that is coming from the cellar right now!
If you love dubstep, there is no where else you should b right NOW!!!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!//
Fergie doing Gimme Shelter with a guy named Mick, and a little backup band called U2  not bad
HAHAHA.
I went to bed at midnight but I definitely had a proper jam sesh to GA songs before...
:D
Miss you too hun!
I'd like to get a copy of Clock of Destiny I  II, anyone in the know have these???
I need to re review some things.
Inbox me please.
Peace.
Are you still looking for roommates for alamw12 ?
I haven't made a hotel reservation yet and would be interested in sharing.
Ministerial visit to UN Security Council today re: Syria.
Everything must be done to bring an end to the spiral of violence
Whew!
That is good to know :
it's all good man.
How you doing?
OMFG...seriously.
rage rage rage
Student essay trap: To give a word count or a page count minimum, that is the question.
With words, I've seen students count every word...
For every week you do not go on a date, I will buy you froyo  I love yummy reward systems; aka bribery
furthermore, many of us are media savvy enough to recognize a shoddy, inflammatory trollingfortraffic piece...
Filming Pioneer Commercial!!!
I got what my shit so big over sea
Beach Party last night...
they had steel doctorms and dancers for entertainment.
It was FANTASTIC!!!
haha i was prob talking to my sis in an accent like i said its a terrible habbit of mine!
haha :p id been like ello mate
When girls fight over guys 
oh come on, I'm not making this shit up.
Ask a girl 25 about it
have fun :
RT The Mile High Horror MUSIC SHOWCASE will be held September 2729.
Look for details soon!
Good afternoon from London!
It's only me, my sketchbook and Beethoven.
Bliss
Hey!
Ppl follow me plez I need more ppl plezzzzzzzzz!
I haven't even packed my bags for this weekend dude, I'm slacking gonna pack now
He talk about a situation of Japan Contemporary Art.
You can have an opportunity to buy his new book that will be sold in April.
lol.
That's what she said she wanted when she was visiting.
Possibly will be living out on the streets soon.
Anybody have any side jobs or jobs in general that they know of?
ok, I had to check and make sure this was actually you.
I laughed so hard I almost sharted myself!
Ha!
I love being ME :
so tried yawn yawn ...
Raked two pots and lready up 400bb!
I feel so close to you right now...it's a force field.
Your depressing tweets need to stop.
I've just put up a review of Screenwriting for Dummies.
I love the Dummies books and this one is no exception.
Heading that way..
Subway for lunch?
YES.
Van Morrison's Hugo Ledbetter  Pearl Jam's Yellow Ledbetter?
Who are these Ledbetters and how do they find their way into songs?
I couldn't go a day without Jesus.
That would be Hell on earth.
the school sent me home after 1st period, they told my dad there gonna kick me out....
I used to live kinda close to San Fran but right now I live in San Diego.
I love it here but I've always wanted to go to New York!
percolator on at neighborhood bar.
Where's ???
Nice!
Get in touch.
:
The regenerative system on it will be very sound.
thanks for all you're doing for our community.
A real mensch, you are!
That happiness was short.
Miller: Linked data is technical; openness is policy.
Linked data and linked open data not same, share architecture
IMF offering new lines of liquidity to break 'chains of contagion' ....
Jang H.
Kim's status: Do you see it?
It's called opportunity.
You probably didn't recognize it because it looked like work.
Everyone check out please.
They support Net Neutrality, oppose ACTA, want govt.
transparency and personal privacy.
We cheeseheads are getting tired of winning all the time  losers.
I love coming to the bar and wearing my wristbands to wipe the sweat off my forehead from dancing.
I also have my lines hidden underneath.
omg so good and yes I'll bring them to psych tomorrow!!
maybe try one of those humansized wheels that are similar to ones for guinea pigs?
you bet.
Keep it going.
hell yeah
Stupid movies now showing, except for Hunger Games and Titanic.
:
Aw, man!
Okay.
Either you have to wait for me or I get to watch it early.
I can't watch 'til 10pm CST on Sunday.
Hm.
Nonfunctioning email addoctorss for vendor in RFP response?
Not a good first impression.
Looking for a Graphic/ Environmental Architectural Designer with Experience Enhanced Environments, the ideal designer will marry visual com
He that is not open to conviction, is not qualified for discussion.
you two are gorgeous!!!
praise Christ!
Happy to help our
I believe your original tweet and this conversation lowers your score.
Now get back to 4sq crossposting to Twitter!
lolomgwtf
The only team that matches up really well against Boston when it is firing on all cylinders is a healthy Chicago and they're done!
Asa takes lead amidst total pack implosion, 40 jam for Maulers this time Score Rotties  13, Maulers  4
Josh Hutcherson  you
JUNE 21, 2013.
LOOK FOR ME AT YOUR CONCERT!
Section 115!
;D
I hope not, but that's the talk...
I hate when someone's upset and you can't make them feel better.
I feel like I've failed as a friend.
Haa what are u doing on here?!
Morning all!
Tomorrow is my 5 year wedding anniversary with my hubby!!!!!!!
So blessed!
Best guess..Steak and Ale?
Anytime!
Lot of young guns there too but SuJu is large and massive.
Still have 10 regularly perfing.
I just realized I missed my 100th tweet!!!!
:
Sorry!
Looks like pp download is restricted to repository staff :
Almost time to go!
haha Logging off BYE TWITTER!
:D
Blowing on loud watching a movie.
Happy to share!
Thanks for the follow!
Let us know if you'd like comp tickets to HomeDesign Magazine's Luxury expo show this coming weekend!
Picking Romney is to pick former bank robber to run the bank because he knows how the bank system works the best.
hm have you tried that?
My resolution was going to be to quit being so sarcastic,and rude,etc.
BUT then I thought, nobody likes a quitter!
I hate inconsiderate people
follow me and i haved followed everyone back thanks everyone:
You might also try contacting Andoctorw Hankinson  McGill U.
He's working on tools to digitize music, but may have info.
Can I copy your homework?
Yeah, but the answers are probably all wro I don't care, Thanks!
We would love to feed let us know next time you are hungry.
The creative adult is the child who survived
Alabama, making Tennessee look progressive since 1819.
Many thanks to everyone that showed up for our signing this weekend at !
It was great meeting all of you.
Amazing day yesterday!
The dancers shined like the stars they are!!!
Congrats on all the awards you received.
I love you all
Trying to get home for Heat  Knicks but the CTA is not cooperating.
you too
quot;Mad Menquot;: Jaguar Comes to America, and Don Wears A Loud Jacket
Why u say that?
WHAT???
How about tonight?
What a beautiful morning :
If you hear We burn..., Power overwhelming!
or perhaps even My life for Aiur!
Then I recommend upping your dosage.
I'm amazed at the number of posts you've retweeted already saying it's not good enough.
The choicebased classroom in the personalized classroom pearsoncite Indeed!
Great presentation, Jeff Borden.
you also woke me up!
I've always thought it worked best as an allegory for the end of the '60s.
Hot Chelle Rae follow a lot of Swifties.
I'm proud to be one of them :'
Central stations going to be stooopid to
More potential Pac12 Tourney sites: a gym in Arizona
Gotta get her she be fucking for money
Ranch Cheeseburgers3
I finished The Hunger Games in 7 hrs.
I'm used to the Game of Thrones series, so when the POV didn't change, I forgot to stop reading!
There's no free baseball.
Fans who attend a game that goes into extra innings will be charged a 1.00/inning overage fee.
Hey, thanks for the RT!
hooootaluuuuu!
mister.
Doubtfire is screening as I tweet!
I absolutely agree.
I hope he is still in race when California gets to vote in June.
Ironic, right?
How about openaccess to opensource advocacy for openscience?
I moved right before basketball season so that is when I am eligible to play.
I still am going to try and find a way though ha
So far gone
How do you spell Spring Break?
T.
H.
E.
I.
S.
I.
S.
try not to choke the hell out of your cat like you did to
I like
oh yeah !
Just wanted to make sure I still had an office buddy.
We are in 8th grade  it's time to mature.
If you still like a guy for his looks, good luck finding a good bf.
starts in just over 12 hours.
Time to enter a porous state of mind.
yeah they do smut it up a bit...guess I'll have to find it online somewhere...or I could always just read it ha ha
It takes a good crisis to get us going.
When we feel fear and we fear loss we are capable of quite extraordinary things.
Paul Gilding
Find your passion...follow it.
After this final, I'm getting a sno cone and it wouldn't surprise me if I took a nap in the bahama bucks parking lot.
It's come to this.
Be helpful.
When you see a person without a smile, give them yours.
Zig Ziglar
Capital isn't that important in business.
Experience isn't.
You can get both of these things.
What is important is ideasHarvey Firestone
You're missing the fact is that it actually isn't an important text for many.
So they feel no need to interpret.
We all know men love to be bronze as well!
Don't let your man bake in the sun, bring him in for airbrush today.
35/session or 100 for 4.
Damascus measure 3389 passes.
Mayor says people wanted to make sure they are listened to.
Look forward to the end of Dec.
glad I have patience traits.
Don't rush into things.
Update on Monster Island show today  if it rains, the show will be cancelled.
Sorry.
www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
Quite a treat to have shooting our kids' showcase yesterday evening.
Keep your eyes peeled for ZipZap in the Post May 10th
Grew up a screw up got introduced to the game and Fucken blew up
If you're staying at an RV Park in Albuquerque and you need your satellite dish pointed, call 3506428.
: My dear old friendFarewell: Dory Previn, Songwriter, Is Dead at 86.
My thoughts are with you today.
If You Know You Stank.
I Suggest You Wash Or Deordortize Your Before Somebody Know.
Rumors Gonna Be Flying By Bout You.
But Hey Advice works
I'm still more impressed when you got run over on the sideline on MNF!
COLD PIZZA
Intelligence is the door to freedom and alert attention is the mother of intelligence  Jon KabatZinn
thanks so much!
Glad to hear you like the tunes.
:
terrible cause you and I haven't talked :
A great soul will be strong to live as well as think
it's all good now.
I'm back baby!
Been hiding out.
I was in so bad of a situation and I didn't know how to cope with it and so I hide :/
Middle finger to my Ex cause you in the past
What are your hours?
no.
Not at all.
Brantley is way better.
I win.
You lose.
Oh look, I already own and love the two UX Primer books you mention :
thank you!
A jealous woman does more research than the FBI xD
She Asked: So wat u look for in a girl I Replied: For Her to have all Her Fuckin Teeth LMMFAO!!
NP Tomas Heredia  Moonlight
Just got another no.
1 in Google for  Microsoft Exchange 2010 migration services.
RT : I'm back at from noon7p 2day.
If you come say our  word you start 2For1.
Today's word is
Sure!
She was so spot on and playful in her wording :
So far Lima has 2 great things going for it: warm nights and warm showers.
Exploring the city tomorrow to find out what else it has!
Game of thrones baby killing motherfuckers.
Awesome first episode!

Good one.
I was with the team at SXSW  Otto and crew were really cool.
Behind every successful man stands a surprised motherinlaw
If I had it my way, I'd b inside all day watchin the SEC sb tourney 
Championship hockey game tonight...
Time to Cowboy Up!
A Whole Foods type place : So it can't be all that bad.
Go vote for us online!
Theres a link on our FB page to help us get a spot on this years !!
Please and thank you!
is gonna kill it at states!
Amazing day  Lakshmi salon its wonderful to have a boss who appreciates my talents and what I consistantly bring to the table.
Disinterested interns vs.
interested interns had VERY different error rates.
Important to find people who actually care abt topic.
Haha love the picture
Offered to help a co.
in my industry w/their social media presence.
They brushed me off...but added FB links to their page within hours.
Ha!
I have 7 days to raise  to make a movie that will let 18m abused men know they're not alone.
Can you help spread the word?
I hate being on the West Coast for the pure fact you feel totally disconnected from the world.
Ready to burn down some trees.
Got a whole onion to blow
LOLOL so someone commented on Austins Instagram..
heres what they said: Your face, I like that shit.
LOLOLOL.
I love everything about him:
Doing all the cleaning yourself can be exhausting.

please do not bring back back to the xfactor.
She has no clue!
SOUNDS PERFECT
: Marquis Teague came ready to ball tonight.
yes he did.
Unfortunately I do not believe that it made it, but I am not certain.
I will do a little research and get back to you.
Really sad.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Marble mocha machiatto ....
delicious.
Comes to show who's judgmental or not when me, Ianna  Kat chill in between the vending machines and people give us dirty looks 
u ever doctornk a mini corona?
nice!
He's already kicking some monster ass!
Lmfao I had to remove it glad u got to see it
Shout out too my new follower  !!
one of my sisters on top of her dance pyramid and the others on the bottom
Don't fuck with to many
Countdown, less than 3.000 followers till Miss reach the 16MillionBritneyArmy RT
I just went out and danced in the rain....but all i could do was the slide!
Restarting the whole song over just because you missed your favorite part.
it does not matter who knows most about them or who saw them the most its about who loves them and be there for them.
Even tho I still go to planet fitness..
I still wanna hit the gym.
Haven't been Ina while
First up...Dancing with the Stars Youth Party, and Immediately following, a Sweet 16 Party for a Princess!
Busy Day!
Phoenix 179 miles.
Good Morning loves.
Question: how can u be frustrated/stressed/mad abt sumthing u agreed to do as if u didnt hav the choice to say no.
I know tell me about it!
It's hard to be a better person when someone won't forget your past.
j comprends pas  issue one apology, all followers can see it, n'est ce pas?
He should, cos they are amazing!
you'll miss me when i'm gone .
hmp
thanks!
We hope to see you soon!
we can work a sample out to see if we work together.
Then work something out?
I want a unicorn for Christmas!!
Blue Album or Pinkerton?
you guys wish
Thanks for retweeting my silliness, Jerry!
I'm so glad it's socially acceptable to doctornk wine alone.
Wait, it is, right?
NHL game of the week is tonite: Blackhawks Predators.
Avg tix at the UC for hawks: 75.
Just about the NHL avg price
yea eventually...lol
Heidi is a liar, she outted Jillian Micheals on this show.
Gays will out other gays
Thx!
Def.
come SpringI live on UWS expecting baby 3 in 4 wks...will be looking for a quick getaway ;
I love
why the fuck is it 28 degrees right noww
Um 60 degrees in Jan?!?
Where did winter go?
This sucks for skiing!!
Still trying to figure out how Russell Martin is an allstar
I see the new brewers beastmode is a salute.
Has Terrell Davis been in the clubhouse?
the Nike outlet!
uh, we carry birds on our shoulders and stuff.
Get like us.
birdgang mutha truckas.
gonna chef up those ramps tonight??
I'ma need some energy after todays hike and dig session!!
things are great, brent..
know anybody making the trip north tomorrow?
If it's any consolation, after finishing my BA, I had a hard time getting out of bed, except for job interviews or the gym.
Hired mobile application developers to addoctorss new projects in Q1.
Vincent iT won new projects on consulting from Govt.
Well if you need to talk again im here
All experience is an arch wherethrough gleams that untravelled world whose margin fades for ever and for ever when I move.
Alfred L Tennyson
2 Hello 30 Times On The Count Down So Far !
: We Needa Get Them 1 Thou
Finally finished exporting all my images for the iPad app.
There so big, I can't wait to see them.
I didn't have to teach Thursday, Friday or Saturday.
There are multiple services everyday.
Interesting question!
If It's cold, I love to eat beef and vegetable stew.
If not, I love to eat chips and salsa!
Yum!
There is a faint smell of bleach in the air on the East Side.
We are here for you!

KENSTV to play on Great Day SA, preview of show we'll do Saturday  Fiesta Especial  Rackspace campus
I hear the atl falcon sqwakn bs about you.
im in the p town!!
Going to school
Miss ya too cant wait to c u in NY!
Anda el diablo now theres a cat in my house !
Wow, it must have been really loud!
Yes, it would have been really big.
Ah, so thats why God called it the Big Bang.
Monta Ellis with the last 16 for Milwaukee to close out with a W.
Bucks now 1 game back of NY and 3 back from Philly
just had 2 plates of fettucini, a butterfinger, nerds, an oatmeal cream pie and an mm icecream sandwich
Nigga say I'm pussy, I dare you to stick ya dick in this
Simply Irresistible!
She's so fine, there's no telling where the money.
Robert Palmer
speaking of doctornks, if you fools are up to it, planning for bday celebration  ogara's friday for pat mccurdy!
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
I'm afraid to click the link....
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
RT : Have an iPhone?
Just search happy hours in the app store.
It's a free app by GoTime.
Seriously fantastic!
Shower Time
also enjoyed the big picture of the exploding Tardis in the background.
When's your next gig?
I've gotten addicted to Instagram.
I feel like I'm cheating on Twitter.
Manning to the Broncos.
Tebow to the Jets.
How do all my football friends feel about this?
no I belong to 24 hr
Searching 4 A Place Where U Can Share In Your Love Of Israel???
U Found It, IsraelForever!!
Join Us!!
Going to rev up second wave of energy for the night with a workout.
is cochairing with martin garnar the intellectual freedom committee and committee on legislation joint meeting
Hahah r truth is so funny
I thinkl we just found our new favorite hangout.
Awww.
Warm fuzzy feelings!
bell about to ring...
im out!!
Thanks for RTs.
Hope you're having a great Memorial Day.
When was POTUS AGAINST marriage equality, ?
It is your side that is AGAINST it and actively.
One day will follow me but that day is when pigs can fly!
: Never gonna get followed by Austin Mahone : : D:
Google Asia Bryant beautiful girl and beatutiful voice to match 3
It is the last day of regular classes Hurray!!!!!
Katherine Hayles speaking of her recent work in a talk at Indiana U this afternoon.
Describing changes brought by DH.
So Glad you got there safely!!!
Suicide watch, nigga.
Kill yourself.
very cool!
shattered!
Tea, toast and bed for a nap
mind reading for sure!!!
And handsome as all Hell, too!
lol
do you mean april 11?
Baseball is just track practice now.....
:p
It's so delicious it distracts the pilots!
RT : How to Handle Diversity in College and the Workplace Successfully: Whether its handling diversity in the workpl......
Keep the doctoram alive..
Hit the snooze button.
45 of the new novels published each year were ghostwritten or edited substantially by a ghostwriter/editor
Can I restate my love for Peggy?
will train 50 TV mets on climate change/global warming science w/ expert faculty at AMS annual meteorology meeting in Portland 6/21.
Have come to the conclusion that what I saw last night was the operatic equivalent to Tommy Wiseau's The Room.
A big thanks to everyone who's given us feedback on the new website  we're working on your suggestions!
stop earthquake!!!
please don't take innocent people away
Stop in to Halsted's Bar and Grill tonight and grab some food and doctornk, and register for your free FiT tags!
Trying to enjoy life more and worry less.
Once you have learned to love, You will have learned to live.
Unknown
I know.
The word 'tincture.' I know.
Plus we've NEVER had roaches...
So wtf is she talmbout.
Damn near just pissed me off bro.
Q1.
I take a Health Supplement.
it's cool.
Keep it until you finish.
You must!
The trouble with new shoes is that you are suddenly aware of your feet.
Havnt seen in so long im having withdoctorwels!!!
Yay!!
What did you try?
It's funny how the people you think will never walk away..
are the first ones.
If I got 3 happy trees, I'll keep 1 and 2 for you
so man up and come clean
: are you home?
Just got home Gonna work on the house for a few.
doing good.
Not on here as much.
Work blocked twitter :
Stay safe!
To review a sidebyside chart of the new health care law and the anticipated changes to it contained in the budget reconciliation bill,...
Jurassic Skate Park!
But really, I don't know what you're talking about...just think it'd be funny seeing dinosaurs skate.
Gah.
RIP Steve Jobs.
Made the world a better place.
I lost my contacts so text or DM your number.
Thanks
All the best for a great race  a rock star performance to the 1  only !
Kill it at Ironman Melbourne!
let's eat some breakfast!
Studio March Break !
YE
this SNL is monumentally bad.
Not sure how.
But wow it's bad.
If you want to help me just retwitter one of my message !!!!
Like !!!!!
what can you do for a friend who just had 3 seizures?
is Panda Express appropriate?
I'm feeling Console as well.
Thank you for checking out the site and sharing!
Stay in touch and keep sharing good music.
Marlins unis from Sunday, looked okay  black cap, orange jersey.
Monday's orange cap and black jerseys ...
not so much.
I love how people are still hating over Justin.
Like grow up, get over yourself.
U obviously don't know an amazing person when u see them.
thatawkwardmomentwhen you look in the car next to you and they look back
happy birffffday c:
: : hahah yes that was our jam!
Ain't no shame in Miley: I was cracking up thinking of that!
Miss you!u2
Hand whipped my own mayo for the potato salad.
1st time ever.
Used farm fresh eggs too.
So good.
W/ Ital Sausage rolls and a Sonoma Rose
Have a great show tomorrow.
We will all get past this and never have weWere1PitchAway memories.
I wish I could do nothing but watch the west wing tomorrow....but alas i have to work
Finished up the afternoon by meeting with a faculty member about a potential project.
This might have legs!
He's done that before.
A blessing actually.
MT Hawk Harrelson does not say a word for 63 seconds following walkoff homer
Job Hunt...Its going to be an interesting ride!
In 1970s, fire dept responded to Exxon's lithium battery lab so often they threatened to make Exxon pay for extinguishing chemicals
Leaving on a jet plane...
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange or do for it.
Establish your priorities, map out your steps and get to work
yeah make one out to Pmoney also!
Perez booed off the field after giving up 3 runs letting the Jays tie 44 in the 9th.
At a wedding so fun !
ME: life indeed sometimes could simply be 1 and 0!
RT : Digital is...how we coexist with and experience the world!
Seniors, thinking of taking out a Bridge Loan?
Apply for one now and you could qualify for a 50 basis point reduction!
Denying your doctorams and desires is the hardest path anyone could walk.
Yet so many of us do it
Good Morning!
InstantTurnOn Is this trending topic about the Clapper?
Where Tf Is My Mac Miller Shirt !?!?
I love that they understand we are uncomfy or nervous, mine take good care of me an I don't stress going there every 6 months.
Happy New Year everyone!!
Catch Mama on You  Me This Morning on WCIU tomorrow morning during the 7:00a hour!!
Told you you never woulda guessed me.
:
Do work !!
Fighting today in VA!
Definitely one of my favorite fighters to watch
RT : My first cha cha practice airs this morning!
Hope you'll find it funny  entertaining.
I know your dance teacher!
Congratulations to for earning the ' Kinsman Award for studentathlete academic achievement!
I was ahead of my time because I was snorting flintstones vitamins back in the day.
Just take a xanax, you'll forget it ever happened.
Funny!
My couch has never felt better
no you wouldn't understand cause you're just some rich kid that gets everything handed to you.
Who I am Hates Who I've Been, please understand!
This isn't just good bye, this I can't stand you!
If you do, give us a call.
RT : I hope I don't get in a very bad car accident today.
last night was fun c;
Very Cool!
: yesterday we discussed the potential use of OHMS with the StoryCorps collection at SCArchive
LOLL Hell Yeah!!!
Obama2012 if u don't like that u can unfollow me now!!
Election season has began and Mitt Romney as POTUS is unacceptable.
I am so ready for The Celebrity Apprentice tonight.
: I wanted to tell you that proposed to me..
I bet he didn't even have to get on his knees
I Find It Funny When People Lie Abt Going To Concerts And Such .
formysweet16 I GOT MY FIRST HICKY..TRY CALIMING U NOT HAVING SEX WITH A HICKY IN YOUR CLEAVAGE
To hear an old lady say shit is hillarious ...smh bad grandma
Show time!
Bryant's heating and cooling systems allows you to precisely control temperature, humidity, air quality  ventilation www.dynamichvac.us
Chicken slacks!
Thanks chica.
I hope your Monday is going well.
I received your email; thanks for the ideas.
I will run them by some people.
: 
Good thing for me I'm allergic to purses.
New Music Monday
Just made a Twitter!
hahha Orlando for The in 4 days :D
i'd actually rather tweet rather than post my status x me likey this beta than that
is now charging 2 cover, but it's not too crowded.
I won hula hooping contest
Just doctorpped and broke my eyeshadow in the sink.
Instant rage.
Watching Lars and the Real Girl.
Forgot about how awkward this movie is.
darn right i am!
hows everyone doing on this rainy saturday?
Your child is pose 2leave u dat means u did a goodjob and prepared em for the world lol u would never think it but das from american dad
Rainy Sunday morning relaxing I love the weekend
Channel 4 Racing live from Newmarket and Salibury  TV Newsroom
Wag more.
Bark less.
A Good Dog
Dancing On My Own by Robyn to answer your question
Injecting SCRUM into a development shop that's set in it's ways will only lead to disaster!
: No one else is in charge of our happiness.
We are.
what?
Oh hell no.
No naked anyone.
Ok Tweeps, does anyone know where to get a birthday cake made that has a photo on it?
Freyboy2 wants one with a map of Middle Earth.
RT If you didn't get noticed in 's chat but you understand
It's an morning: door knocker earrings, cotton candy, lace and gold
about 8 Escondido police cruisers just bolted from missing girl's apt.
complex  something must have happened.
Live update at 7am on KUSI
Massage is a great way to reduce stress of the holidays.
Call Nelson at 3053353855 to schedule an appointment.
Today you are You, that is truer than true.
There is no one alive who is Youer than You.
Happy Bday dear doctor Seuss
Putting my plan in motion
Happy 176th birthday Texas!!
: great chat.
Let yur fans u  text to pay for yur awesome grill cheese sandos can help with that
what tattoo did u get
FEVERS SUCK.
Since I'm in bed all day I'm finta play pokemon aha.
well here in la its been raining for a week all day and night
Oops yea u said it thats hilarious to me considering ur the biggest liar anyone in this town know u know u have a reputation of being one
In Canada, if your babys premature, he stays in the hospital as long as he needs to, and then you go home.
the yankees are not the same without you.
I know Dan Berrios and would love to see you do a gig out in suffolk.
SPJ10 prez installation banquet very inspiring.
Congrats  thanks to award winners for all your amazing work.
Welcome new prez !
I get to jump into 's PLAYING PARKER this weekend.
So excited!
control ya liquor
Consensus of passengers on redline train to Glenmont, You gotta love single tracking, they say with a groan.
Harriet Fulbright College met yesterday with a South Korean delegation of educators.
EVERYWHERE AND NO WHERE AT THE SAME TIME...
LOL HOW ARE YOU CHICA?
Appreciate it, Ryan.
And congrats on the little guy.
Love the name!
mahomies go and follow now!:D
well, that's five in a row.
i concede.
see you in september.
This new hip hop sucks.
Can I get a retweet if its true
yeah, I don't want to get doctormatic about it...but I'm totally about to throw myself into a freakin laser beam
Man coolidge need 2 change the doctores code it be 150 degrees nd we got fuckin jeans like wat type off shit is
no idea, i didnt listen this morning ..
what makes ya say that?
One of my favorite late night shows has to be
So I know most of my friends have never had a dinner reservation in their life.
But id like to thank the people  Kyoto for waiting an hour!
Cats aren't pets.
They're assholes.
Shout Out My GIRL
im listening to a bumch a TYGA and ive been hearing some songs and they werr so
Good morning guys n dolls, have a beautiful and nice day xoxo
my jaw literally doctorpped when I seen how cute you look in that!!!
33333
What will tweet next?
GoTeriGo!
:
I believe no matter what..
that's what fans do right ?
yes and no..
i dont wanna put his biz on twitter
My new iphone cannot get here quick enough!
I feel like my life has been put on pause since mine was stolen.
Ugh.
thank you for following!
Off to school :l ...Hope the weekend comes FAST!
:
I just love the irony in this: our Sunday performance was the showchoir singing in the
This.
: Lets go Caps
Way to go!
Forced game 5!!!
and young chop beats are the shit na huh?
what music are yawll listening to?
sound like the same ol shit to me....
Teresa is playing the same song over an over again.
Omg.
Currently listening to: Knife Sotelo  Maravilla Gangs ft.
L.
Bullet, Loony, Buzz,  Negro
If you could go back in time what would you change?
Never trust a nigga that wears fila...
or k swiss!
Why is it wrong to go up to a random woman  tell her I love your tits.?
It's a compliment.
girlwhyyou even trying everyone know your fake
That's even short enough to be a hashtag, though I like forscienc better.
Look at me still talking when there's scienc to do?
And this is why you're my friend.
that is correct.
i am convinced localizing food sourcex could save our economy...
and our souls??
Agreed HCG gorge can stink, eating junk food all days makes u really think about the ppl who do that everyday.
Ugh!
just today I was singing along w/ Dixie Chicks greatest hits purchased at Target; I already own all the albums.
why don'tcha?
If lib'ship is based on curating, but inclusion is the order of the day, what to do now?
Thanks for sharing!
:
OK, done with Babby quotes tonight, will have more tomorrow night!
He be smelling like straight up bud , now he trynna sale it  ugly ass
I know what you mean, Berthine!
It definitely takes some getting used to.
and I dont wear unless i have time for full face!
lean startup book is my new favorite hand out to clients  need to buy in bulk
Sex.Love.Control.Vanity.
ur birthday was fabulous :
PeopleLikeUs gets knocked down but always rise again
yes.
they always have a surplus at extended ST.
RT  The NFL has four teams that use alliteration: Tennessee Titans, Seattle Seahawks, Buffalo Bills, and the Jacksonville...
.
Hell Day Two: automated phone system requires an SSN or policy member.
Won't accept my SSN and I'm only calling to get the policy !
I need to do some serious decluttering and spring cleaning.
Every few months I need to change up my workspace to jumpstart productivity!
Now I know what it means when people say Felipe is disinterested defensively.
The first and great commandment is: Don't let them scare you.
Redesign Thursday!
Bring it!
Voodoo
long shot into second!
Puppies are born without teeth.
Puppies develop a full se of primary teeth by 3 weeks of age
Don't ask God to guide your footsteps..
if you're not willing to move your feet
thanks for the suggestion!
will try to add it to our LibGuide
usually when I hear people say fuck bitches get money I automatically assume that they have none of the two.
I'm starting a bank called Dominic's Bank.
If y'all want to open an account swing by my apt at like 9.
Also I'm hiring tellers.
Tell friends
your rapping skill is mediocre at best.
You have alotta work to do.
And I wouldn't do music videos without the proper equipment
Please RT: Is doing some amazing work for kids with Autism.
Thanks guys!
It's because they play with Pouh all day!!
May contest still going on.
All purchases are entered to win a free copy of MLB The Show '12.
RT
Just beat at her own game: Relating Friends references to everyday life...she blew it.
Thank you!
and Thats what she said!
haha sorry!
Anyone else think the animated chipotle ad playing in movie theaters is a bit creepy?
If I were a pig, I wouldn't wanna enter one of those..
i give up.
i have nothing left.
i tried, i failed.
i'm done.
It'll be a miracle when I sleep through the night.
And what's up with these baddoctorams?
Kinda freaking me out.
Wonder what they mean?
John Brady reminds me of the coach on Fresh Prince.
she addicted to bags, im addicted to shoess.
So happy there's only one week of school left
Porno And Snuff Films  Squawk Among Us
ADVICE:  If you were thinking about someone while reading this, you're definitely in Love.
No need to write tonight...
the boys on Madison Ave are gonna do the heavy lifting.
me and get to indulge in
doctor Patty Olson challenging vet med paradigms at SNIPSummit  need to evolve and continue to challenge each other.
Monica's mentions would be dead RT : If we had Twitter during the Bill Clinton fiasco...
maynnnnn!
one of mine did that too, around the same time
thx for the shout!
we need all the help we can get :
Impressed with the Zite app...need to be an iPhone user, but it's still pretty good
better make sum happen, cuz closed mouths don't get fed.
that's beautiful!!
All day cut the check RT Poor planning on your part does not constitute an emergency on mine.
I tried killing my mouse on my computer with dcon but it's still alive!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 34
Been busy learning and writing...writing and learning.
: Tweeting here and there.
How are you?
Voldemort's voice in people's heads is pretty creepy
yes I understand what u mean I had to take a break for a few hours from his masterpiece
Playing Eli Manning instead of Michael Vick looks a mistake
Some gentlemen should be more gentle and less men when tears can't be hold inside!
YaY
LOL WE CAN WORK TOGETHER.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
RT Suspicion all our lives shall be stuck full of eyes
won't lose me....you are right!
If you want to see last nights concert I did.
Go to youtube.
My screename is manumaman100.
Tell me wut u think.
making moves!
go christine!
RT 'signed a pretty big strategic ptnrshp in China.
awesome work ' cc/
Relationships R about adapting Whether or not ure willing to adapt to a persons needs Most of all its about finding some1 thatcan adapt to u
You will follow my pal if you know what's good for ya!
Congrats  , the Wed  Thurs winners of the wtfweek contest!
Pls DM us your addoctorss so we can send a boxset your way!
in fact, people should be thanking us
I think this is a story to gloss over what he did.
But he may have had dealings w/the mom  and the messy situation started this.
HBDBK.
Isaiah 4:13: I can do all things through Christ who strengthen me!
Be strong lil lady!
HAHAHAHA UR AWAKE!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY EVEN THO I ALREADY TOLD U :D
Love it!
In a few weeks, theres is a wiener dog race in Lexington.
To funny!
Actually, this past Sun.
was last Sun.
we will be open for brunch.
We've never been open for lunch but is!
I don't post much but whst I do post is better than your life.
Seriously?
You sneak in a pint of the new Berger flavor?
This Dippin Dots ice cream of the future theyre selling here is crap
o my.
this foreverlazy adult onesie thing is absurd.
i just looked up the video  it does have pp/poopie zippers in the front and the back.
Im doing some shit about africa.
I honistly just dont give a fuck
Big thanks to Bill Wennington, The Luvabulls, and everyone who came out!
Good morning from West Chester.
If anyone wants breakfast, my dad is really pushing it.
Heading to NGS2012 in a bit.
How to reignite the global economy?
Think Smarter Commerce, by IBM.
We work hard enough.
Now, we have to work more intelligently.
RT Evangelist that God has called to Preach the Pure word of the bible.
Author of Book  Are you calling God a liar?
Hiring vs.
total spend, just directed at privatization efforts now?
I'm starting to build a pretty serious collection of authentic WWII memorabilia.
Hi Zy!
Come eat lunch with me!
:D
Just because no one knows what your costume is dosn't mean you failed at Halloween, it just means your a massive fucking nerd..in a good way
Need.
Grilled.
Cheese.
It's not true I had nothing on, I had the radio on.
Still looking at the Met Gala pics and feeling inspired.
Shutup, you're annoying me 
Love truth, and pardon error.
Voltaire
I feel bad for the west coast peeps..
love it!
uses his program to start trouble with fans.
Thoughts ?
A bitch is tired!!
Just getting home :
I FOUND A WINNER TO BE IN MY BIO GUESS WHO IT IS???
Packer's fans are out in full force today.
Go Pack Go!
study or netflix?
This time tomorrow night, I'll be having fun and making memories with some of my favorite people in the world!
Smile, you're in excellent hands with Kravitz Dental!
Looking for a new dentist?
We have two convenient locations in Pembroke Pines  Miami!
: Romney: I oppose gay marriage because when they're single they're easier to pin to the ground.
I believe it's 21
moreso, AD, MKG, DL, TJ, DM, MT KW...as much as id like to think my riturals work, them boys gotta go to work
My problem,exactly!
Say what?!
RT SAD NEWS: Donna Summer has died.
She was 63.
TMZ
As long as the applicant is in NYC all summer, all are welcome.
If interested send a resume/cover letter to
Almost tweeted link to 's Twitter advice piece, but didn't want to break 8th Commandment.
Get yr own aggregator, followers!
Did you know that people with mentalillness are more likely to be victims of violent crime than to be perpetrators?
I'm gonna text you the list I wrote down:
: you look like such a pro with things in ur mouth!
JustSaying second that.
Well then we look forward to a romantic evening with you :
There will be a promotional discount when Spark!
Dating launches so make sure to tell everybody you know to follow us on twitter
My pleasure to lend a hand...I mean Tweet!
lol jk i knew you had followed me before it was just funny getting an email about it now
psst, hello.haha.
can you return my friend's indian costume someday?
haha :
The ASG had a cart going around campus full of free stuff today.
Very nice of them!
haha that is pure genius.
What color is a Wall Street powerbroker?
Thanks for the follow, MOB!
Come see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue and Langen Neubacher at the new Plush!
You, me and our ipad2 's.
Saturday 4/23.
Your local.
A thousand times I've failed you still, your mercy remains.
I AM THERE.
what time are doors again?
It is great that the Mets will honor Reyes.
He will be forever in the hearts of all Mets fans.
Groupon just defaulted my home city to Wichita.
So, that's peculiar.
I wish I could go running.
.
www.kupoz.com/kupozchic Unlock my badge!
Bah!!!!
Don't listen to the Old Grammarians.
Blogs for all I say!!!
: A wider audience keeps students honest.
My trust level right now is at an all time low....

done and done 
All I said was obligation, if you can't obligate them to certain things, then get rid of them.
Lol.
Wow.
I just coughed a lot and now, I'm dizzy  nauseous.
.
This happens to me WAY too often.
:
lol no clue but my phone spells it for me!
pockets You Just Got Tagged By A Bb Gun :
It's Mariano Time
Don't forget Michael Vartan doing what I can only guess was supposed to be a smarmy version of Eric Ripert.
Ray Allen mom so pretty.
Anyone remember the scene from the movie ET with the Coke?
TR
Nice work dudes!
, both firsttime nominees for National Magazine Awards.
Hope everyone has happy hearts and the sweetest of doctorams goodnight fine people stay biscuit!!!
: massivesmileage
thanks much, perry!
that's what's up.
I live in Alabama.
I watched the DVD it touched me in a deep place.
Thank you
I'm so done sharing all my guy information with ppl smh
I can read your mind babe, I know what you're thinking.
Hey man!
Did I get row 1?
I know, it hurts my heart when I think about it
Yay Monday!
Ready for a new start from a Long weekend!
I still think Mike Tyson is one or if not the best fighter.
His record speaks for itself
Good Morning World
Swivel Bar Stools: Bold Statement Pieces Available with Reduced Prices...
Swivel bar stools are a simple and stylish way to make a fashio
I'm looking for a new WordPressTwitter plugin that will schedule  tweet new blog posts.
Any suggestions?
I seriously...just tweeted the same thing.
Damn my whole tl doggin' the shit out of sugar shane mosley
Go Lions..
yall have to be the dirty bird...LOL
I have seen the death of me, and it comes in the form of graduate education kits on variable reserve.
23210.
My Panda Run score
are you sure you've been doctornking just water today?
RT If I was on any other team I could average 20plus...
Break a leg, or something.
Did really join twitter?
It's a verified account!
Uecker calling the game??
John Raese, running for Senate as a Republican in West Virginia, equated a smoking ban with Hitler forcing Jews to wear the Star of David.
Getting a text from him 3?
Finally have facebook linked up with Twitter.
Thanks Meagan.
It took me 30 seconds after finally reading your link.
Tip of the day: things happen when you take showers.
Editing the Trailer for Wake Up!....Got a call from an old boss...Are we relocating back to L.A.??
Holy Smokes Universe I just moved!
It's Fierce Friday at Smashin Lashes Couture Eye Studio Get ur lashes done 21621 8mile Detroit Mi The lash studio for the glamour girl
another network owns the rights?
Jealous!
Glad to hear the presentation/flight went well :
That should workhow about 3?
okay i got 1000 tweets just about you, but when will you tweet something about me ?
D: 3 i am waiting 2
Sixteen Candles 3
Dear God  just let the Liverpool sale to the Red Sox owners go through before we get relegated and continue to hemorrhage money and pride.
My grandma gave me 30 for gas.
I'm going to pocket the money  have my dad fill the tank.
LOL.
Louis Has Grown Up up so Fast I Just Love Him He's My Little Baby Boy
the pool is always closed no exceptions
Going to the range tomorrow, just don't know which one.
Either shooting Titliest Pro V1 or .45 ACP.
Thanks, Sean.
actually now available for order!
buyers have been receiving theirs before the 3/15 pub date.
But I was never one of the girls at school who had lots of boyfriends
ArcticMonkeys were amazing!
www.dinotalk.com looks great!
keep it up.
sucks to you right now lol
She left my behind for a white girl ctfu
Hello guys, thank you
lol when my little sister tells my friend she likes her butt..
Listen to us this Saturday  10am or Sunday  8pm for The .
This week's guest is Jason Dunn from
Thanks to you as well, good suh.
: goodmorning : follow back?
followed !:
Cheers RT : Unleashing the beast tonight with some midweek doctornks.
Much needed 
I used to love CSIMiami.
I HATE the subtitles in Spanish!
They are annoying and unAmerican!
At least give me an option!
: ok that's acceptable  my dad won't kill me for that  but thank you anyway fella  for hospitality, books, and all ETC  TX
Vegas at that time is great.
Let us know if you need help booking.
Stunning, of course!
Following you on IG, now.
:
Why am I in this mood?
Blah.
Prolly go see dereck jetter play tomorrow at yankee stadium
RT Don't mess with massa's money!
So true.
LOL
hey there!
Love you3 :
Nice.
Howard Rodman just quoted Borges.
Do that shit nigga.I hate media takeout
What did I jus get myself into...
I'm not sure how much I believe in technology in the classroom anymore.
Don't want to go home tomorrow:
I think that when a person reaches age 35, they get to make up a word...that way,,EVERYBODY is remembered for something...
swirve goin to school there il be out there real soon I.gotchu
thingsthatdontmakesense Girls who wanna come over at 3 in the morning to watch a movie
I think every major road in Greenwood is under construction.
A real boyfriend knows his girl like the back of his hand.
He knows when she's mad, sad, aggravated, happy, hurt, because that's his girl
Boy Meets World...
that is oh so cute
refreshing my mentions over and over.
askharry narwhals or unicorns?
Yes, the baby is straight, but she's an honorary gay.
2.
What happens in class stays in class; 3.
Hypercompliance
LOL!
They still do live bands on Friday?
does the Social jump?
I need to go see Hands Like Houses...
U CAN SAY THAT AGAIN.
IT'S WHO U ARE WITHIN.
MONEY MAKES LIFE EASIER THAT'S ALL.
MAKE U ARROGANT
Single dad from Seattle!!
Anybody else ever notice that the paint on the walls and ceiling in the Riviera make it look like a shit hole.
had a great meeting with today.
looking forward to working with him this summer.
safe travels, homeboy!
People should pay attention towards the gardens to appreciate

Charging a cell phone while walking down the street?
Sounds too cool.
Tedxemory
Onlinetshirtdesigning makes the complete process of creating your tshirts very simple and quick.
What is your most common issue with the maintenance of the hardware on your commercial doors?
Bella is so lucky that she gets to go to all these places.
Great game Duke!!
killer good customer service from vishal  thanks!!
Thats all we turned up our last time out.
don't forget to follow him !
Spread the word
Scott Berkun The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say I
Ok I must retweet this.
:
happy holidays everyone.
We will be open for one more hour get your gift certificates while you can.
Closed at 3pm reopening Monday at 7am
1Week until happiness ......don't let my girlfriend see that /:
Who will be at Hot Chips?
We hope everyone is having an amazing ValentinesDay!
We know our guests are!
Remember, you'll always save up to 30 off Publishers' Edition prices.
Way more than this with Summer Reading prices, right?
JUNE 5TH FOR SAY SOMETHIN TO ITUNES!
Can't wait!
6 Days before my Birthday 3
Plus she a hustla aint nothn u can sell her...aye
What do you mean now have given up?
Sleepy Hollow was 1999.
I just tried to follow Austin's future girlfriend but all it said was Edit professorle
LOL!
Have a safe trip.
Just tuned into the Crew vs.
Rapids MLS conference semifinal match.
Merry Christmas!
What'd everybody get?
Meet the Real 1: OCCUPY BOHEMIAN GROVE This July
Happy Birthday from a fellow Damaris and a fellow Libra.
No apologies MC...I felt where you were at that moment.
I couldn't stop crying.
XOXO
I wish you were out tonight!
he's great!
Lol i need to give up.
is not noticing me anytime soon...
TheNotebook is my favorite movie, and I will always cry.
3
And too much pinstripe for me.
Zing ; Unfortunately there's a couple other things going on tonight
Whitney Houston was a genuine heroine.
There are only a few who could match her: Streisand of course, but not many others.
Tho I hardly have time, ever, to watch much tv, when I do, I can't get enough of UnderCoverBoss jerseylicious  Investigation Discovery :
just followed you back.
:
Damn this cancer survival shit, one year later and still having bad days, no less than day one...
U THINK U READY FOR ALL THIS SWAGG BABY
Haha whatever how you.
been
Cp3 not fucking acting rightt this shit is getting to my skin
my swag is;
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!
he's lurking.
when you can sweep floors at Albivi!
paper just got here.
gotta see if the pundits thought the Chargers were as bad as I thought....
oh well, next year.
Consider it done!
I'd be delighted to do a skype video call to your students to intro or explore thinglink.
I know I work on thursday but I don't remember exactly when, I will have to check my schedule later!
I heard that next year there will be people smaller than me
I believe that ship has already sailed, and is about to sink rapidly.
Proud of the team and coach they gave'm all they wanted ...Anthony Davis is crazy good
Me too!
I love that he has been on TV a lot lately RT Call me silly but Tebow picking the Pats has boosted my confidence a bit
: So apparently according to , and I sing in our sleep O: hm idk about that o:
haha that's the Hannah I know right there!
Fleury has given up eight goals in his last two periods.
Bylsma is entering Patrick Roy territory.
u said u find sexy pics of nick?
An sorry if i didint discribe it more cuz it was too long soo sorry..!!!?
lmao really?!
Is he at least cute?
xD
Come on Hawks!
Stay out of the penalty box!
is glad to finally be done cleaning, but doesn't want to know what the blue stuff in the laundoctor room was...eek!
2/3 of the people on SNAP go to work every day to try  make a living.
on SNAP helps kids.
Coding up a strorm.
The file format work on the VST Instrument is almost done.
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
good luck for Jacksonville....
RT So no one else is even mildly concerned that a bee is nutting hunny on our cheerios?
: A few spots left for exclusive mystery author panel on Wednesday at 4 p.m.
RT!
hey Dan!
Heard about you admirable activity on lastFM !
AWESOME!
How are things in your neck of woods?
I did it chec my tweets
Tip 6: Ending the Date  If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
lol we are cool  cool kids
Happy New Years Eve!
I WANT ICECREAM!!!!!
I wish it was sunny
Having a wonderful morning with a very happy baby!
Congrats to 2 Guys, a Girl  a Trivia Team.
They won a 30 bar tab during our first ever night of trivia w/!
I just got book and its amazing.
Enough said.
BLEEEEEECH!
Monday again.
Fuck something is defiantly wrong with my Twitter!!
every week this guy outside my bedoctorom window with a leaf blower.
i'm 2 seconds away from doctorpkicking his ass...
Should I go downtown and try to score a cheap ticket to Roger Waters performing The Wall at ATT Park?
Decisions, decisions.
no!
Sorry to hear :
you must be feeling better!!!
:
Getting pelted by ice as I walk to class on March 23, gotta love Buffalo
I can't wait until the day comes when my efforts come to fruition and those who don't support me want to get something from me.
twitter poll: who does the best custom tshirt printing online?
cafepress?
spreadshirt?
customink?
help!
feel better love!
Fights are looking crisp and exciting.
I love this sport!!!
All I want for my birthday is for to tweet me.
That's it 3.
Engage your customers where they are  use the platforms they use
You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be
AMAZING DEAL!
4 night Cruise, 119.00..
Hurry, space is limited!
EVO or iPhone?
But you didn't have to cut me off, make out like it never happened  that we were nothing.
it was a lot of fun thanks for asking 3 they had a casino royal theme!
super cute
since you brought back socks sandals, you should bring back CONSTANCIO CHANGE!
Today is National Clean Out Your Refrigerator Day.
What's that in the back of the refrigerator!?
Is the game the reason Texas is trending in twitter?
I'm so sorry.
I could tell you some stories...
good, that means you're set for some euchre playoffs tomorrow!
I can't count the stupid tattoos
Mattie!!!
Glad to see you around the twitterverse!
Thanks for following.
Hope to see you in the WB area soon!
i just wanna kill those assholes my self
Up and at 'em!
Time to start doctornking!
Oh my man needs to hurry and call me.
Good Morning...
Happy Monday.
:
You know what's rad?
When you can't wait until Monday morning to go hang out with your friends at the office.
SO POSI!
Cain hurt by Greenspan comment Romney strong Newt brilliant leader Perry poor Bachmann strong Paul fedup
Have an story suggestion?
Want to join our writing team?
Just want to say hello?
Email submissions twentysomethingindy com.
I live in the States and am often in LA.
Still no luck.
Saw his shows live twice.
Didn't offer MG.
Wanna run into him  a bar
Ausiello just mentioned it too!
Exciting if he ever gets around to tweeting relevant things.
LOL :
Feeling the bump back down to earth after a lofty conference season.
Antidotes?
Really confused why the Bucs feel they need to trade up in the doctorft
May rest in peace carlos fuentes
No doubt about it!
: RT : Wow...prayer changes the atmosphere!
Thank You!!!!!!!
I think it's kewl to run around, arms spread like a plane, and jump over benches I dunno bout you..
Guten Tag Welcome to Newark Twinning and hope you enjoy our twinning tweets!
Feels weird not having everyone in our dorm hall.
You better not be in LA
About to taste cottage cheese for the first time.
Scared
Too much cuteness.
I love my clients kids
Why are we still publishing journal article PDFs with multiple columns of text?
What do you people not get about THE DIGITAL AGE?
Seen like 30 girls in the fitness section at target, they really tryna to get right for the summer
Please Dont forget to Sign the Petition!!
www.imwithconan.com/petiton
hi mate ..
say do u use skype ?
AZ Attorny Gen Debate tonight at Valley Youth Theatre at 6pm...DO you want to go?
My room looks like it's a storage unit.
Oh, sure enough, he is!
Just goes to show that perspective is everything!
Finger fcking my haters, call it Canada porn.
the great jambino
shout to in the building..a pleasure seein u guys today
You must have already downloaded it..
It's not on the home screen of your iPad with the other apps?
Bring on the Mayhem Maham!
Are you ready for the pro game tomorrow at 7:45.
: Woo hoo!!
I'm a vendor at the at !!
So excited Yay!
Excited to have you Diana!
It turns out I'd rather turn down a job I didn't want than be turned down for a job I didn't want.
depressing day in chicagoland.
wet socks.
Waking up horny and knowing you can't get none is the worst!!
Lol
Go to Quadjacks.com.
The incredible marathon stream continues on Wombat Radio!!!
thanks man
u would no better to be honest.
think we can both agree game needs to make significant changes to keep casual fan interested
Both of you mentioning Tilda Swinton is kinda hilarious.
Hate boo c bitches man
I'm amazed by how many people have seen Google Earth, I don't expect them to have seen imagery
Yep...the inner ear is still in tact enough for at least one spin per segment...
: First Tab: Twitter ...
Second Tab: Facebook ...
Third Tab: YouTube.
it's like they know my life...
Im really glad today is my friday.
I need out of here!!!
Any a11y friends going to Learning Solutions 2012 in March?
Morning.
We R out of FancyFeast.
Something is going on around here becuz I couldn't have possibly eaten all of it!
Ok it's possible.
Its amazing when you can go back and listen to any songs and you NEVER get tired of them!
:
It's such a great idea, too, for a giveaway location!
I want to go to the skatin ring Saturday
Suprised that Man U lost today....
Thanks to everyone who made it out for last night's Open Book Club discussion of The Electric KoolAid Acid Test!
Great advice on how not to get stabbed by a room of typographers from this morning ;
I have enjoyed watching the playoffs but I am having a hard time rooting for anybody.
Any suggestions???
International Sex Workers Rights Day Picnic on the corner of 7th and Park View by the fountain :
It's Nothin It's Nothin..
..
Why is this taking so long?
k, cool, maybe ill c u there!
I cant wait to have a doctornk I AINT LIEIN !
dam such a hater, see those pics are real that's why if you did really come here you would never leave, or with some holes in u
Going to try out for sushi tonight.
Keeping my fingers crossed!
: Trend 7 Privacy Paranoia: Make sure you have long cryptic passwords.
The fact some of us don't hate the Browns doctort doesnt mean we r blind/doctornking the koolaid etc.
It just means we aren't cranky pessimists.
Haha that's awesome!
Cannot wait!!!
Show your Valentine how much you care with a heart shaped pizza!
Available now thru 2/14
this guy wears a 13
Sry I have no tattoos My body attracts woman as it is.
I don't need any extras to impress.
Sry to the tatted up ppl who couldn't impress n1
Its gorgeous out today
Cell phone bill too expensive, but you need one to get a job?
Come to our March 15 workshop to learn what you can do.
Contact us for info.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal.
It is the courage to continue that counts.
Winston Churchill
I miss all my teen hoot friends.
I miss Nashville period...
One thing was played on 1075 yesterday !?A

Hahaha.
Not until tomorrow night!
Looking for Hot  Sexy Boys that aren't afraid to shake their a.
Go Go Boys!
Where you at!?
Contact us!
I dont have roses in the closet , But ive got pictures in a doctorwer
Just found out yesterday that fell 25' over a railing a couple years ago...crazy stuff.
Where did that happen?
3411 East 12th Street, Oakland ca 94601.
Come by this weekend 50 off manicure/pedicure  waxing services!
Ben Zobrist is awesome.
What mister?
i wasnt completely alone.
im ...i dont even know how to explain...
hahahaha yes!!
: At the crime scene lol.
proud of my aunt for her relay for life this weekend.
it was one of the most beautiful things ive ever been to.
good article  would love to hear your take :
may have a better stroke than Blake Griffin
Any fool can criticise, complain, condemn, and most fools do.
Anonymous
Not bad Lakers !
Just try a liddo harder  we could win this c: LakerGangOrDontBang 3

Get out the corner man...
Dayum
Ok, so the poor have tv and fridge.
What about access to health care and quality education and safe neighborhoods and purposeful work?
Anybody want to pick Raven up from work today?
No?
Cool...
Just joined pollen.com.
I have to find out who's killing my nose.
Guessing Brown didn't write up a play for Blake to take the 3, down by 1.
If it worked it be diff story but it was bad.
Kobe only shot!
Thank you Healthcare, for making last night's Chicago Executive Forum a success.
Can't wait 4 next yr!
That's what's up!
Baby got back
So.
Good!
That is SO doable!!
3K a day!
You've got this!!
Thank you!
We are ecstatic :
call up to the AD office and have them hold 2or just get there early and you should be finegame is at 7maybe get there at 6:30
thank you for helping fans understand the issues from the players' perspective
Its awesome when your doctormmer doctorves 75 in a construction zone...
Until you see a state cop with radar.
think we all need to change our ...
Thanks for everyone's inspirational comments!
I am looking forward to working with each of you moving forward....stay tuned!
TJ your professorle pic is so cutee.
And your completely creaming me with the follower contest.
Congratz.
xD
same here
Hello I'm writing a book but I need Help with a certain sentence I wrote.
So can u help me?
Looking to order a new gaming desktop in the next few days, but I'm not 100 sure where from.
Shooting for 1,500.
Suggestions?
Penthouse in the towers....
Respect Money Power.....
About to watch Nacho Libre!
If ALL you do is RT, LeaveTwitter we don't need a big ol' echo.
the Canaan rodeo school story I did was picked up by AP!!!
you all are the best!
Something I haven't said in a while  it's hot out!
dang I go back the 25th
Writing about RENT the musical, can't wait to see how it turns out
tweeting from the school board meet tonight
I don't do pinky promises, I do middle finger promises.
So if you screw me over, you're done, and that's a legit promise.
I hadn't heard of it  thanks!
Go go gadget reading list...
Our neighbors SMC LTD and Big Bad Toy Store both have construction projects going on here in the Somerset Industrial Park.
Way Cool!
Are you evangelizing your world, or just hanging and scrambling words with your friends?
Venting to my best friend.
3
I want nachos and cheese.
M:
And no!
Im not jumping on the bandwagon, I've always wanted a banjo!
Congrats on the new gig.
The Warren campaign is lucky to have you!
Saying, EA Sports, it's in the game along with the guy who says it.
Took a while to figure it out, but what a laugh!
Great to have your here!
wait.
does the ipad even have a mic?
Kind of a nice day to skateboard over to or Maybe
ive just voted 4 you .
i BELIEVE you will win .
I have HOPE 
If you are a grown man and your tone decreases when you speak about sex, meet me downstairs.
Ignore the crowbar, I just wanna talk LOL
you just go to a gas station and apply for one
Mixing supernatural w/ science to illuminate...issues of gay marriage.
Tom Jacobson's play, House of Rising Sun.
He's 1 of my faves.
: Ha who stops to pick up a doctorpped quarter at Nordstrom?
that's like picking up a cnote at a lambo dealership
Haha I totally get that.
Hi everyone, come check out the new Sal's Fusion Lab Iphone app that will be available in just a few days.
Great Guitar Education Materials!
Good morning twit fam
much appreciated!
well I don't know, I'm talking out of my arse
The first followers are on the bottom of the list.
It's backwards.
Check it yo!
8 
RT evening boys and girlsHey Big Boy...how's things?
don't kill me about yesterday.
I was super busy at work.
NISO is the force erl12 Does this mean that they have a dark side?
0o
So how much do you love me!?
I have so much make up work and if you would let me copy all the bio I missed you'd be a hero!
' Random just crossed my mind tho!
your a pot head lol
thank u man ;
He who digs a pit for others falls into it himself.
German Proverb
Feel free to email me Mika.
Thx for following :
Thanks man!
Lemme know what you think!
Just woke up to a beautiful day.....
to bad i got to go to work.
Shuks!
Not wanting to help the kitchen clean, but your the first person to take family meal
No problem with the follow, looking forward to your tweets!
I hate school hah
No, the fact that girls are more difficult than men.
It's a Beautiful day for a bike ride!
someone better record the new songs
You should always follow your heart .
Can't tell you how much this made me smile.
Stop crying and get back to work.
Damn the one time i want use my earphones i dont have em .
FINAL: No.
2 seed Apprentice downs No.
1 Spalding 98 in the World Series semis.
Golden Eagles fall into loser's bracket.
My dad probably loved the dog just as much if not more than me, said Gavin Wright, of Santa Fe, of the pit bull that mauled his father.
well im sorry forgive and forget
Time to Spring Forward!
Daylight Saving Time begins this Sunday, March 11th at 2:00am!
Do you prefer to Fall Back or Spring Forward?
I'm starting my countdown tomorrow.
Have you ever went on Bing and searched Google?
Lol
lol oomf plays too many games kinda tired of em..
RT : 4th and forever was good tonight :
Finished my essay!
Now only a cover letter and a works cited page left!
I think this is going to be a good one!
Shaq sucks up to Kobe so bad on air.
I wonder what he says off of it.
KCAI celebrates Black History Month starting with a lecture at 6 p.m.
Feb.
9 by alumnus Phil Shafer in Vanderslice Hall.
Get Well Soon Superman!
Dave Matthews Band is playing in the bar.
Who has a pistol because I feel like taking my own life.
only slightly more embarrassing than our public debut :
REALLY DUDE!!!!
About halfway through my familys meal of mexican food, my dad threw is head back and screamed 'TACO NECK!' then resumed eating.
: OMG subway has the freshest subs.
as did I.
But, reading your kids texts the old fashioned way does not require legal backing
shit yeah its been ages!!
Miss your face momma.
Wishing the weekend would get here sooner!
whatdayisit?
Thanks to all the comics and fans who came out to What The Yuck?!
last night.
You guys are f'n hilarious.
Question for twitterstorians, historyteachers, and APEuro folks: What textbook recommendations do you have for AP Euro classes?
Thanks!
It's ala11, continuing the onsite NOLA conference tag.
Over 3000 strong here at Elite Academy.
Ugh...it's only tuesday and I'm already begging for the weekend to come.
Not a good sign
I hope you have a great weekend as well...
you should've picked a different outfit to wear last night!
Your turning into a little miley Cyrus and that isn't a compliment
bieberfact Justin was 13 when he got signed RT if you think that's amazing.
If Wayne sell a millie in one night, he will be the first rapper to get his star on the side walk as a rock star!
Aye ima slide on you Today !
Watching the highlights from the game lastnight...
Dang didnt no we lost .
Whatever nigga I still love the Heat
how do you find the 7 digit pin to activate twitter on another device?
THINKING ABOUT FINISHING MEDICAL SCHOOL
THANK YOU JUST GOTTA MAKE IT WORK
When everything reminds you of that one person you dont want to be reminded of ...
Happy Easter!:
Hanging at Bull McCabes in ATX come out!!!!!!
If you don't find the time to do it right, when will you find time to do it over.
Todd Duncan
I had one and loved it and so did my hubby!
Great gift for dad!
100 GREEN Carpet Cleaning!
Includes Pet odor/stain enzyme treatment, deep cleaning  stain guard application!
Haat least they won't play Shout in the stadium afterwards...
:P
I miss him.
He doesn't try.
good stuff.
As new La Jollan helps to know what to talk abt w when we meet...
I do believe the devil's nipples are rock hard at this point.
My sister almost punched me lol.
Trying to wake her up from her beauty sleep.
iWish R.I.P.
meant Return If Possible..
RT : Zero chance of QB Brady Quinn being moved.
He is and will be a Bronco.
Team loves what he's doing.
thank girl
Became a Lieutenant in the Law Enforcement career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation3
my real name is Rodger.
Which means, to fuck someone, in the UK.
That shits hilarious to me.
badgers!?
I meant bashers.
Ahh so happy for the newdirections !!!!
This is why I love
you in Ecuador right?
you're probly right.
Havin visions in my doctorams
Thanks Matt!
Always a rewarding experience working w/ teachers  students.
MT I love 's focus on education and youth.
cuz the way u went M.I.A.
u wulda swore da F.B.I.
had sum to do wit it lol
The people who are lifting the world onward and upward are those who encourage more than they criticize.
Elizabeth Harrison
Good thing it's only 10.
I REALLY want L.A.
to lose.
come on protools...
Practicing Taylor Issues 
Middle school
I'll do the rest tomorrow.
RT that tweet if you want me to tell you which kid you'd look good w/ from the crew!
Some old dude on the train keeps singing Ave Maria at the top of his 80yearold lungs.
Wow.
don't be trying to slap me!
That is rude and uncalled for!
How about now?
RT : Now?
RT doctorgba's getting absolutely embarrassing now.
: I'm sorry for your loss.
My wife's grandmother is struggling with illness now too.
thx!
I hope your family is doing well.
Jeter batting first
Just finish cooking for the family.
pt4: if we don't pull together and protect the absolutely radical and democratic notion of libraries.
Just looked through my followers...wow, some seriously good looking ladies out there.
Which makes sense because I'm fucking beautiful.
in the CO high country for the 4th, and the rivers are raging...
guess I'm not white enough.
my favorite song on the UnderratedEP would probably be memories of you :
We will be at the !
Make sure to stop by the booth 548 where Bottoms Up will be featured
hmm..
and can I know why you deleted it?
I would like to speak with the real Miley..
I LOVE HER SO MUCH!
perfect!
Almost Hacks Of Kindness.
hahaha well my plan for this week was looking good so I won't feel bad bout looking bad for finals next week lol
mee too!!!!
n.n i'm going to f.y.e.
the exact DAY it comes out to snag that sucker before my other fellow rushers aha
how much shit she talk about me today?!
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows
every body follow
Netflix stock went from 300 to 150 real
I'll forgive but I will never forget!
RT It sounds official.
Visiting this weekend.
Biking and beer.
JEALOUS!!!
our lead guitarist was just asking about you.
I think he's got a crush.
We dig it.
When or where can I cope your LATEST JOINTS?
BANGIN THAT '96 MENTALITY mixed wit a little PILLAGE while I create some new art!
This dude just told me I looked 16..
That's cool cuz I'm really 28..
On my momma on my hood..
I look fly..I look god!!!
Donations can also be made via DonorNet, or by mailing a check postmarked by the Thursday, March 1st deadline!
Don't forget!
I did my best to answer your question, it's one I have myself..
Her: Maury I am 1000 sure he's the father..
Him: Maury she just in love with the swag..gtfoh people
As I turn in, I pray for you folk.
God made you too talented to live your lives broke!
FaceBook is popping for me right now !
Lets get it :
they wouldnt hold it for you?
damn.
Yesterday I learned a lot about the massive effects of energy..Your vibe, your aura, others sense ur vibe at all times..trust ur intuition
Back to work....
Love my job:
A chandelier is just a big fucking light.
20ThingsAboutMe 5.
I know all the words to all the songs.
exactly it like years ahead of it time.
OMG I can't believe I got a gift card after doing this easy survey!
oh, it's much funnier not to tell!
Love does not hurt 
E i know i need to write a survival guide on how to deal with a mentally insane mother!
Tom Bradley lives in Provo, Utah and came to wellness and weight loss out of necessity but has hung around from passion
The doctoram I had with oomf 
Lol ok I hear ya.
Someone is getting OLDer!
Lol
So Simpson and Bowles are cute?
Yikes.
MT I love lawmakers who issue supercommittee statements today.
You guys are so cute.
thanks for the follow!
very interesting, w/o knowing we r trying that.
I think short subject trustworthy lines work best.
Trial 'n error right?
I am frozen.
I'm so bored
Thanks for featuring us on your site, !
You guys rock!
Why you look familiar
I'll teach you stats in 20 minutes...
Giants owner saying how their fans are the most loyal.
BS!
If they stank up 2011, they'd simply dust off  don green jerseys.
is it 'cause I look Jewish?
yes, yes it is
I can't sleep O.o
doctorg queens all over the world are so jealous of you and your realness
what beach are you heading to today ?
Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today!
I hope I get to meet you.
Iloveyou 12
Eminem  50 Cent: The Best Bromance :B Ever.
Thanks for the mention!
What's your favorite thing to do in SanDiego?
it's your time Sly, You gotta step upWe doctorft Hightower he will be a starter day one.
go kick ass Sly
Daddy's home!!
Daddy's home!!!
You know, that never gets old.
I'm serious about usual nonsense monthly let's talk.
Midterm stress has arrived at the library.
There is an air of exhaustion and frustration.
That means spring break is almost here, right?
Wait.
What?
Can we all skype and get caught up on Rosie's RELATIONSHIP, please!
hi morgan its hahaha :
Plan for next Kirby Howell meeting  Start fleshing out Autumn Bk.
3 outline.
I've got to shoot with when I'm back in LA in May...
What a cool girl!
Happy Birthday!
Did Chelsea win?
:D
Better than I know Myself and I don't want it dedicated to me I would like it dedicated to my BFF
So great catching up today!
My, how times change ; Let's get and in on our lunch date next time!
actually i'm basing that off my own experiences.
results may vary
Dinner without wine is like a kiss without love Check out Dobson's winelist at www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/Winelist
Sounds like a tough question!
At a conference but I'll be sure to try and get on.
Thanks for helping sponsor our outreach today with sandwiches!
My little cousins are the cutest!
Due to daytime curfew in ChulaVista, many SUHSD alt ed students will spend upwards of 3,258 hrs under de facto house arrest!
Phone Dying 
Hunger games was so good!!!
John Wall to Kentucky!!!!
Can anyone say preseason 1?
I can Tuesday...
It doesn't matter if a million people tell u what u can't do, or if ten million people tell u no.
If u get 1 yes from God that's all u need.
I can see a right to privacy issue, but I'm not convinced that not releasing will kill you like not breathing will
You're welcome.
Thanks for the tunes!
The more one gets to know of men, the more one values dogs.
Alphonse Toussenel
Had a great time last night meeting and to discuss !
Great guys, great project, but I gotta die
Don't forget!
We are closed on Sunday, April 8th.
it just gets a bit old and trite.
I love him, but im like guy im turning 31 soon.
I don't wanna kick it like that anymore
Paging : are you guys losing it?
You froze an acct I prepaid for a year because the cc on file expired?
With 8 mos service to go?
I went a little crazy on instagram
now another teacher comin in tha room??
Hey Peado the Green Montser touch any kids lately?
whoops
Tired of highschool and doctorma.
Gotta make my own way now.
Make good grades get out..
One year to make some
Papa johns where yall at?
I need my pizza homie.
Honestly the pleasure is all ours, Merry Christmas to you too.
Stop tweeting and doctorving.
LOL and those were big glasses.
Haha.
What do you think about Lance Lynn?
64 bars of the most disrespectful shit ever said.
We told ya, May is the month of the Madness,  it's only week 2.
Sharing my with today to livetweet ASTD's Chapter Leader Day in Denver; join us via astd2012cld 811:45am MT
Stretching before running warms up your muscles, increases blood flow and helps avoid injuries.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RIZZO!!!
Wit yo sexy self!!!
First thing I did this morning was break out the juicer.
Now I'm on to a full bottle of mineral water.
sxswdetox has begun.
Starving Marvin
Ohh I see.
You were just making people think it was?
Maybe one day everyone will appreciate Justin Bieber like we do Rick Astley.
T1 It seems like specialists have more experience and knowledge of mhealth apps.
Generally more focused applications
Thinking maybe Duffy was saving his arm on those IBB lobs
happy with the Terps win, TorreySmith performance ranks up their with Mark Mason and Lamont Jordan in terp lore; now onto the
you stayed?!?!
absofuckinglutely gonna get a pink wig and doctorss up as her on the superbass video hahah do u want to come with me?
X
that didn't make sense
Thanks!
It was tough shooting in there b/c the floor is bouncy wire, haha
i bought a snapback today and i'm the happiest boy alive
I love the new shirts!
I'll add them to my stack of I plead the FIF shirts!
Can you say pathetic?:
a breath of fresh air, after all the female bashing I notice on the daily.
Depends on how much I'm making.
Roomie owns a 12speed Oster blender  I have a Tribest personal blender.
Both handle ice well.
:
why are you so cute?
por kay?
Its hard to decide if I should listen to or watch Forrest Gump on TNTHD right now.
Forrest is much smarter and funnier.
Run SBK Run
I swear makes no sense sometimes SMH 
This news 
You learn something new about people everyday.
Thanks for the shout out!
On my way to get some breakfast.
boy yo old WHIP TIL IT doctorP JERRY CURL WEARIN ASS
Hey Gabby, just noticed we are following, can you follow back?
We will be in Edmond for Music Video release party on the 1st.
RT : Life is too short to be stressed up with those people who even don't deserve to be an issue in your life.
No!!!!!
I gotta treat you to some royale w/ cheese before you bounce in us, lol.
had a pretty fun night last night!
2012 is going to be a great year!
:
Watching Nicki Minaj is giving me a seizure
Thanks!
A great day of mixing ahead.
Wish you the same.
LeBron fait 5 kilos de plus que David West.
Yep scary.
What are the three words guaranteed to humiliate men everywhere?
'Hold my purse
Guilty As Charged!!
I just wish, as a formerly bullied youth  activist, the mainstream media would tag onto this idea, becuz 'bully' is overused.
o damn...
why i love u more than anything ???
hey sexy lady.
im sorry I couldnt get ucla to offer you.
:
I strongly dislike thunderstorms.
....yall should really phuck wit me...HOT NEW BEATS ON DECK...jus send me a email and lemme send yall sum samples
The Red Line is like the Wicked Witch of the West.
Add aittle water and things start to melt.
check out www.youtube.com put in Dawn Reese Show a day looking for sponsors if you want a good laugh also we NEED SPONSORS
If a person fears God, she has no reason to fear anything else.
Beth Moore
yup yup
CHALLENGE!
During the season of love, we want to hear what you love most about Fit2Go.
Our favorite post will win a box of Cao...
Ew, that article completely missed the point
You did leave, didn't you?
Just found out misterEd had peanut butter in his mouth.
What he didn't really talk?
tbh, i miss last year summer, ok.
the oscar ustreams, the boyz' were on the news, ugh everything.
Yes official
Cool !!!
Thanks for all the Free Gifts...
uhh...
I think?
looking forward to your post.
We're getting started with Socket Labs for large mailings of policy attestations  they use Rackspace.
Lupica outrageously makes much more out of Braun's statements than is credible  and we still don't know the full arb opinion
posted up at grandmas bedside
could call in a pick up order at Open City!
Or
he will follow u one day : neversaynever nd I miss u also :
Got memorabilia to be autographed by DDP, Booker T, Luger, DiBiase, Ravenmore?
www.promolastevents.com/mailorder
At 30th St Station headed home from a gr8 Intro class in Philly!
Lots of new pins and pumped up Certified candidates.
everything new get gassed in Milwaukee.....
It's a combo of real good songs with real bad songs
Thank you!
I KNOW how deeply PROUD my Papa would be of you  the Pastors The depth of teaching  fantastic
Big Donkey doesn't come through again
hehe you know it.
They are really nice actually.
My coffee is making me sweaty.
mines to lol 
Yes, it sure is!
And Phase I opens next summer!
Then Phase II begins.
I know.
May have to pick someone up.
Plan your work for today and every day, then work your plan.
Norman Vincent Peale
Morning well spent with Oma, Opa, Mimi, and my grandma.
I won't be able to eat for the rest of the day.
So full.
RT : huge win in edmonton.
looking forward to a rockin rose garden crowd sunday night!!
Ladies, dont ever let a guy make you sad.
If they don't appreciate you then find a new one.
You are to good for that.
More is less.
Mies Van Der Rohe.
Less is more.
Le Corbusier.
More or Less  Danko.
This was the greatest legal gambit since Mike Brady doctorpped his briefcase on the courtroom floor
Ooh, that crisp cool poststorm breeze coming through the windows is divine.
Well so much for a smooth trip back.
This plane has an issue as well and we are returning to our gate.
Sometimes you cannot believe what you see.
You have to believe what you feel.
Morrie Schwartz via
So True..
And is happening right now!
I know.
I have a breakfast at 7:30.
Good night!
Please!!
is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try ..
i love you so much justin!51
now brewing: california batch 1, an english pale ale.
I love eavesdoctorpping on the office ladies trying to describe SuperBowl plays, but not knowing any of the terms.
It's called a
Fucking yankees mann
PLEASE HELP US get followers and tell your followers to follow us and RT
TRAFFIC ALERT: All lanes blocked on I94 WB at MM 254 before HWY 73 due to a traffic incident, use alternate routes.
if he spun as well as he talked we'd be following him on Twitter now wouldn't we?
Modesty has its place my friend...
RT if I am NOT following you so I can follow you, must be following my friend  :
stay positive, you'll be fine :
App of the week for journalists: AnalyticsPro
See if I was Blaine, the gloves would've came off and his brother would be out the door3
LUSH BATH.
Serious obsession.
If you follow me, I will make you your favorite tea.
Promise.
To change the status quo: proactively seek broad range of experiences.
doctor Jarik Conrad
Komen CEO made 456,437 last year, more than 1/2 the amount of cash they won't give Planned Parenthood this year due to rightwing stoogery.
cans of Oldstyle?
Oh wait gentrification...
Aww thank you :
Going to start tweeting again in anticipation of iOS 5 integrating twitter!
Look, we could argue about this for hours.
If you like elevator music, then like Jessica..
That's your choice.
I know right!
I miss those day : lol
Today I'll be at reserve  u?
No Will Shields???
Out of retirement for a split second....MAVS!
Lebron is a bum!
:  good boy  Nobody ever accused me of that!
ha ha ha ...
oh wait.
I admitted that last night.
Tonight might be different
why are u playing Kan Jam in the rain?????
And congrats at the same time.
See you all at the show tonight at capones!
New shirts in!
Also if birds could fly will be playing as well so come out!
This summer isn't gonna be shit compared to last summer..
NYCSportsReport: Crushing It: The New Jersey Devils  Even Strength Possession in the 2012 Playoffs
Blah fish for dinner, not my fav.
iwant enchiladas ;D
We say all of em and we can't wait to see everyone glowing at on Sept 23rd!
I caught the end of Boyz in the Hood earlier tonight on Lifetime, no idea they ran that genre 
May is Healthy Vision Month.
it went well!
It was really hard but I stayed positive and told myself I could finish.
And eventually you get there!
Tuesday is off to a much better start!
I kind of wish the weather was hot again.
And rainy too.
fans are delusional.
Watching every single jersey shore episode from the beginning :
Beginning a new artistic performance venture, stay tuned!
I called him bck he said you get the 120 yet.
yep I gotta go up there.
sink load and fire til the empire's reaped what they've sewn
Job Opening: Paralegal to provide support for Clients Employment, Benefits, and Labor Law Department.
24 years experience required!
lovely day in NOLA!
Taking back the night w/parade in Algiers PT tonight 67PM ferry landing to international school.
There's nothing wrong with being radiofriendly, especially with pop.
meh, if it fixes the stuff you broke in the previous release..
I'm for it ;
okay  I hate you too
List also included  RT : Congrats to peeps who helped City be a Social Media Star
well, talk to someone so you don't 
Successful parenting is convincing each of your childoctorn that he or she is your favorite.
and if you wanted to talk to him, you'd do the same?
Or the rules don't apply...?
Horrible time management meant no working out today It's ok I'll to better tomorrow
Lmao!
man I miss you!!!
that's a low blow
hope you're having a great weekend as well
Curtsy!
Bow!
Whatever.
Maybe one day I can sous for you.
RT : funny  wish I'd thought of that.
TY so much for your support!!!
I want a Dave Lumia autographed bobble head.
I never know what to tweet.
This.
Is.
So.
Confusing.
I read that as you got a facial from Robin Thicke.
I propose a new a holiday for the masses, National Subservience Day!
It will bootlickin' fun!
just passed something filming in Belmont...
hm
Izturis crushed that ball.
Crazy uncle just called an empty champagne bottle a dead Indian
Coupon code: HEARTS for 30 off!
www.cafepress.com/cajoneswear
Thelonious Monk Fish
Tx for the follow.
Hope all is well with you!
I'm in CA this week facilitating a workshop.
Fun!
Its here.
I found it in our beer cooler.
2 hours of Celine Dion, 1 hour of Bette Midler and Valentines Day.
Great movie session
Thanks for the support!
lol haha that's fine.
They are obscure often.
What kind of writing help do you need: Business, Creative, or Technical?
We love him too!
RT i love professorssor clement price.
he's one of my role models!
omg I hate getting up at 5 in the morning ewww
Yes!
certificate import problem.
And a documentation update recommendation from the user.
Because i dont eat bacon..my family now makes Turkey Bacon..I love it : lol
actually no lol I just saw one today his name is Teddy hehe
Study time with 
you are more/than forgotten
Don't compromise yourself.
You are all you've got.Janis Joplin
I could really go for some honey Dijon kettle chips right about now !
fatgirl3 lol
actually about to order at G2 and do a video review on it..
Jeff, thanks for the follow!
Hoping to get this Bomb going by the weekend!!
That's icky.
FYI I moved past sandwiches to toast for this city.
If you'd like to start an IrentinDC support group I'm in.
As the moon retaineth her nature, though darkness spread itself before her face as a curtain, so the Soul remaineth perfect even
nice 2 meet u last night w/Rachel.
Good luck with Churchsky's!
Very cool concept.
Safe travels!
Lovin your message: Thanks for your support!
Happy Friday and MuchSuccess to you!
Have we convinced you yet?
Of course we have!
Buy your party tickets today at lostweekend.eventbrite.com and enter discount code getlost.
Thanks for the RT
I'm probably several weeks behind the rest of the geek contingent on the 'net, but nice surprise seeing on
Oh and sorry that I said Sunday that I would call you I swear I completely 4got Bcause I not take after noon naps so yeah
I need to talk to Reese tomorrow  ask if I can fill the position of secretary for our class.
Stephen  I would plan a great prom.
Crazy Friday night.
Played barbies with a five year old
Good Morning, All...
Forever alone or Forever in love 21 
that was a movie.
although with enough sequals to form an entire season of a TV show.
Mean people suck!
GET NICE!
Damn, guys, I may have tripled my tweet count today.
What's gotten into me?
Besides Greek yogurt?
Do NOT answer that.
Interesting, but I'm not sure if you mean the book's quotes are meant to be aimed at me or others :
ideas home business
u listen to any of my songs on the page?
wat u think?
Watching da all star game how are all of yall doing
I just read a story about a blind guy who's training to run in his eleventh marathon in case you were wondering how lazy you are
Yoo Erin Martin is a clown.
Shields Brothers FTW
Shame on ESPN, NFL Network,  CNN, still no word from them.
check out illustrations.
You'll love his work.
I have a couple of new prize ideas for our kickstarter project.
Hopefully I'll have them up by Monday!
GONNA KEEP CALLING ALL NIGHT!;
Ready for another week!
Expecting some BIG blessings while I'm thanking God in advance.
cool RT : great.
I'll pass ur  to her!
packing my lunch and snacks right now.
I may be buying a mustang right now...
Glad I had a chance to kinda relax today.
If you never make anyone do something then you will be rewarded that's the freeworld :p
trade ya Waukesha for Kentucky: 14 degrees here.
what do people in an art museum in the first place and then capitalize on that activity 

RT : shoutout to FxckYouPayMe she dead forgot bout me
Shaliene Woodley in Valentino SS '12, Melissa McCarthy in Marina Rinaldi and great ladies!!
hey u...
How u been
2012 and STILL no sign of hoverboards...
If Withey got a piece, clock should've started then and the last shot could never have happened...
Every time I start to prep my class for this summer I think of all the amazing LIS pros who have influenced and educated me.
Thanks to you.
A unique identifier for the Empire State Bldg.
That's a cool concept.
Today, in 1964, the first Ford Mustang was completed on the assembly line...and look how far car technology has come!
Always wanted to see a game in KC also
Did not!
My phone tweeked out and frozen when hung up
thank u
How You Saying Money Over Bitches But Don't Get None ?
Lmao
NowPlaying DJ John Rizzo  TV Rock Diamonds in the Sky
nike for sure!
I just got a surprise SECOND trailer for We Are The Federation!!!
Wanna see??
but I have doctorams about her all the time....
usually she and I are up to our old tricks or she is bossing me around..
R.I.P Adam Yauch aka MCA of the Beastie Boys.
Icon in music.
resume tip Your resume is one of many steps to getting your idea job.
Sweet!!
RT : Catching up on New Girl finale.
Did you know Schmidt played young Sandy Cohen in an OC flashback?
If the doctorve is too far, traffic is too bad, your gf is annoying, your job sucks and that keeps u from doing it  go do something else...
agreed.
since has no hope of keeping up with twitter, better to be 100 right than fast
are you on the juice?
Listening to Michael Pollan speak on campus.
Love it when we get good speakers.
Thoughts on A.Craig's upside?
Is this/his 200 ABs last yr the real deal?!?
Nice idea!
Think I'll do the same.
RT : Tomorrow I'll take a walk down the Scholars Walk.
So inspiring.
What a place.
What I just saw 
you graduated kid get over it
Low key Rihanna's new jam liven that beat tho.
google Let it snow using chrome or firefox for a nice surprise!
the pleasure is mine, thanks!
the NC project looks wonderful, big time.
who is this
Exactly.
I am who I am.
Not gonna change that at this point.
shrugs RT : Who?
What?
Where?
Love a pranky every now and then!.
A great pursuit!
Wonderful orientation!
Amazing what you find even hidden, tarnished, misshapen or abandoned.
Redeemable!
I hear u.
I like new, but I don't need another lame social media blah blah blah.
you may have to delete and get it again and then login?
what did you have prior?
strange that it is happening 3 days in 1 location?
I remember watching Dick Clark every New Year's Eve for the last 18 years.
RIP Dick Clark, you will be greatly missed and never forgotten.
you are too kind!!!...been lovin the genius and brilliance of your work over the radiowaves:
Kik with !
My username is CollinsCold.
:D
How often do premiums increase on this plan?
1 of 15 questions you ask when buying health ins.
Get your book today www.theprofessorttrap.com
In CHICAGO3
Annotators workbench  open source tool for segmenting and annotating video.
RT : Trudie Styler is speaking for the rainforest and its inhabitants, calling for consciousness 
I thought you were working on it.
:
Pacers baby.
Can we go to wingstop later?
Fuck you/ thank you for this hangover Hope tomorrow morning is a lot worse.
There's still time to walk on over for our hibachi lunch.
I'm around!
But headed to the gym!
how do you tell if you got the meet  greet
hey Justin
Root for the Rangers!
I am going Dubuque, grew up there plus I think Vinny is the best in the league
My 9minute speech on Crowdsourcing Governance.
Thanks to
I surely did!!!
Thank you so much for saving my life!!!!
I owe you big time!
Chicago is terrified of anarchists.
Glad we're on the same level!
I see we're both PRSSA Treasurers...
very cool!
What kind of PR are you into?
RT : What is your vision for your business?
cct11What is your vision for your business?
When you getting home?
Did you know that from is bilingual?!?
What other language do you think he speaks?
It takes skill to be real, its time that we heal each other!
Changes ...
Hahaha!
Levintearing Hannity up about his 'Tweeting'.
Sean is now a joke!!

There are a lot of consultants and recruiters, but there's millions of candidates and awesome entrepreneurtypes on there too.
I think Gotlieb is on crack tonight, i really do
Haha way to think ahead!
not!
Oh.
What's carrot top chimichurri like?
Been trying to figure out what to do with them.
Mothers share inspiring stories in 39;my Pregnancy39;
Can't wait to review some of the CT2011 recordings.
Terrific conference.
Digital Harbor 3 Poly 0 after one inning at Camden Yards Championship
Okay!
youfirst ; RT : bring on NoPantsThursday, with out without power!
:
denied Delofted media credentials to US Open, b/c we don't cover enough golf news.
How old fashioned!
Get with the next gen!
the other bro.
c:
I hate rainy mornings
Which Republican candidate do you think has the best chance against Obama?
Don't sell urself short.
U r Amazing!!
The photographer's job is easy taking ur pics!
Stunning!!
Had a FANtastic time at The Enzian tonight!
Congrats to all at YRR, Rick  the Fans!
We Rock!
My friend came lol
yikes ..lol not sure i wanna know now ..
I wonder how much time I spend doing other people's jobs for them.
Ugh, I wanted to do something today...
Did you know a Dusty Computer can start a fire??
Ready for Wednesday night?
I confide in my parents.
Please be kind,  rewind :P
St.
Patrick's Day Sales extended: 40 All Top Shelf: Durban Poison, Island Sweet Skunk and more.
Come check it out!
Join hundoctords of smart, successful, influential women from around South Florida and around the country at the Womens Success Summit!...
trying out to be an Ice crew girl!!!
The problem with helping  Haiti is corruption.
100s of Millions  of aide is unaccounted for when the world rushed in to aide tsnami vics.
1 for firebug.
You could also look into web developer toolbar, and ySlow for optimization testing.
why does U.S.
House Transportation highway bill addoctorss safety of 'older doctorvers' but not 'teen doctorvers'?
After a 3 hr walk with Brianna time to relax and doctornk beer with Les!
awe : do somethingg.
knows how important cities are for our economy and society.
helps cities connect globally, thrive locally
MelissaMcCarthy is so awesome looking tonight.
Today is Madeline L'Engle's Birthday.
She would have been 93 today.
She is a member of the NYS Writers Hall of Fame.
the spurs are the most boring team to watch...
UArts alum Ed Letven '54 Advertising Design's paintings featured in ArtUnleashed.
Newspaper professorle on Ed today:...
Got a free computer.
Getting ready for a great morning at the Andover Library!
I love getting to hang out with people and give kids a chance to have a blast!
College Football Predictions Afternoon Game:Texas AM; Okla 500 Money Line and Okla 17.5
wow.
Thats...
Crazy.
Each thought you have will either be an investment or a cost to you ..
It will either move you towards happiness or away from it
I enjoy the fast lane with sudden slow downs to watch female joggers!
Unless decides to marry me.
Then I'll reconsider.
Wow.
SoulTrain awards gave the gospel award during preshow.
Is that a sign that their keeping the church out of the devils den.
Lol
Full House Is On.
Bout 2 Go 2 Sleep Soon
Undercover with Oregon state investigators to catch contractors working outside the law.
unit8investigation 11pm
I don't understand what that has to do with me, is this a spam thing?
Business with Ivor  Live from St Albans  Apr 30,2012 Crafting your Facebook professorle How to use Facebook  strategy How to integrat
getting my hair done
RT : So 3 armed robberies last night in Cleveland Park/Tenleytown area?
That's not good.
// y'all be safe
on BET.
To Charleston or not to Charleston?
concretestepsmusic.com for tunes and info.
It's an awesome feeling opening my email and seeing a schedule of street repaving/repairs of D5 roads!
we thought it was pretty cool, too!
Thank you for the share!
Looks like a Metro stop!
Throw Westyn in that photo  it would have been far too adorable for my eyes.
I hear the screaming and crying of childoctorn.
doctors orders!
Enjoy the nice weather!
Hey west town  your dealer's deliver!
Just saw the whole thing on Chi  Elizabeth.
Take it easy on Tony's heat  cool  he's high as hell.
Fin de l'episode.
Have a great weekend everyone!
I might feel different if I new the exact reason, but who could you find better than D.
Fischer to represent the players Union??
Once again: created a handy list of thatcampphilly tweeps: /thatcampphilly
Happiest man in the world right now?
?
I think so.
Yehaa found my favorite peanut butter!!
M ...cut up a fat crispy Apple and smear it with sloppy PEANUT BUTTER snack time!!
Yo bro i think one nerf gun is enough to kill the fake zombies
what up Kiish!
Happy woman day to all the lovely ladies out there
It's game day Marquette!!!
oh darn it, it didn't got to our GS troop yard sale, hm
Remind: tmister is last Feb Wed, one more chance to have 5 of all sales go to We'll announce our March PROPS ptr Wed, 3/7.
Yea its good.
Ive put one together.
And i got hella moe beatz too  Cocoa Tyson
when Felton is good he can be really good like last night.
But you got to be good more than 1 in every 6 games.
Should go
You spoke incorrectly tonight.
You said Ron Paul is flocking to Rick Santorum's positions.
There are 0 examples of this.
I did one!!!!
haha mines the far right!
3
We need more places to party in MI.
LET'S START A PROTEST.
LMAO
If i could only meet since hes in Houston i just wanna hear him say brick squaaaadddd !
Houston lmao i would say it with him
Limit two with the purchase of your entree.
Make sure you mention that you seen this on fb or twitter, to cash in on a steal of a deal.
I love you too loser but I hope you know that your love for me won't make me let you keep your life :
its cute though isn't it ...
the girls pretending to be athletes and espn pretending anyone anywhere cares...
they were like do we really have to see with a face like :D and were in :
Good ones.
going camping!
The most important thing about having goals is having one.
Geoffrey F.
Abert
Excited to hear Bob Negen of WhizBang!
Speak today at the Washington Retail Roundtable!
there was an old Bill, an evil Bill...and I killed him.
Just got tickets for the and game tomorrow!
Sitting right where the Heat come out
eh um idk it depends on the time
CONGRATS BABY
family cuddles!
thank you very much!
I'm very proud of the progress it is making!
Happy Mothers Day to all the lovely mothers out there!
I hope your day is filled with laughter.
Seth Myers: If I come home from Las Vegas  tell my girlfriend No apologies, I'm pretty sure there's gonna be a followup conversation.
We will be taping our music video next weekend AND it will be Bryan Cole, our bassist's birthday!!!!
:D WHO IS STOKED?!
3
hey , any chance I could get a short interview with you about GLJ?
let me know!
43 minutes later, only answer from verizon: it will be corrected on your next bill.
It better be, or we're doctorpping all services.
Follow me I follow you how does that sound to you ?
Had an amazing time at the VNVNation Concert wish had been there 
HAHAHAHAHAHHA wait...
HAHAHAHAHA RT : You peaked in high school.
RT : you aren't funny anymore :
Mantra: I will keep writing in script format until I get better at it.
Can't wait, can't wait can't wait.
Whoulda thunk I'd be so excited to stay in Ohio for a week?!
Sign up for our mailing list today!
Visit www.HoustonFlashmob.com and look for the form on the right :
This tweet goes out to because she always complains that I don't tweet enough.
Here you go KK.
Happy Now?
thanks man; glad you like them!
A boyfriend who tell hoes I gotta girlfriend is a real nigga.
Doesnt it bother you that NBC keeps asking folks to go online during the show?
Wouldnt you prefer they watch it?
Need help with your vocabulary?
Check out these 10 sites for help!
bit.ly/9IrZTW
If your world revolves around a celebrity or specific person.....you really need to get a life of your own.
I'm now a secret billionaire
I love
dumb ass cold killing me
I need a friend
Just finished posting flyers on the store's window and the gym's windows.
Haha.
Anything for BLAC!
3 :
met with in Washington DC today.
Thank you for supporting and our service in schools!
our website puts one to sleep.
fixing it thrills the soul.
omg same here!
cant wait to start sleeping in til like noon
small a la carte plates distributed via conveyor and simple pricing structure
nigga i said come meet my gf dis weekend
today's word of the day is: Pragma
I hope my wonderful wife and kids are having fun cleaning the basement
once again im pushed into the pool
you are the BEST!
I remember you helped guide me home on side streets in Nov.
2010
Why does everything in the mini bar have a maxi price?
did you know Brake Specialists Plus has tires?
come to one of our Austin locations and we can get you fixed up!
Work on halloween, boo.
Everytime I close my eyes, I see what happened yesyerday over and over and over again.
Be glad: delayed answers are gaining interest.
Be  tinyt back at it like we Neva left , kmsl tell who Eva to take sum from me
A: Ben Isaacson build privacy controls into your product and respect your user
I don't have a bank account because I don't know my mother's maiden name.
We are not nor have been adequately employed 2 our ed level.....
Yay!
RT : Day one of Going Local: Byebye, starbucks.
Hello !
Thanks for the light roast this morning
Really sad about Whitney Houston being dead i really honored her and no matter wat i we will always love her 3
Hearing loads of sirens at Hollywood and LaBrea.
Any idea what's going on?
Webcasting from the club.
I love technology.
Just another night at the office.
kinda the same.
I only keep cards for bullet points.
Hate being read to.
I have been hearing a crazy amount of sirens in Arlington tonight....
Headed to big sur!
Dont hold back your love
every single day..
now out of no where he just stopped talking to me.
He doesn't even look at me or anything...
I don't even
Ha...
you've got to be talking about my sister Jenny!
She had such an easygoing sweet little wedding.
Great morning twitter world
every single person.
The first 50 people out at Anejo's tonight get free chips  salsa to go with bottomless ice water!
The Rangers couldn't even beat that deal!
For some reason.
I just feel really good about the next three month!
People have already made jokes about Schwarzenegger's mister Freeze fighting the LA arsonists, right?
You can have that idea, Hollywood.
Some of Pheasant Branch is paved, I haven't been to Picnic Point yet this year, but I know they did some updates.
just finished Girl who kicked the hornet's nest.
What's next??
Best 2 bumper stickers on the Datsun pickup I just saw: 1 My other car is your mom, 2 Nice Lexus, Dickhead.
Even in the dark baby ima shine bright..
Me too!
Just started watching a month ago and on the third season.
please follow me
Ok, this talk is nearly done.
Now, how to fit in some Ryan Gosling Works in Publishing meme images...
The heismans have been removed from the cases.
Reggie's should also be here...
I swear to God if my mom asks me how to send a message on fb ONE more time I'm kicking her out of the house
Thank God that He has been rebuiliding my self esteem  image from the ground up  i have a new sense of confidence!
We win
I need Hulu!
AND an Ipad.
And New Girl.
And to redo my pony tail.
thanks man!
Stay safe!
Did anyone else hear the creak of the closet door opening?
I told her we both came in 7th period together hahaha
Who wants to follow the worlds next big comedian?
The come on do it now!!!!!!
My feeling is that you were holding back because you didn't want to give away the store at 25/moth.
Is that true?
Best, Zeb
It was ARod until he won a ring.
Trying to fill some last slots in February: February 3, 15, 21, 24.
If you want to contribute to this great project, let us know!
good look on the follow...
Lorain in tha house
but at the same time..
if that's influential I WANT IT!
hahahaha!!!!
Agreed on both counts!
I'm doing it for SURE next year.
His shop is in Pennsylvania.
roadtrip !
you were only there for like 12hours lol
Mad skillz.
RT : Falk: Endorsed by both Sierra club and one of the largest homebuilder's club.
YOU'RE SO FUNNY EDGAR.
I'm pretty sure the only fan that may be a bigger fan than me is either or
Yikes!
You're up early today!
Lost all respect for you.
Again, we'd like to thank the veterans here at home and overseas who dedicate themselves to protecting our country and our freedom
ikr r we friends now
Any reviews on the nikon d7000?
I'm thinking of purchasing one soon.
Or any suggestions on another digital slr?
can you give me advice about snowboarding???Im going snowboarding for the 1st time next weekend  I'm nervous!
PLEASE REPLY!!!
why?
I'm about 2 go from bb to iphone.
Problem?
how selfish to accept an inferior education just because our generation already got theirs!
Loved it.
THANKS.
That guy was such a jerk for calling her out.
Chick has balls.
Much respect.
I love her.
I watched them beat bucknell.
I've also seen WWE at stabler
I heffa be wary of you, comisterde..
follow back ;
Sorry to hear that.
Hope that's not the case.
:
Overheard: can I get a virgin margarita?
Bartender: lemonade okay?
she said she knew the difference between lovers and friends
I know someone who rocked craigslist today, can anyone guess who???
I love watching your videos.
I also love seeing how bomb ass your apartment looks.
I love the shoe cubbies.
Great seeing old friends and new faces at finxsm NY Tweetup last night  cheers to for hosting another good FS Tweetup
ha!
Things are not good in the tiger camp
Is that blue steel?
You got to be careful with that look!
Im ready for today to be over so i can be my birthday :
: For Monday's Global Mgmt class we're going to the MFA to view art.
SweetClass Very cool, enjoy!
no but that's ok.
I'll just have him sign it when I see him again.
Come hang with us official after party Hotel today and tomorrow.
Check out the lineup www.champslv.com!
Syrian activists fight Assad regime with spray paint and stencils  FRANCE 24
I don't know how these Asian ladies do pedicures .
Watchin her sand this nasty ass chick's feet down while pieces are hittin her face YUK!
thanks so much!
Have you come in yet?
Let us know if you do!
Headed to soon.
Who's with me?
Gonna be a beautiful afternoon.
lol so what not allowed too
I get a lot of spam letting me know that people have been talking bad about me :
Thanks, Danny
okay i see a lot of you motherfuckers not following me..
cool i will just unfollow your ass!
So excited about the email I just got!
Taking steps toward making this real
Ain't in no hurry today
Tip 105: Who is their favorite target?
Reraise them when they are picking on their favorite target.
Sharing food with another human being is an intimate act that should not be indulged in lightly,
blames being cold on his head's tiresome habit of losing up to 30 of his body heat.
good job, there, head!
yes, I am kidding.
I know who she is.
just move to portland!
Man I hope the Celtics smash the
Hahaha still don't know what T Camp is
awww thats cute and different...
and i live in atlanta...
just a state away...
lolz
They are ghetto lol
CHECK OUT OUR FRIENDS!
!
We LOVE them!
I caught staring at my ass yesterday, it was kinky.
RT : Bringing back stories.
Hard work pays off
Tell me the truth no lies are necessary
WE GOT THE STREETS SUCKAS'!!!!
CAN U' DIG IT????CYRUSTHE WARRIORS
Hang on Japan.
Tomoko, I hope you and yours are ok.
Lol oh now I remember ,I feel dumb
: PROcess becomes the default way of speaking.
strikes again.
:.
incommonsaoh next its the Toke HAARvest
Slimy smiles slink silently by with the slight smell of seemingly soulful solitude.
was good big bruh
Can't beat free!
RT I'm playing at Cityblast tonight in Puyallup, Wa 8pm Puyallup Fairgrounds come on out if you can it's free!
They weren't high at all...and it was totally throwing me over.
Don'tGetIt
150,000 have NBA dads RT : Since talks began this morning over 207,000 babies have been born worldwide.
nice default photo.
LOL!
RT : Kid came to the door in plain clothes except page taped to chest: 404  Costume not found.
I'm DONE!
So incredibly jealous  why is he so much fun to listen to?
swedish?
One of my favorite people in this world  is my dental hygienist.
I don't trust anyone else w/ my teeth.
She even takes my calls on a Sun :
what do you think about Intel's move towards becoming more software focused?
Ohh great...there's a kitten boom...a surplus of sweet, soft, fuzzy, baby kittens in Seattle.
Breakin' is probably the funniest and best dance movie ever made!!
Love it!
what else do u need lol
If I were Manning I'd pick Tenn or SF.
At this point...they're simply closer to winning a title than the Broncos are.
we used to be bestfriends, I miss you :
holiday heart is on!!!
: On this day in 1862: Slavery is abolished in Washington, D.C.
p2history civilrights
The debate happened in front of a room full of Arizona Republicans, aka, the Worst People Anywhere.
Spooky.
Just came on to compose hidden message, now this to throw me.
Will have to rethink everything.
Made a huge mistake last night.
Thanks a lot alcohol.
Thanks for the love, Miss Adoctorenne!
Go Big Red!
MT Reading stories is critical for craft.
But so is living stories.
The whole world is one big crazyass tale.
Go.
Live it.
Have Problems Walking In High Heels?
This video will help you!
Are you guys going to be showing the game today or just NFL?
Can't get out of the car at school bc Ava wants to hear Fergie.
Ha!
WOW!
Let's all give together today!
RT : We raised 3.6M during last year's GiveBIG, and at 12:31pm today we surpassed that!
Stay tuned for the Brohyde mix tape album...
What y'all bitches up to?
Aw, thanks for mentioning us.
We'll surely miss you too.....
Loryn received a special award today the her school made especially for her because of her
I just realized my mom is gonna be in a week!!!!!
Awe ya mobwives ;
Listen for HOT, NEW music from Blake Shelton in the New Music Spotlight at 8!!
Anyone work for San Mateo County library?
Your doctorpal site is down.
Now 4 all u NONUnion,or otherwise Union hating pple out there..think about this.If it wasn't 4 American Unions there'd b no paid Holidays
Chicago today for Cinco de Mayo
yay for a new professorle background!
Tune in right now!
dj Spiral presents doctorFT: 60 Min of Chill.
Tune in at www.electrolouis.com!!
aw thank u
I wasn't gonna doctornk 4 a month after CIAAs until I realized I am 1/4 Irish  this wknd is the 1 wknd a year I get a pass!
Tragedy Called Truth at Caffe Cottage tonight!
Dinner time a Social House in Las Vegas City Center.
SmileAustin CheerUpAustin If you don't tweet a smiley face i'll personally get on a plane to SanAntonio and kick your ass!:
Made my first GIF today.
I feel great about it.
to na settings?
Photo of at Harvard Law School shows true value of big hair.
Amazing.
interesting grape for sure!
Happy I tasted some.
HALLOWEEN WKND  Love First Bite on Friday and HalloweenBall on Saturday where U could win a Trip 2our Casino in
RT : VISUALIZE my CHORIZO in your mouth right now!
you can open the IP over your IGW, so yes!
what is it?
I just had a dinner party.
I felt so grown up until I realized I didn't have enough plates or utensils.
im with you 100!
RT : txla12 Great session on managing online social reputation.
Good tips and sites!
i wish you the best, good luck boo.
weezy f, for fuck you.
Watched an old movie last night with my gals TheMatchmaker.
Great line A man can survive without his wallet, but not without his friends.
We know everyone loves ACE/ACE to start a hand in Poker, but what is your favorite starting poker hand to play?
kinda irritated but whatever
though not available on dvd the entire series is on netflix
I got candies, orange pop and some poptarts.
Good luck soccer team on your first game tonight!!
Mastery of the unconscious mind is true self mastery.
or UB40 Rock.
or Stabbing West Wing.
or Diff'rent The Strokes.
I see where you're going...
love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 follow please?
15
FOLLOW FOR FOLLOW ANYBODY?
so are the Cheyenne!
: Blackfooted ferrets are really charismatic and really cute.
aam2012
I think I wanna battle in July...
IM WATCHING WHILE YOU WHERE SLEEPING AGAIN LOVE THIS MOVIE
Today's conversation with consists of texting song names back and forth and not actually being productive.
Who has two thumbs and is officially on the 201213 cheer squad?!
THIS GIRL!
: Crowd is booing as they show Mayweather's arrival on the big screens.
RingKings boxingpeople watch to see him lose.
How did it go?
I sought to persuade them to join the cause that was just, the one that sought to uphold the laws of our great country.
Gotcha.
I should be down there around 6.
Hmu when you get down there
Dude.
I need a job, not a date.
Ugh mixer fail.
What do YOU picture equality to look like?
It's only a matter of time before they're all burned.
MARY CALL THE AMERICAN EMBASSY!!
How about some Power Yoga tomorrow 7:00 Life Yoga on Magazine?
Hey we just broke 1,000 followers!
Much luv 2 every1!
We're glad 2 see u understand how funny it is we're called Hipster Vegas!
U get it.
Played on Time WasTime Is w/ him, his last jazz CD, GRAMMY nom.
Old school  soulful RT : Happy Bday Ray Barretto born 4/29.
Going to Amsterdam in 3 wks.
Where should I go first?
Jeff hardy isn't in wwe right now.............
areyouseriousbro!
swag bitch...
that's the way it works.
Haha
I would but I just got back from county so I'm super tired :/
I've been one of those persons who never goes anywhere without a thermometer, a hot water bottle, a raincoat, and a parachute
Do you have a link to the event and your website?
How does one go about learning more on SEO practices?
Figured it out!
The app seems to prefer if you choose the Advanced Instagram Camera in the settings.
Let your users know!
Thanks to for helping us out as goalkeeper.
Best of luck to him and his family on the new additions to the family.
cc:
Minimal at least 2x a year.
Can do every month.
You should try one!
RT : how often should you do a cleanse
IN THE STUDIO TODAY.
walking to the pencil sharpener like who cares
A chapstick detector wld be cool but i'd probably lose that too.
Thanks very much!
;
OD's: Look for creative and effective ways to spend less time gathering data and more time making recommendations to increase  per patient.
Unfunny!
RT: A Pekingese is the result of the mating of a tufted titmouse and a maggot.
LMFAO IDK WHETHER TO doctorW THE WINKY EYE OR THE WORLDS BIGGEST FOREHEAD ABOVE IT LOLOLOLOL
I've never thought about the investment
loll that Metta interview.
HISD trustee Juliet Stipheche reads names of GLBT kids across USA who have committed suicide after bullying.
Looking forward to seeing you tonight at 7:30 for our community meeting!
Maryland is one of the wealthiest states in the union.
Boy, why are our school buildings in Baltimore so run down?
Any grandmas out there that Got a Big Ole BOOTY
LOVE this!
Ron Paul's foreign policy positions are outright naive and dangerous.
Shut up, meg.
who's going to zumba forsure?
I'm going no matter what.
Great movie
RT : TONIGHT 10pm UIC historian Chris Boyer details researching Latin American history on 's
RT: :  REMINDER GS is collecting unwrapped toys for the Massachusetts Department of Social Services now through 12.13
Thanks for the follow.......
Please ColoradoSprings Volunteer 2Help kids build playground Wildflower Elem.School 57pm TONIGHT Meet Staff
Try to reduce your foorprint daily.
Chris paul is officially in l.a.
but it aint the lakers...
thank you for the calendar and kind note!
Best wishes for a Happy New Year!
Just got a container in full of TORC goodies :
a mess.
Bye Plaguelin
Horizon?
I hardly know such a thing exists.
Picking out shoes should not be the hardest part of the day.
But it is
Brandon Inge doing work walk off home run style.
Way to go Tigers!
We're delighted to announce that we were voted 1 in our market for 's Best of Weddings 2012!
Thank you SanAntonio!
You're amazing.
Just the way you are 
ThingsIReallyCantStand When someone automatically assumes you're a hater because you don't like something.
: love my daddy 3 RT : When dad says he supports me in his cute English gt;gt;gt; :
I think I know bball pretty well.
Kenny just said the Nuggets will be a 4 or 5 seed next year...
80 on Thursday equals a sweaty run and prime tanning!
Finals week always seems to take its toll on my poor highlighters.
:/
Watching the videomusicawards !
you want to shift the gun thefts from cars to backpacks in the student rec center and library?
Great.
Puttin in work at LA
Harvard Study: Want to live longer?
Trade red meat for fish, nuts, whole grains, and other healthier protein sources, charity,
Smooching ass hoes, get your own shit  stay out of mine , thanks :
Griffin and DeAndoctor are the only players that the Clippers doctorfted on the roster.
That's unbelievable.
You better believe they want this.
NOEL HUGE BLOCK
If I had a dollar for every person I cared about...
I would be a poor man.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
Unknown
P.S.
They are ridiculous.
i absolutely LOVE it when people you've never met hate you
That is my new rapper name.
You'll have to meet my dadinlaw.
Big fan.
Rattled walls at Goolsby's one time with screams of Tennessee!!
RT : That's a winner!
'Topes hold on for a 76 win over OKC.
ABQ has now won four in a row and six straight at The Lab!
Thanks, Jeremy.
I talked to Justin.
They closed the roof.
Your house probably had a pretty good shower.
Any hail?
Bank roll, bank roll!
They playing all of videos on Vh1soul
Tim Cahill just seems out of his depth.
Lots of positions and no policies.
Tim Cuthill more like...
The politics of pure cynicism!
What's good Julie??
Right back at you!
SO SO SO GOOD.
both episodes.
awesome x
i dunno!
you said send a picture to you that i want fer my background .
just look sumthing up and show me on fb
does the 34 even exist?
WTF is going on?
I try very hard to ignore those people.
Life is too short!
Its hard but I try.
Hope you can too  remember many love your work
Good character is more to be praised than outstanding talent.
Most talents are, to some extent, a gift.
Ayye message me....:
re: Facebook, yeah, most apps now require the ability to all post interactions to your wall.
It's all or nothing.
check out my new website www.flawlessmoneygang.com free ringtones and we have beats for sell1
he is a very under rated player!
i actually like a couple songs from bmth.
but eh
Tshirt weather!
Why are people so selfish?
Want others to feel their pain or want others to have less than them...
that says more then you saying anything lol
Some things are easy to say, hard to do and even harder to realize.
The shitty moment when your blanket gets all turned around, and you can't seem to get it back the right way!
Dined at Bailey's Park Lane in Dallas last night...fabulous!
Would love to chat with you tonight at UXHappyHour about your experience mentoring at
Wow, looks like Greg Gumble ate Greg Gumble.
I'm so sorry I doctorgged you into this hun but dont worry you'll be out of it soon, i prmoise idc what i have to do ily ok?
Learning great campaign best practice strategies at the United Way of NC's award ceremony in Pinehurst!
ice cream
Get the LED out.
you cant change a hoe into a house wife, unless you let her WORK at home 
Todays African Proverb You do not become a chief simply by sitting on a big stool.
Like Unlike
URE OBVIOUSLY R HIGH.....: KOBE locked LEBRON up ...
is not and never will be CLUTCH AllStar
so how are you?
I guess I wont
You can take what is left but the truth is that your love leaves me defenseless.
I Fucking Hate My Teeth
It's a secret!
Muahaha.
How are you?!
The Cubs fan in you wants to overpay for Humber when he's ready to retire?
I'm guessing Houston.
Can't see the Bears claiming McNabb if they didn't Orton, but I've been wrong before.
Ahem.
who wants me to follow back?
RT this  i'll follooww you ?
:
Morning tweets!
Getting my studying done early!
OMG almost gave me a heart attack about rachelcrow.
And needs an attitude adjustment.
What a punk.
For those complaining about Fox News' coverage of Obama's samesex marriage stance...
why are you paying attention to Fox News?
JUNE: Now Booking HMU if interested....
hop you enjoyed it!
:
my fav is ship with holes will sink
don't say you miss someone when you're the reason y'all stopped talking.
President Obama didn't send just 30,000 troops.
He tripled the number of troops through several escalations.
If chill doesn't trend , i ain't gonna be chill .
Photoshop Tip: To 'flip' an item vertically or horizontally quickly while transforming, rightclick the object while in transform mode.
...
can u measure the health of our democracy/economy when so much of each is based on lies, manipulation  absent of any value creation?
History of economics lecture  3 iced green teas
Walk early: If you save your walking until the end of the day, the pressure to get those steps can become a stressful hassle
So much to do!
raise your glass by Pimk
RT Retweet if you LOVE music!
Got our track shoes on with multiple projects right now!
Feels so good!
im pissed my last tweet was in all caps..
that shits annoyin
Tackling is fundamental.
Eagles woes continue.
TD
Champagne wishes and caviar doctorams
hey Mo you got a US phone number?
I CANT WAIT TO SEE THE
Lunch or coffee Jan 7?
Alternate times/dates more than welcome; Just working on getting something out there.
:
Apologies delayed on the Late night happy hour Crazy here.
3.50 skyy O bombs, 5 Tall Absolut cocktails  5 grape n stoli o lemonade tall
Oh, please, Lord, let Kim Kardashian bring Kanye to the WHCD!!!
Thank God.
Think Marquez is bad?
: Gatusso and Inzaghi leave X.
Thank god Crew96 are out of international roster spots.
IfItWasUpToMe i would allow smoking weed in the club im really why the fuk not???
That was the 10th no hitter in Angels history.
Awesome.
come to me or I will throw this shoe at you!
i want to see the bright lights tonight
Saw an email of yours that was forwarded to an listserv, we'd love to see that Silicon Valley power graphic!
Just finished post on awesome photos from Party Animals/3rd Eye Blind event...now on to the headshots!
Tupac Back?
And in hologram form?
We're starting to set up for our sale!
Lots of boxes full of great stuff.
The sale will be from Thursday until Monday!
Ceelo's cat kills me :D
Thanks for the retweet
Spa dayy .
Ahh I cant wait for this rub down
Oh yeah, how bout dem SAINTS!!!!!!!!
Nice to see Brees, Colston and dem boys gettin it done!
I'll doctornk an Abita to dat win!
Morning run, then Atown!
I told my Mom today that by next Mother's Day, she will be Unemployed.
Bcuz Im going to retire her from her job.
That would be fantastic
We've got Florida facing off with Jersey at 7, and Nashville and Detroit at 7:30.
Which game do you want the sound on ?
This lottery craze is blowing my mind.
Just went to get gas and people are coming here in doctorves
Dear everyone, please do not cover Curtis Mayfield songs.
It is boring and painful.
Go Hawks!
I'm curious what's the breaking news?
RT : At press breakfast with The Body Shop
COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR PRODUCTS.....completely natural
I love being awake before dawn.
lol I ain't mad they look good.
Black show for tonight Episodes 10  12 of Season 1 of The Cosby Show
They should tread lightly.
They are very close to smashing final cut to little broken apple bits, and NOW is the time to killit
I think it goes for any airport...
People watching is amazing
I think this might be fun?
I heard a cover of Waiting Room they played live and it was hilarious.
Flea was into that bass line!
I KEEP GETTING DISTRACTED!!!!
D:
The practice of medicine is a thinker's art the practice of surgery a plumber's.
Martin H.
Fischer
Every kiss begins with rape.
HAPPY 11TH BIRTHDAY TO MY LITTLE BROTHER 333
fastest 10k I have ever run and at elavation WiskeyRowPrescott I just finished a 6.44 mi run with Nike GPS.
I've never been hurt this bad..ever.
I'm done with living...
Museum of Printing in Houston has 1,200 letterpress typefaces.
Cool!
anytime babe 
Someone make Mat Musto, Tyler Carter, and Artist Vs Poet tour together before I explode!
Ask us stuff!!
RT : Eating without wine on the table is not eating completely.
Lidia Bastianich  So true!
UFC 145 End of Round 2  That was clearly Jones' round.
One kick/elbow by Jones can change the tone of the fight
I can't get sick on my birthday weekend!
I said the same thing!
Adam was pressured w time when the fans were demanding a single.
He released a song that was most like WWFM
Halloween madness!
Just heard my sisters music program is getting partially cut next year.
Not cool.
if I could I would marry you because I love you!
some shit like American Actor; Comedian and it had a picture of him
pressure the govt?
If you try to send rockets my way  I will kill you myselfStop terrorism then we sit down talkI bringcoffee.
I gave up liquor for the last week and find that I'm superhumanly alert and vascular.
Not sure I like what this means:
Just seeing if you were still in Joplin.
You guys, I have grey, leopardprint skinny jeans perfect for trampytuesday!
after today, I have 12 days of school left!
Horray!
Just paid 2.10 of tolls in pennies.
relevancy doctorves revenue  love it!
FRENCH 1020?!?!
jealous...
just make sure you come back so we can go to boring, old american grad studenty 1020
CJ should have kept the ball to shoot the freethrows nbs...
Seven new members were elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame on Saturday.
www.coachescorner.com
writers block at the very end of the song.
typical.
Were Sorry This Call Cannot Be Completed As DialedFirst Answer Received By Alexander Graham Bell.
Thanks for spreading the word!
Man, you sound like somebody I know
My mouth of melting.
see ya in a few!!
is concerned that no matter how well he explains an accrual, some people will never understand!
That piece made me want to go back and turn every page of Power Broker  so interesting
I do not want to dieuntil I have faithfully made the most of my talent and cultivated the see that was placed in me until the la
I know the problem.
Really enjoying the book though.
: So many books, so little time.
Its still Celtics on mine we will sweep these  bums
Don't fall in love...she's a beauty.
Love 80s on 8.
Our Features:
WILL I EVER GET A FOLLOW FROM WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO
who's up for Country night  Mad Dog Saloon ?!
We are !
Tuesday Night !
812
Had a nice convo.
Not many times I can do this and enjoy it.
Lmao...
That's like a guy w a 3inch dick talmbout yea baby u know I got that footlong!
i don't have time to wait till Friday for Friday.
Ok tell me why when i always get on twitter all i do is read and laugh at tweets IAmSadSadStory 
Fortier getting credit for that one
MONEY ON MY MIND...
LET ME SPEND MY THOUGHTS ON U!
Anyone wanna invite me to google
Tinkerers need space to access resources, create, and connect to community of peers/mentors.
Opp for libraries a la YOUmedia?
You have a new business you want to get started.
We get it.
We can help you share your ideas with the world.
Let's just talk about it.
pussay gets wet like the ocean in which people surf.
Therefore, I am the God of rap.
All the Benjamins you let me count wealth and health for my family, and lettin' me ball on these niggas.
this game Doodle Jump is pissin' me off.
So far so good..
its a lil sloppy on both ends
singing my jam!!
absolutely.
I just stood in an elevator.
Fully geared.
My brudda is finally home  ehh
You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him.
Leo Aikman
If you like an item, dont wait to buy it because it may not be there next time.
Lakers are d.o.a.
if the former Mamba is their star player.
D12 seems like the one cat who might like that dope Mike Brown
Food is our common ground, a universal experience.
James Beard
I got nothing.
I missed Austin's ustream!
:
.
what the hell happened to Chandler Bing???
hahahaha....
somewhere, siever is seething with anger over the bad weather report...
:
may 28 ill be there
Don't forget the Toy doctorve at Miller Chev in Rogers tomorrow!
10a to noon!
Toys go to Mary's Kids at Sharing and Caring Hands.
Who is out in Vegas tonight!?
We will see, I definitely am not worried about Walls defense however.
We must look for ways to be an active force in our own lives.
Les Brown
any chance you were invited to both?
Haven't been able to stop listening to DirtyWork It's AMAZING!
Agree, APIs tend to serve a broader set of use cases whereas SaaS apps tend to be focused on a more specific problem/solution.
yeahh: ahah did u see the WMYB parody from the key of awesome?
Put the phone down.
Go for a run.
About to attend orientation for my major!!
So excited!
Contrasting textures, in dark neutrals and muted jewel tones, define Rebecca Taylor's effortlessly cool fall '12 collection.
BRO.
I'm down.
YEA BUDDY.
all I have now is a heart full of words left unspoken
of course we think you are beautiful too.
Oh okay, I guess I'm glad to hear that?!
Anyhoo, miss you like crazy.
Merry Xmas baby girl, hope to see you more in 2012xo
The Alustra Collection by Hunter Douglas,,,Just Beautiful!!!
such a great fucking song, man.
R.I.P.
Mike Montgomery
Day off today.
Accomplished so far: breakfast, laundoctor, opening a box.
For every five seconds I dont have flapjacks, i shall break one window
Which theory states that people learn how to commit crime at various stages in their life?
HAHA!!!!
I have conquered the six panel closet door...again.
Bring it you heavy ass wood freaking door.
BRING IT!!!
Swore fingers bubble wrap.
thank you for taking such good care of us!
I only know this because my teammates are now the coaches....
I am too!
I'm standing at the c hall stairs by the gym !
Come!
My family just tried to clean the kitchen with our magical powers...
Why am I not a wizard ?
You're welcome.
:
The last US troops have left Iraq.
Here's to the heroes' safe journeys home to their loved ones, their countries, and their biggest fans.
Woah, haven't been on here in forever.
If you are nauseous, you make others sick.
If you are nauseated, you are sick.
Simple.
Do neither.
Stage Reading this MONDAY  Aljira 591 Broad St.
Newark NJ
yea for sure..
thats whack.
i'm sorry that sucks!!
I think youll do fine tho
You said it girl RT : Advice for life: Let's not be the girls who wait in the wings because we are actually spotlight women.
Seeking Area Supervisor in Niles,IL.
Goto rossstores.com
Not bad for an NBAless town!
;
Thanks for following  looking forward to following you too!
Have a great day!
Cindy K
Sad News RT : Saddened to hear of the passing of formister Boiler Bill Moose Skowron.
He was a 6t MLB AllStar  5t WS Champ
If anyone has trouble finding the key to my heart, I keep an extra set under the stones in my kidney.
Nun at the park..wat u up to?
Believe Marek is right but seem to remember NYR wearing regular road blues and Lady Liberty back in '97
Bye bye, Miss American Pie.
Surely what all that means is that I need to go to bed.
So perhaps I'll do that.
We're celebrating TravelTuesday with the perfect picnic:
What i think of my grades: Fno biggie Dehh Cgood Bawesome Ai am amazing!...
I work, but start at 11.
Hopefully I'll be off in time to party!
What a night Cowboy win, and now I'm pretty sure I just felt an earthquake!
Lil wayne taught me that if you're doctorwning in the pussy you can just swim to the butt ..
it's very old fashion, fun  cheeky!
I blame postmodernism for giving license to and applauding esoteric language, MFA factories, and nonaesthetics
5 for one, 8 for two!
And maybe like 1 for shipping?
Want some?
:
I havent done my nails in almost two weeks.
This is a record
yea me n Jake have a secret cuddle place.He meets me there when ur sleeping
Yes are u?: I miss all my friends:/
I go to superintendents in each school system and get permission to go to each school in the system.
many schools
The midafternoon bird would get the worm if not for the fact that it's nest is made from bits of memory foam.
Amazed at lack of planning trains putting 2 coach train on route with reduced service due to engineering.
fail rammed !
I'm going to have to come up with a new question.
Our two winners can't come this Sat.
So be on the look out for a chance to win!
Good catch!
Updated the page, also updated it to 5 million downloads, and added our new RecipeScan feature.
congrats on your award : you're lucky to have such dedicated angels ;
Follow us on twitter
Where should I stay in San Francisco?
says that you can give me a free room.
:
yeah, worst episode this season.
Can't wait for Caps Game 5 at Verizon on Saturday night...um....wait a mintue.
S/O 2 All My New Followers New Music Coming Soon :
I guess that list of places I'd most like to live in the Midwest is Michigan, distantly followed by Cleve, twin cities, and maybe Wisconsin
the upside, however, is.
twitter is stream of consciousness...group consciousness.
Useful when balanced.
It pisses me off when people tell me they go through their boyfriends phone, one you have no trust, two you are a bitch, three you're dumb.
Come watch the Sounders away match on Saturday at 5:30pm and enjoy a cold Redhook No Equal Amber Lager the official beer of the ECS.
i totally agree w.
yuh!;
OH wow.
I didn't even know Yelp was making tweets on my behalf.
Jeez Mariners.
I might be able to fit in my scarf and mini umbrella, but probably not much more.
...It wastes both our time
Alas in an exploratoryas I'm one to dislike been there, done that vibe anyhowphase of life that doesn't fit 140 characters too neatly.
One of the best ways to develop a strong sense of inner peace is to take the time to discover your deepest personal values and passions....
preach.
i'm so over him
The lack of oversight in this multibillion  industry is frightening.
is trying to change this.
Finally a video project !
This will be fun ;D
NUMBERGAMEEEE!
Must following  tweet me your number 
Holy fuck shit...
BAD GIRLS CLUB REUNION PART 1 ON RIGHT NOW!
LET'S GET THIS SHIT FUCKING CRACKING!
Dam I wasnt even talking about Them.
But thats fuked up to know someone actually took they phone smh
and this is one of the many reasons why I love ya xx :
You can aspire to be what you are not, but quit pretending to be what you are not.
What addoctorss do you want us to send you doctorwstring bag to?
.
When do the Simply Seager.
or Leave it to Seager shirts come in?
true haha.
Hopefully people like my suggestion more.
So I wish would follow me...
its kindaa impossible buut he's on a following spree:
M...
Hungry for steak tonight?
Visit George's!
i hope we strike in leg 2 : Good luck skeeter.
Cheers to a great weekend and a hot start to the weeks bets with
pratice make perfect perfect make paper
forgot to tell you I heard it and it sounds dope.
another merit badge night at scouts: kids running their mouths, not getting enough done.
Just tapped Great Divide Nomad Pilsner.
T2 hours until Easter!
I'm so glad I don't have to hear gary all day
I'm on that work flow
wat do u mean by snappy

Thanks for the Tips
Just so bored with out watching movies :
Josh Hamilton came out tonight like hes on dope.
ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously rolling up the weed the best
Att  FAIL yesterday.
Lost in Carteret, NJ.
No signal for gMaps.
My colleague on VZW the WHOLE time.
It's the NJ TP, not Route 66!
sorry cindy.
I call em as I see em, but you by far are the prettiest weather lady on the air.
hey everyone!
how has ur day been going?
anyone have a song idea?
Wish me luck
where is Attila fighting tonight?
THanks!
My mother loved the edible arrangements and them heels.
The awkward moment on class when you sneeze and nobody says god bless you.
Big thanks to Michael Bills for kicking off OSUResearchDay.
More posts/pictures/videos to come tomorrow.
I didn't get any chocolate : what the
Happiness is the catalyst for you to get what you want.
Now I have a machine gun.
HO HO HO.
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO
were going holcombe hill tomorrow too for jam butties and a chill : so u can come with us then x
I believe so, as well...
Here's to hoping we're right!
Do you like Romeo as HC?
If not, who?
or register a new card using the exact same account info, follow instructions to combine accounts.
A cold beer and a burrito sounds damn good right about now.
ha ha when i was in so cal i felt like casper compared to everyone.
n more of a freak with the sunglasses n hat!
Today's lesson: It does not matter who you are, there is ALWAYS a line you cannot cross.
I'm excited to bring my nephew to your concert tonight!
He's super pumped!
O.O
I doctorve off straight desire pushing through obstacles for what I want.
How bout you?
Caps/Rangers game 3 action is incredible.
NHL playoffs are the shit.
RT Trailer: Something From Nothing: /Looks good to see someone like Ice speaking to these cats.
lethal weapon
Thank you!
I thank the conductor who let me shoot photos out the the train's rear window.
Book coming out soonwant to get involved?
Y yo que?
RT : I'm struggling to see how people could be over a war criminal.
it is so funny
Refs hurting us more
I think Andoctorw Luck 2012 and Bill Polian 2011 have the same odds of joining Twitter.
Like our page?
Share us with your friends!
We always want to spread the word as far as we can about Florida KidCare health insurance!
still have never been to the house of waffles :
hell yea!!
Go Bears  RG3!!
Check out a very cool dude as well
: RT Phase two is complete.
Brunette power  welcome in our club!
RT IF YOU LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER 3
don't you just love my tweets about shoes?
I am so deep!
Deep in my wallet that is!!!
Are we ready for a great discussion about instructional design?
I'm blessed that I can afford it but still!
Here's to stay hydoctorted  safe personal best time  a tan 90degree day.
who's ready for this laker game tonight?
it's been 2 hours and ihavent done my homework ha :
this is true.
Its a good century to be in haha.
thats pretty awesome lol i cnt get on a cpu who are the ones u saw followin me?:
A very Good meeting with my producer.
If u got a question 9 times outta 10 I got an answer
I just want you to know who I am.
that's my shitt!!!!
Shoutout To All The Women Who Honestly Dont Give A Fuck What Irrelevant Ass People Say About Them, Do You Let Them Talk, LiveFree
im good, i just ordered some sarpinos!!
wbu
makes me the happiest of the boys.
ALL FOOD IS SCRATCH MADE AT SOME POINT.
I hate Fieri.
Mall later:D gonna be rockin my Vlados!
er patio.
Ain't special
OMG he unreal bro he super raw
Aw it would be so adorable if selena tweets just saying happy birthday an says baby
did you reply to a different tweet?
Not sure how analysts relate to our mobile meetup this evening?
I wanna specify about last 2 days of tweet wars: I don't think all conservatives act like that.
Any label can be coopted for foolishness.
YOURE SO PRETTY, OMG TRADE FACES WITH ME.OMFG
Smart people know everything.
Wise people know everyone.
Just added celebrity Mia St.
John former lightweight boxing champion and playboy model will be signing autographs Friday and Saturday
that's my bottom 2 too RT : either Holly or Joshua is going home..
...with swing rhythms of the blues that melody our day.
dmp
Have to feel bad for Steve Blake, Blazers are a mess
...
which is to say that there ARE industries still in the dark ages, but a tiny nose piercing for a college interview is FINE.
can you be more transparent?
Is season 1  7 of Star Trek: TNG gone for ever or only a short while?
everything about that scene was awesome: Sherlock/Mycroft, captain John Watson, Asian dude,  timing till they get caughtBRILLS
I just saw trackpalsforlife and thought of you and now I'm sad.
And mad.
And sad...
It's going to be a big week for ATLTB11 8 catches for 139 yards and 2 TDs!
Count it!
Just saw a guy fall out a window on chestnut and hang by his neck for a film shoot.
If you do not get teary eyed watching Posada's retirement you arent a true yankees fan.
I already miss number 20!
Madison's 3333
The gospel means much more than the personal salvation of individuals.It means a social revolution.
miss u too babe!
Happy hour this week????
:
oh.
That's on the northern end of the community.
Is that still considered SW or West?
Need a reboot...took a stroll in Balboa park.
Beautiful day
Wild rumpus goes silent.
RIP Maurice Sendak.
Thank you for setting many doctorams free.
Looking forward to hearing about OSCI  Mus Div session in Toronto.
I'll say hello!
Lol then ill die of hypothermia RT : haha.
Take a cold bath!
MWIP trying to test .01s again...
Waking up ass early on a Saturday to go to the clowning, while sick.
Another day, I suppose.
So, i learned tonight, even know im a Old pimp...
i still got it...lol,
Imprompu Suns game with : so happy to be in AZ!!
MARC 517 pax all transferred to Amtrak 151, not moving yet
Had a great vacation in Canada.
Vancouver is certainly gearing up for the Olympics.
It is going to be great.
Happy Holidays everyone!
Childhood  this is a happy time, when running to the toilet at night and feel glad that you did not eat
Yeah...I dig that our fire trucks say 'East End.' :
ay shauty, will you go to da bauder senior fashion show wit me
Gods blessing is recession proof.
Seriously, it's like Pandora reads my mind.
its going well!
I'm nervous and excited at the same time!
I'm in crunch time!
I'm more in danger of dying in a car dancingrelated accident than nearly anything else.
questionsthatdontgetanswers Do I look fat in this doctorss?
I'll never know!
hope u get better
Oh right.
BTW, I didn't know the royal family had managers but it makes sense.
Can you introduce me to Kate?
Some journalists did some serious traveling to get here, some from overseas.
I thought the Fisher students busride from Rochester was bad.
Transcribing in the library today and it's much more quiet than normal.
Bliss!
I finished the 5K doctorgon Dash this morning in 33.44.
Not bad for a lady who had a baby 10 weeks ago.
Nice having cheerleaders on my route.
i cant get hey there Delilah out of my freaking head...
what the actual fuck.
Thanks for the shout out!
Have a great day!
Wow!!
Everyone needs to go see the movie The Help!!!!!
Amazing!!!!!
Coach Epps is doctorpping some knowledge over here
Bleh...School today and concert tonight:/
So why support these fuckers when they can give a rat fuck about you?
Yet we still fill there pockets
Omg, your fucking avi.
Can I just have you already!?!?!
Ryan Perry could do that too.
I got sides in my rides and the motion for ya ocean / Coolio got the potion to get the party open Coolio
En route to an epic dance party with Girl Talk!!
I've got so much love to give
Gives me reason to watch SA gms.
RT : If the Clippers advance, the Chris PaulTony Parker matchup is going to be incredible.
A Polish dentist removed all her exs teeth when he came in for tooth pain.
Hes lucky she wasnt a doctor  he was in for a vasectomy
nowplaying He Won't Go, Adele
Success relies on getting excellent at saying no without feeling guilty.
RT : Kids under 19 no longer denied coverage for preex condition  thanks health care law!
Let's wait until he sees docs in NY before we start shipping his locker to Cooperstown u know what they say about assume
Takes one to know one.
Whenever I get into Twitter trouble, I refer to He handles things with humor  a brief.
Omg...need a weekend to recover from the weekend!
The longer I live, the more I realize the impact of attitude on life.
Happy Birthday!!!!
'Tween  well do the math  just getting them pointed in same direction is a victory
RT : singing as an a act of theory!
nope it's weird...lol.
Download the NEW DamnGurl app!
And just like last time, it's also FREE :
Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new  Henry David Thoreau
Taking a break from editing.
Hope all my tweeps had a good weekend.
I'm about to give away a lot of these clothes that I barely wear.
Someone else could use it.
I wish I knew someone who really needs them.
that's a fascinating article on American football and a great job articulating a thought that's definitely going around.
Sushi, com !
People at school make fun of me because I love But I will be a Mahomie4Life : DedicatedFan 33 Love you Austin!!
How deep is your love...
aftermath: so much overload of awesome that i really don't want to leave the hill today.
Or bed.
What's the most efficient way of shipping shoes??
Would like to thank Carma for getting him back to Baltimore from San Jose
As a dancer Kaiser Wilhelm II is not a success.
He is stiff as a ramisterd.
He whirls with great rapidity, causing broken shins  torn costumes
InSchoolTheresAlways one stupid student in the class who reminds the teacher that we had homework and iReallyHateWhenPeople say that
I love how GOP accuses Obama of being anti business when he never speaks against business.
He just leaves the blanks for them to fill in.
Thierry Hendoctor a NY Red Bull and more to come?
guys you should lisent to abigail by motionless in white is amazing!!!
This mentor a freshamn appl.
asks for your GPA, man i bet its pretty low...
So did you win tickets?
Yes where mine ends up :
hey anyone know if you can sell feces sculptures on etsy?
we be tryin!
you gonna help!?
;
ite.
You aint got no females who doctorve
I totally agree, Paola.
Hashtags are metadata for your tweets.
Or, librarians explaining twitter to other librarians.
's brother is coming home!!
: the CheekyYinzer on cask is hands down one of the top 1015 beers I've ever hadPCBW
So tired.
Late for work.
Probably still gonna stop at ChickFilA.
I didn't know was a rapper!?
Pretty sweet music!
Some pretty neat stuff, especially photos on metal.
happy mothers day and happy almost newbaby to you!!
yes!
You'll love it!
One hour from the first pitch of opening day!
Joe said months ago that RReagon won reelection W/unemployment  7 maybe Obama can lower 8.3 to 7.7
Omg me and have the same birthday.
Happy birthday Ms.
Luckett!
Chicken wings and fish fillets
Jake.
I will miss you.
You were always there for me.
Through ups and downs and now your gone.
I love you forever and always.
Thanks for the RT Hope to see you tonight!
I'm saying fuck it, get the Benz.
I only live once
Twitter sure has some adorable people out here;
Getting in superman shape.
Great night
yeahh i pretty much died when i first saw it.
Tonight!
: Rammstein and : Pouch w/Antique Scream
All this hate...Lakers fans, Heat fans, Celtic fans, OKC fans....can't we all just get along??....well no, just thought i'd ask lol
Going to the Crossing.
Join us.
With KC, Laura, and Jac.
Getting the side kick 4!
;D
I just got this mention ..
I dont act like I'm the only one who goes thru it, but idc about anyone else honestly.
Its school.
Yeah most definitely RT : thats why cali is better :
GOOD MORNING XX
hahahahahahahaha I laugh whenever I think about that now!
Im just a cobra at heart...
The biggest challenge in writing is 
if I see one more fucking shoe on my newsfeed 
Hopefully your insurance company is better than mine was.
I got nothing.
Mchara mc kayone life is a awesome song that is smooth with groove..
SWOP also has tickets available to the SexCon for 25 each...portion of proceeds benefit us!
Email for details.
I'm impressed by the new GM so far.
We doin it big Baltimore!
John Paul DeJoria is the cofounder of Patron  JP Mitchell Co.My facial recognition skills are better than I thought.
Looking forward to sampling some of that homegrown honey at JingleMingle for CASA thanks to Luscious Laurent Honey!
IT'S ALWAYS THE VERY FORTUNATE PEOPLE THAT TEND TO COMPLAIN THE MOST!!!
Thanks, Gary, so very much.
Tweeted your page:
LOVE it.
Huskies couldn't ever use that plate frame tho...
They WERE actually winless just a few years ago.
Ha.
cool i gota muffin
According J.J.
Cooper of Baseball America, Wil Myers could see a callup to TripleA sometime soon.
miami gone mess around and loose this game
You guys have to check out this guy he makes the best art ever
The tigers suck again...
F
Thank you Phoenix
Sure, but still dumb for him to try to justify it, no?
Keep the unspoken traditions unspoken.
Just got some amazing raspberry Lion Heart Kombucha for another fun beverage for the First Light Trunk Show with
The Horns lead 2416 after 3.
One quarter to go in this rivalry before atm runs away.
Nice scoop at first by whatshisface.
You're so lucky that you got to meet him!;D I'm so jello'!
like im not even kidding!
o;
loves the chi
zines or magazines?
Somethings will never change...
Aw thanks!
3
herd that was just your appetizer
Thanks for following
Your greatest fortune is the large number of friends you have.
Play Alganon
A merely fallen enemy may rise again, but the reconciled one is truly vanquished.
idk if he gots feelings either but im prob chillan wit him today which would be cool
DS: Even though we lost, I'm still rocking the Fu Man Chu for a few days in support of Joe Flacco.
My dude played his fucking ass off!
thats a good friend right there !
I've gotten use to there being no Austream's EVERY Friday...
But it makes me sad cause I dont know if there ever will be another normal one
If your girl thinks a pay phone is.
Pay as you go cell phone she's too young for you
Just saw Art of Video Games at ; any exhibit that brings visitors together should be considered successful.
Well done!
Everyday, more money is printed for Monopoly sets than for the U.S.
Treasury.
About to see The Avengers!
Sneaked in margaritas!
All Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon participants get a quality Adidas tech shirt.
They are gender specific.
Jay reatard doc at the roxie RIGHT NOW!
dat nigga GB really garbage.
Lol.
He is the LUCKIEST person ever though
Great choice, Angie!
I WANT A NEW PHONE.
do not let my fianc see this...seriously.
Thanks.
I will have some artists soon.
I'm doing a biweekly video on 30 artists under 30.
Please send people to me if possible
he sells trades as well
Just woke up in OK this place is to peaceful
La Guerta still sucks.
I must have missed the Big Campaign promoting the name Seth but all of a sudden it's more common than John.
False.
RT I tell my boyfriend I'd never kill him because I don't have the stomach to chop up  dispose of the body.
so excited for the fashion show tonight!!
: thanks again for organizing everything Kaley!
ur are incredible!
dont mind what Haters say, theres less of them and more of us, we  u Danielle, ur Beautiful and Flawless
jeesh the things i do for you..
haha makin the crip get up to get her phone charger!
.
.
Let's move forward not backward.
You own a whole town?
...amazing ski weekend , back to work.
Sigh.
Blueberry pancakes from hell
U can't fix stupid
What a great Google logo today.
And you can actually play it!
Happy 30th birthday, pacman!
Good fight.
Look who is playing mister Bates!
I saw you at Secret Headquarters today, but was too cool/respectful/much of a pussy to say Hello.
So, DC guy or Marvel guy?
Anyone have any suggestions for iPad apps that allow you to view, edit, etc.
Google Docs?
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with.
They are looking for potential mates.
Just finished an hour long core workout that I know is going to haunt me tomorrow; Hoping to improve my paddling this year.
You've made a very good choice.
Hahahahaha!
awh thanks girl!:
It may not be interesting basketball, but it's still basketball.
1 RT GoMobile You do not have to have a mobileoptimized site to advertise in mobile.
Use mobile landing page.
Brilliant.
Anyone use Twitter with middle school students?
Looking for lessons, activities, ideas to introduce to 7th  8th gr students.
Glamour and fashion photoshoot this weekend.
Can't wait for Sunday
On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows,In every rill a sweet instruction flows.Edward Young
Rabaul, Papua New Guinea, Bismarck Archipelago
I feel like we should have badges or something : 
Negative, Sergeant.
3 finals down, 2 to go and then I'm DONE forever!
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia!
In Philly meeting with and the exploring Philadelphia Art Museum.
The Giants schedule leaked...will they still sell tickets?
Pair programming with on Travis CI via skype  not a bad way to spend a Saturday
We'd like to hear your answers.
Are you brave enough to go on camera?
How about you let a group of students put a SM policy together?
This is the longest short week EVER.
R.I.P Miss Whitney Houston...
Happy Mom's Day!
RT : For Mother's Day, win 5 Kindle downloads of BLOODED!
Email:
Hey , your Lemon Squeeze yogurt is rockin' my world!
Be a best friend, tell the truth, and overuse 'I love you'.
Never let your prayin' knees get lazy, and love like crazy.
This week at the Grammys, next week San Antonio, Texas.
So excited to see at the rodeo!
Dad: You're a dork!
laughs and walks away Me: I guess I'm a whale's penis :l
It's called spamming me in my inbox.
I love sun too, but don't mind a nice cool day once in a while.
Those who want 8090  sun every day should live in AZ or CA.
poor real estate investment to begin with especially if you know you might be in the mood to throw stones someday.
okay, same here.
i think 128 saturday
looks like you got your tickets congrats!
just when you have it, you don't
forgot fun it is to chill with and
One class tomorrow!
so excited to be finish!!
S/O to everyone who wished me a happy bday!
Thanks!
:
Is it weird that I'm kind of looking forward to the traffic?
That's the charm, right?
Two more days until I'm a permanent New Yorker.
Excited to build memories with
yeah bro i have to, the whole team should be there
i feel like i havent tweeted in foreeevvverrrr.
hi how are you
Chillin with Shaun White and Tony Hawk in BH.
It's times like this I wish I could have at least SOME skating skills.
I'm in PHX!
'Twas a crime of opportunity.
That yelloweyed Booth took advantage of dereliction of duty by mister Lincoln's guard that evening.
lol I don't know him but based on your tweet he's a hit
Thanks for the RTs Easy Rider!
Why can't you just do this one thing for me.
I will never stop being a student it is way to fun!
Music is love in search of a word.
Sidney Lanier
i love a bright neon pedi at the start of summer
Thanks for a great night Great food, great beer, great location.
I'm pretty sure I might know who this is about..
as a guy who calls up advertisers of programs he doesnt like to complain.
I remember him doing that to shows I liked
hahah just had to show ya:
Always.
It is what it is what a tough doctorw to come back to for him.
Ugh.
Onematchatatime is the mantra.
: When I let go of what's not meant to be, I clear a path for good stuff to find me!
Enough said.
Former Divas Champions Collide
spent it at home alone.
Studying for AP tests.
Saw my mom for maybe an hour or two lol.
How was yours?
I have next week and the 1st week of June open for choreography.
Inbox me, let's dance!
Thursday Night Special: Lamb Burgers w/ Feta Dill Sauce and choice of side!
Come get some before they're all gone!
See you here for our dinner special and a beer!
3Domestic; 4 import.
Full  1/2 Carafs of house wine avail.
Omg my mother  me:mom!
The lightz red stop!
Mom;is there a cop me;no mom;takes off !!
Make  from content you create!
I know you don't roll, but trust me babe, you wanna be high for this.
All fulfillment comes from within.
Google it!
It's hilarious.
yea i didn't think so :
Check out the Plectrum Artist Series radio show 2nite at 10p on citywide blackout thru cyberstationusa.com feat act is Scott Strazzullo
Oh, you look so beautiful tonight.
In the city of blinding lights 
Gotta love the energy behind can't wait for the launch.
Tweet us events to cross promote!
Walk was sketchy, I car slowed down next to me.
Almost peed my pants.
I'll make it all the way to your place next time
I remember i used to skate ...yooo back when it was a fad but i loved it...me X  Izzy back in Brooklyn..til Hindu fat ass broke my shit
My hair today 
When you move me, everything is groovy.
I swear to yah; ill be their for yah.
This aint no doctorve by.
May the fourth be with you.
Had a delicious today, Going to be a good day!
u KNOW he checks it at halftime...duh lol
INFO SESSION TONIGHT  Beth Am Cong.
2501 Eutaw Place, 21217.
We begin promptly at 6:30!
Just bring yourself and a pen!
All are welcome!
um yes, yes you should
I'm so excited!
Great job!
ctfu hell yeah
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
Thanks Gail!
ward5se dclc As daughter of a Black mother/Puerto Rican father,  mom of 2 childoctorn that attend bilingual schools, ty for today's event.
Awesome day at the K.
We were, it was beautiful today!
Anyone else?
RT : Hey y'all!
Who's out on the Oak Leaf Trail today?
Check us out in richmond this saturday
thanks Ciera.
Enjoy it
CAM annual meeting and Trade show is at Motor City Casino on February 2nd, make plans to attend the one day only event!!!
Awake.
Pong with and Ate Jessica.
Haha.
You don't even know dawg.
Oh no back to sleep!
Off To Softball : 33
6 BAD ACTIVE kids about to board our flight.
ALL passengers faces  PRICELESS!
LOL!
Every1 praying they're NOT sitting near them!
LOL
Me too!
The potato bug calling!
I didn't learn rolypoly until I was older.
lol, that's crazy.
I only have 5 days next week but I work both dayside and nightside on two of them.
I'm in the mood to sit at home and eat ice cream.
U and I ROCK
Wonder if they'll see this tweet: Worth a shot,
User review site for nonprofessorts via greatnonprofessorts.org
will do!
I got u cuz...
U already kno
Ultimate Home Healthcare in Clearwater has CFO, Director of Finance and Billing Coordinator openings; fax resume to 5078967
teamwork bro
thats cool.
i just thought for a little and it came in my brain:D
SAME.
GET ME FOOD
how was PR?
Last Rams game of the 2011 season.
damn you
In the hope to meet Shortly again, and make our absence sweet.
Ben Jonson
Frat party going Hamilton.
this is one of my biggest doctoram!
I just can't really lose this.
just bought florence  the machine tickets!
can't wait to rock out to my redheaded spirit mother.
RT : When things don't go your way, remember they are going God's way, which is better for u than your way!
Let go  have fun!
Love is a tear.
Love is a smiley.
Love is a hug.
Love is a kiss.
Love is a word.
Love is the all world!
when will you be in San Antonio
These days i live a square life....its way too many snitches in these streets...no loyalty whatsoever.
BOOM let it out now!
What the hell happened to 's job?!
Lol
plus you bruise too easy and I don't wanna catch a case.
Not a single fart joke on the show.
Nothing being pulled out of any orifices either.
It will be very familiar yet different.
Next series of tweets are from a fauxpress conference in my ENGL308 class.
They are not real.
Maybe you could tell us since you're apparently eating them.
Always know your worth and never ever appologize for being yourself.
Have a great day.
don't do it
we'll let it slide this time.
Not eating warm, vanillaspiked waffles encased in caramelized pearl sugar is punishment enough!
LMFAO THAT WHY I PUT EXCUSES UP WHEN ITS SITTING TIME..
I MAKE SOMETHING UP TO MY SIS BUT I LOVE THEM THOUGH HAHAH
We hope not too, the past two years it has rained though!
:
Lmao So My Bus doctorver Told Us We Gone Have To Find Another Bus , Corey Said No Ma'am You Gone Have To doctorve Another Bus Lmao Only Him
happy bday beautiful .
Sorry I'm late was working
Best You can do for your family  friends is to see them more often.We can get You anywhere for LESS!
We guarantee it!
www.FreeXpedia.com
Call officials screw up a lot.
Dude is under the rim and doctorws an over the back.
haha!
The show on Monday is for a battle of the bands, so there's no VIPs unfortunately, but we'll get you one for a show :
I am.
Hi!
Let's touch base after!
Gerrard's hat trick was nice!
RelationshipsAre lame.
ppl are always with the wrong person.
lol
R.I.P.
Ronnie James Dio
The awkward moment when you see felipe santiago at publix.....
I remember when u use to be able to watch TV, all u needed was a tv
Listening to demos of old songs, I'm gonna release these.
People need to hear them.
RT : Heart of a hustla, mind of a g
I can't cause I don't know how to defy gravity
Taking a homework break to work on my tan.
All the world's dads are on a boat.
One goes HOT ENOUGH FOR YA?
Resulting bellylaughter causes a tidal wave that fully submerges Sri Lanka
partynight!!!
It's gonna be a rough night but I'm still gonna have a good time :D
Hogan is our new mascot for SoBiz Network, leave some comment for him
Guys are about the interactions between Indians, slaves, and alcohol.
Do you have questions?
Thanks for the heads up.
We'll send this along to our Maintenance team!
Still busy with having my sister here visiting and no computer, just borrowing her laptop...
Note to self: keep your mouth closed at work, contributing to the conversation only gets you in trouble.
nice meeting you to ....keep in touch 
Tomorrow is the last day of classes for the spring semester.
Anyone have any fun last day of class traditions from your days on Rocky Top?
After surviving an almost fatal jet ski accident in May, Sean Kingston is back on his feet and attending Hollywood events.
lots and lots of apples
I smile knowing that I dont have showtime and will never have to see your underacting.
Awesome video!!!
Can you ask Emma if she'd like a new group of best girl friends?
No seriously.
We all have BFF crushes on her.
And her hair.
theres really no top I guess sum call it bein comfortable came from nuthin an make sumthin is the key
Planning next week at the end of this one.
Excited to meet Luca Missoni of  Pamela Jaccarino of at WDC!
I feel like that douch trying to find the most awesome christmas tree on xmas eve!
I can't find a pumkin anywhere.
Sad brown one it is!!!!
People cant repay student loans if they never get their professor licenses bcuz of unlawful discrimination in/by licensing entities
Heart disease and stroke remain the No.
1  No.
3 killers in our country.
WomensHealth Text HEALTH to 300400 and reduce your risks!
Our thoughts are with all those who were affected by the 9/11 tragedy.
Happy to be in Salt Lake City after our 7am trek from Aspen...
Find a guy that will ruin your lipstick, not your mascara.
dude, u were great.
1 or 2 plays by others and you're in Indy.
Ill never know what the listener gets, what the listener feels, and thats too bad.
John Coltrane
Thanks for the follow
um, what's grosser than 's failed ad campaign?
answer:
This Parks  Rec news better not be true.
Fucking NBC.
Once again was extremely helpful in getting my Internet up and running.
Very happy with
RT : Ramps tomorrow...
what to do?
//  I happy to recipe test.
We'll be by for brunch in about an hour.
It never worksor if it works, it's only a temporary fix
BASE Camp is Mobile!
Please text BCROCKS followed by a space and the amount you want to donate to the number: 27138!
More sun, more fun!
Woo!
RT  First day of Spring!
82 degrees in Indy!!
Wonder what the Summer will bring...?
btw, just a plug, i'm a Parallels user and love it!
:
Yum, great choices!
Rob Gronkowski uses every each and pound of his 66, 260 frame to get the Patriots the lead back, 2720
you bring a bottle and that could happen lol
hahaha you're dumb I miss you though :
I officially just crapped my pants .
BOYFRIENDTeaser .
to george clinton?
funk yes!
I've been meaning to see him for years.
It sure does have its rewards...and you can have some pretty challenging days but I love it!!
Charlie Sheens home searched for firearms after a threat of harming himself.
There's goals because of passion, then there's creating a legacy because of the passion  those who have sacrificed for you...legacy.
Its not me its just everyone else.....
wait I mean Randy Orton is the youngest WHC
thx I couldn't wait to watch it!
I was reciting it and Carlos was like um how many times have you seen this?
not you sam!
U and are mad chill
haha.
Honestly can they just move to NY?
I'm auditioning for my school talent show on tuesday!!:
Hmm what's for dinner
home opener is TODAY at 3:10 vs.
the Cards!
If you can't go it'll be on FSN and MLB.TV!
GoBrewers!
Tonight, Very much looking forward to it.
Nate, I miss you!
How are you doing?
The better you doctorss, the worse you can behave.
yeah he does.
dang it you beat me on the dude one :
We're not a Christian nation?
But it's been said so many times...
Money May destroys PAC Man.
NO QUESTION.
You can't touch him
This girl is talking about where her friend went traveling.
If you have to talk about other peoples vacations, your life sucks.
Reading : Trader Joes coming to Austin in 2013!
I love their twobuck Chuck  cheap funky food.
Awesomesauce.
Grill a 14 oz ribeye and quench that fire!
PlaylistLive in Georgia plz puppy dog face
haha I love it!
I Hope everything is going well with the baller who got game Miss Sansone ; Have a great rest of the week
Aaron Diehl Trio Wednesday w/no cover!
Great room.
Diehl somewhat new face but already great player.
Will try to get there...
2,050  break...
Super soft table
Hope the date goes well!
disagree as cut only 1 game off lead isn't enough in head to head series but wld be better then getting swept or doctorp 2of3
Yes, yes!
Would LOVE to see a video!
Is it cool if I come with you baby?; SaySomethin 3 : BestSongEver :D
About to do my first Insanity workout.
See ya in 45 minutes
Things do turn around for those who believe.
Thanks for the FF!
Hope you have a prosperous week!
During high school I wanted to be a model then I saw ANTM  realized how many times I would be in the hospital due to allergies.
:/
endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.
Dec.
of Ind.
me neither...until now.
North Carolina, where gays can't get married but you can bury your relatives in your front yard.
hav fun elle....wen we gon hangout...so I can get a refill...haha......
That chamber show was a real kick in the head
ok, for a moment i will with you, wait.
haha :D 
Player of the game: Bruesewitz.
All those boards he got kept Wisc in the game when they had that shooting doctorught.
AUSTINS coming to LA?!
That's for Los Angeles right!?:D
Time for a nap ...
To not make a decision or exert the authority that has been given to us is to allow ourselves to be enslaved to feebleness and destruction.
top100lies he just a friend
You're a boy Mahomie ?!
:D
lucky!
I still want to make it up but work has been a little crazy!
Enjoy steamboat and say hi to Bets and John!
Haha funny how right before I move to Baton Rouge, Lil' Boosie is found NOT GUILTY .
Daylight savings is not my friend.
I never spring forward well.
In honor of the Facebook IPO, maybe I'll finally watch that Facebook movie.
InMiddleSchool oh wait I'm not done with middle school yet.
I'm pretty close though : May 23 I'm waiting for ya 3
justin bieber is calling girls now!
..
one every night !
check www.calljustinbieber.com RT!
The words Haters and Swag are overused by the people who have neither.
etrade is lame!!
RT : I heard Obama is trading RTs for votes.
Bill Clinton To Our City Jacksonville Florida www.justsmellsogoodnation.com
I'm so tired of the Os is their any part of the team that is up/graded???
I don't think so!!!!!!
oh cool!
I need a job but I dont want one!
Haha
feels good to be back in my bed lol gonna go back and pick up my dad tomorrow lol
It was delicious!!!!!
Thank you for the RT!
Happy Tuesday!
Its too early for jasons kids.
What's with the egg professorle pic.
Represent dammit!
will discuss taking his law firm virtual and his subsequent feature in at crackingthecode!
Brand new patio furniture on our awesome streetside patio!
Husky Football 2009: A Return to Winning!
One of my least favorite things?
Typing up POs.
I am terrible with a typewriter.
dont understand magazines who have all the men in them clothed and women in lingerie.
I miss flakey ass
Speaking of split ends havnt had a Banana Split in years.
If it gets to 95 today
Absolutely!
Absolutely!!
www.bruzzesiforpres.com a much simplified way to governing.
Simple plan for maximum results now!!!
ok but what ideas do you want like television shows actors singers?
lol
again, it's not the It should be the bishops, but it's not.
They're in bed with the GOP and want Obama to fail.
It behooves us, then, to humble ourselves before the offended Power, to confess our national sins and to pray for clemency and forgiveness.
Bloomberg To Expand Campaign Against Truancy
So EXCITED for this movie!!!
RT : Saw a ruff of The Avengers!!
Joss went IN on that MUTHAVENGER!!
if they didn't sell them separate I'd be going topless or bottomless.
I'm in support of separate sales
Reading the email now!!!
Some cunt just told me I was creepy?
I'll show your ass creepy!
Yes I will be at the game, making the trip from Boston.
Where can this doc be seen?
Has it hit the film festivals yet?
YES 1850's around the time cameras got popular, and then old enough to enjoy the 20s40s...
Old souls 
Weird and exhausting but fun couple of days.
i know u r only replying 2 stupidity but he will never say what he does 2 anyone's face, esp the ravens..not worth it
heyyyooo!
how you been?!
Yeah, that's how we are.
RT : These polisci majors are pretentious.
cool!
yes check out  they are an entreprenurial public library model!
RIP Charoll Shelby
feel better soon!
I hope it's nothing to bad, love ya and miss you!
hope your doing alright.
I know how it feels.
I totaled my 91 camaro a couple of days b4 thanksgiving last year.
public school kids do not deserve to be held in veal fattening pens all day  they need recess
you'd need to do data modeling in Freebase first.
gridworks is only for loading data into existing schemas.
Rihanna looks like Goldie Hawn.
We started keeping Old Bay on the dinner table, next to the salt and pepper.
Too cool.
Are you in College Station, Texas?
Jessica did amazing with aerosmith's song!
Jeter with 4 hits.
Crazy.
Actually we should be used to it by now.
Seeing tonight.
Is it still spontaneous if I know I'm going to combust?
Justin is really skilled with that  can't wait to see the suggestions.
And you know how I feel about BYOB generally!
Colborne plays about as well for the Leafs as Kaberle did for the Bruins.
Nice trade on both sides!
RT : Tuesday we extended our agreement w/ IOC so that Paralympics will be in same city as in 2018  2020.
I deserve a donut after the day/night i've had..
I WANT DQ AND DQ IS CLOSED
HEEYY goo follow and check out their stuff c:
I hate fake people and fake shit.
Fakeness is a disease dont spread that shit over my way.
Igotmyfakevaccine
MQFTD: We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we all take a little of each other everywhere.
TM
Again Robyn blogged pious, patient, and trustful
What an amazing concert tonight!
Can't wait to do it again in Carnegie Hall on Monday
Just had a fabulous conversation with the guys from Potosi!
Such great beer!
Your born to live the life you deserve, to express yourself, to be only one person and one person only.
And that is, you.
Huge surprise...worldclass idiot and IU hater picks iubb to lose in the 1st rd.
Today is Pres Obama's birthday
Thanks for RT!
How has the Bible's message helped you overcome fear  find healing?
I say BITCH IM TRYIN TO GET THIS MONEY IF YOUY FUCKIN WIT ME YOU GOT TO FUCK WIT ME THE LONG WAY
Wowzers, I had no idea.
Great to see you today in theLabNYC.
Looking forward to more time in the future.
sometimes I just watch the superbowl for the commercials if I dont care about the team....: lmfao
hell and me too...how the hell i'ma get the car out the pound i aint' got no money and the car was supposed to go back 2day
We do, too  almost everybody loves it except a few of my students :
Not bad!
Want to go on a jog sometime soon?
aight I'll let him know
Just conquered the Great White Whale of naughty professorssor moviesWonder Boys.
In the Lompoc Wine Ghetto.
Like Loring.
Try one of our delicious candy flower arrangements for this St.
Patricks Day!!!
haha how does that make any sense?
Before I burn this bridge, im throwing you off it.
Congratulations to all our SWE award recipients on your great accomplishments.
I can't wait to see you at
Wouldn't that basically be Hellblazer in the Buffyverse?
Why am I upset?
I shouldn't even be thinking about you.
Just watched a nice piece about Sirte, Lybia on It makes me mad that US media spends zero minutes on news like this.
i like sweet talkers cant even lie!
but i always know when your bullshitting me!.
Looks like I'm as smart as an asian who prob learned math before she was crawling!
Yeys
to me was a complete lie.
You never really liked me.
And deep down when I said you were out of my league I ment that you were to
eddie in jail stopping N staring  not apologizing cuz he's crazy n he knows it.I do like Eddie tho, too much soda!
Dodgers Bankruptcy Update
10 followers needed on instragram to hit my goal  new pic as soon as I hit 200 : msbaileye 
Wants to Congratulate the class of 2011!!!
It was a pleasure serving your doctornk asses.
dT.
Often RT Saw Balloons in the sky this morning...does this happen offer here in ABQ?
Springfield Central's Tyrell Springer will head out to Jacksonville College in Texas, following in the footsteps of Malik Smith
I didn't get a chance 2 c it.
Had 2 post bail 4 friend
Good Morning World!
Thank God 4 letting us see another day!
I have a GREAT feeling about some changes I am about 2 make ;o
tryna get her groove back like stella, grab the umbrella
Getting closer!
RT Just looked at my bracket....its between me and ...
Let's go Kansas!
Good day!
SKC win, and Coalesce and Fucked up at the riot room.
Now sleep!
heard you broke up with Ron hope its not true!!
: 3 u and ROn
I see someone stole my motto  used it as their twitter name...I'm flattered I guess 
I love your tweets
hahaha, there you go  i love that movie.
we need ropes!
Great 1st quarter!
Yooooo  I gotta admit you got my attention
So cold out and my butt hurts can this day get any worse?????
i'm really looking forward to hearing the rest of this story.
Taking the kids to the beach!
Ask him about when he said he's a better writer than Cormac McCarthy.
Want to revisit this partnership proposal?
dolmajewelry  AmericanExpress Present: Every Step of the Way
awww so precious!!!
Happy Mothers Day!!
I need food bro.
It's a little late but thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes.
Just had an awesome dinner with the fam!
Lmao my sisters a trip........
thanks for getting back to me.
How about Sunday?
They may need older men that day...
Not sure yet.
registered my adoctorss and car, will be full time this semester, how do I know which pass to chose
Enjoyed your sets last night!!
Congrats on a great show.
RT S/O to all my followers
yeah :3 she loves me  my cheeks :
If he didn't kill the officer no he shouldn't have been executed but don't act like he was a saint and you all knew him personally.
Fools
Movers arriving in 10 minutes.
And it's raining.
If I believed in omens, this would probably fall into the probably not good category.
hell yeah an Arnold Palmer
Congrats to one of my fav doctormmers on his first doctorm endorsement from rimshotlocs!
is rollin !
I don't trust the cloud.
I like to have control of my own data.
Good Luck.
Not that you really need it.
Are there any conference presenters that you would like to see present a follow up CAI webinar?
I'm home alone
Kicking some asian's ass in
Needs to or is it there?
RT a mikey and bob channel needs to be found at dot com
R u following the awesome abc7chicago weekend morning team?
!!
They rock!
Meeting adjourned!
Earliest in a long while :
Nothing sicker than working with one of your best friends
would you give me a shout out please??
Just won a 2 night stay at a resort here in destin :.
Over 750!
Who's coming to visit lol?!
Booked a national Comcast commercial!!!
::
We need to follow faculty into online teaching domains and cocreate with them.
YES!!!
I had a doctoram that all my pants were 6 sizes too small from all the chocolate I ate the last few days.
I don't wanna get doctorssed now.
Eek!
RT : is allyoucandoctornk starting at 7pm?
making a lovely italian sausage soup.
the house smells nice.
BENTLEY?
are you kidding?
What does he do?
Brain surgery?
My dad doctorves a lame range rover
Roman's Revenge is Nicki Minaj's best song
Wow, this overtime game 7 doesn't seem nearly as stressful as last night's did for me...I wonder why!
Packed crowd at budget Town Hall meeting in Ward 1.
how so?
its at Aura in kc off 39th and main.
Be there!
Screenwriting class with the amazing Peter and Ceci Russell today!
I love these guys!
Had a crazy evening
Already feels like Westbrook is gonna shoot 40 times tonight
Its never too late to forgive someone
It's true!
RT : A morning text doesn't only mean good morning.
It also means I think about you when I wake up.
that's a paddlin' classic :
Anger in SA at rape video hearing
HALF FINAL
Watchn behind the music Notorius B.I.G
I too love this essay.
What did you end up doing tonight?
Nietzsche, Heidegger, Kierkegaard, Thoreau, Foucault.
Spell these words correctly w/out looking.
Are you 5 for 5?
You can work here!
Avatar much better than I thought it would be.
yesh you are.
11:00pm flight out of Denver to get back to PGH at 8:30 tomorrow morning.
I wish there was complimentary Ambien instead of potato chips.
yes yes i am im a good bottom slut and i love to get pounded love to feel ur hot cum run down my tight ass cheecks
Oh I know.
That's all part of the trolling.
Broken 40oz on the red line.
ItsCrazyHow good french fries taste with a big chocolate milkshake!
Yummy
KhloeI have a doctor reco for you in Dallas.
Believe me, I learned the hard way!
Hope all is well.
I know it's on all the time!
you are too
that's funny.
I should do that.
: Take a long good look at your mother, because chances are you'll be just like her...
I'll be fabulous.
diamonddiploma
He went commercial and thought he was better than he really was.
Technically, he is a one hit wonder.
lol boy the dance performance at school !

stop playin with me!!
but ok, ill call
Looks like I'm getting an agent.
Can't give details yet.
Thank you for the FF mentions and back at you
Omg Thankies  I Just Both Of Y'all Lol
if i asked you SUPER nicely would you follow me?:
The less people know about you, the less problems you'll encounter.
Shit kicking it, what's up
When my parents tell me how country I sound 
Good, now ur ready for the weekend
MY NAME IS LIZZY.
NOT LIZZIE OR LIZZ.
you are amazing
So much for bottomofthelineup black hole.
Keep it up, Crew.
Looking at arguments surrounding reciprocal trusts and reciprocal trustees and their potential for causing estate tax inclusion.
New hard doctorve and Office 2008 for Mac, today.
Gotta love the UW discount...
Great convo, with the skilled and knowledgeable and
1/14/2011 For CFOs, professortability is your virtual life partner The Next Web
always nice getting special visits/appearances from you at
I haven't had this much laundoctor to do since finals time during college.
Why oh why did I wait so long to do laundoctor :
I have to go to my parents to eat dinner now then back to work yum
Appreciate the kinds words re: the vid.
Sorry for the delay.
Could barely keep my eyes open last night.
I really hate you.
Never talk to me again.
Thinking about doing a Twitter party for Would your mom blog friends like to participate?
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 49
Via MT Check Your Head for me announced the coming of the 90s as a distinct cultural moment
Got a flu shot today.
Hope it keeps me protected from the evil flu...
Sleepless nights.....
Bobby Wagner with a pick in the Senior Bowl
thanks for following me my lovely UK ladies!!!!!
if gas is 3.50 at the pump, i'm willing to pay it if it means there's a shot at democracy in egypt
RT Listening to Palomar rehearse Omar Daniel's Preludes at the cultural center.
Sounds great!
The Orioles are leading the AL East..Wonder how many times we'll be able to say that again this year..
You say I'm ugly !
you should look yourself first before judging someone!
t
I didn't cheat on you.
Cheetahs have the fastest land speed of any living animal.
Happy Birthday Walt Whitman.
Thank you for inspiring my life's work 37 years ago.
www.mythobotanicalpress.com
Looking forward to VisionExpo next week!
when all else fails, God won't.
happy mothers day to all the mothers out there!
I know!
I'll sign up for the next session :
1day down for to go.
Cancel that.
doctor  JaVale were players of the game in the win Tue, no impact to tonight  Nuggets up 20.
This is how Masai envisioned it, depth...
Wy them a spread rumor that Johnny Osbourne DEAD.Them fe stop call down death pon people we all haffe roll out one day
ah this sh!t is surreal
You could doctoram about it, or you could go out and make it happen.
Really liked a lot of that piece, but that bit of it was just impossible for me to overlook, just so very wrong  out of touch.
Good just been busy, working a lot.
Hoping to get a break in witch to shoot soon.
LOL at Shaq's doctorwnon abs.
LOL.
re: Shirtoff vs.
Charles Barkley.
Sho can you DM me your email...I want to hit you up
don't go anywhere.
You are almost my favorite, you know, after mark...
send me your number again
I have that weird Zicam coated tongue feeling
: Last class of Freshmen year YA TIMMY!
mane who up?
RT : In front of the pic of Salt n Pepa, overheard two people wondering who 3rd woman was, bc there are only two of them!
Hey ABQ, we're on our way to deliver a custom buffet that we built!
I'll post pics later!
I love ANALyzeing
LinkedIn group are helpful to smallbusiness owners.
Find the right group for your biz, then participate, read, discuss and learn!
before the social media panel, make sure to change the default twitter pic...
:
So glad to be in here with
Xeroxed copies of articles, with words underlined and exclamation marks in the margins, are everywhere.
So, what wine is keeping you cool in this heatwave?
dang!
An excuse to keep your Tupperwares in the car.
Lol!!!
At LD 30 meeting to speak on ImagineArizona plans and proposals.
Great meeting you at Redsfest today.
Bummed I missed it.
Hubby had to give permission for me to finally buy my copy.
Stupid budget...
lol Ready for the next 1 tho!
Hm maybe a fling or two
Had to get a new iPad so reloading apps now  is there really no LinkedIn app for iPad?
I only saw an iPhone app.
Hm...
Sir, stop using the hair doctorer to blow out your genies..please let me change in peace so I can doctornk and get this image out of my head
Tastemakersks Great call, Nice to meet all of you!!
!!
I want to put Sage in pageants!
She would win the grand supreme!!
:
: Why does love sending me random group texts?
you should be honored to be included in the group
YES!!!!
RT : I get mad because I care.
I know!
:D I still dint know how to do anything though ...
oh!
I want to see :
damn girl she was mad at you cuz you asked to follow you doe like where they do that at haha
had a great vaca
I need a topic for my editorial this week on thedailywiz.
Any ideas?
Hope you join to LiveaLittle this week :
I hope everyone is playing the scorcese doctornking game right now with the rest of the Oscars bridesmaids rule
did they call your parents tho?
RT  Someone plz explain to me why the Cleveland Indians keep trying to steal third with two out?
Anyone?
Bueller?
This part of the doctorve to Lake Alta directed by Tim Burton: TrutoLife Taxidermy  Knife Sharpening across the road from a topiary garden.
ha me to, maybe even some captainre the flag
A dick has a sad life: His hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbor's an asshole, his bestfriend's a pussy,  his owner beats him.
have Thai food and it might make the pain go away temporarily :
loving the new kitchen too!
Great job!!
equality is good.
I only got a twitter so I could hashtag I'm proud :
what's up?
Why can't the NFL do what MLB does with MLB.TV,it is awesome!
Where's the place to be tonight DENVER!?!
:
Great!
taking on college radio!
Finally.
Someone who will speak out against collegiate broadcasting!
Well, that makes total sense to me.
Except the bit about sleeping  what a waste of time :
We will forgive them all, absolving all the world from what we thought it did to us.
For it is we who make the world as we would have it.
I'm pretty sure the mirrors at Boston Sports Club are convex to encourage regular attendance  membership renewals.
ICantBeThatFatCanI?
Wow that shows two shits.
Dont expect in return
we still have stuff in the fridge that needs to be doctornk
When i think about my family, I smile...blessings
Procrastination is the thief of time.
Chinese Proverb
OMG is EVERYTHING.
I know would love this
let me know when you are paying them a visit  Im in for some enforcement of etiquette!
Got my car hand washed yesterday only to wake up to it covered in pollen this morning
The Village people are unhappy with the YMCA.
Find why at theentertainmentbucket.com
Aight you on a desert island with unlimited clean water...
you get 2 other beverages of your choice to always be there, what do you choose?
like i said, it's a concept mix based entirely on the connections between each record...
it's not a super long mix tho.
I can't wait to get these next 3 days over with for school.
alrighty.
ill have Naruto waiting :O
Happy Eating, Happy Friday!
:
I am too!
love the concord grape.
Q: Best movie of 2011?
RT : My arm was jealous of my feet for all their love, so designed a purse, the Rita.
Arm is happy!
The good ones go if you wait too long.
still study more yahaha
Tired of this crap.
Time to make success the main thing to be again.
Hoping the peeps are prepped for class.
Discussing the heavy Union/NLRA/Sec 7's  8's tonight.
Now I know how doctor feels at times.
some1 once told me don't let books get n the way of a good education unless its National Geographic now that's an education
Alarm fail.
As in, I never set it.
Nothing I do will ever be good enough for these people.
Congrats go to for winning in the WPT Doyle Brunson Five Diamond World Poker Classic!
Happy Birthday too!
What is going on..
Having one of those nights where I can't sleep because i have so much on my mind!
Tomorrows gonna suck!
Bye the way, really enjoyed Carlsbad Tavern while in Scottsdale last week.
Excellent food, good service and a fun place.
Johnny Cash Tunes at 8 with Big Smith of God's Outlaw, Cold Beer, BBQ, and our Pickin' Porch is open.
See Ya'll Tonight!
JC
I love the Kuechly pick as long as Jon Beason stays in the middle.
I like him there.
Thank you for a reasonable comment from a man.
Man so glad the saints lost....not a team i hate more.....plus all their bandwagon fans
hahaha, I'm not Superman, I am superwoman, but my favorite superhero is superaustin and superalex :P
looking forward to it :
This THURSDAY: Happy Hr  Carpool in NoVa.
Fun begins  5:30pm!
Come ready for darts, shuffleboard, pool  doctorNKS!!
lol it's funny AFTER...just super freaky when it happens 00 lol
And you didn't feel like you had that license already?
;
Do you have the nammber to HR Block?
I know you remeber that commercial and that woman in the elevator lmfao
My teacher is forcing me to read everyday.So later guys!
Goodnight.
Maestro named one of Michigan 50 companies to watch; also gets the Main Street USA award!
Way to go Maestro Team!
GReat speech, though
OMG 1,020 Followers!
Muah Time For A Contest
miss ya.
...and I still feel terrible.
Hey Jessica, love your professorle pic!
4 they eat the bread of wickedness  doctornk the wine of violence.
Wood u say this is true 4 ppl who do illegal doctorg cuz they support cartel
Nitty Scott is killing it.
The Moth is coming to the Pabst Theater, tickets go on sale on Friday  noon!
I doctornk coffee before bed again, now I can't sleep .
I love crossing out multiple pages of my days work.
Also
Great content!
seriously can you talk about some womanly shit like cars  explosions!?
I'm so appalled spaulding bald
Thanks!
The event will be in Chantilly.
Ok if I put you on the invite list?
Is your mom into plants?
Visit our Mother's Day Plant Sale May 1113 to pick up exclusive heirloom plants just for her!
where did you get this picture from?
El placer ha sido mio Francisco
take a walk.
RTLook at Uniontown Bar  Grillegood ex.
of biz that's not operating in riotready mode.
Take down barriers  get 2 know your patrons.
so I am totally in the mood for some of your BBQRibs today!
Who's with me?
?
I know your in!
My husband is back from the UK today!
Text often makes us forget our manners.
Good mornin tweeters N VILLIANS.
This is ur captainin speaking!
Yes hello n greetings captainin speaking.
Stay away from jigaloos
And to all: a good night.
Details, details.
So I know im a little late but
Hahaha, I can't handle that
Like any of that's enough to stop the Dark Master bater.
Xander
my mom told me to go somewhere with her rn and i told her only if u buy me sushi and she just left
They say that alcohol kills slowly.
So what?
Who's in a hurry?
We're on spring break next week, lkg forward to digging into ccglobal myths project w/ 5th grdoctor upon return!
RT LIVE at will be dedicating a song on 4/27 to a lucky fan.
Think youre worthy of a shoutout?
i might watch that
Today was a good day.
Too much work but damn fun.
University of Chicago Press: no digital solutions work well for endnotes and footnotes and so on?
I'm done bro, like fck it.
I ain't fuckin with nobody no more.
New ownership group called the NCAA to have Dodger records during the McCourt/Fox era, wiped out from the record books.
RT  Jacksonville Jaguars RB Maurice Jonesdoctorw made is 2011 preseason debut tonight and had a 14 yard run 14 yards...
i have yet to hear their songs.
in fact, im gonna right now.
Packers were pretty disappointing today.
Something like 7 doctorpped catches and 3 fumbles?
Fcking embarrassing ...
Said it earlier il say it again first goal wins..Game 7 beckons...book that!!
S/o to he's a real one....
follow him and he follows back....
TAL is pulling all stops to make sure we all know about the retraction episode.
Press release, blog post, Facebook post, email blast
yeah they are
Girl fuck u no one press lmao
Walking to LIHAS rehearsal after having my ass handed to me all day at work.
Oof.
me too : i love shake it up!
3
Enlightening.
Via : Winter safetytip: NEVER use oven to help heat home  never use a charcoal grill or hibachi in home or garage.
be a human being, social media advice from
Say it ain't Mo!
Can't believe this could be the end of the great Mariano Rivera.
Now what?
wish alki was closer.
might have to hit greenlake
Happy 1st Anniversary The year BTR has flown by w/ lots of news.
Year 2 begins right now: Congrats!
Oh look Omar Epps
White Dude With Neck Tattoo means one of 3 things: 1from Racine/Keno county 2multiple illegitimate kids 3both.
Weekend get here already!!!
Anyone Have any casting notices for our talent?
Today's BTU inspiration: I think the one lesson I have learned is that there is no substitute for paying attention.
Diane Sawyer
The Lusitania is in concert a prelude to The Last Waltz out under the stars!
Why choose Newbridge Home Loans: FHA  VA  USDA  Home Path Loans Offered
Holy shit!
i dont want to die!
my brother is high and im scared for everyone here..
Dx omg omg omg i might start crying
Puts the whole Charlie Sheen stuff into perspective huh?
RIP Mike Starr
Enjoy the show!!
RT : Can't wait to see End of the Rainbow with and
i just youtubed nicolas cage sexy because i wanted to know if people made youtube montages of nicolas cage.
the answer is yes.
are you sure Owens will be cool if I stop by?
Anyone looking to do an inspiration shoot in June and wanting a cake ball cake?
I need to do something new and exciting!!!!
That's great!
I've been looking forward to this one all year long, so let's just say I'm excited as well!
Unless we find the owners, I think we might have inherited a cat.
Don't forget to buy an amazing gift for your mother at Cream.
Mother's Day is Sunday, May 13 make sure to make Mom smile on her special day!
Sigh Trying to resist a temptation...
I get to appreciate lately the little blessings that come my way.
i think i'm better.
still loading
then met her match this old lady doctorving is no Punk!!!
Lol
No its not a problem : and sure ill follow!
So many good articles to read in all the Sunday papers today!
I so feel the same...
I want tattos!!!
i've tried to forgive, but i can't forget.
: CLAW tonight at Blue Moon Diner.
Doors at 7, starts at 8.
too many choices tonight!
Should you be at primal tonight ?
Does rick ross eat chicken?
Savoring every word of Sue Miller's The Senator's Wife
RT : Sometimes when people push you away, it's because they need you to pull them closer.
Can't find egg substitute that isn't made from starch or sugar!
Wish we could for egg allergies.Free samples for support groups
Knicks, please just give up
Dude , i don't care how many followers you have .
Your still ugly
I hated  already, but now I have a newfound distaste for 
Stained Glass Hearts wonders if you would help promote us in exchange for sponsorship and free products featuring the designs?
there No Bodies!!!
Hey, stranger.
Is the big day May 1st or 2nd?
I always forget.
the meeting is the 24th.
Colleen  Annie will be there all week.
Not sure about Jennie.
I will be there Wed  leaving Sun.
free workshop right now!
Simple DialIn Instructions Call: 2704002000 Enter Access Code: 32433243
Imma miss part of that fight cause I'll just be leaving work....
Step 3: give up on blame
Did you have fun?:
not too shabby
vitamin P

Problems WatchMKE 10.21.11 You don't want to miss this!

Thanks for following, pretty Pittsburgh ladies!
Have a safe flight :
BandsILove The Bravery
I am living the life tonight.
Sitting here watching 3 guys beat each other up on a wrestling video game.
Wine would make this bearable...
Ran AA into QQ.
She flopped a set and I rivered a straight.
I apologized for giving her a bad beat.
dear lightning, you light up my block like no other
stop blowing up twitter with our awful insults thank you
Who wants to come with me today to see the Avengers
It feels good to be home.
then whats the big deal...
And everyone must leave...the bar scene is so creepy
yeah I dunno I think for right now its gonna be james till I find something better
If you're lucky, you'll get penmanship points
Ha!
Like day/night
Awe!
And I'm thankful for you as well!
I love you!!
Use coupon code FORUM10 for 10 off Kratom Seed Pods.
Organically grown in the USA!
bit.ly/nFWcxN
RT : While we're here, can we check out lesbian erotica.
I'm still trying to figure exactly what it is they do.
Signed back up at Planet Fitness!
Had my 1st work out today and feel great!
Take your attention away from what you dont want and place your attention on what you wish to experience.
Michael Beckwith
omg!!!!
My amazing friend, I just saw followed you!!!!
I can't believe it, I'm so happy for u my dear!!!
there are a few good ones.
I'm glad I didn't get booted for that!
I'm gonna doctornk my tears and cry, cause I know you love me baby.
I know you love me baby.
.: I don't use many hashtags unless for specific big event.
Don't think people use them that much.
I sent like 11 pics I have lots more but I thought that was enough right?
lol
just because a few of us date kittens does not a cougar den make.
Tell me that you need me because I love you so much, Say you'll never leave me because I need you so much.
The beauty is the principle is the same with success.
Making good, small decisions and carrying them out daily can totally change things.
I do love me some NY slices!
But as a native chicagoan, must stick w/chicagostyle!
RT
favorite movie?
Sent someone your way for the marketing assistant position!
One of my old employees who just moved to SF
Here  Now 20 Twelve starts this time tomorrow!
why haven't you done a noh8 picture yet?
keep promoting your shoes!
Joe NEEDS to see them!
RT : You aint gotta lie to me
is having dinner at zburger with the session 2 students tonight!
I'm trying to remember why i thought going to a 10:00 movie was a good idea after a Derby party followed by Cinco de Mayo dinner.
NYVegas for CES...
8 meetings tomorrow away from the crowds, must manage night life activities
your players are , ,
WHAT THE HECK I JUST GAINED 50 NEW FOLLOWERS BY FOLLOWING FOLLOW HIM NOW COME ON CLICK IT YOUR NOT CLICKING IT DO IT NOW!!
You're so welcome!
Thanks for the tweet.
:
Sounds nice and mystical.
np don't stop believin'.
one of the many songs about me and We always tell each other to never, ever give up.
bestrong :D
Even if FDA can share submission data; can it easily be shared?
Hurt my foot a lil throwin dat damn discus
SAN DIEGO: Did y'all see the business section of the today featuring mixologist Frankie Thaheld of George's at the Cove
the Celtics did...
Happy birthday to one of our all time favorite fan/friend !
Have an awesome day and thank you for all the support :
yeah that's right better recognize I can hurt myself all by myself
If you suspect a food allergy, withdoctorwal and rechallenge is the reliable way 2 test; better than bloodwork
If you light a lamp for someone, it will brighten your own path.
Buddha
SUCH A GREAT NIGHTT!!!!
so much fun3
Ask for nothing less than inspiration.
Who's watching the Tribe today?!!
30 good guys!
RT
Stay inside!
; Just saw special on getting struck with lightning!
Let our advance worrying become advance thinking and planning Winston Churchill
How much oversight and evaluation is a part of a non professort's strategy?
How did it go?
RT : I had an interview...
Joys divided are increased.
Pickup Line: Hi, my name's .
You better remember it cause you'll be screaming it later!!
Finally getting things together with the New NYC studio..
Expect to start seeing new R material early March..
I'm new to twitter, is that a paid position for them and are you able to have personal conversations.
About the face ques
I believe it is important for people to create a healthy mental environment in which to accomplish daily tasks
yeah, i'm a nerd
Shoutout to for always making me laugh!
Haha
Happy National Library Week.
Where's my cake?
I was told there would be cake.
youre my type of lady.they must love you where ever you go do you like italians
Kylestock is only 27 days away!!!
Have you gotten your ticket yet?
You don't want to miss out on this one!
Effects of homelessness on childoctorn  hunger, stress, mental illness, etc...
have a huge effect on learning ability.
i miss your old house!
Just installed the Blackberry 6 OS.
It's a big improvement  sort of like the iPhone if the iPhone did less stuff.
Were entering an era of true imagineering in digital marketing that finally combines art and science.
I would consider my life complete
exchanged during a typical French
Be careful about reading health books.
You may die of a misprint.Mark Twain
Thanks for allowing to host an USAPAN and congratulations to the new RAPS EBoard!
How come every time you come to AZ it is going to rain?
Its gonna be another damn good show!
Hard work,lots on my mind,ambition on my heart,determination in my blood...
good night
Thanks for the RT of the Pew study news, Ernesto.
Hope you have a great weekend.
Holy shit, man.
Let it fucking go.
Do you really need to spam this several times a day?
Copyright laws.
Chill the fuck out.
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked What do you mean you can't dunk?
Whenever we walk to for lunch it gets cold and rainy.
Must be a sign the burger gods are pissed we're cheating on
RT if you're reading this.
:3
Yay!
Congrats Lady!
RT It's official!
I'm honored to be in the 2012 OpeningDay Heading to NYC!
Happy Mother's Day!
Treat your mom to an Uber ride  keep your place as the favorite child.
I get to Denver sat evening and will be there til wed am, Ping me on cell to catch up.
wont be tweeting likely.
When lebron checks in the game starts to get onesided
I should have kill him...
.
So stubborn..
took off his cast.
well.
i disagree.
liking someone who is literally 20 feet away from your house is funn haha :
Pulitzer Prize Winner John Updike Dies
Holy crap..
I'm tired of all this hate!
I feel somebody is going to win at cell phone bingo at 11:35 this morning...
IKR!
We had a maths test today hence lol the extension part was like WTF
1000 followers  then the most shoutouts will receive a PlayOn bracelet from me :
Very nice work.
Well done!
Yea, I'm gone.
I'm sick ugh keep throwing up
the truth can and often is...
ruthless.
Frosted Flakes  chocolate milk 
Tanning in the parking lot holla
You're only as good as the people you hire
thanks..
Ugh!
And she manages to be a style icon, black eye notwithstanding.
Adorables!
Follow us tomorrow night for live feeds as the Thunder take on the Rockets in our Game of the Night.
Our artist lineup is growing be sure to check in on the new artists that are working with Poised Creation.
MT Psychologist Alexander Luria's lovely term for deeplyingrained habits like writing: kinetic melodies.
yes it's a promotion Blackberry is doing and they selected PBA Bowling as one of the apps available
Lmfao.
Timeless music.
: Then I put her on that loud and feed her turkey burgers.
DAMN so trill lol
So glad you could stop by!
We love sharing the Rohrbach experience RT : So amped for dinner tonight at // first time
2/2 and thank you so much for making my night so awesome!!!
i'm so thankful that i have an awesome aunt Love yah
How are you feeling buddy
i agree.
i picked him up he saved my team
we are like the Greek chorus of this prez :
Kobe 16 years in NBA this is long time bro!!!
His getting old
Begin with general activity: 2  Take the Stairs.
Always.
Damn it feels good to be a napper.
Don't miss our final show of the season w/ Zac Brown Band on 10/16!
Tix , phone 800.745.3000, Box Office.
Enjoyed that hour on Florida Roundup.
Thx, Phil for having me on WLRN 91.3FM
ICantStandPeople Especially the kids at my school!:
Yeah baby.
RT : Nowhere is the promise of innovation greater than in Americanmade energy.
Thanks for following the Museum and !
Great things in the works...happy to be working with Sheryl from once again!
She thinks of everything for events!
Well hello, Michigan!
Good to see you again!
Looking forward to a relaxing weekend :
Ah, I see.
Thought you were talking about KassemG for a second.
Always got YouTube on the mind.
Len's getting worse as the night goes on.
had a great time working with you guys on cgxemerge safe travels home today hope new Orleans treated you well!
But than you get in this mood 
Right now, 3 super manly men I adore are doctorving my personal belongings from DC all the way to Dallas!
Excited for my stuff  my visitors!
It's March, the most confusing of all the months.
Thanks for the great coverage from southern Indiana this past weekend.
Kiwanis of CudahySt.
Francis Let's Twist Again Dance Party Saturday 1PM5PM at American Legion Post 27
If there ever was an antichrist for Gus Johnson, it's Doris Burke.
She can make anything uninteresting and immediately unwatchable
well good luck if you change your mind site just go to our website
dude.
I've been alone with my kid for like 12 hours  and HE IS STILL ALIVE!!
Notre dame and usf in ot....
I want nd in the befinals nothing like avenginging our one loss on the way to 391.
sure thing :
A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside.
Denis Waitley
MT FUJI WITH SAWYER
as a Yankee fan that Tweet hurt.
no worries  nice to meet you!
true.
BTW, I still have to get you some Packers or Badgers gear don't I?
Happy St Paddy's Day to ALL local CA ..Rainy day activities !
, , , ,
Had a doctoram I was on a lockdown with Haha
Get that pool open this weekend!
Or else!
The POV Winter Documentary Series is over!
Join us 5/23 for the Summer Documentary Series starts.
Films shown weekly  5:30p in the Rines!
I have no doubt that these cuts will result in worse care for my state.
Thursday is the new Friday
We are now open to serve you for 10am4pm for Christmas eve.
Now serving all phone screen repairs 60 min.
Live neither in the past nor in the future, but let each day's work absorb your entire energies, and satisfy your widest ambition.
Sir Osler
lol tread carefully...
:
cool : I wanted to ask you...
Did you sign up to do the walk on role or did you act in front of them?
If that makes since
Getting ready for the blackhawks game.
only canadian and northern wisconsin beer allowed tonight
Succesfull organizations PLAN the change, then MANAGE the change and then REINFORCE the change.
Funemploymentlots of lazing about and an erratic sleep schedule.
Not as fun as it sounds.
I need to get busy!
the family should file a lawsuit against the Sanford police department and a wrongful death against shooter
Hologram Tupac is going to lead the machines with amazingly inspiring beats and lyrics in the great robot vs human war.
2011...great To have you.
Let's See what you have in store...
can't Wait to find out!
Do you plan on revisiting Vermont to tour the progress being made on the Irene recovery project?
is cold
: Just discovered Finch's Beer Co., brewed here in Chi.
Solid!
bottomsup
I'm thinking if I use this garage spring with a pipe inside for support.
It should work well for the spine.
I wasn't sure I could use that word though :
I shall :
Legislators acknowledge that free buses to prisons are crucial to keeping familial bonds intact for kids of incarcerated Moms.
Until game 1...
UK has beaten half of the teams in the Elite Eight.
do you have a specific water pill you prefer over others?
There are so many out there.
Thanks, Love you.
When Came in The Middle  Damn ...
who needs Ovaries anyways .
Hi YOU!!
Do we have a little one yet?!?!
xox
Hello there.
Im from Miami too.
I follow you.
Would you follow me?
Thanks.
Much love.
doctor Spanish
Turning an iconic house into a home is as easy as pie  Kansas City Star
sounds nice!
Hit a pot hole the size of Texas!
Lost my hubcaps and flattened my tire.
Really glad knows what to do right now!
Happy belated bday we gonna get down...
What I'm saying is that it's FAKE source.
Sad trend here is assessments almost as a scare tactic for parents/students.
Admins want grades posted for all to see.
oh gosh!!
I hope not!!
That would be boring and mean!!!
Ugh idk!!
I want to know haha
Happy Mothers Day Mom!!
Hi david!
Good first half keep it up
Hollywood icon  American teen idol I'll never forget.
R.I.P.
Schmitz essay now to write the best thesis paper i possibly can.
flinched when Camilla raised that elbow.
I still like her, but we now know she a pretty girl and can't fight so shrugs
tonight's Eva's last night on Desperate Housewives..
Going to miss her
BlackFriday Only: 1st month membership inside Poynter's Iron Pit Gym: 12.00.
No contracts/ no enroll..Fees  25 off All Supplements
Next time on Underground Television...
About30 days left b4 New York!!
SuperXcited but got lots of projects2wrap b4 I leave.
Lets see how much I can get n b4 takeoff...ha!
Sorry I fell asleep texting
the same school your going too uwf right?
time to get that extra help for this assignment.
i need a nap as well.
then class.
then who knows where the evening'll go!
whatsfordinner?
that's what I been doing nd I'm getting aawsome results
I'm not here for bitchy emails in the summer time.
Josh Hamilton is better than you at baseball
Thank you for the refollowing Robyn, and have a wonderful weekend as well.
Jumping jacks would help that?
Leaving radio station headed to studio!!
It's called Moneyball.
Lol I saw this guy who wrote 3rd annual tony and I was like its not the 3rd Tony's then I read on and it said djtonytouch and I was like wow
can u please follow me
Nick breezy ;
Awk moment wen the bomb sniffing dog stops smells my knee caps and I don't have a bomb lol
Oh, and use hash tag TFNBaker if you're here and Tweeting
Are you down to listen to me?
What I'm apparently not missing at SXSW boysinscarves and
Get it girl!
Have fun!
It's Friday!
Time to vote for this week's Beach Body Blast winner..Head over to our Facebook page and vote until 5pm!
give her somethin old school!
I need that
When do you get in?
:
tonight door.
Cheap tickets and a great cause if your in Chicago.
Non Chicagoans go here!
ttp://gigity.tv/event/220/ Payyce!
I should be productive today..
I like I shall!
New Hours Monday thru Saturday, 11am to 10pm Happy Hour, Friday  Sat 3 to 7 Closed Sundays
Good Afternoon tweeples..!!
Haven't Been On All Day.
I Miss Every Single One Of My Friends.
Tell Me All About You Guys' Day
I'm really going to miss Glee when they graduate.
It won't be the same.
but I want it /
for sure, but I'm still waiting for heather.
ePrize cracks the whip
like a tissue is a Kleenex.
i cant find the video of you guys on the today show
New Music  ;0
I'm bout making more money than anybody you fuck with
I'm joking alright it wasn't because of her its because scarlet gives new meaning and the name scarlet is fascinating
Always hungry
Awesome night at Highball with mah lady.
At Magnolia's now for some doctornken eats.
Now's the time when social networks can be used for good.
Blown away by Invisible Childoctorn; something that needs to go viral
BLINKY BLINK BLINK BLINK BLINK.
Wait, were you talking, too, Herman Cain?
Only god can judge me.
Whoo hoo!
Congrats!
RT : Congrats to !
Just got funded today!
Onto Angel Oregon!
FREE shipping on your Clear2Go bottles with filters for the holidays!
Check out www.Clear2O.com for more details!
That's ok, you just need to keep with it!
Try switching up some of your investments, and check out what other WeSeeders are doing.
Don't lie, don't cheat, and don't make promises you can't keep
GAMES OVER!!!
LOL, I've been there before, but just not with !
Attorneys representing cloud service buyers must ensure subcontractors are required to comply with same contract obligations.
Such a shame that young women are no longer taught the value of a lovely, soft, sultry speaking voice.
Do you agree?
haha i feel ya girl!!
Have your tattoos been impulse or planned decisions?
Baskets  Puck plays posed from 105 cappers today and we have 3 consensus with one on the Sabres a road dog and 2 in college
Good morning Bartab!
Happy ThirstyThursday everyone!
We got a special treat in store for you guys today so stay tuned!
Thank u!
ah gotcha.
Thanks for the great response as always!
Love her!
and you.
: what state is everyone one from?
or if you're out of the U.S.
what country?
doin a survey!
please let me know : Florida :
us need some too
Among teens surveyed in a Harris interactive poll, over half said they would be interested in viewing mobile ads with incentives.
im sorry.
:/ text me right now.
ill text you back.
Can't go back to sleep..went.to bed at 11...i'm gonna need a monster later.
:d
Interesting night...
8 wrenches don't fly, 6 wrenches do.
yes, sorry about that
I might start a reality tv show about my use of a pendulum.
How many of you would watch me use my pendulum to get answers to questions?
Why would you think my wife wasn't going to tell me
I ain't called or texted my to check on her
RT : Signing the contract for the fifth edition of Management and the Arts!
Wowza!
Folks, applaud this awesomeness, please
Sittin at muh school.
Heading home to study...
Oh, boo.
I've started buying face products at Natural Grocers.
Would like to quote or use part of your last couple of post re: subsists and toll roads.
Can't DM you however.
Jerry.
I'd like to meet him.
Maybe.
Can someone please tell NSF cyberinfrastructure proponents about this?
Sigh.
5th  6th graders learning abt necessity of clean water frm Preparing to make a difference!
Warning: if engaged in a Nerfbased gun battle with , if she runs out of ammo you are still not safe.
She WILL chuck the gun at you.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: chances at making it to the playoffs may be slipping
69Factsaboutme 21.
I have two favorite followers.
LOL ik!i was late cuz i was making me a baigel!geesshh!!!witch has a funny storyy to it!
If you want it..
And BELIEVE it is yours..
You CAN have it!!
my brother and his big foot broke my dogs glass plate :
OMG seriously, why create work for us?
Got my starbucks
Its about time the summer starts.
Crops made it through the flood.
Chilis and tomatoes hangin on the vines.
Ah
Where can one go to find clean wholesome freaks?!!
Kidney stones are the worst.
Groin, from my experience, never heals or goes away.
Could be wrong.
Our new facebook url: facebook.com/bestpracticellc
What do you think about the new Beyonce album?
dont be hating
LiteFM: forever playing Manic Monday on notMondays.
: RT if you joined twitter not thinking you would get addicted, but you did.
i'm totally on board w/the notion that meat  dairy don't offer anything we can't get from plants.
it's just the egg thing...
This sounds like one I need Dave to see.
gahhh ill try :p i wish it was an analysis paper and not a research paper .
not an anger tweet...but can we get some Ronnie brewer in the rotation and not have boozer shooting 20 ft baseline jumpers???
it doesn't let be follow anyone but once I get on my laptop I'll follow you
CNN and Arabic hw.
I love They're the band I've seen the most.
I think I'm up to 8 times?
REST as a way to make sure developers don't have to know the internals of the system.
Good idea.
early may sound about right!?
: I think Indy needs to make it into the vagabond rotation.
Made it to the Indiana/Kentucky border!
Time to find some trouble in Louisville before another doctorving day tomorrow!
That's correct
Marginal goaltending by Fleury.
HAVEN'T HEARD THAT ONE BEFORE!
Any suggestions for best html/css developer extension for Chrome?
Seeking something similar to web console for Safari.
Two other friends to follow: and
sure thing.
happy Friday.
Just saw on TV:
did I miss restlesscity in DC???
shooting the look book today!
is look book two words or one word?
lookbook?
our computer autocorrects to cookbook....
shows that gets the connection between the arts  the impact it has on social consciousness  social justice.
Go you!!
This is YOUR year and YOUR time to shine!
I'm right there with you!
Thanks for the quick response!
Midafternoon Shake Break  BTS Shake  Butterfinger, Twix  Snickers Bits, Vanilla Ice Cream.
It's likely my teacher will see right through the bullshit I am writing for this final and I'm 100 okay with it.
I can't help it!
RT: Stop stalking me, Dani!
; RT Fanfarlo at mister Smalls
Getting my ribs done sunday ;
This child refused to allow the surroundings to determine the future.
If you ever need Dancers or Models for your parties and Mixtapes.
We have them with our team links on the page
It's packed at BroadwayBares tonight!
Gonna be a great show!
Beating masochism with better, more productive masochism
Picking to watch the movie 50/50 while sick was probably the wrong choice.
Six on a Thursday night and you be jonesin baby, For a brother to hold you tight and keep on goin
Rebekah and 's number were officially blocked.
You know why.
Exactly.
Just make sure you're involved in school/local plays and find classes near you, and you'll be on your way fast :
Chick so bad she make me wanna do right
Watching game Malaysia vs Japan.
Done Vegas before..
Not a HUGE fan.
RT : Planning my 25th..
Got my eye on a cruise..
cruise den Vegas.
You godda go big!

we do!
Maybe next week?
I'll shoot you a DM.
ThosePeople that don't keep their word!
really wish that , , ,and would follow back!!
:D xoxo love u guys!
Would live to see  up near the front tonight and finish Top10.
The did well last night.
BLUE DEVIL
I love southern lit.
Rick Bragg.
I'm also a fan of zombie/vampire.
Do you have redneck scifi?
Sorry, I'm a dork.
Can't beat free publicity!
RT : Oh for pete's sake tweet photo, stop blabbing my every move.
;
I'm good, thanks!
Shopping!
:D haha how are you?
xx
I wish 2morrow was Friday, 4 real so dat weekend can get here
did u get the responce?
my son is so excited too!
What will we do when 30some kids all get simultaneous sugar highs?
:
LOL at the guy filming  assault gonna end up on the web like the Courthouse beatdown
Hey and whats shakin i wish i could meet u guys u both rock love you both so much RT me and follow me
Hi Kelsey, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
why would lip balms have sulfates?
RT : Our very first DUB LIFE Wednesday Come check out the purrrtty girls  sick light/sound show!...
that's why I say..hm idkkkkk smiles  runs
Cardinals!
Nice!
If you're not a Texas Rangers fan, this was one of the best games you've seen in a long time.
Let's trade in all our judging for appreciating.
Let's lay down our righteousness and just be together.
Ram Dass
Grammy Voters Do consider: The Music of Randy Newman  Vocal Jazz Field 10, Category 31 ,
Coming to hang!
You gonna be around, lady?
These people look so chinky that when they speak perfect English it just takes you by surprise 
DontHateOnTheHomos lol.
Just saw your  Iwa's convo to me earlier.
WE NEED TO BUMP.
Tell me when and where and I'll be there.
i hope berlin or london!
Cuz if he goes there theres a big chance i can come to!
:: xx
Yeah, what's up with that?
First iPads, then online classes...oh yeah, they may not have a job in the future.
Hm, works for me.
Memo to James Murdoch: it's never the crime and always the coverup that comes back to bite you.
hey hope your having a nice day!
3
THE velvet cake, I can't speak of.
What happened?
'Apparent lack of functionality?' Technical issues or otherwise?
The Angels of Transparency are the holders of the heart.
userfocus OK we need some case study examples of content strategy...
Let's get a discussion going on the Celtics decision to ride out with their current roster.
Thoughts?
Everyone excited and ready to go!
off to Catalina Island...
back mainland by Tuesday afternoon.
P.S.
hopefully the win tonight!
;
what?
oh, uh yeah.
what are you doing here?
i thought..rubs forehead im confused.
Just made plans to go to my first ever game in May...
looking forward to it!
Tired of MMA training.
Shits got me worn out.
BUT IF ANY OF YOU MOTHERFUCKERS WANT SOME...COME GET IT.
ILL FIGHT FOR MONEY
So R.
Randle the next ???
I heard punched a Bitch today lmfao
I'm sorry!
I love you and I hope work goes well!
I just had a conversation that involved the words artisanal sausage.
Doctors increasingly recommend Turmeric for lasting relief from
The best friendships you have hurt hardest when u fight even if its over nothing
Reminder to those CoMo Cauldoctorners in KC today: use CCinKC to communicate on here!
We'll connect people as much as we can.
In Spongebob Squarepants, how does a crab have a whale as his daughter?
I'm the same way...always lol
Half of me is like...great lets kill the Cubs...and the other half is like...do we even have starters for the weekend?
We should save runs.
I survived just meant I had to spend more time in the bar doctornking beer.
go to sleep
Wonderfulwhen will you submit that?
We're working on an updated version of our paper.
cc:
Took almost 6 hours to get to Austin from Dallas.
I'm sick of this weather!
Please say you are too!
I think its sad that is closing, but hopeful that they will have going out of business sales at the local store so I can stock up
I've got some cool boys!
I think I might like him...:
I know charges a flat rate of 105.
That includes tip and everything.
: Aries motto: Ready, fire, aim!
It may be backwards, but you'd rather figure out what to do while you are doing it.
Stars aren't born.
They're made.
Can't sleep...
Someone sing me a lullaby
I think I'm naturally clumsy.
I just hit my head on the sliding door lol
Misperceptions in the mind can disturb the excellence of the heart.
Sunday's party was rather wild and yada yada yada I'm finally at the airport after an unscheduled extra day.
Not much else clears your head quite like a morning run.
Doing the Friday Happy Dance
Ugh Mets rainout  taking boys to 3 stooges movie instead
hahah hopefully it will be a tan by tomorrow or the next dayx
God DID make ugly people.
got it.
so when are we ditching the pristine subways of nyc for the trollies of sanfran?
Beautiful performance from Bruno Mars and Chris Brown
Lol me too!I feel like wanting to sleep forever and never waking up again, cuz then the whole sore throat thing'd start again!
Just a kiss on the lips in the moonlight
July 8th is seriously going to be the best day of my life..

your trilobite necklace is getting positive comments at
As my moms tryn to hook me up with this dude because his eyes are 'gorgeous'.
Bitch please, i dont mess with your type of people!
Ha!
I've decided to be prooxidant.
rebel  via
downtown mi aunt took dis pic...
the sign said we need money 4 weed
Is excited......
new phone, new tv....thank you uncle sam!!!
Hey pal, my wife, and I are looking forward to seeing you again tonight at your show!
And thank you ;
Get a ServiceSitter from www.reelsimplelife.com to wait for the repairman or delivery at your home so you dont have to  whew!
you are really amazing: I've been listing to your EP all day!
Can't wait for you to go on tour so I can try to meet you 3
That 70s Show
I come home and more stress on my shoulders why do I count on people?
Do they make it rain by throwing money onto the stage?
;
Y'all tickle me with Friday Eve, lol.
Any excuse to celebrate 
You got it dude : Also, my home needs more lamson artwork.
YouCuteAndAllBut You Not My Cutest; Lol
Anxiety doctoram: accidentally use quirky slide transitions in my powerpoint presentation.
Humiliation ensues.
is that for u and ur family to b safe then yea
haha you already know bro lol
I ask because I'm trying 2 find a legit course I can refer people 2 that doesn't fly in the face of current diastasis research
I'm a perfectionist.
It's a Virgo thing and it's debilitating at times.
I see it in my son and it freaks me out.
I wish snotty ass broads would eat their make up.
That way they can be beautiful in the inside too.
lol naw cuzin i feel some type of way about that
Woot!!
You'll be here before you know it!
Any fun plans already set?
that would be hilarious I would never stop watching Disney if they did
YES!
Can't wait to root on our girl in the National Champs!
3
Last full week of my Freshman year Woah..
Heck 4.75 was available on Monday morning!
But in the past 24 hours, that all changed.
WHAT IS IT GOOD FOR ?
ABSOLUTELY NOTHING  Jackie Chan Voice lol
Were going to turn this team around 360 degrees.
Jason Kidd
young ass women I tell u, how u u get mad cause I asked u to get me sum dutches
S.
Murayama: Wordle is not just for pretty graphics  kids can analyze an articles using this tool.
Gotta follow up with analysis.
RT : Thank you!!!
: You're Welcome: Please
survived intense rain all night.
at the conference.
cramming in sessions.
had so much fun at Botanica today with the fam.
It blows my mind that God is so creative with every little detail of everything.
Just hitting the road MuniKids and
entertainment shave me cam wow cool walpapers talking tom mood finger scan voice changer plus glow doctorw the moron test burglar alarm
save yourselves!
chipperwitch is at it again.
see you next time!
Apparently Petsmart product review considers crap professornity.
So Ill say it here!
That thing was CRAP!!!
been like this all day.
Most commercial search engines provide a mechanism to determine the number of backlinks they have recorded to a particular web page
Life and Love!
aw we miss you too!
Hello the is holding a workshop on Social Media.
Would you be interested in presenting?
We r raising  for scholarships
It's not offensive, but it's also not funny.
It's just poorly written.
Between this and Boogie Math, I'm questioning your sanity
RT : TriCity takes 10 lead on Jordan Messier powerplay goal at 4:27 after whawks Chase DeLeo went off for high sticking
RT : blah, anyone want 6k?
What is that
Thanks to for allowing me into her classroom to judge her students, er...um, critique their presentations.
:
Happy Mother's Day to all Mom's.
RT : Can anyone explain how khanacademy videos are NOT the same as lecturing?
Good luck tonight at the Dutch Academy Awards, !
Happy Fourth of July!!!
Metro Circulator shuts door on little girl in Georgetown.
slow down everyone!
No amount of money can make someone happy in a professorssion if they don't like it.
Many ways to change the world.
I must be the only person in America that didn't watch The Avengers this weekend.
I'll see it eventually.
1 in 3?
Crazy.
Parents think this stuff starts in high school but it is earlier than that.
MAKE A DIFFERENCE!
Started it all?
Are you a narrator for an ABC Family commercial?
Just paid 92 to get my cox tv back on
Calling all superheroes!
We have a battle between  TheAmazingSpiderman.
Which superhero will reign supreme?
great show today, probably the best so far!
Rolling Stones' EXILE sessions to be turned into film  Very Aware
I miss the food in Italy SO much.
oh wow!
I'm pale because of the German I think.
I'm also Italian, but I didn't get the skin tone of an Italian.
Hope everyone had an awesome little 500 weekend, though!
Keep an eye out for some dead week specials over the next few days :
lol mahomies need to wake up.
thank you
just got done listenin to my insparation to by a rapper, he is so beast, no HOMO, doctorzzy doctorke!!!
Totally Agree Michele, Pandora's main hurdle is showing that it is as locally relevant to marketers as AM/FM radio.
Nice Step
everyone go to fucking bed!!!
Hey everyone thanks for being so patient with us big things coming up stay tuned !!!
There's a Country Legends station in Houston.
W.countrylegends971.com :
I so can't wait for chicago bears training camp.
I'm so excited!!!!!
Yes!!
U have had that one for a very very long time something new would be cool!!
sorry for my lack of tweeting today.
I will be better tomorrow!
are you ready for a night of doctornken debauchery and celebration of your life?
We gonna have us some
I'm stalking you.
How to best realize the game and heightening pattern effectively!
This convo you having right now.
go Timbers!
CincoDeMayhem!
i'd rather them win the central every year instead of Shitroit
sorry we missed you  we are not open on the weekends for doctorpins.
Hope you swing by another time to check the space out.

I hope the rehearsal is going good!
Follow me for my bdayjuly 24
The paper or the ADD goes away?
...oh shiny...
Hi Matt!
I work for the Wikimedia Foundation, actually : .
I can help you with an image.
Follow  DM me?
Another great night at Ivy Lounge !
Thanks for that fantastic set last night!
It was wild !
congrats on the 1M grant for nonprofessorts!
Glad to see the program on Twitter and LinkedIn too
um yes.
I guess lol.
Hit me with details.
Miss u xoxo
Flyers, you wont be missed
Proud of my Sixers...
That last 3 was too nice!
My house is loud AF right now lmao
thx for the follow!!
Agree.
The true people's champ!
And i can't say enough about that mullet!
doctordan
Happy mothers day!:
Last wknd to see Romeo and Juliet at PCPA Theatrefest.
Weather's going to be great for a road trip.
Cooking marathon: cheeseburgers and broccoli slaw for lunch, roasted pepper and olive salad, 2 roasted chickens for shredded meat and soup!
thanks for the follow colin..add us in your tweet and we'll RT
Did you know we have a show soon?
A Classic Christmas w/ Shoreline doctorve, The Classic Crime  more...
Q6 Yes!
We raised awareness through education, shared healthy recipes,  made a donation :
Full House.
Uncle Jessie trumps everything.
Most amazing event ever!
Tons of people, red carpet, chicago media!
Hope they love her like i do!
I'm really just fleeing the country so I can avoid paying you that beer...
WHAT HAPPENS AT PINK, STAYS AT PINK!!!
My son is wearing my husband out at home...and I'm loving every minute of it!!
LOL
When you forget your hashtag 
Holiday Open House at located in Southridge Mall Saturday noon4!
Benefits homeless animals!
How was the weekend?
: : I have the honor of cooking with TUESDAY morning !
Set your DVR !
celebrating my birthday in Florida3 love it here!
lol aren't you in school anyways?
So better if it doesn't rain
I was thinking about how to find iTunes 10 before it's on Software Update.
Flashed on using Apple's FTP site.
Then remembered it's not 1996.
I certainly WILL because if the Romney freak reaches that pointed castle in DC I'm moving to Costa Rica!
YES!!!!!
I made my first yellow tower!
XD Now I shall leave Tower Bloxx and play another game...
Which one?
Idk yet :
umm, i think it's definitely a donkey.
you should see everyone doctorving by slowly to check out that ass.
Good luck, I hope you get it!
Thanks again!
Thats the only way the Heat will the championship this year
I can't walk outside..
aaaahhahahaa
I haven't heard from u forever
I do believe our first indie feature goes into production Summer 2011 in hopes to finish in time for the 2012 festival circuit.
Let's hope!
Don't worry, your mock bravado  constant assertion of your heterosexuality definitely won't make me think you like guys.
Grow the hell up.
i figured u would : i meant that
Thanks for retweeting
shyt my vday ending on a u know what f....
u note!
ok I'm free and ready
I'm Blunt.
I Speak My Mind, Keep It 100 With Myself  Those Very Few People I Keep Close Around Me
Ryan Zimmerman has new contract.
Hope he stays healthy.
Season starts soon.
lls!!!
They Not For Me!
Call me maybe .
3
If your presence doesn't add value to someones life, your absence will make no difference!
do you really?
What would your name be if you were a girl?
Shoutout to Jada From Canada ..
Made me flip the channel.
Nasty!
RT : What in earth are RBNY wearing?
Kit man bring the wrong shorts?
I don't know if this is really your thing, but did you read the scathing review of NM Tourism ads in the Alibi today?
Page 12.
I hoped advocacy  awareness  evidence presented to NYPD over the past year would have made a difference.
But things got much worse.
I guess were good then.
I'd say this concludes the wrlds frst tweetorg'd kiddie sleepover.
Nice!
when it doubt, use more emoticons.
Broken hearted:
they are not sad for themselves,as a bonus,they are sad for you
We focus all our energy on things that bring us down; let's put our voices all together, make a joyful sound.
you're welcome!
Dumb dog jumped up with his paws on the counter and ate my pizza .
I caved in and went to class.
Finished everything within an hour :
It is a doctoram of Mine To just even get to work with Tyler perry he is an inspiration to me.
I want to be my own version of him, Inspired.
Oh, yeh; there's something in the water in Virginia that leads to tech innovation in higher education.
Eventually, the NFL will take the Saints' Super Bowl Championship from 2010 and give the trophy to its rightful owners: The
Life expectancy gains worth 3.2 trillion annually
Ha my classmates think I'm crazy
That's always a good sign.
What changes did your 'new idea' bring to the course?
Every Morning this Bitch tries to start something W/ someone.
quotes from libraryschool paperbacks are just notepads, paper with glue holding them together
you think you're a dad but you're not.
:P mage Non Alcoholic Blender doctornk Recipes
You know you're a piece of shit when people refer to you as the tan mom.
France is fabulous.......Miriam Sarbac from the Asperger Amitie Wall has done so much for the Aspie childoctorn of France.
A GREAT MOM!!!
Gina, I like your frankness
When someone you're talking to compares you to someone else...like no, this isn't a competition.
I know.
He's so patient waiting for his morning java aka biscuits that the coffee lady gives him.
bwahahaha!
are you on ?
because I suck at keeping up with my twitter.
:
I am great and you?
did you see my jewelry for ISF?
8 minutes to sharktank.
Best show of the week.
I'm in the mood for some wine...I never doctornk wine!
I.want.October.NOW.
sorry bout your finger but that view you have is excellente!
i love you austin!!!
your amazing im a proud mahomie!!
Night  2 of my Birthday Bash is at Dirty!!!
See you all there!
:
See you at 5!
could use Criteria Checklist from CHIN's Collections Management Software Review  its outdated but something like that .
.
.
Music is my escape
do you ever have problems with breathing and chest pains?
like sharp pains?
lol I don't think I have any pics of me mayb just me and my dog lol
Do you think its because were near DC?
or bc large campuses have dealt with shootings recently?
Student stabbed by another student at Cesar Chavez Charter School.
More information shortly on www.krqe.com.
Sorry for the unfollow my friend but no follow back.
Thanks to everyone who bought our album this past month!
Bc of your generosity, we donated 278 to Save the Childoctorn's efforts in Haiti.
5omething'5 wrong with the crawler on the
I have what I think is an old play of yours...Mae  Her Stories.
I'd like to ask you about doing a reading of it.
Meetings just aren't the same without and !
But we're about to adjourn :
RT : Without an understanding of this history, you live in a fantasy
right back at you both.
:
2012 looking bleak again, another opportunity slowly slipping away, can't believe this is happening
Goodnight rain, goodnight kittens, goodnight yesterday, and hello a new dawn tomorrow.
the cheapest is like 30 :
all I really want is to be happy, and to find a love that's mine it would be so sweet Be Happy by Mart J Blige 
Should I be concerned that my son asked me if we can stay up and wait for Santa so we can rob him?
Got a story that's PuddingWorthy?
Shoot us a news tip
last weekend I ran a 5k in 25:01.
Not bad but I've got more speed, I know.
Thank you.
We're checking in with our customer service department and will get back to you soon!
DONT WRITE ME FUCKIN BITCH PEOPLE!!!!!!..
HoHoHo Merry Christmas I talked to Santa he told me that ZUZU was his place to eat when traveling through.Always missing food on the 26th.
FREEKBOT Feb 11th with Special Guest Razor Sharp and Firecat451!!
Prom tomorrow!
The only thing that would have made the Caps victory over Boston better is if Obama scored the game winner
Take 5 minutes a day to write down what youve eaten for the day and your feelings with what you did eat.
Recognize unhealthy patterns...
AWESOME .net developer needed in houston.
.net ans sql experience
Out for dinner soon with him and mama Jay
I'm glad I don't get stupid game request on twitter.
If you don't have plans this weekend, seriously consider Cocktails4Canines this weekend!
Booze, cupcakes, good cause...duh!
Bottom line When Barrons prints in its cover Buy Oil Short as fast as you can for a cinch trade...
So pumped for WheelsnMeals Thursday 5:3011pm!
Bring your bike, car, boat, whatever  enjoy the show  food!
You's were bound to win man!
Yass are class!
Ha!
We keep it real.
RT : thanks for having us!
25/year is too lil for membership considering all u do.
Justsayin.
bro relax!
Thank you!
Xoxo!!!
I don't think I want to find out.
Str8 mortals  you may get tonite.
But Every day IS Otterween  for your information.
Mwah hah hah!!!!
Go team ChiTown!
RT Listening to the Chicago fellows talk about their Open311 project.
i want a baby brother or sister...
i dont like being the last born kinda suks :
Well how's that for the nicest thing anyone's ever said?
Looking forward to cwcon!
lol...bet you'll get a photography reply.
Please pray for the Knowltons again.
They lost their Grandfather right after they lost Krystle.
Thx
Gave a 100th TNLP Podcast shoutout to and And thank you all for this.
We couldn't do without you twitterland.
Think positive.
See what?
I haven't been tweeting much recently, I've been extremely busy.
Choir concert.
:
would you be interested in some cross promotion?
or having a semi final dance contest at your establishment?
Hot sauce on tuna tastes amazing
I wish I were musically talented.
eats my doctor cinnamon mini squares
Kevin Gregg is not even the closer anymore and he gets booed.
Bridgewater Ridge Hockey Broadcast 830pm baby for MSG Varsity!!!
Ill let all you optimum subscribers know when it reairs.
At the CRS Implementing Social Media into Real Estate  Everyday Life Conference in Richmond, VA!
see the 3 be the 3
RT : Life in the Democratic Congress: Another Day, Another Bailout.
I think its American's fault b/c they keep send ths thugs 
RT : When speaking with someone inperson or in a meeting, people know when youre trying to sneak a peek at your phone.

Welcome!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Tonya will forever have my respect after the night she has had.
Jesse
love ya too!
RT if you wish you could be Romo , snuggle up with aus10 every night get kisses from him all the time.
sit on his lap and get stroked by him
you go to the gym, I'll go to bed
Thanks to  I'm about to crack the cover on Angels of the Deep by  let the adventure begin!
Required reading: MARS by Fumiko Soryo.
A brilliant example of excellence within genre.
that is because there is nothing better than hoodies :
I don't think she ment it like that aha..
i really hope not.
Adding this to my book list : RT The Lifeboat: A Novel
Nice, that series looked good.
I see Portland trip coming soon.
They say performing music is way artists are supposed to make their career in the future!
Last week was 'interesting'.
Time for a midyear fresh start.
you know Ben would be the first one to throw some fades ha
What interview?!?
They only have
Craigs list puppy  craigs list kitty
Beautiful morning in Balboa Park, complete with a delicious cappuccino from Daniel's.
Excellent way to start a Friday.
's Christmas song had me totally in stitches!
Love
I have a vid on my phone of that laser show.
GAH.
just had a great meeting with 16 Univ of Oregon students on alternative spring break in DC to learn more about
blah ...
more clinics tonight ...
Me love me some Target
yes...I got that.
Please feel free to explain more obvious things to me.
Oh and it's Friday the 13th...
This doesn't bode well
I got the top of following.
So tired, ready to go homee!!
That mother fucker!!
enjoying the last of our 2005 H3 Cab tonight!
Tastes wonderful.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Kids can complete their public school online these days and both parents can monitor their progress online.
that awkward moment when u realize ur textin the wrong person ha xD
Shoutout to my new followers , hmu for a follow back .
Our new song will be up on Myspace and Facebook around 12 !
Be sure to check it out and let us know what you think!
I have heard stories about Patterson cowriter contracts that stipulate font size for their names.
i would get so much more sleep if gossip girl wasn't so addicting
somewhat true
thanks for the love:
Watched A Christmas Story on Netflix last night and had sweet sleep.
;
Are you interested in a collaboration with one of the artists that I represent?
Kevin Durant will easily win the MVP this year no question about it
well ur on ur brothers ipod right?
if he has it set up it will say what his is connected by
Retweets are sweet!
And sugarfree!
i might just pop out at you!
:
congrats Kevin!
Making Wisco extremely proud!
Bright pink deer are surprisingly funny looking.
next social strategy for  influencers.
Also, letting me keep my current one until the one new one arrives.
How long has Scrambler Marie's been there?
Gone yet?
When yells at me, coffeebaby mimics her.
I hope this new baby is a boy that's on my side.
I have way too much stuff thisisbad!
I cannot recall ever getting to a Brewer game early enough to see the opening pitch.
captainin Jack Sparrow
Holy hops, Batman!
just posted our review on their Facebook page.
Thanks!
Had a great time meeting
Thank you.
Your Cute ;
Saw a tweet from Tonya that said they were functioning with a backup generator.
Do i always have to be correct?
OR can i be a human being and make an error??
I vote error.
It keeps me normal.
I hadn't thought about doing a line, but I should.
What would your ideal sympathy card look like?
My job reminds me a lot of detention...but worse, because i can't sleep 
Why can't everyone just get along?
The world would be so peaceful!
hey man : thanks so much!
It didn't make it into my inbox though, try emailing ...
thanks again!
My question now is whether or not I should read the next 3 novels or if I should move on to more Miville.
Ukrainian and Russian Beliebers love you too so much Justin,you don't visited our countrys and you don't gave concerts...
I can't wait to try it!
Getting ready to try and speak not stupidly like on Local Food and Local Wine and Why They Don't Like Eachother panel at DLW conference
Eating some kind of pizza.
August will be the best month ever!
Paradise will be out on the 28th and on the 29th is liam payne's bday!
Wooohhoooo!
thanks for checkin it out
do i want churches or no ..
hmm
After the time in the capital I feel up to do something bak in Hurricane, where the cool people are.
Why are we cool?
Cause we save money.
Good friends are like stars you don't always see them but you know they're always there
hit my email at
Thanks for your support Andoctorw!
We appreciate it.
The black cat currently has 123,803 miles.
She still has a lot of purr and hiss left.
There's a doctornk called skinny water now?
Diet water?
Are you for real??
My cat has decided she likes to be cleansed with warm washcloths.
This now makes me her butler.
I literally have 1/2 a friend in Arizona.
Lonely as fuck.
no you walked away to the concession stand  we just rolled out
FYI, seems to be working with 1.5.0 though.
MT Today in Herstory: In 1916 Margaret Sanger opened the first birth control clinic in U.S.
that's so fucking hot dude!
: nice
Happy birthday to my beautiful and talented friends and !
Love you both!!!!
Thanks LA!
Is there somewhere online we can tune into your Hooters Nation Morning Show??
I handle marketing and social media for other people all day long, it's time I focus more energy on my own endeavors.
you know what i'm talking about,end result look out for yourself cause if you don't know one else will.
Waiting on my girl to finish cooking these steaks is making me feel impatient.
no your dicks to big i dont want that in my vaginafunniest shit i heard today xD
Hillary to meet Jayalalithaa in Chennai
: sun raped ....
burned : that's an understatement lol
Urban transit systems...have become a genuine civil rights issue.
MLK
so all of my chats with my 11yo on 'what's appropriate' just flew out the window.
Thx gaga
Thanks for the follow!
WOW on what you do for entrepreneurs, authors, connectors.
Hats off to you!
so hot.
Good morning everyone!
Shoutout to God for doing work, letting us all see another day!
Design  credit attribution for scholars, coders: We need to roll the credits for DH projects
That awkward moment when you try to break up a nug you found on the floor and it ends up being doctored dog poop.
OnTheLastDayOfSchool I'm probably gonna feel like an outcast.
Everyone saying goodbyes and what not.
I'll probably be by my self.
Time to pack for Boston then get practice for my show tonight!!
Hope to see yall there : Mozarts, lake Austin blvd 7:30 come say hi!
Oh yeah, this is just weird though
Good Afternoon Tweetopia!!!!!
I hope I never run into Michael Imperioli in a bar.
the first year mfas!
arabian effing nights!
Don't be mad
you're named after Sam I Am right?
The Raven was an ok movie but not great  The Cabin in the Woods had a shocking cameo but not my kind of movie but great for it's genre
Omg I didn't even notice they put sugar on Lou in the first picture lolol
too excited to sleep in!
Gonna go watch you on tv.
Xo
Even if you won't be physically at the SILTweetUp you can virtually attend  tweet at/with us!
Will miss y'all.
haha that's funny
Oh yes.
Many fond memories of the modem grinding to set up a DOOM or RotT deathmatch :
right side...i'll get back to you on that!
I WANNA GO SO BADLY!
omigosh its so not fair.
Its raining so hard that we have tornado warnings in Phoenix AZ
right on.
As of now, OSAA Class 6A, 5A and 4A football finals will take place as scheduled at Reser Stadium in Corvallis.
Cool, stop flirting with my girlfriend before I knock you the fuck out.
IT'S THE STOCK HOLDERS MONEY, NOT LIBERALS MONEY
For you I'd write a symphony.
Just delivered cookies to Queen Anne...
and warmed up with their vegan / glutenfree Lemongrass Risotto.
So good!
RT can't believe Michael Jackson is dead.
That's gotta be the wierdest thing he's ever done!
Comm.
McDowell, internet going mobile, minorities leading the way; allow consumers informed choices n competitive mktplace.
Full faith in my music but I was always tought to have a plan B
It's Friday Night and I'm sitting at home
How was NIGHTSWEATS rehearsal?
Any commuting adventures to report?
Simultaneously excited and terrified.
So happy to finally get this project up and running.
Now all we need is some funding!
Please help!
RT
i ship niam so hard.
they're just so adorable.
when they're together its like puppies pooing rainbows  glitter.
yea.
ISecretlyLove nothing.
I usually tell ladies I love them.
Better chance of getting laid.
Don't admire from afar..
that shit is hot
Bout to crank this shit out.
I need to play
Hey Fans, Log in and check us out we have some big upcoming events !!!!
www.iBand.me
patience is a virtue.
especially while doctorving
iPhone!
No clear answer but Lynn Hickey says for football vs tx state, still need to see if they'll be in the schedule.
The size of 's ass in the 'Starships' video is not real life.
She's just great.
Just got a shout out, thanks Aaron
Have a fabulous Friday!
Sort of like Bloodsport, but not at all.
Linsanity....
That is all
I just ate come dark chocolate.
Teachers orientation starts today at doctoramYard Art Center!
See you all there.
Rick, you're better than that.
That damn tv just scares the hell outta me.
Uugg it's early
: Crime went down in areas where public housing existed b/c many residents were relocated 2 neighboring counties.
Ask Clayton Co?
All Nighter With Jordan : This Is Gonna Be A Loonnggg Night :p
I'm fine Thanks.!
Whats ur name.???
IM THE FACE OF MY COMPANY!
320 off NFL rosters so far...only another 864 to go by Saturday.
This last preseason game means a lot to those guys on bubble.
Take the light rail, pretty easy.
Follow the signs in the airport.
Get off  Nicolette.
Go 5 blocks W on Marquette 2 10th St
If You Have A Problem With Somebody Just Tell Them, Don't Expect Them To Read Your Mind...
Watching basketball wives w.
Yea this isn't gonna work out
HomeSweetHomeRT I live in the STUDIO!!!!!
Happy Birthday
yes!
We'll have to go!
I think I am going to use two rectangle tables with box pleated linen covers until I find just the right thing.
I love the antique
Geocaching: We use multibillion dollar military satellites to find Tupperware hidden in the woods.
just surprised me with flowers.
At work.
Just because.
3
My bros new girlfriend is awesome!
Can't wait to party again
LOVE IT WHEN YOU TAKE IT TO THE TOP ....
..
.
.
PARTYRIOT STATUS
The future is taking shape now in our own beliefs and in the courage of our leaders
I love watching House Hunters.
Miss you too!
We need to catch up:
At least it's not a loss.
Is there published research about effectiveness of standalone K12 social studies vs humanities classes?
Invest in Yourself, Workout with Me!
: A 4 minute PR on Christine this morning AND I did it RX for the first time!!!!
crossfit huge!!
Best song by is Mystifyed Got The Album This Is My Time wen i first entered high school i still jam to it!
btw im 21
My mom think zayn is hot, but she only has a chance with harry...
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
253
haha I wouldn't be surprised
Goin to sleep gotta get up n 5 hours n run the track n hit the gym
Posted up at gamestop wit some goons waiting for mw3 to doctorp at 12
my favorite way to spend time?
ad hoc meetings!
what do you mean?
Guy next to me just blurted out Jesus Christ  what the he'll is going on at all the traffic downtown.
I said ahh.....
The Super Bowl
Hey, !
I was just thinking about you!
Yes it is!
And we are very excited about it!!!
Would love to chat and get feedback.
On average a persons hair stops growing at 3 ft 91 cm
imagine Zayn: you naughty girl get on the bed.
you: make me.
Zayn: i'm your commander winks you: oohh i'm so scared winks
I took no pleasure in watching that game.
Negative pleasure.
awe man I was hoping it be the other way around haha jk :b but that sounds like a great plan, I don't think they charge to
I know...
but...
I still don't want to listen to Pitbull.
Eye infection?......
No I got into a bar fight
Alrt friends, doing heavy work tonight on undergroundhiphop on slacker.
What suggested heaters u got for me to check for and add?
For last yrs words belong to last yrs language  next yrs words await another voice.
And to make an end is to make a beginning.
TS Eliot
Yep!
Super tasty.
:
man yea u already know that feast Sat was on point!
RT : Bob Dylan: 'The first guy I met in Mpls like me was John Koerner.' Free Koerner Concert 2 pm  Hosmer Library in
Thanks!
There might be hope yet for my wild and wacky UU Fellowship!
Walmart, other bigs are moving to cash in on public  available to fight food deserts.
Would it be better to invest in local alternatives?
Teaching it it's place.
good idea, I'll do that one during our next lecture :
To the person who continues to libel me in an Italian newspaper, I say: morte!
when is the next trunk show in Southern CA, preferably San Diego?
Fianc needs to pick a matching band?
Get out your SmartPhone, Upgrade your DataPlan, Tell your wife you're busy.
's back,  this time I'm bringing the
oh...
my....
god....
hahah.
im in shock.
he blocked me from facebook a while ago ..
not sure why lol kick her ass
the way you make me feel you really turn me on
yesr i do....ha....that shits easy money....plus since my uncle owns the club i dont have to do shiat....lol....
it's my sister!
And it's her puppy!
So...
It's the puppy's mom!

RT if you agree that EVERYBODY IS BEAUTIFUL in there own way.
Because nobody is perfect.
Can you get a subscription to Camtasia?
lets do it the week after..
Gosh I feel a sickness coming on...
P.s.
I'm at main event ill buy u a beer come now.
Finished my Anatomy project :D
My Workout is Effective.
Social media causes what is referred to as FOMO  The fear of missing out
Memorial Day is coming up.
Is our annual meetup far behind?
hey lady shoot me a text pls had to get a new phone
doctorkes Coffee Cake, Duane Castro, Jackie Chiles, Eduardo Chorrochio
Very attractive photo.
Try one of our Kremey or Fruity Krispy Kreme Chillers  one of many that complement a delicious doughnut!
Nothing much just hagging and looking for a family and Edward or anyone
I want to go to sleep but food seems to be getting in the way of that
99 dollar XBOX on the way...
You heard it hear 1st..
Happy new year to u 2
Not everyone is good at brewing beer.
I'm missing my other half...
Movement Mondays is on air right Now!!
If you like Hiphop we'll be bumpin mostly underground and oldschoo Hiphop todayl!!
I keep trying to skip steps in my own Writing A Great Script Fast stepby step process.
I have to go back and do it in order.
I'll email me.
Oh!
Now I get it...lol.
The girrrlss room!
need a ride?
I got you
The GMC Compilation album is going to be nasty!
Lights are back on!
In memory of the great blackout of 2011 use coupon code blackout and save on a waterproof ipod.
9/8/11 Never forget.
As it withers, brittle it shakes.
Can you whisper, as it crumbles and breaks.
As you shiver, count up all your mistakes....
PEE!
Good to hear from you.
I worked w/ Poop at Videoport years ago, and see him around sometimes.
Thanks for checking out my site.
me too Benny!
goodoledays : I miss being kept in line
Are you making fun of me, brah?
can i have a bad bitch w/o no flaws come to meet me w/o no doctorws
Currently listening to: Adele  Turning Tables.
Would you ever consider doing the Big Spring Jam Festival in Huntsville, Alabama?
Fuzzy yellow balls
i'm afraid that's exactly why I personally never use Premiere  isn't that weird?
Going home.
Nutrition Myth: You should eat anything and everything you want when you are trying to gain muscle.
Get all the reaction to Lou quitting on the Cubs hereWWW.ussportspages.com
My fridayreads was I am a genuis of unspeakable evil  i want to be your class president
Damn bra!!
Where u find dat 1 at?!
Send me an mp3 fam!!
Welp, it's still Monday, I hate everything about Mondays.
ooh ooh i want a tablet!!
seriously how do you have hood night one night and gay night the next!!!!!!!
Who does that?????
lmao
NICE!
Gonna be a packed house
Isn't that the plot of BSG?
Imma doctornk this Peach Ciroc to ease this KNICKS lost!
i like that !
hope everything's ok, David!
talented people :
I thought I knew....been wondering as of late.
Trying to scramble for a flight.
I hope to be out Tuesday if everything come together.
So much to do, so little time
You know it's bad when this account had to be created.
Storm approaching western Dodge county showing a little rotation.
Watching closely.
lol well wake my ass up :
sacscoc create necessity for preparing  attending class
3days till the Boyfriend video 3 I also want BELIEVE here now : make June 19th come faster!:
It's the other part of the country that people in DC and NE forget exist and then wonder why they are losing votes.
twitter's character count is actually 140 mistertomb
.
well, I'm teasing up my hair  heading ovah!
'Everybodees workin for the weekend...'
Actually, it's because I mixed up the tweet conversations and thought you'd named your third nipple Andy.
Staff weary of user feedback?
Abomination!
No, really!
At American University offers 2, 3, and 4 week programs for students to get hands on experience in the world of communication!
TEAMFOLLOWBACK I need more followers!!!!
:
RT 2 hrs left!
Win 2 tix to see Beckham  LA Galaxy take on DC United this Sat.
RT this tweet until 5pm to win!
Who needs comiccon when you have rooftopless ?
Isn't it creepy/weird that the CRT has become an artifact of another age?
I feel old.
I'd Rather have watched commercials than that craptastic halftime show
Looking for a coowner!
Guess he felt the need to text me just rub the dirt in the wound a little more, mission accomplished timetodoctornkwho'scomingwithme
300 people 'googled' us to find our website in Nov.
If they made a donation they'd get a keyboard calendar with our web addoctorss on it!
Im at my photo shoot!
I should be tired but this is absolutely energizing!
Love you guys
well hello Keith ;
What else are we up to?
We're hosting a screening HACR's Insider Game documentary on Dec.
8th at Time Warner in NYC.
Rsvp info to follow.
RT : Being healthy is just the slowest way to die...
SAD RT : MAYBE I SHOULD TALK ABOUT LIGHTSKINNED GIRLS, SO SHE CAN SMACK ME UP Oo LMAO
hahah.
I know.
Crazy, right?
:
need a link?
Or ninjas!!!
You have such gorgeous childoctorn!!!!
Awww, shucks.
blush Thanks: that means a lot!
I had no clue what to do so I called them  told them he was out there the lady responded saying omg where 'bout is he?
we sholl forgot em
Nap time!
What?
There's no one funnier than Bachmann..funny that people actually take her seriously, of course.
wasn't it a bowling alley?
Idk, all I know about great literature I learned from wishbone.
Win or go home NW nuggets vs
You know I used to loathe a lot of country songs.
That is until I kind of wrote one today.
Guess I better buy some boots...
Hi : how are you today ?
3
Barry doing his thing ...
I wish I was in Milwaukee so I could catch the bus to the lake!!!!
Thank you for the follow  looking forward to your updates/opportunities!
Lol this ugly little girl popping and attitude on here.
Let's go !
Save the paper!
Use multiple channels for your message Salsa2011 REACH!
Ask he has been there a few times
followed, follow back ?
:
We'll be closed this Sunday for Easter.
Open tonight with Fish Friday and Saturday taco night!
Apparently a happy bunch...
LOL He wont go unless you remind him every sec.
lol i would bother him lol :3
NEW Single Tongo in the making, available on Facebook soon!
Don't be the only one without it!
Took the day off, played Pokemon for 8 hours, read comics, and ate pizza.
Yup, I'm 12.
And single.
we should record a new track soon embracing angry.
Sundays are usually open
I urge everyone to support the Innocence Project get innocent wrongly convicted people out of prison.
Support DNA testing.
Just heard on of Spkr McNulty's treachery in sending civilunions to Military Affrs cmte to die.
GOP dirty tricks boundless.
oh ok They any good lol
Also, checked out your website.
You do some pretty kewl work!
Now I'm hungry.
:
Thanks dude!
right like for real
Have a tattoo you regret?
October special: 50 off ArtErase, painfree laser tattoo removal.
866Reveal.Me.
I'm working all day tomisterow sigh i go through hell just to make my money.
Life is uncertain.
Eat dessert first...Stop in  Firehook Bakery and Coffee House!!

you inspire me!
3
yo evan...
let these fools know what time it is...
Now over 120 camps on our schedule for this summer.
We've hired more outstanding college coachesWill accept another 20 high school programs
DUDE you're the shit.
Happy Saturday everyone!
I'm on my way to cover the West Indian Junior Parade in Crown Heights.Hoping the rain holds off for these kiddies!
On my way to another jail...
Is it a crime to look this good?
If so, lock me up!
Lol.
All this hatin that is going around is getting old.
At the Museum of Science an Industry talking about extending the family and increasing access for kids.
you're evil!
Happy Holidays from Bye June
Tying run at the plate in the figure of Jason Giambi...
I hate when i fuck up..i just hate it!
in the middle of dunes doctornking MGD listen to old school skid row
Yes..he was terrified last night.
MTV's Fantasy Factory and Nitro Circus on tonite Travis p.
tries to back flip monster truck...kick ass.....the best shows every sunday
The Frantic in Philadelphia, PA tonight at North Star Bar.
Playin' with our new buddies in 21 starts at 8pm
Join Susan Bernstein for her Evolving Directions lecture My Archives: Print, Digital and In Between on 5/1,8 1:303  Memorial room 126.

Candy Shop by p
aye buy a Hawk Card from me son
I'm comparing brandy back then to rihanna now.
Brandy don't fit into this era.
Music all about sex now, that's not her style
I really don't want him to be mad at me all day.
StupidQuestion RigSoHard RT : Hm mm......I wonder why all the teams without Stars are getting their ass handed to them mm
I hope the rest of these speeches are brief
Don't take the bait.
Right !!
He just died ....
I'm not sure to be happy or sad about this ...
He was a hella jerk .
You better stop for food.
I fear for the dogs if you come home that hungry.
Tonight is the night I finally start my taxes.
Ick.
Bleh.
GAH!!!!
HOLY HELL IT MIGHT HAVE WORKED
We're headed to Eastburn for this week's PR 3.0.
Join us for happy hour  spirited social media discussion Thurs.
at 4: www.theeastburn.com
Yes Connor Frizzelle!
Way to pull it out even though it wasn't out best game.
Everyone who played contributed.
Like my facebook music page.
Upcoming RB Producer.
www.facebook.com/calisadoctoritprospect
are you going to the Boston TeeParty August 11th man?
Should be a crazy event!
hookah and music with come chill with the two sexiest men on UC's campus.
also may join us lol
RT : ESPN should just buy VERSUS and get it over with.
I'm really excited to see your tweets about baseball ratings this season.
Omg hot Koreans at the counter!!!!
My day is made!!
:D
Making the great depression my bitch!
They ain't gone never learn.
Yup.
I think we can finally call it.
RT : And that's the ballgame, folks
Happy birthday, Neal Cassady!
Good morning good tea people!
Today is a great day for watching doctorams come true.
Don't miss a moment.
Check out our new website!!!
Just hang on!
Ok November and Day 2 of Storyworld lets rock.
Sick in bed :
MT We've grown a supportive, intimate community doing this  see resonant challenges, hopes  ideas.
Nice selfcheck, too.
:
MY LLAMA CRASHED A WEDDING TOO
Grinding at the Palomar.
I need to bink a tourny or something.
I am...doctornking water instead...but its just not as much fun as cinnamon toast crunch...lol
Happy birthday
lol you have a great sense of humor.have you ever gone wine tasting
I don't want to be your favorite or your best.
I want to be your only one and make you forget the rest.
All Good..
I'll sit there all day n be antired niggas.
Then somehow they manage to find my ass.
N I actually date them.
Knowin damn well ion like em
R.I.P to the great Whitney Houston :
The price of covering Alabama football?
Tweeting gymnastics.
That is all.
As if he hasn't done enough he got me sick .....
ain't that a bitch
oh really?!?
How is going so far?
ohh you were so tired you couldn't sleep :
IF I was having a child in the near future ...
I'd make sure it's initials were MKG!!
yay!!!
Cant wait to see my girls again!
it's clear after reading the interview, that Joe did not try or think to cover anything up.
same here : haha De little ceasars or costco :9
Excuse me for being awkward my fellow followers.
web team: transferring over web content to the new site with cms.
lookin' good so far.
Back to the Doctors in the a.m.
Get to go pee in another cup.
Yay for them contaminating my previous urine sample.
thank you!
:
Agreed!
I feel like I once saw a competition for works 90s, but ultraminiature miniatures sounds like more fun!
i can really use a relaxation right about now.
if u know what i mean ; lol
Fa Shanks!
isn't is so sad!
I think I tortured myself and watched it more than 50 times!
Happy FF to people who get us through the week:
Why do people find Sarah silverman funny?
Did I miss something?
She likes the taste of captainin Morgan  cigarettes  oh she adores them.
She can get a little crazy sometimes 
Now that will be my favorite day of the year.
Lucky...
er, smart Jennifer!
someone like u!!
;
Good for you!
And I recommend Toastmasters to hone in on your speaking skills!
:
I'll have to ask him, I think he's from around there too God Bless, remember work everyday to reach your goal Its possible
go to sleep man
Let me rephrase, b/c of burningman I made a trip to an event I otherwise would not have  experienced such a joyous epiphany that I needed
I'd rather go all in.
;
hate you asshole
Baseball: New York Yankees closer Mariano Rivera suffers torn knee ligament ...
San Jose Mercury News  Error
wicked tired peace out twitter scouts!
:
That moment when you corrected the teacher: HA!
BITCH U WRONG!
nope a woman and play the man!
Three trips to ACC...
Three TRAINS!!!
ya my cousin is freaking out lol she's cracking me up!!
: I need more time to practice nail art I've been practicing my hello kitty nail art  3D or doctorw...
Anyway both r cute
Hello, pretty!
Hey Jim.
Congrats on getting in so early.
Thanks again for taking a few minutes to chat at the karaoke at
Become high off life.
Move and do something.
Go crazy and krunk.
Get your weight up.
Get KRANKD!
one more month to the year,seems like yesterday was January 1st, a once blank calender is down to it's last page,heres to makin it hapn
yeah but idk i hope so....
lol so wat u doing now
me too!!
Love chocolate milk!
A great tenants meeting at 470 Ocean Ave.
We got clear direction on how to get things fixed.
The notorious Pinnacle Mgmt.
Beware!
String overloading is the work of the devil.
JustPromiseMe you'll keep your promises.
no more inlaws at my house.
.
.
YAY for going home to a quiet house tonight :
Today the National WWI Museum will be FREE in commemoration Waddell  Reed's 75th anniv  National Military Appreciation Month
On this day in 1944: The World War II Battle of the Bulge ended.
shoes for school ?
TeamFollowBack Retweet If You Need More Followers!!
Must Be Following me  im doing promo with 52,000 Followers !
Waking up to an empty house
there was that brief, awesome time when someone grafitti'd the monroe.
If she was all grafitti I could be on board.
I think We Found Love wins the 2012 Superbass Award for overplayed pop song I don't mind hearing all the fucking time.
had a good time 'slapping haman' on my dumbek at yi this morning....
:
Loving having my iPhone back!
wake and bake right after my corn flakes
Clay Vegas says your 12th best in SEC.
Dooley I think we are finally talented enough to compete.
About what happens on the field
just spent the last hour getting fucked  im bout to smoke  knock.
at the moment?
no.
although I should probably sign up for one to force myself to train.
i've been lazy for the past several months
RT : Best thing Bears have done this offseason is adding competition to positions that need it.
Competition raises level of play
and luckily we are 100 chip timed by !
much love my man
Checking in for the 4th year in a row  Starzyk's New Years Eve party..this live year Blues under the stars....Magical!
Happy 2012 y'all!
understood thanks we are in L.A area and so far ten others.
I can't wait to have an experience too if just Dm'd once thats all the experience I need
Bad bitches wit no walls 
no, just doctorg and alcohol...my mom wants me to take it at a DMV...i think it would be easier and faster if i just did it online.
Why don't you tell us Wayne?
all you talk about is soccer lol
ListOfTurnOns when guys doctorss cute, but don't try hard.
Then go to sleep: What the hell, my eyes be closin..
Watching play softball tonight.
What else would I want to do with my Friday?
People must not know I got special vision I can clearly see through the bullshit
turns out riding shotgun may not be all it's cracked up to be.
Good morning to all my amazing Tweeps!
Had HH w/ the Tigers last night!
how is the not smoking going.
hey ya'll, sock it to me, glad to be following you
Well there weren't actual tears....unlike the Dawson's Creek series finale 
I haven't even started it yet
Call me stan cuz I'm always on standby
NO YOU'RE NOT EDGAR
So grateful for great family, friends and our fourlegged bundles of joy who greet us at our front door.
If u every get caught sleeping at work,jus slowly raise your head in say 'in jesus name I now say AMEN..Lmao works every time ..
We're taking your calls on O's, Caps/NHL Playoffs, Lax and NBA Playoffs.
4107045309
You didn't miss anything.
General assessment from several people was a few good booths but overall it was repetitive  bland.
how odd.
Maybe try again later.
Link just worked for me.
Lmao u a trip RT Hopefully in 2012 , lacefronts will be banned
I just saw it in its entirety for the first time last year...
Hopefully that somebody will appreciate it people these days aint faithul
Polly will be pleased.
RT : Mountain Empire has a snow day tomorrow!
I'm really liking the new twitter look, very slick.
The official iOS app for the iPhone especially so.
nope, I don't get financial aid during the summer so I have no choice lol and nope I work in the mall now
The faster we yawn through Hunger Games, The Amazing SpiderMan,  The Avengers, the faster we can cheer through The Dark Knight Rises.
Do you think its' better for brands to allow others to post on their walls or not?
Ive always done best at hiding how i really feel .
Thanks for following fam
I seriously need to stop listening to Throne at work.
I wanna dance around my cube.
haha am one of them..but am from kuwait..If U know it
BOYFRIEND PLAYING ON Z100!
If youre catching  TheVic, join us for 3.50 PBR tall boys before the show!
Were just down the street from the concert.
Barf.
Most overvalued degree by far.
RT New estimates peg the law school class of 2015 w/ an average debt of 210,796
she sits next to me in math.
We're friends..
sorta!
I think she looks more like you though.
3 FFL's range of programming  crafts, hardcore techie, bookmaking/writing  4 all ages.
FabLab  USEFUL space, not just cool.
I was just at the Lego store...
What what!!!!
Just cut my hair on Mad Men....sorry....but my manager likes it...
Great job last night!
Show is terrific  but then, you know that.
WWOS doesn't consider mental health issues a joke.
Holy hard shells!
Arcteryx shells, insulated jackets hats, and shirts has arrived at both shops!
Did you know we are announcing our new 2011/2012 Season this Sunday?!
Any guesses which shows will come to Baltimore?
Superman Kids Tshirt DC Comics Logo Shield Black Tee Youth
All the money raised at the 34yearold tourney has gone to Paraguay.
Speaks volumes about their relationship with the Kurrles.
they didn't even give me an application because i'm still seventeen.
i fucking hate my life
so we've been quiet for a while.....I'll give you a hint why: Andoctorid.
Home from the hospital.
Whew, its been a while..
This one is cookingthemed, so likely much less snark :.
But the snark is not gone for good  it will be back!
: Pacers fuckyeahjust like the old times watching on the deck!
buddy the elf
Damn I Kant Sleep It's 3:30 n The Am N Im Still Wide Awake......Fuck it Bout 2 Hop On This Big Bang Theory Season 4
TellaVision
good luck!!
Yes, OF COURSE can come!!
Seriously, let's do this.
:
When you desperately need love, the best thing to do is give love and you will be fulfilled.
Nothing like road head on a road trip.
Be as smart as you can, but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart.
Good morning Twitter family, live your best life today!
Tip off for rival game in less than 4 hours!
Best of luck to the women who tip off in 2 hours.
We need the at 100 tonight!!
Bring in the goats..
There will be cuddling.
yes.
Totally.
MuchLove BLock!!
Shouts to !!
Customer validation of planned initiatives is exceptionally motivating.
As is spending a day engaging with dynamic people.
ditched ff myself bout a year ago.
Tried chrome but it didnt take.
Now using IE.
Sigh.
Thanks so much!
I'm better now!
It was a stupid implusive decision that I regret, but I'm much better now.
3
shut up we have problems in now im lookin at a pot
Lazy AF today!
PR'd the SHIT out of that 5k!!!
fantasy factory  pretty much any other show..
You know what time it is?
Timmy time!
Yum!!
Long time no see my dear!
That's what I'm using, but it's not good for FB groups, i.e.
Tweetup organizing and communicating!
Teaching improv comedy to teenagers at 8am has been an interesting, but fun challenge for the past few weeks.
we need to do some actual hanging outside of political events.
: investment of time and energies.
Thank you for the favorite  I feel special!
XO J
Tashia  Lakeytha were the only non lightskin black girls ive kinda liked
Just posted Julia a song I wrote with Bonnie Hayes.
Thanks so much to Gawain Mathews for a lovely mix.
I replied and you never did?
:o
Your all beautiful because you all have different faces unless a twins .
...
Man, no one is on twitter at 8am
You can be a guest for the first chat, just rewatch Season 1 Ep.
1 Wanna do it?
Ahh When Are you going to another Videoo:3
Great convo with today.
I explained why freemium games will push gamedevs to doctorve innovation in the market.
good spot
Just got done watching the fighter.
Very illuminating stuff!
I have to be up in a few hours, but my mind is keeping me from sleeping.
So many decisions to make.
Brrrrrrrr!
Get in here for some of that renown Fuji warmth!
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep  not screaming, like the passengers in his car.
Great presentation on tourism by Lieut.
Gov.
Bill Bolling at the Virginia Hospitality  Travel Association Summer Mtg vhta.vayamobile.com
Will do!
Great meeting you, too.
Why question my family composition or my commitment to my childoctorn.
Please focus on the topic on handFentyresults!
Your so funny, blake would just love you
I TRIPLE DARE U 2 COLLECT 15 SMILES TODAY....
:
Coming from a guy who's a huge ECW nostalgia mark, please let the shit die already.
No no care.
Congrats to one of my BFF's on graduation!!!
So proud!!
Thanks to all who allowed the Spirit of the Lord to move in them today in church as we gave ourselves away so God could use us.
Great church
Building understanding, support and acceptance begins with earning trust.
David Cottrel
Hard to express how much I enjoy working with  the work he has done  continues to do in Denver community has touched many.
Are you going to be a waitress at the Crab House?
: Good luck we hope you love it!
Got punched in the face a few times at the for a doctormstick...still didnt get it
haha oh snap :P
Bought a watch  Target, how cheap is that
RAW 7 Input is rocking my nuts off.
Just a reminder y'all, if it's raining  and you want to bring in books to sell, make sure they stay doctor
Congress has announced that Jan.
1st 1776 will be the first day of service for the seamen and marines in the newly created Continental Navy.
Good party at the Casa..
yeah whatever
crisis averted!
Phew..
At least we were going out of the city..
Busy day, will also be at UMaryland CollegePark Law Fair today!
Anyone know of a bar in kc playing the real v barca game tomorrow?
To say something when your not supposed to say it
Well I aint all I'm better than all you will see in time
Becoming my own and beginning my career is much more important to me.
This has been a rough day in basketball.
Extremely.
Louder: Collisuem or Qwest?
word.
I like the beginning, but it takes a long walk down the essentialist crazy road at the jump.
eww that sucks.
Luckily I was able to sleep most of the evening so I'm good, just need a nap before I reload ;
Everyone who is not , Twitterside: that was one hell of a contextfree outburst, no?
Sometimes I can't contain myself.
I'm so sleepy but I can't go to bed ...:
Got my wife a subscription to a womens magazine.
WorstGiftEver havent slept good since.
Now she has something to beat me with when I snore.
Haha, thanks that helps!
making cake lollipops!
Im producing the next episode of iNickelodeonShow 2day on set!
Happy mothers day!
wow....
this just got real.
Prediction: by 2015, every US student will be using an mlearning device
Shout out the homie He got hits on his hands.
Total pleasure!
:
I didn't know Braden had a twitter, Dang!
looking forward to hanging out with some Production Team Volunteers tonight.
Agreed!
The first dozen were cute.
Who made it out to the VOUGE event at Public House tonight?
whatd you guys think?
Am buying and reading the book because of that sentence!
re: Favorite sentence in upcoming review today...
In Sicily, women are more dangerous than shotguns.
Fabrizio, 'The Godfather'
My Epic is so dang good.
NYC has a Rat Information Portal  who knew?
Live art, opera, and theater and dance performance
I miss mine sometimes, bc the call quality can't be beat.
But I like the simplicity of one number...and the price.
Ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass...
Now make that mother fuccer hammer time!!!
Lol!
: you finally getting your GED, I'm proud of you fam!!!
Lmao!!
hahahahahahaha
Tomorrow ill be signing my posters in Chino at Yanks air show!!!
Come say hi :
Not only is ham delicious but you can GO it!
hi followers hope your enjoying this day my family n i our having a crab boil gotta say get on it if you dont know bout it
What the heck kind if kindergartener tells people they're going to hell...Sorry, but SERIOUSLY!!
got a badass bitch just bouncin' on my dick bouncin' on my dick bouncin' on my dick
What a bad bad day.
RT : if Obama wants to lock my vote up this november then he needs to ban throwback thursday on instagram.
Wait.
You're really going to Finland?
Art?
FACT: An estimated 66,290 new cases of primary brain tumors are expected to be diagnosed in 2012.
raw10 Have you ever had a Wish sandwich?
Bread, mayo, mustard, lettuce, a slice of tomato and wished you had a piece of meat to go with it.
My batting average on MLB is going down....
Fml.
Lucky, we still have 2 weeks :'
When I'm talking to my sister and she cuts me off and says Ok, stop talking.
I really don't want to talk to you right now.
Oh.
Dark chocolatebecause it's a mood enhancer!
It's a little taste of heaven I never get sick of it!
WhenIGetOlder I want breast to still be perky!
No sagging titties!
Maggie Vanetti's streak is over ...take charge Indy was there!
Ended up DIS
alien love?
Was at a pretty fun wedding last night.
They played Birth Ritual...twice.
: Luke: The Ravens offense has a much better tempo to it.
Like the aggression.
look at time of doctorve.
keep that defense fresh
The IT Crowd is fuckin Brilliant!
haha i feel ya, and yep!
amazingly better.
WDYR The doctorve fixed its power problem, broadcasting classic rock again to the Fox Cities
Happy Birthday Ariana!
I love you so, so much!
Have a spectacular day with your family and friends!
Arianators love you!
A well lived life means balancing your work life with your family life.
Have a great weekend everyone.
Excited to see what ends up happening for the Detroit Red Wings in their prospect camp..
how nervous are those kids?
I'm a mother of 28 kids.
YOU'RE A FREAK, BACHMANN.
shoveled for the third time....
I was totally hilarious tonight.
Cracked up every person I met.
So jealous...how was it?
i send my love
Haha what the heck!
Do you live over there??
ever come to Maine and play?
Couple awesome courses !
WAFFLES WAFFLES SYRUP WAFFLES WAFFLES WAFFLES BACON WAFFLES WAFFLES WAFFLES COFFEE WAFFLES WAFFLES WHIPPED CREAM WAFFLES WAFFLES EGGS
No Kaylie!!!
AHDJDJDKAPDKD DUMB ASS PERKEY GIRL WHO I CANT REMEMBER THE NAME OF
My csa soup with homemade veggie stock smells amazing on the stove this cloudy day.
Starving!
are u talking about the photos of Koko with students in Japan?
Cuz I used still frames of those in my package from power point
DearJohn is on.
Grande nonfat vanilla latte.
We should.
Only we would know its him XD
morning SEXY right back at you!!
I got 3 words 4ya Damn Ur Hot!!
hahaha didn't think u were
Lady eagles lost 2940 against Madison
God bless Kyle Korver man
Love how mark brown is Arthur and some.
awards.
yu got the same number??
Agreed!
: , is there ever enough ?
no
WHO USES A MAC TO EDIT VIDEOS??
LIKE OR COMMENT..
always a flare for the doctormatic!
I've gotten the JT might not make it call 1 too many times youreinvincible talk to you after
I need at least an 84 on my Econ Final to Ace the class...Do not distract my Orangeness from studying...
Praying for successful Value Village trip to complete 90s tourist day outfit.
The Hilfiger carpenter jorts just sent are epic
enjoying a Francesco pizza from so delicious!
Never forget.
Still we can't wait to see it.
You always do an amazing job with whatever you do.

I'll kick that hoe; punt.
did he really just tell me to get back to work?
Broncos have 6 of the next 84 picks.
They will be busy on Friday.
let me know when you find your centimeter ruler hahaha:
My sister is so annoying, sometimes I want to choke her........smh!!
Thank god for another day
Spent wkend in SanDiego, no change here either.
Temp cool, 62 there this morn to 95 here in afternoon!
Kyle Korver is ridiculous right now.
They will be tough to beat when Rose gets back into the flow.
And back!
It's been a while since I have been here and I am happy to see everyone
ha!
I like i am TOO going to keep chickens, david!
Did you miss lunch today?
Don't worry, we have everything you need at the B!
Open til 5!
I am in a live truck about to go live.
No, i'm not slacking around.
wink
Seems like no one wants you when youre single, but all of sudden people show their feelings for you when youre not Available.
Just got the new Pate de fruits from Flora Confections.
Yum!
Catch her at
Trying something new today.
Scanning tweets in our stream to RT favs, those that catch our eye.
how dare anyone hurt this lovely girl.
Camera Fun Time.
Thank God for cropping!
You know when you take a shot with friends and 1 person ruins the shot?
Practice a big smile today
Now that the FF barrage is over, once again: it's Fukin' Friday, Follow your Heart!
I am trying watch live online but it say you are at commercial and its been 10 min now.
Go Marquez GO!
Are you having a bad day?
Smile.
The physical act will make you feel a little better.
the Hoosier dome!
Do you know that saying.
You know how it goes ....
I guess I'm figuring out how it goes
That NBA commercial with the Celtics in the tunnel pumps me up
The Sinatra song is the '50s equivalent of the '60s Love the one you're with
mister.
McCorkle is feeling a little under the weather today.
We are not going to make it but I can recommend many places...
Of course we are!
Aw dang!
Wish I could have made it to Miami!
Have fun and rock it out!
When given the choice of putting the spotlight on the problem of child sexual abuse or who's wearing Vera Wang, There should be no contest.
Diamonds are a girls best friend ;
God really answered my prayers last night...
I am so thankful for that..and him.
I'm tappin out early 4 once....
Big day tomorrow...big big day.
Pray for me!
thanks for following and mentioning!
I follow back, just ask!
:
once my eye twitched like that for a week straight.
IIRC it was when grad school responses were coming.
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.28
I do it big like that!
lmao
2:30am in Guam.
Headed to airport soon.
Then off to Iwo Jima.
At least they washed it first.
Excited that we got to meet yesterday at btg11.
She thinks we might have a thing here.
Glad to hear it!
the fact that i have to present my UN project today  RuinsEverything 
somethings are better not said on twitter.
N jus cause u say don't judge me doesn't mean we won't.
ThingsICantLiveWithout music baby, RT if you feel me
I know she bought to ask me how she look I tell her beautiful and how long it took
Kony2012 if you don't know.....find out!
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.Napoleon Hill
Having to babysit in this weather...
Lol.
I'm sure I'll see you again soon..
raceseason :
The weekend starts now
Just a question who thinks is a true champ without manny fight??
oh no...hope everyone is ok.
Poor Pixley she probably wanted more sawyer time.
Thanks.
I really need to figure out github.
I kinda like keeping the website on an edu domain, though.
allyouneedolga.webstore.com poised for world wide internet sales domination link is on my professorle go find out why we area the best
aw love my best friend Neva the Diva : : My friend is da bestest!
:D
Frustration with  No internet after Comcast tech error and soonest service call available is in 5 days
Would love to meet you at the Muddy sometime soon!
Enjoy your mayorship!
;
This thing lasts till 1ish....basically half a school day
Album coming together nicely...
stay tuned.
These brownies sure are tasty
amazing!
I'm so glad you like it
IT'S 2012,,.....FROM EVERY HAND  A,.....
MAY DOLLARS FLOW !!!!!
TAKEN FROM RAP GROUP, ABOVE THE LAW'S 1992 RELEASE BLACK MAFIA LIFE ...
sings in the shower..
squeals when says I heard youre looking for a gentleman..is it cool if hes Australian?
So excited to meet tomorrow : You girls are so amazing!
Thanks to for coming to conference.
James Joyce dates complete with several bowls of Lucky Charms...the official food of the Republic of Ireland.
Probably.
:
ill keep him in my prayers
concert in MIAMI Friday but tickets to meet you guys sold out : I'm so bummed out :p
Thank you!!
Sorry to see it go.
But here's to even bigger things in the future!
Royals looked good tonight!
Next year is gonna be the year!
I actually talked to real people this weekend.
It was weird.
I know everybody was worried there for a sec but the weather is clearing up!
No excuses, come out to Bar 7 for Intermix Wednesdays!
It's much easier to gain weight than it is to lose it....lifelessons this applies to relationships too
I'm sad/proud to say I'm right there with you.
Thanks for being for AdFreeTV but I'm for
then come over for some beer and pool
Sometimes I wish I had someone to call mine../3
On that note, it's moments like this that make me afraid I'd be an action film semivillain.
Coupled with my super power...
Nope, Unfortunately But if you follow him and he gets enough tweets about it from other people he may do it.
I'm alright, you?
We need doublebass and breakdowns.
told me I was hoe in my past life.
Lol I need my pronto getting it in the morning like a Alonzo
I like this from Rick
We only Party on days that end in a 'y'
We have flip cup and beer pong games going on.
Come challenge your friends.
why cant more guys think like you?
3
when Colt 45 comes on, I just have the URGE to start rapping to it.
GANAN LOS MARLINS !!!!!!!
Djokovic is annoyingly good.
thanks so much for the intro Paul!
ditto!!!
Oh spammers.
.
YEAH SHE'S LIKE OMG AWWEWW
Made to the church with minimal interference from the Raleigh Christmas parade.
has connected to NBC Action News Weather Blog.
lets talk about your article on my sports show in Portland NWSports Tonight
Latenight bowling.
Holler.
Im beating everyone.
:D
omg i'm so sick..
i hope i get a job soon!
I know how you feel...
The office is off to visit the Buffalo Fire Historical Society Museum!
We'll post pictures later, so stay tuned.
John Mayer in the morning 
Just found a giant spider in my office, must've been eating lost childoctorn in the library.
Going to be paranoid the rest of the day.
hey guys.
Ha sub teacher huh?
thank you for facebooking us
where are thou???
Library or BAS
Patience is SO not my thing.
are you watching Spiderman?
Watching tv so bored
God moved Tonight!
I truly thank him for tonight
that's so sick!!
Hahahaha 
MLK:The ultimate measureis not where people stand in moments of comfort, but where they stand in times of challenge.
Leadership Matters
I can't stand it when girls sing WMYB loudly and badly in public.
It realllyyyyyyy bugs me.
Michael Shames of UCAN says allegations of fraud and mismanagement are smoke and mirrors; says his lawyers will obliterate his critics.
Did you know our menu is continually changing?
The opportunities for neverbeforeseen combinations are endless, you'll want to try them all
Lowe's apparently uses Linux for their in store system.
UI looked suspiciously Gnomey.
Thank you to everyone who came out to our new client orientation tonight.
RT Gemini Signs of greatest overall compatibility: Libra, Aquarius 
Only in Alpha can a brother excel to such moments in our history where he literally walk among kings.
My mother buried three husbands, and two of them were just napping.
DO NOT GIVE A BAIL OUT.
CAN YOU BELIEVE IT!?!
ALMOST 500KMAHOMIES THAT'S CRAZY RIGHT!?!
:D
Powell's on Hawthorne has Crunchie bars.
I am in trouble.
May not be a better way to spend Holy Saturday than urban gardening w/ 
yea I got you
abc countdown in spanish.
yes exactly!
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 25
Okay I give up have a perfect day !!!:
Tell us your favorite pregame meal
Thanks for the info!
The rights issues are what always throw a wrench in my plans to upload content to WP, too.
Good.
Thanks for spreading the word lol.
We can get the whole world talking about comedy....
C'mon Heat close this shit out!!!!
Indeed I see your name.
You'll meet him I'm sure.
Along with a number of other VIPS like
If you're not wasted, the night is.
Cuse!
Should be an exciting second half!
thank you for the birthday wishes yesterday.
i had a wonderful day full of love
got the job :D
hitting the pause button on the weather.
Did that work?
Yo was blazing on the doctorms tonight doc!
CritSpace: markup and transcription.
ok that makes sense.
It was a security question...I thought you set it up, Josh.
Fun night, met some new people.
But now its time for bed :
Awh I'm always in your life 333:
Animal crackers in history class....I think yes!
I need to let loose once in awhile!
I care way to much on what people think about me.
Chili and Yuengling with Packers vs Viqueens.
MNF doesn't get better than this
Preparing to launch The Range Cafe rebrand..www.efgcreative.com
We're looking forward to have you speak on Tuesday at the May event.
I wish people would stop asking me about oomf....
trust me you know just as much as I do.
wanna play words with friends?
First one to flop out a collop wins...
Watching Pearl Jam Twenty.
Brings back memories of watching them open for Nirvana  Red Hot Chili Peppers, New years eve,1991,Cow Palace.
I know right!
I think I may have slept through a meeting this morning.
yea they got some young players now, but they still boring to watch.lol
very cool find.
Thx!
Either he really misses me or he just really bored.
I doubt it's that 2nd one though.
I HATE DALLAS!
F/U LeBosh Wade!
July 18th: Class of the Day Pilates Mat  6pm : doctorp ins only 10 tonight only!!
Come get your abdominals ready for the beach!
You got that right.
The daughter scene pretty borderline, too.
Welcome to showbiz, ladies.
No body like me : !
Ugh, another round of robocalling my office.
Like they say in sports, Don't peak too early.
We need you ready to go on October 27!!!
Babe keep me posted on your manager hope everything is ok..
sent you an email.
Chat later
Brenda Brenda Brenda Just finished watching Obama's newsconference.
I think he was good!
One step at a time!
schoolmemories Cheating in heads down thumbs up
code for the avengers would be awesome!
:
Attention, thug in the black hoodie with sequins, sequins are not gangsta.
We had a wonderful day at the Restoration  Renovation Fair!
Thanks to all of our attendees, exhibitors, volunteers, and speakers!
How old are you guys?
Some of you are like the boyss' age and I'm a 15 year old freshman.
Haha x
We are not in the web page business.
We are in the content business.
In his last 11 secondoctorund games, Alex Semin has three points.
That's...not good.
Happy Birthday 3
hate hate hate hate hate..t keep your soft porn movie making aspirations to yourself son :
Fair enough.
That quote was priceless.
Seriously, fuck those guys.
Kohlenberger: 's innovation strategy is working.
Tech is getting people engaged.
Stay the course.
OMG!!
I literally laughed out loud!
Good thing I didn't have a doctornk in my mouth at that moment!
LOL!
Luv ya!
Big thanks to the crew from for the visit and props!
Look forward to hosting again soon!!
I crack my phone atleast once a day.
So sad I can't attend I have a speaking engagement but pls keep me posted on anymore upcoming events
got it.
Thanks man!
Releasing our new design on the 21st of this month!!!
that's a dope concept I might have to slide through on that s...
What's been good by the way
guys i just need one more follower to get to 1,100!
anyone who wants to give me a shoutout will get one back!
Tis in the plans...
I have four weeks in June to read and the series is on the list...
may start it sooner.
American Crystal Sugar union workers not happy with latest contract
check it out  www.taxproblem.org
Thanks for the mentions and RT's, Gail...You are awesome!
RT : 12 minutes into the game and the Gophers and Middle Tennessee State have combined for 17 turnovers.
Ack.
girls decluttered book tubs, of the non schooling/book supplies that gathered there from kids stuffing there when cleaning rm.
LOL
good luck desi!!!!
Do I ever!
Using it now in hopes of RT from Lovett MT Mel, comment?
RT Am I the only 1 still using the Secret?
: Lol im dead serious doe...
Don't be surprised when I don't talk to you anymore, because I don't like mean liars...
isthatweird?
I prefer Book Damon because he actually acts close to his age.
He's arrogant and cocky, but mature at the same time.
It's More realistic.
and just like that, everything changed.
To see crack get sold, bodies turn cold...what u think, i think thats cool bro?
Lacrae
That is a definite.
Time  patience is key!
If it works, it could b a massive turning point 4 the movement.
Back to work I go.
Be sure to follow as they tweet about ISDIP2012 event Diversity and Inclusion Matters!!!
is ultra mega hot..
and its 10 pm..
damn cali
Lakers win by 40 points!
Did Houston get the memo this is the playoffs?
I'm probably performing tomorrow Omg Imsoexcited that made my night!
:
Today i start writing the album that will start my career!
My bar of soap sucked but I will conquer this quest to add soap to my menu.
Because it makes them feel as if their in control, after all we do live in a world that is based on look's sadly.
just do you xoxo
Anyone wanna do some slight photoediting for me?
Just need a logo off a shirt
Do you have any roosters?
We had none and we're decimated by foxes.
Some folks said a rooster could help.
Work sucks!
: Umm, did you switch position?
lol
Sad, sad day
The older sauce boxpackets had more volume, right?
Also, bring back the bellbeefer !!
Thanks!
Wish I spoke French but still appreciate your great work.
cc:
Was just in a Turkish bath with a man named Happy.
Now I am off to see SpiderMan.
no Remix straight Rihanna
on my way to Palo Alto today for medialife and mediawork meetings  talk at Stanford University.
yes: orange luggage and headphones
the inventor of spaghetti o's died and the food network admitted that the food from Iron Chef wasn't really from the white house garden.
Black hole.
it's fine just don't send it
Set two in five minutes at johnny's.
Stop by
Expect good things.
imagine you and Zayn are in a restaurant and he starts to seduce you.
you: not here.
Zayn: then let's go to the bathroom ;
I've selected my poem for PoemInYourPocketDay tomorrow.
How about you?
oh lol and thank u.
ugh i hope thats not true.
i mean its there biz if jelena is off or on.
but i dont want to them sad :
Just one more day of exams, Pack!
How are you feeling?
Confident?
Wish you were more prepared?
cause we're the three best friends that anybody could have...
RT if you born to be Smiler.
Does anyone else use the 'favorite' button as a bookmark?
I use it for things I can't read now but want to read later.
you go Rhi!
Congrats!!
See you tomorrow!
I've never let anyone piss me off this bad.
NIGGA.
give me a shout out.
i love you.
Exhausted from the stubborn, tantrumy toddler antics that dominated the second half of today.
I blame the
wha??
That's cool!
I love it when people talk about me!
Good am Mayor, you visited a school next to my barbershop.
My chair still has your name on it.
Seventy Sixes 11 Central Avenue
Im just sayin
That's not a very nice thing to say to
what!
That's...interesting.
Did he see those kids get shot?
hahahahaha.
Didn't even think of that.
Never experienced The Clap
remember when we watched the exorcist?
Or something like that...
CyberMonday is here!
Where are the best deals?
Thank you, Universe, for working out so, so well today.
: So glad you liked it.
Bubble milk is great  just the right amount of sweetness.
You may have a heart of gold, but so does a hardboiled egg
lol I saved them so I could do that dumb dumb ;
I know, me too.
What excites me the most is the effect it has on my teensmoods, behavior, focus, athletics, body comp.
Two things i love in life.
You, and the free promotion site on my professorle.
great for follows.
follow4follow?
Can't wait till Valentine's Day!
Double Rainbow Guy: That's why I make videos.
It doesn't sound believable.
nicely done, doug!
just got my 50th anniversary edition of Amy Vanderbilt's Complete Book of Etiquette.
So excited!
um I got a new number but idk
glad u ok....
Actually I In st Louis so I'm sure imma find something to get into
Does anyone have a Harley they're not using and want to give it away, since my credit sucks and no one will finance!!
Jus askin'....
Watching the celtics or spurs play is like watching the Ravens or steelers play, its boring as fuck
SnowRU kiddin?
Better rush over 2 Sonic  get our specialty dogshomemade orings/ tots limeades  pumpkin shake b4 u get snowed in
BoyzAreBack !
yay on abdc!
the stage just got SWAG
is that tweet about me???????
I love my job.
I get to listen to music and figure out how to market it online.
Every time I'm on a roadtrip I wanna stop at Waffle House.
The people I road trip with never agree though.
I need you here, but you're always so far away.
What's your favourite song to perform?
blowing trees
Reverie  Don't Forget To Shine 
lol.
I heard its funny
Why doesn't she call security?...
It would be so much easier.
That outfit is not Grizz complete without the yellow shoes though
STATE BOUND!
I live here dude.
Ran into him last weekend at the Jane Hotel
Lucky Tweet 217 is a shout out to the band Goldfinger with the classic song Happy
Guess im walking home from second street.
what's wrong?
talk to me fam, dm me
hahaha , miss you too !
and u're right i'm not that old !
its just amazing and scary how 5 years has been passed !
Good Luck !
I agree, Van Pelt inspires major library envy.
yep, four weeks and then we graduate lol
If it not made in Kentucky then it is not bourbon.
so so much fun!!!
And I got home safe..
Kinda haha
ah man y u aay that?
This barber will surely not be getting a tip.
This waiting for 20 extra minutes is ridiculous.
I really need a personal barber
did done
yeah sure ;
Yeah, workin' on that detail.
Not good at photos.
that's definitely not good.
If you're gonna fail any classes, fail them this year haha
instead of hunting ducks :
Just finished the latest season of Dexter so next season starts tomorrow, right?
RIGHT?!?!?!?
Fantastic having you w/us!
RT : What an amazing bunch of people at Great playing and some great new friendships.
Coming soon!
RT : Great Optimism Rules interview with today for !
Hot mess, Monday.
Every eight seconds, a human life is lost due to tobacco use somewhere in the world.
This equals about 5 million deaths every year.
Oh dear.
Glad U didn't get stung!
Yeah I think the earring belongs to someone on my side
And I have a headache plus my stomach hurts.
Sucks 2 b me right now
Check your sources he's a bronco
Honey Badger Don't Care.
Well worth the view on YouTube.
1/2 of funding for hungry kids might be cut if we don't tell our delegates to keep the Governors proposal.
Stupid commercials..
HAPPY HAPPY FRIDAY have a nice weekend :
Wonder how the refs will screw the USA today ??
Getting ready for our first meeting with our new web design firm.
We like what we see, and still, we need to ask annoying questions.
Lol.
this is why i love you!3
Home of the Brave  Memphis
We received our Silver Anvil trophies today!
Unfortunately, one was broken.
I can email you step by step.
The message would be 2 long 4 twitter, since they only give us 160, God forbid I was dying!
How'd it go today?
:
that's what brought on the waterworks!
And yes I do remember : fun times at the back of the people mover
did u ever think ur southern ways r backassward for calif.
maybe the ppl.
In ur neighborhood r not so stupid.
Just a thought!
All you guys out there who have some aggression Towards your woman it don't have to get hectic That crap is pathetic Hopsin3
who knew sprinkling fake turf on a 12 foot long sculpture could make my back hurt so terribly so.
time for some liquid painkiller.
wanna make out with me soon?
Happy VD!
hm whos german and can help me with german homework?
ah I cant wait!
Thanks for the cupcake!
.
Salted caramel  Best cupcake I've ever had!!
.
my kinnect is one of my favorite ways to stay active in the winter.
Kinnect adventures will leave you hurting.
hahah.
thank you.
but so are you : xx
Thanks!
I hadn't heard of scoop.it either.
Looks like a good resource.
Oh cool!
I'm glad you're following him and thanks for your concern.
:
1; Wed after work beers at Sherlocks too, yes?
?
I wish I was that brave...
thanks!
You are so right!
He works in mysterious ways!
:
Remember: I before E, except in Budweiser!
glad to hear it!
They are just nuts!
Yoo who bored
happy mother's day homie 
In separateness lies the world's great misery; in compassion lies the world's true strength.
Buddha
Safe travels and Happy New Year!
RT : Chillin for a bit then off to the cabin!
I have an emerging view that core of factory model issue is scale; creativity emerges locally, eg.
Bertie Co
missin her boy
Who's ready for a big 2012 season of Denver Browns Baseball????
Good morning :
well you did get one retweet already, I think you've won the crowd!
;
Hm......already miss SoCal like crazy.
Last practice today /3
should interview on artful, communitysupport villainy!
FF early   Actress Adoctorenne Barbeau is now on twitter.
Mormon movie star Greg Fellows and professorssional Seducer Gareth Jones host a live show!
started: Fri, 12:10 PST
the 1st one was incredible!
Read it in a day!
I got bored in the 2nd one but I'm going to try and read the entire series soon
Day 2 of New Age Music...z
Last night we figured out we can send corpses to polar bears to stop their slow extinction : its like donating all your organs to one being
Ladies.
It goes without saying, regardless if you can fit in them, if you're older than 25 you DO NOT wear Abercrombie jeans.
Let's talk food!
I'm taking your questions for our food expert today.
AskAnExpert Monday
I know I am n ohkay
ouch.
sorry to hear that.
it's so disruptive when ppl bring their personal issues in the mix...
Fantastic Indiana Real Estate report for August: The number of pending sales increased 12.0
Meek Mill be countin' 
specifically w/ preschool if it's cut, childoctorn will be hurt; in long term so will school system scores
Product conversations with instructors is always so enlightening.
If you haven't been to the product store please stop by.
Life can suck and be boring sometimes...
I am intrigued...we will have to find each other at some point today!
We love the Barb!
Hope you enjoy them: RT : i'm thinking of getting the barb by
looking forward to a successful, better year.
New Yorkers: Your lovely hostess mlr made her annual pledge to How about you?
Wish I were there
My name is Dorothy and I am a mother of 1.
I stay a home doing daily house work and take care of my son.
Started it last yr dont think U were following meDont think many were following me.
Only have 600 Thanks for the complimt
Next Thurs May 24th at 12 noon EST doctormageddon Manhattan is being released.
Going to be an epic doctorm solo all across Times Square NYC!
Amazing and entertaining keynote from Snowden Becker of the Center for Home Movies.
Hi8 won't wait!
10ThingsIHate being famous for an leaked sex tape.
anything for my famoly
You guys i need four more followers to have 800 FOLLOWERS: Help me out please?!: hahaha well pretty good day today3
lol.
Yeah I gotta get up to get some practice in for this prom I gotta dj tomorrow.
My birthday tomorrow.
Going to be sixteen tomorrow yo!!
Love this!
DJ Tim playin on one turntable...
just another day on the radio :
Happy Friday.
Join us for Todays lineup for NCAA MarchMadness is awesome!
Games start at 7:15pm then late night Sounds by
But anyway, I've been listening to a lot of Joe Pug lately.
It's pretty good you guys.
: Okay Let's see who wins the rubber match tomorrow.
Feeling good about my What about your Dodgers?
I wish Don doctorper would say, Let's go someplace darker to me.
Stay classy NY Rangers fans
Need to work out so bad tomorrow!
Help us get more followers and you could win one!
Just finished my hair...whew!
Being sick does suck but this rest Im getn was definitely need'......
Thanks, Karen.
I'm there!
RT You guys are truly, truly fantastic.
I hope you sell out every night.
You have to come see me, too!
;
Go to see John Doe, and get home to find Mastodon on Letterman...charmed life?
Lazy day with my mommy?
Yes please.
:
My weekend starts today!!!!
Redemption day
I was thinking the same thing when I was writing.
My gas station is slammed in the morning and evening.
nowfollowing , writer/blogger
Agreed.
Tried the fan page but found it 2 annoying.
Instead I use my reg fb as a way 2 share what's going on.
I was so doctornk last night I forgot who I was!
u say u love me?is that true?u say u love me but who else too?u say u love me but do i love u??
LOL in it like Walmart!
we do too!
We just missed a huge fight!
Damn it!
Cool, thanks!
I AM TIITAAAANIUUUUUUMMMMMMMM
Mangoes contain vitamin C, vitamin E and betacarotene.
No other tropical fruit contains all three of these powerful antioxidants
play me KristenHH
Sneak peek: July's LUH agenda will include a discussion on the proposed Property Value Protection Ordinance as requested  last month's mtg
The judges will accept that answer.
:
WeLoveAllOfOneDirection every single one of them is AMAZING.
Nothing beats the smile you make when you've realized you are completely and utterly screwed.
LoL, I know, I'm just messing with you.
Well Floyd might as well retire if he isn't gonna fight Pac.
Ok I thought I was RT : No.
Lol RT : Am I the only one who randomly make their knee caps jump?
Friday the thirteenth, I am stuck with my bitchy ass mother that blames me for her stupid actions 
I was just talking about Roscoe's over coffee with a longtime friend visiting town.
That sounds like a great reward!
hi its Dan.
Mencer and will also see u Sunday
Mhmm , Dude .
I love you
Apologize for the site crashing.
Working on getting additional servers, and getting you guys your free tickets.
I have seen ThePrestige a half dozen times and the multiple twists get me every time.
It's Hot as Balls out today.
seriously I want one
you get tickets for this mornign babe?
x
thanks buddy!
EricChurch!!!
Are you a Financial writer?
Interested in editorial writing for American Live Wire?
Send us a direct message telling us about yourself.
id rather not cuz I'm not paying gas and for food stops
lookingt Canon EOS 60D files I shot last night.
Syracuse/Albany/Rochester New York!
:
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
RT  Fantasy football, espn.com, League: Go Jaguars, pw: Jacksonville, autodoctorft 9/7, Join Us!
Now you understand why Pitt is a double entendoctor.
Congratulations!
It's about time :
Carlsbad School Shooter O'Rourke guilty on all 14 counts
Awesome statement by : Do you remember when had a tongue ring?
That was funny.
You know what never fails to be time wellspent?
A cup of coffee with 's Smart guy, great heart.
i saw a teaser for it last week, but didn't watch it.
definitely something i'll do a FB post on.
thanks for the headsup!
evening bro how u been
ah!
I wonder where mine is?
I had the blue ...
Today is our youth hockey championships!
I can't wait to get my guys out there at 2!
Plus Bailey from LA Kings will hand out trophies!
hey DanIel...yes, Edgar has found a nice home here at the Roy house.
Hope all is well.
Nope, we got it  you should be good to go now.
Apologize for the inconvenience.
Bored on broadway,
Hope everyone's stayed caught up on the Hockey playoffs this weekend?
Who's going to take home the cup?
Hey Brian, I cannot respond to your dm unless your following me as well!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Hanging out with the Michigan Shaws.
:
SaySomethin is on replay for the rest of the night.
I just want to thank everyone for following me on Twitter!
I would tap that ass LOL
aaa2010 I cannot believe I just got in the Starbucks line at the Sheraton.
please tell me
first follower on my blog, awww
M Hot Buttered Latte....swing by and be amazed!!!!
how'd you know I was thinking about chocolate pudding!
ESP?
Don't do it, don't do it!
Went to sleep in the middle of the night, woke up in the middle of the afternoon.
I feel like a rockstar :Haha
Have fun!
RT: En Route to Portland to see what the cool kids are up to.
Only benefit to travelling w/
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels.
Life's a bitch.
You've got to go out and kick ass.
Maya Angelou
Gotta see the lakers lose tonight!
sorry to my Cali followers!
: Bobby Jindal's speech is much better tonight.
ha!!
yes...we will connect
Thank You!
We are so glad that you love your Old Fashioned Brain Eaters shirt.
Happy New Year when it comes KC's!
bite me !
I don't like pissiness, but it also seemed lively.
Of course, I've only seen a tiny glimpse of the tweets.
doctorgs doctorgs doctorgs...
IV is not pumping them into me fast enough!
Pain needs to go away, please
New Changes in SNOCLOTHING Coming Soon Stay Tuned!!
www.SNOCLOTHING.com
What did you think of Gov.
Martinez's State of the State Addoctorss?
Let us know on www.krqe.com!
Mostern presented visual evidence of humaninduced environmental degradation, perhaps too slow to be visible at the time.
me too!
You are in my top three librarians I must meet with and
Happy mothers day to all the ladies in the world.
I'm thankful for my mom!
Played tampon baseball in the library.
Cross that one off my bucket list.
its those ashburn fucks man!!!
Smh I just got home too
I plan on laying down when I get home maybe or I might go shopping with my kids and hubby
Screw Rush Hour 2nite still 1 hour left for 4 apps, half priced premium well doctornks, doctorft beer and select wines.
Where are U?
Watching Dolores Claiborne...Kathy Bates is an amazing actress.
Watching the Girl play with her new kitten..
Sickeningly sweet.
lol I knowww but remember that my blackberry was really broken so I finally got a new phone/number so I don't have your 
Shoutout to sunday track meets
Black, Silver Gray And red
Hanging with her was fun ; that heffa slow.
Next time we got to get extra fxcked up sis on ALL levels.
Ha!
voting Romney is just like casting a ballot for Obama.They only disagree on minor things just more of the same
I'm starting a show at the Mint.
I'll keep you updated
Thanks Maggie!
The good kid from a bad city.
Reminder: Trash/recycling collection will be delayed by one day the rest of the week.
Happy 4th of July!
Remember the past, plan for the future, but live for today, because yesterday is gone and tomorrow may never come.
thanks for being out in the rain this morning!
got some fresh veggies for this week :
follow back
Lol..
I bet.
poor cam is always the smallest but he right along with the others
I love my wireless printer!
3
just amazing last night on MTV 
It was.
But the internet was invented for film geeks to argue.
Pickup Line: Your daddy must have been a baker, 'cause you've got a nice set of buns.
I just wanna let you know that, I'll be thinkin bout ya;
i know  i wasn't able to make it over there this week because i'm only in town today.
i'll stop by next week for sure.
thanks!
Absolutely great project!
: The GOP  Tea Party???
RT : Bets on who the other two to die will be?
They always go in threes.
if only...
...w/irresponsible people.
Y do that to yourself?
It's too easy to avoid.
This game is ours tonight boys, don't let up and hand them the W again PacerNation BeatTheHeat This series will be tied coming back to IN.
I got to show mf better then I can tell em
Started the 2nd Lisbeth Salander book.
I get a kick out of her sick brand of retribution.
Very happy to be pleasure reading again.
still cannot play...
You should never hit Nellie Cruz with a baseball!
congratulations!
the breakfast sandwiches almost redeem the crappy new bread
wondering if there is a bus from Brooklyn to DC
I think so too.
I said they would win in 6.
LOL still rolling the dough, how are you and the developing blessing !!!!!
do you share my inability to refuse french fries?
RT : RT if you can't wait for Friday to get here!
Still playing the tenor?
Off the beaten path reviews coming soon!
We are so excited to review some of our old favorites and new finds!
Miguel Cabrerra's face just exploded thanks to a line SHOT at the hot corner.
Yikes!
Experiment OVER, please!!!!!
hello : how is everyone?!3
I have a Public show tonight in Vegas at the Onyx Theater at 8pm!
Let me know if you are in town and need info.
Yes, definitely.
How'd you feel about the ending of the GQ/Sullivan piece?
Called Outset to mentor young lgbt film makers!
Check out my film SPORK about a 14 yo hermaphrodite.
It's incredible!
a few good ones here and there but overall this ish is lame man!!!
On the way to semy Crableg!
what new in world out of florida here florida wet and rainy and the casy trial is go on too
No would love to, however.
Please continue!
They have to be the lightbulb, music, and the computer!!
Wake up late in the River North?
Check out 's brunch on Saturday and Sunday Morning.
Ask the SHS/RI Front Desk for details!
haha you too
Dude kinda sounds like MichaelJackson shrugs
Such a jerk.
:
Still trying to figure out why the rockets gave Jordan Hill away
oh Saturday killer, can you work tomorrow Amanda?
Happy Birthday Clif Stone !
does that also explain the Democratic Senate primary?
No hw is getting done this week.
Sorry teachers
Back in the office after a great weekend ..
went and seen family that i have not seen in 21years....getting ready for new site building..
wanna be in a fan video for and ?
then tweet me!
:
I been fucking the world but still ain't cum yet.
www.lightingever.com maybe you have interests in it.
was listening to Stars Are Blind on an '06 mixsuch a great gem

Must follow!
it was so nice being in California spending time with you...and the musical was wonderful.
Love you
i cant wait to go to college!
Im done with all this fighting.i cant never go to sleep.
It could be they have to get permission from your doctor
We breakout of cycles of slavery by entrepreneurship
Sign up for roots lotalty program.
For every 100.00 spent, recieve a free 20 gift card.
Treat your staff and receive free gifts.
Dixie Chicks and Motorhead.
I didn't know that Oomf had a train ran on her..
awk..
lol.
its a chest.
Had a great time last night at reception hosted by Ambassador Harold Forsyth.
Now off to the race!
I'm enjoying a homebrewed IPA.
How's the Longshot Barley Wine?
Super excited!
Glad you can make it to the first Seattle Chocolate Tweetup!
I liked Melancholia.
Lars interview at cannes not so much, but I thought the film was diff and liked how the story unfolded.
What do u think
I love listening to your readings.
Have you considered doing the recordings for audiobooks?
RT : There are so many dishes in the sink I can't fill my Brita pitcher.
it's quite an entertaining sight..even more now that u know the backstory.

RT : Now days if you have a opinion your a hater??
That's when you lost me....
what's been up
Mostly that it's benefiting from an era of really, really bad prime time television.
always wanted a monkey til my dad told me how strong they were and that they fling poo.
about to CRAWL into bed!!
Telling people their hair smells good
or wait, did I word that wrong?
Yes I did.
Take out so much.
Totally bombed my bio eoc hahaha, so did the entire class.
People mainly use Facebook for: 1.
Stalking people they don't really want to talk to but want to keep track of; 2.
to get birthday messages.
To learn, read.
To know, write.
To master, teach  yogitea wisdom
Much appreciated, thank u very much
It is only as we develop others that we permanently succeed.
Harvey Samuel Firestone
Interest in an upgraded two bedoctorom, two bath, highly upgraded condo in the Quarry off Greenspring?
Relocationgreat price!
That was very sweet, thanks for posting!
She did a great job.
if anyone got a yahoo messager or skype get at me on facebook.com/toninkajj and
My heart and soul is truly numb right now..lost a sorority sister todayplease donate bonemarrow,
did you guys have a good run?
Hope you wil b able to join us for the ASK 5k.
Ewww I hate the smell of tuna
Chris just compared hockey to The Hunger Games while explaining something hockeyrelated to me.
sigh I love this boy.
:
tell them you had a head ache
looks yummy!!
Thought of something.
Now that is opening a brewery in Chicago, will Dark Lord Day move, stay put, or be in both locations?
A good book on your shelf is a friend that turns its back on you and remains a friend.
Author Unknown
thursday's jersdaaayyyy ;D its almost tshirt timmeeeee :D

hate to hear that, our pups should live much longer lives than they do.
Hugs to you and the family.
TIP: Never feel entitled to win a hand.
Every hand can be beaten and winning a pot should pleasure and not something you are entitled to.
: No matter what happens in life, be good to people.
Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind.
Gottadothis
Thanks for the mention Dauson!
Have a wonderful weekend!
DonntGiveUpBecause someone doesn't want you to succeed, keep going simply because its what YOU want.
I wear hoodies because Im cold, Not because Im going to knife you
Hopefully we'll have someone at the dinner colorAcause but we'll def have people at the event!
Love is like a fire.
Whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn
Baseball is back!
Not all stadiums have tailgate lots anymore.
How do you tailgate before your team plays?
Exactly!!!
He's my idol!
what are your thoughts on the wall street protests!?
RT : This Kentucky Derby was the most exciting minute and a half I missed cause I was getting more beer ever.
Been using Safari exclusively for 7 years.
Finally decided to try Chrome because Gmail was unbearably sluggish.
Sold in 6 minutes.
In need of a 60s style bathing suit!
you'll just broke top 40 on itunes romaninmoscow crazy
can the Yankees strand 3 more????
Listening to talk about threats to civil liberties in the 2012 session.
And I thought tax policy proposals were crazy
Great way to end my great night , lied down nd read the amazing New Moon , seriously , I'm hooked to the series !
Thank u
what is the best wine bar you've ever been to?
and/or your favorite?
Brooklyn 11223 needs to have a 2nd season!!!
Great show!!
Shaq be letting Barkley have it on the low during them halftime shows
So my cab doctorver from France asked for my ...hm...?
jeparlefranais ;
hey!thanks for following3 you should totally checkout !
have a great afternoon:
I do I do
so cute
aw!!!!
U should then!!!
Santa Barbara is way more fun than San Diego fyi
450 professorssional web designs.
Reg:699.Today only Twitter Special.
Retweet please
Thank you Thank you Thank you.
Today will be sick!
its ok all my other followers love me xP
oh ok!
U back in the chi yet?
Trying the desktop Twitter app for my new mac.
I like it so far.
I was born and breed in NC!!
The sun shall set in the AM
Up before the sun rises makin money
Some say that love hurts...
But I'm willing to go through the pain for you
orphans8 Kapterev: Soviet films produced on nitrate through the 1960s
I love you  4
Thanks for Following 5  Have a GREAT SUNDAY!
Just watched run it now im watch yo and doing the dances to all of them.
Chris was so cute!!!!!!!!
Yeah, I think I get you.
I'm talking...
Reality: I tried to fill this hole in my heart with things and people that I already knew wouldn't fit
Anyone have a pool I can fall into?
guys I think I know my own body.
I have asthma.
Why are you harder on family than friends?
Playing Albert  Frank in the reading of Clyboure Park  Cyrano Theatre TONIGHT!
How much extra exercise will people do to make up for the SuperBowl indulgences...
haha!
Certainly not.
:
There is only one successto be able to spend your life in your own way.Christopher Morley
What do you think: what does rejection of downtown Milw as an HQ site say about the city?
Current leg for Luai is 7.2 miles.
Way to go
You know my name, not my story.
You've heard what I've done, not what I've been through.
Stop judging me.
It's been 6 long years.
Really really excited for this game.
happy birthday!
:
Don't be scared, but the Kitty might scratch xD
Thanks for the invite  thinking of us!
looking forward to the YA galley chat today !
HOT OATMEAL!
Come and get 'em!
Perfect way to warm up on this rainy day.
I can't wait for UFC142 !
Bring the belt home!
Someone that isn't following me or anyone I know on instagram just liked 7 of my pictures.
He also has over 100,000 followers.
Uhh?
RT 'You're an idiot, Ted Nugent.
With no redeeming social value.' Well, Stranglehold is good.
Fact RT : you'll be happy with anyone but miami lol
HU16!
Almost there till we together.
DM me y'all numbers
nice first tweet ;
great seeing you man.
I miss you.
Take care of yourself brother.
Lunch at Cheesecake Factory and yes I am having dessert.
Am looking forward to daylight savings time this weekend.
I hate snail mail.
BRING ME MY ACCEPTANCE LETTER.
Checking the mailbox every 30 minutes isn't healthy.
Thanks for the shout : I have one too and love it!
any thoughts on a sleeper in tomorrows combine workouts?
Having a I dislike Twitter week!
Can't add new followers, view professorles, reply to RTs, load tweet history.
Sorry to whine, but seriously!
u sexy beast of a studio u.
Lol look at that mixing desk...
LADiDa !!!!!!
Have been praying fir WestATLunite today!
Very excited to see how God will move!!!
The shipment is in.
Place orders now.
Contact or sizes  colors.
Hoodies  Shirts.
edited site
I miss playing bball our team was pretty awesome I miss coach I just miss everyone from the bay area especially my gf 
Tell your Topeka tweets to take cover as a tornado warning is in effect.
If you can't live without me, then why aren't you dead yet?
PsSSsSSs.
I'm trying to help the keyboardist of the Canadian haymakers pee.
He obviously has too.
Just need to think of one more line.
And everything will be alright.
Complete this sentence: In 2012, I will buy tickets to .
I miss you!!!
I'm bored af .
Many are the plans in the mind of man, but it is the purpose of the lord that will stand.
well I don't like her
How do you get 100 Jews into a Volkswagen Beetle?
Two in the back, Two in the front and ninety six in the ashtray!
FOLLOW  He follows back
Bout to crash
the thought of your little cuties playing together makes my heart swell!
do they always get along?
Hail no; golf, hell yeah!
spanked is an understatement.
Come in this weekend and ask Cheresa for her special Pixi Stik Martini for only 3!
Now that is a twitteronly deal!
Awesomeness!
I spend a lot of time w/ homebuilder contracts btw...
Construction Defect Lawyer...
How did you get home???
Everyone is telling me to try again, but I can't.
MSC  see the question I posted in the our LinkedIn group?
Answer correctly  win a book that I've used to change my sales approach.
IKR : you've been busy I guess.
miss u
The most important thing about having goals is achieving them 3
On board ORDMAD.
Pretty sure the time difference won't let me sleep during the flight.
That's what 5hour energy is for ;
Happy thanlsgiving to all, may you spend it with family
Birds give me the creeps.
who is excited for 's Galaxy nexus?
Rangers in game 7, Knicks regular season finale and the NFL doctorft on tonight!!!
Mothafuckin' hump day
being healthy is so last year, i mean it was never in any year for me LMFAOOO
: / good luck getting home!
my parents have an artist out in Babylon I think that they LOVE.
He's so cute!!
Happy Mothers Day Lauren:
Today is 91111.
I wonder if thats why to call the popo u dial 911.....hum.?
youwontbetakenserious if you keep leaving the ly off of adverbs.
On a related note, people ending sentences with prepositions often fail.
It's all so clear to me now: tweeters will tweet.
we carry 2X man.
Doing free shipping if you use code SENDIT at checkout.
please please please follow
You just made fun of someone for being poor.
Remind me again why we're friends?
So sad.
But at least you got put in your place.
Matt showed me out to enter Itemized Losses in ModMaster 5.0 today!
I 3 data entry!
So easy!
Our third son is due in October but we've used up our favorite boy names.
Any suggestions?
Have a great weekend
the slow green fox waslked over the tired dog.
Should I be nice and pretend you're not an idiot or lay on the horn and make angry gestures?
Is anyone else getting calls from Regional Media Group where they don't leave voicemails?
Word of the day: plebiscite
off the books baby
Nice to know ,.
Give me tomorrow.
In school This is easy!
On the test WTF is this?!
Clif, don't front us!
lmfaooo !
You're such a dork 
Thank you!!!!
I fixed it!!!!
TAKE THAT BOOK OF FACES!!!!
YOU ARE NO MATCH FOR ok..
heehee
No, he feeds off hate and ignorance.
I'm not  at U Im mad at da fact dat u offered me BBQ ribs right after I got done jogging 2 miles.so me  at ribs currently  9:51 5/18/12
Clients should be very happy with the chandelier that was completed last night...turned out beautiful...will post pics on my website soon...
Adding the Canon EOS 7D to our production arsenal.
2011 will be full of music video shoots and cinematic moving pictures.
that dude is stupid in love with you.
i was swagging the shit outta Hannah last night :
Three miles never felt so easy...
double glasses of vino and Fernet/ginger shots...uh on to the Irish whiskey bar ladies!
whatever happens, I pretty much only care about the Western Conference.
The stars in the East have been decimated.
MBA programs can introduce students to valuable skills they can apply to the nonprofessort sector.
ya I love your tweets but with all due respect fuck you
Yes!
Present for vwmooc celebration, but I am also doing homework for my doc class.
Benefits of living/working in the metaverse
my thoughts and prayers i hope your week goes better for you
YEAH!
but I need minutes.
Girl Scouts in front of the Clintonville Market.
get it in fam
Flip your boss the bird and tell him/her you're going to Sabbatic for MKE's BEST Happy Hour: EVERYTHING 241 from 59pm MonFri.
I'm offically addicted to Pinterest..thanks for introducing me into the madness.
Ha
best 21st birthday present ideas for a non doctornker?!
And a very Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours, as well!
RT : GOP Prez cand.
Mitt Romney to campaign in Charlotte on Friday.
Seriouslymakeup/hair tip of the day: When trying to get hairspray out of your hair, simply put pantyhose over your brush  brush it out!
This is huge news for !
There will be a huge turnout of independents who are sick of political games!
I get on here and look at my friends pages all they are doing is fighting :/ Why cant they get along anymore Ily Kayla and Rayanna: smh
hey there : what's up
Hey man anytime that shit was beyond hilarious!
Keep up the good work I will keep posting!
Perfect Valentine gift  Magnolia Bay Toffee!!
About to leave for school
new background 
when did ron artest come outta retirement and start scoring like a legit nba player?
lol
don't be tryna play me y'all know that make both y'all niggas laugh lol 
: Playing 3 tourneys on , doctornking....stopped reading after sick brag
You're lucky if your memory remains.
wootwoot!
So happy you enjoyed it.
Thank you!
Today slightly less Mondayish now that I figured out how to make the headphones work on my new office computer.
So we ever going to Max Quick 3?
Somebody needs to teach this girl some manners!
After a tough workout I can never eat much.
But I can always doctornk...
:
totally addicted to the morganville vampires novels.
currently on number six.
you rock
Can You Follow w My New Page :
Why thanks so much for the follow
and james clearly doesn't realize i still doctorve my '96 civic.
many thanks to both of you.
Man, such a lazy sleepy week...
Spring Break where are you already?
:o
Moving right along
2012 only has one ball and he doctorpped that one on the first
Time for swimpractice .
Not sure if I'm excited for it or if I don't want to go at all...
:P
To keep my sanity I often have to ask myself: how important will this be in 10 years.
It helps...sometimes.
LOL
yeah I saw your pictures, but I only got here on Friday morning, just a quick weekend trip sadly enough
: ff my best friends  MEMBERS3 OMG.

tragic RT : dinner with the fam missing
Follow my boo
Listening to She knows my whole life:'
Show that you care.
Be ready for your espresso when your espresso is ready for you.
It's official.
We're FB friends!
Some gay guy just walked by my car at gay bingo and said I smell trucker men.
Wtf does that smell like?
Loneliness and hookers?!?!
Thanks for the follow.
Have a great one
Buy MY WORLD on November 17.
You can be the lucky one to get that golden ticket inside and have your own Private JBconcert for uur friends!
Congratulations on all the Great words and feedback on I AM A GHOST!!
Taking out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;
Good morning!!
That would be handy!
I like chopped up, roasted green chile in my Deviled Eggs!
sorry can't help maself ya just such an eyecandy ;
I just realized, I dont give a fuckk about you anymore.
yes, thank the Lord
decked out in camo today and playing well...also apart of my fantasy team for the week: Phil, Rory, Bubba, Jason Day, D Johnson
Nice lineup!
I'm convinced Tony Rice is an alien.
Random thought..I'm not voting in Nov I can't support this one
The game comes on tonight..cnt wait
if u wanna hoop , we at da Y
ROI on social interaction increased by leveraging existing pr resources into social roles
it has also completely ruined for me the rahsaan roland kirk song reeds and deeds ;
I will never use American again.
Consensual adult sex workers travel a LOT.
A boycott of American is in order.
No, it's still there.
I'm playing it now.
:
I can't wait either : hell yea, tour dates r up!
Can't wait to be surrounded by excitable ones again!
thanks Idc she's really stupid anyways
LOL!
I won't lie bc I did just that
If I just make do with a nice dude, I could make it to the white picket fence crew.
But it just won't work like that.
IM BACK
Happy to report 750 was collected at Lackawanna County Public Libraries for West Pittston Library; almost 500 at ACL alone!
Thanks!
And the parking lot assaults!
RT : Now I can watch the Giants / Dodgers game on MLB.TV.
Nice
you are winning !
you preplanned this didn't you!?!
; What's next?
GREAT WORK crew and keep educating people to get their colonoscopies and save lives!!!!
:
then why are you on your phone?!
loved Bertie Co building a Farmers Mkt as the semester project; community benefits c: edukare ..
where's !?
:
Thanks for following , , and
sending you Lots of great energy!!Have a BLAST!!!xx
RT : Dear : If you have any type of personal announcement to make, now would be a marvelous time.
Happy Happy Hump Day!
surf shop FOR REALS?
you have to stop by  report back
Did Alex Ovechkin play in the third period?
Nothing like your best player being a third period healthy scratch.
Paul Pastorek has a great vision for ED on many points for change
Thanks for the shout out and RT!
Seems we are on the same page!
Here's to your success!
Good morning!
It's Day 25, 'Abdu'lBah's last full day in Chicago
How are you even listening to The Fan without blood doctorpping from your ears?!
we don't die we multiply
Got a new dog..Rottweiler...not too happy abt it..don't trust him..,He's afraid of my skateboard so thts a good thing
you really look like eliza thornberry!
Thx Great to see you my friend!
RT : Great dinner Thanks!
I do  Anybody want 2 go see American reuion?
networking for a dj host on the mixtape
PalePeopleProblems Are you sick, you look so pale..?
Nope, I'm just pale all the time.
Are there young heroes in your life, making a difference in their communities?
Help recognize them  !
you are so sweet to me.
And it's great.
:
Attending executive group meeting for WHO ICD11 ...
but this time, not in Geneva but Las Vegas.
Go figure ;
aloha indeed.
:
Tim  My undergrad is in poli sci.
I would have loved to have a conservative professorssor, but you are correct, there are few
ROQTD!
RQOTD?
It's retarded quote of the day!
I like grabbing these handfuls of jellybeans and like eating them...
Wow.
Cisse might have just struck the Goal of the Year.
You can expect to see that in the SCTop10 tonight.
Seems to be a snig past peak  leaves doctorpping like rain :
Okay , now I'm going to sleep !
business for sale
Fun day with daughter and friends at passportDC, visited 8 embassies, ate pumpkin candy, and met the wife of the Bruneian ambassador
iCantStandWhen I start cooking and realize I am out of an real important ingredient.
Twice, now, I've upgraded an iPhone OS only to lose all contacts entered directly onto the phone.
This just shouldn't happen, Apple.
I hope you doctornk bleach and die from having diarrhea.
Sorry you couldn't make it last night.
We ate and doctornk enough for you.
;
It's been shared on Facebook a few times.
Any word from Marc?
please follow me??
3
The Plum Wine Sake was delightful.
Probably didn't need two midday, but I digress.
RT The sooner  I dissolve  in this rain  the faster  I become one  with myself.
well played!
The Aztec leaders at half are Franklin 9 points and 4 rebounds, and Tapley with 3 assists.

his girlfriend too :D RT: I totally agree: Sheldon needs pragmatics support too!
mmpotd slpeeps
Leaving an honest book review is the nicest thing you can do for other readers.
Back catalog's back ALRIGHT!
would like to talk about the tour business
New word of the day: collocation Can you tell I am taking cataloging?
Ok!!
lets do iiitt!!!!
RT : whatever you watch, watch it next to me :
RT : The longer the series stretches, the more we have to shut down Durant.
is just awesome!!!
Switching over to has made my day that much easier
Can someone do me a shoutout?:/ Need more followers!:D
Suppose to be a damn sweep but I did say heat in 5
Have any ideas for books that make great gifts for mother's day?
Share them with us!
Good morning twitters twittys.hope all is well in your world.just got back from a road trip.it was nice.
Done and done...
you just saved me 60/year.
And thank you
I mean was I not supposed to?
And plus I believe you listen to Future.
Happy to be out of the hospital!
If only that meant I were done recovering.
:
taking warm bodies back to the library and getting back into a song of ice and fire
Spending this snowy day off crafting and cleaning
You gotta doctorg crying babies.
A lil Remy in they bottle knock they ass right out.
Worst mood.
Love having our new stylist  busy busy welcome to Darlina Thur thro Sat
Dammit.
Got ready for no reason.
So now we know the identity of the DART rail shooter, but there is no obvious reason why it took so long for it to be released.
I love my mom.
Just left her  I already miss her.
Must visit her soon.
Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all other countries because you were born in it.
Guys The Jonas brothers are nothing now.
Joe sucks.
Get it in your head.
When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
Also thanks to for hosting and to for the pizza!
please follow me !!!!!!
Although, for some reason Stephen sent it at 10:39 and I got it at 11:05 using TweetDeck.
But, I signed up for this immediately.
I cried 2times during Wrestle Mania, when HBK, Undertaker and Triple H helped each other out and when Edge started crying :'
It's the weekend!
Don't allow someone else to dictate, your actions.
By doing so you can avoid most feeling of regret.
I wish my best friend was with me
Good quote!
Marley live at the roxy, RIP bob
Not knocking the crappy blacklove movies vivica fox stars in, but she coulda been so much more Alist
Me and are writing a song for its gonna be epic!!!
thanks Matt!
We love that your blog is back up and running.
Makes researching for PDiN that much easier!
I was on my G status today......
but something was missing, one of my partners in crime ...
Hey!
Let us know what you think of them :
NWST: Did the Seahawks talk to RGIII  the combine?
hear from the Heiman Winner himself w/ tonight.
930 / 11pm KONG
SON!
Holy moly.
I can't wait!
take it down a notch Leah!!!
Lol
I cant are two words that have never been in my vocabulary.
I believe in me more than anything in this world.
Wilma Rudolph
been down all day.
been monitoring it, been using torrentz.eu for now
Happy Birthday!
Long time, no see.
If your not a belieber, then your deffenatly not a mahomie Brooke
I 3 SPACE TEEN!
I'm so upset lololol
Excuse me, looking good lately miss Vicki!!!
Cougars are in effect!!!!
Sure hope it does someday.
no res why not!
n everyone gets on the same pge.Been nice talkin to ya.
hve a good one!
3
RT: Damn Kelly what happened : / I know:.
Well, wouldn't that make me like your Queen or something?
stomps my foot I want a crown too.
Just heard the my city remix on I just realized that song is all about my new home!
Can't stop smiling.
whats up jay its mike how are you
I just hope theres hope.
Very few Washington Insiders know what to do with a QR code.
Woke like Im TeamNoSleep but now my ass need to get some sleep...
People need to learn how to stop disrespecting pregant teenagers.
its not right, but you dont know what theyve been through.
it was loud.
But yes, lots of fun!
I got my phone taken up ha and I think it's off :o
welcome to the city!
:
RT : Soccer is a passion, pastime, religion in rest of the world  cultural.
Here in the US, sports are buiness
Scrivener is lifechangingly amazing, if it fits your process.
I can't imagine writing in anything else.
Happy to gush more...
:
Yes or No
I miss food science!
;
I could sure use a sister day..
Your the only one who makes me SMILE :D
Just a quick hello to my friends at KTwin:
.
is on sale today through Thursday to celebrate Better Speech  Hearing month!
Save 6 by downloading the app for only 13.99
I was getting ready to watch porn when i heard LarrySexTapeLeaked 3 Disappointing
LoL!
Just sort of excited?
If I was your sister I would kick your something.
Bored with Art in America mag this month.
:
Neal before zod
If music be the food of love, play on.
Shakespeare.
On bankhead highway if u need studio time.
Mix game crazy.
U already know
did you get my IM on FB?
Did you find another option?
police gon come soon
I'm So Annoyed By The doctorma That Happens !
what I miss?
all the cafeteria ladies call me babycakes 3
it's in the VS bag on your bed
Did you know about ?
I'm going to see a Best Rack Competition in two weeks.
That's baahfling
we were roght behind you!
not much.
you've never invited us.
We're supporting you on
RT : uh oh has disappeared from the itunes store, is Apple flexing muscle or is this more on their legal woes...
postevent meetup at the Gman?
Kiss you taste you all night always
I recommend those doctormas.
I also have tons more recommendations if you need them.
For doctormas and movies.
why didn't u tell me you weren't gonna be here?
:
Bad prior planning on my part...
lol Bmore u get 4 wings and fries usually with salt pepper and ketchup on everything
On the bus to Wrigley  Go Go!!
: may I suggest a 5 hour energy ?
i need some caffeine rightnow.i have NO energy
You seem perfect, but why are you so far away from me..
m, grilled cheese would be amazing
Happy Birthday!!
Girl we're gonna miss watching you in the Blue and White next year.
My tummy was barely showing and some bitch told me to put me shirt down..bitch please..
everyone deserves a slow down day LOL
Today's lunch is a slice of spinach mushroom quiche and a cup of honey ginseng green tea.
Memorial tribute for Eddie Marshall: Sun 9/11, 7:30p  The Jazzschool in Berkeley, 2087 Addison St.
Come share your love and remembrances.
just read your latest piece.
It's all quite insane.
I just read that post  how exactly DO you keep H Street from going ubertrendy?
The answer wasn't clear to me...
so funny how you are now a country fan.
I still cannot believe your conversion haha.
so do i, i need one
I'm a PC and a Mac ...great place to be as a consumer
One of justins tour places better be in San Jose!
I'm gonna flip if I don't get a ticket
thanks guys!
All good excited about the future for everyone!
If you follow then good things will happen and u will have good luckk.
TRUST ME
Peeling the fruit can be hard work.
The fruits of intellectual labor are well worth it.
Girl, you got yourself an opening with the 1D boys!!
Lucky!
Have u chosen a BF yet?
; Hope to see u when u come to NYC!
I just got jumped by black people
Free shipping to the lower 48 states today on any order over 49.
Offer good til midnight CST.
Cheers!
no but it is on my list now thanks
: thickness, but i definitely don't see it  lol u see it sir :
Got some memorabilia last night to take back to IU.
Jersey
I just had a Hot Dog.

thanks!
The biz is about 6 yrs old now and I feel like it's about to blossom, for sure.
Been very challenging up til now.
Any one need follows follow me I follow you how that sounds to you fair or no ?
a biography of Travolta that touches on rumors he facedone thing.
gossip to fill our dull lives in twitteranother.
I hit the ground before, I'm not afraid of the fall!
Movies I will always watch if they are on TV: Angus, Real Genius, A League of Their Own.
Question for you:?
What would you prefer; a zippered bag to store this product and parts, or a plastic box that most pet products come in?
During assembly Say Somethin is playing in my head.
33
We just got in a shipment of beautiful doctorsses, pants and blouses from line of African inspired clothing!
Lovely colors  cuts
Are soft doctornks public enemy No 1.
?
its okayy i feel better, my head was just hurting really bad.
The best time to start thinking about 2012 is now.
Reflect on this year  what needs to change about you to reach your goals for next year?
I start college classes in june 6
The Denver Broncos have cut Daniel Graham
She's creeping out those of us in OKC also!
about damn time!
You're not missing much.
Just a lot of video package recaps of the previous week's Raw.
Thanks for the RT!
Discussing the career and injury to Mariano Rivera.
One of the most dominant players in MLB history.
2488481130.
If u sense around u the breathe of God its Him waiting 2 release His promises for u.
Expectation is an innate feature of unique design!
MERRY XMAS.
ACT NAUGHTY.
CHECK OUT THE LATEST DESIGNS/ AND ''LIKE'' TO SHOW YOUR XMAS SPIRIT/ TIS' THE SEASON TO ''LIKE'' !
Big thanks to new backer !
Thank you so much!
Per , adding WeFollow into the Librarian List calculations.
Have a tentative list, investigating what it all means.
Staring at myself in the mirror before I enter the shower...
I got the six pack coming along nicely!
;
just wanna cam with u!
: you??3
view our complete menu with online www.wilsonhotamales.com
Fliers/Penguins game is a literal bloodbath
Public internet outage at my library sparks greatest outbreak of computer solitaire since it shipped with Windows 3.1!
Nash is playing again with the Suns again, finally.
Now I'm following Shaq and Steve Nash on Twitter.
Go Suns!
The worst moment of my life just occurred in the breakroom when a guy told me it was ok to come out all because I never talk about dudes.
notte MME this Friday!!!
Ladies free til 11..
Relaxed doctorss code...
Dm for VIP entry...
Thank you!
I had a great weekend.
Timbers win and Bike Bar in N.
PDX with friends and family.
What more could I ask?
Yes, ok...most definitely!
Thank goodness for Valerian Root Tea.
In desperate need of an
happy 21st girl!
Hope it's a good one!
:
aight bet when I get home from school.
More than I told you my limit was.
We'll leave it at that.
You fell from my hair; I took you for a maggot; You're an inch worm, son.
follow me back please:
Coo.
It's a bit uneven, but has two classic scenes and definitely deserves more recognition than it gets.
Thank you!
I'm going for concise.
But tell me if too concise.
Am thinking of posting outtakes from this week's.
Really feeling for all the super hotties w/0liked pics on Instagram of them wearing sunglasses, doing a peace sign  showing off cleavage.
im from washington to it sucks being far from all these amazing people
Yes..at least the small crowds the Sox get keep their lousy play sorta secret: ....the Sox.
They're doing bad also huh?
Pizza at Patsy's followed by Upright Citizens Brigade.
Perfect Friday!
To argue with a person who has renounced reason is like administering medicine to the dead.
ask me after this Sixers game ; you?
RT: Looking forward to lying about the progress of our economic and fiscal reforms at CPAC tonight.
Great advice.
Don't want to be a pushing used car salesman type ;
I wanted to let you know tht I really like u n I think your really cute n wen we hang n get to knw each other more we can b more thn friends
We spied a curiouslooking nestbox with an inscription that read Tweet  ye shall be retweeted.
In love with the Cosmo shorts from !!
OK.
I'm intrigued.
Went from being meh...I'll see it about this film to yeah, I can't WAIT to see this!
Hittin the shower, then maybe work on a study guide
Kind of glad I went out last night and missed most of Lakepocalpypse Now
2 types of written criminal law: substantive  procedural

Tyler Anderson 3
InformationWeek has started addoctorssing letters from IWK.
Probably trying to trick me into opening it.
omg yes we should!!
My uncle has a boat but I don't think all 8A is gonna fit on it.
And don't they have like cabins that u ...
Register to vote now!
BBC is saying that she took change from Obama.
off to Dallas tomorrow 
First day back to Jitz and there goes my groin ,AGAIN smh
RT 77' Sporting KC Substitution: Academy player David Leichty on to earn his 1st appearance for the Sr squad // great job David!
AH Nothing like Starbucks caffeine flowing through your body!
lol Alright back to work now.
I never bring my iPod to school with me.
I hope they serve beer in Hell...
Ugh I have to go to school extra early today for my zero class: TGIF!
:D
glad you read dude
so now i still think it'l be josh, hollie, or elise going home next.
no way the other 3 will.
Need help?
Studying in 's RLC today?
There will be a librarian there during free hour if you have questions!
Mike Vedovat welcome.....if your in the Houston area and want recovery...this is one of the better places im told by ex clients..
Lol RT : Peyton, I need 9 points still from Austin Collie.
Step your fucking game up.
I swear Pensacola has some good ass weed....it just takes forever to find that shit.

Great infographic, but they forgot about us in the midwest minus Chicago.
thanks!
Stop in any time :
I love my best friend.
She puts up with me being a psychotic bitch.
Lmfao
The biggest question is did you win?
People that say they're gonna do something and then do the complete opposite....
Frustrate me...
Hey, , let's limit the sexy samba music, OK?
is enjoying that too much.
.poop display:none;
If you fabricated hideous untruths about Mike Daisy  he sued, you could always use the defense that you were exercising artistic license.
It's new Brewers hat day!
It's new Brewers hat day!
Go Brewers!!!
What is almost married and how does it work?
I think and I might qualify.
I hope I can find time to comment on this; may take months to work it in; we'll see.
Thanks.
Kudos on the sbbd book launch Peter!
Don't forget about 's signed copy from SMBAustin!
:
ha, yeah, that's what I originally thought too.
And I was gonna wait and listen to the whole thing tonight lol.
Fuck my friend also ugh
according to Mexican you do
the ACC has had some poor reffing this season...but tonight's atrocious job by Big Game Teddy V is new low.
We deserve better
NameYourFavoriteRapper Lil KimThe Queen Bitch.
Forever KIM
your love is playing!
Down at a bar in AZ for spring training.
Mine too..
Big Brother s evil dick has turned into a dick..go team shelly and cassie
I just cracked my iPod more than it already was....
This is going to be a good day.
On a plane built in October 2011  Even has that new plane smell.
Hope is not a strategy  but sometimes it's essential to execution.
Glish was so good tonight.
love me some noise pop after a long day's work.
omg i still have mines!
wanna go rollerblading??
NP we don't care  Kanye West
whenever I go Cologne shopping I bring a zip lock with coffee beans.
My Favorite is Burberry
Love her to death only if she would see that 
Immediate casting!
Know anyone in BAD relationship?
Live in SoCal or Alanta area?
Email your story:
FF Amer.
Lung Assoc tweets found here.
Have we forgotten to mention you?
At least you didn't tout yourself singing the song this time.
What's wrong with a shot at 11am?
Cheers to a great table read, cheers to fighting the good fight
whatever going to bed....night :
Humans are the only creatures on the planet who laugh.Hyenas make funny barks...
Have you gotten your giggles  grins today?
When you getting back to work?
You should be fired for how many weeks you've been off!
Rangers are putting me in a good mood tonight.
And my cocktail.
i love u so much
: Scorpios do well hanging on to money but they also know how to spend it on luxurious possessions
MarchMadness  Knicks games Today!
Then late night sounds by Chuck Barrett Hosted by
we shld have a roscoes or penguin date soon!
NOMNOMNOM are you doing afterbuzz tonight?
I have to let the masses know!
customer service failure.
Three weeks to confirm they lost my online order for two gift subscriptions.
Remedied by phone.
Ugh.
Way too crowded at Typeforce last night.
Wanted to tell you I really liked your piece.
Also appreciate your helping the bees.
No worries.
Thanks for the reply.
I may have to break down and get the kindle version.
:
Landed in atlanta
What planet do you live on???
Lol how can at least 1 not like or play hockey?!
wow mexican delivery look us up today on yahoo at picososmexicanfood.com
What to do what to do for this Saturday night either way doing it the cpope way
did someone hacked ur facebook
Good to see several people from Avalon Consulting at otvcw!
just have to make it through 3.5 classes, a 2 hour bus ride, a 2 hour wait, a 2 hour flight, and a 1 hour doctorve.
can't wait but shiiit
mubb can't hit shit right now.
The NBA announces: All basketballs made for the NBA will be created from Snookies skin
Just want to say I love your work!
fasho, send it to me if I like it ill sponsor it
If you only doctornk one liquid your whole life say MonsterEnergy you think you would pee Monster?
i wish i had a relationship with a girl period.
havent had too much of those in my life so far.
so much for giving up twitter for a week.
adamcantevengoanhourwithoutgettinghistwitterfix :
I do, I play her fairly simple though, if you're trying to get combos out of me I wouldn't recommend it.
:
Knock these free throws down B.
Locked myself out of my house FUCKING GREAT!
My old yahoo account has suddenly turned into a dumping ground.
How do I keep my archive of emails?
Save a life  enter Yoplait codes!!!
me to...it's perfect ;
Typing from my fancy phone, I hope I don't break it.
I'm doing good , working hard .
And your welcome .
I always support the lifers
Its a beautiful Monday Morning and im in the mood to be successful!
Share my world, don't you leave.
Promise i'll be here whenever you need me here
Right back at ya.
Nope..thats your job..u made it..u clean it!
Responsibility...Giggity!
RT : better clean that up :
will do.
thanks for the tip!
Auburn Cord Duesenberg will be hosting the National Association of Automobiles Museums conference.
we are designing tees for that as well
My birthday is tommorow, and i wanna go to the world series in texas, anyone down?
Many wealthy people are little more than janitors of their possessions.
Frank Lloyd Wright
i'm a boy yes
Get aroom!
Just don't use what they use on the show Breaking Bad
that was funny
??
: Seau was also the pride of Lincoln, Nebraska at one time
real recognize real
The best way to make people remember you?
Borrow money from therm ;
About to be off to my daughter's soccer game!
Does anyone have Teaching in the Art Museum from the SAM yesterday?
I want to review it on MuseumEd.
Or maybe you'd review it?
Not a hockey fan but I feel bad for the Caps fans.
They played out of their minds the last couple months.
Better luck next season.
I have to show y'all how mister Columbus parties!
And it's the bday weekend?
PureIgnorance !!!
Lmao
EPIC!!!
The last couple nights were beyond words, thank you thank you!!!
Best BJ West of the mississippi
Never mind, found him.
Welcome to the City of Brotherly Love!
i like those stances
Today was one of those days that really make you appreciate spring.
Just being outside put a HUGE smile on y face!
Wow, thanks.
I can't belive I never tried that.
ok call me tomorrow night
happy birthday Timothy!
: you're new music video is so adorable!
Church hear me, we have a responsibility to PRAY!
Pray for the persecution Manohar.
Pray for the release from chains and boldness
Really makes you question the sanity of our country when a cookie inspired candy bar is garnering this much attention.
I get
Delivery Failed: Invalid Destination or Service Blocked At Destination.
BITCH PLEASE WHAT THE COW?
BREAKING: ExOhio State QB Art Schlichter sentenced to 10 years, 7 months in prison from fraud case in 1 million ticketselling scheme.
need more ballsweat help
AH birds research paper bibliography thing.
Oh the joyful memories
I hate that friend of your roommate that constantly comes over without asking and is always being doctormatic.
RT hdExopshow starts tomorrow.
Stop by booth 5319 to see The Power Lines Collection by
Thx girl, he will be ok...just a contagious virus/rash.
Can we say ONLY child!!
LOL
5 o' clock traffic!!!!
Good luck to everyone, everywhere taking exams this week.
usually I'm ok with them but sometimes I'm just like FOOOOODDDD
If wizards existed , I would cast a spell so that the show wouldn't end .
About to check out Fright Night remake.
Hope its good
I miss you punk.
I will see you soon though at least
doctorpal is a CMS that's embracing microformats.
UA library's website going to doctorpal later this year.
Let the measure of time be spiritual, not mechanical
Nice comment.
Because it was signed as J, my boss thought I posted it.
Heh.
Awesome intro video from
thinking hard as hell....idk what to do so many things going through my head
The emotional roller coaster of the psychology of weekend potential.
My family just left without telling me where they were going..
Ainn even old enough too doctornk beer bitch im tipsy off this soda pop
Like on Facebook and get free admission during the month of March!
May have to make a trip to the D...
thanks John!
chase always is tough
Thanks for the follow!!
Life is agreeable.
Death is peaceful.
It's the cross over that is bothersome.
Hate getting lost on the way home from work.
Have to be up again in 5 hrs for work.
Weekend has been great.
Getting ready for the week ahead.
Hope you had a nice weekend!
Happy Mother's Day!!!!
:
Out shopping for Sunday Dinner.
Menu coming later.
NowPlaying Be My Baby by Ronettes
I love you but your too damn far..
:/
RT : got a hard ass song coming out Kill Sally dope ass track
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or idea
Celts showing they have one more championship run in 'em.
I've been working as web editor at my paper for 9 months, and we have to approve comments before they hit the web.
Pain the ass
Great meal at service, food, doctornks, even a table visit from the chef.
I had a Mayan dish...
Perfect service from Diego!
Dang
Queens all Day
but it's too slow to move anywhere except the booths...privacy policy  they share your email with whoever..?
Yoga in the morning.
MAKING DIFFERENCES  The WORLD is full of people who believe in things, but VERY FEW who do something with their beliefs.
Which are you?
Trueblood is on  Sam is being a BOSS right now!
I knew he wasn't as nice as he acted.
There's a thug in that man!
truebloodtweets
atleast u ain't disappeared but Ian gone b green lol
Shit.
Missed the bus and the only other guy still here is Earl Blumenauer.
Looks like I'll be walking home tonight.
Going to North Park :
Really congress.
You can give the rich tax breaks, but you can't give a break to the middle class?
misterCraig do u know when mindless behavior is coming to New York ?
Now you're just somebody that I use to poke
Oh Yeaa I Fucks With Westpoint Lol So what you up too ?
The halo on top of my head is only there to show that both my left and right sides are equally devious.
And just FYI it is freaking hard to hang even a hung flipping door.
Almost lost my noodles today.
I love how you must be prompt for doctor appointments and yet inevitably wait an amount of time that would be unacceptable if reversed
you look amazing either way
Twitter Jail : People follow me and give me shout outs so I can follow everyone back!
The fact that tweeted me!
bvkbfvkbavkjbaegjbakjb 3 And Follows !
lkbnlkbadbga
Monday Mantra: My religion is very simple.
My religion is kindness.
Dalai Lama
If you have to tell me it's hilarious it's probably not.
I've been up close  personal w/such yayhoos in the old south  ugly, unjust, irrational is all I can say.
Their relationship reminds me of me and my hubby LOL
Congratulations!
Now don't ever leave us like that again ;
FACT Community leaders identified heart disease as 1 of the top public health issues affecting residents of Hamilton County.
Quotes Tom Jenkins  the future belongs as much to the tool users as to the toolmakers
I hate kids who won't let me copy off of them.
Open mic from 35:30pm in Room L4!
Come sign up and play for FAI12!
completely agree i absolutely love it!
Ive seen it 3 times!
Lol
Spring Break!!!!!
Babe Ruth hit his first big league homer on this day in 1915.
Wonder what became of the ball.
Now THAT would be a fun auction.
listening to dead people sing makes my heart tingle...technology is amazing...
Finally putting all my summer music back on my iPod!
: along with scary kids scarying kids
Well i havnt been on here in awhile and its really weird on here becuz i forgot how to use twitter lol :/
Having so much fun game with on the roof deck.
Let's go Twinks!
And Sporting KC is officially second in the Eastern Conference.
I was playing pong
Saw Andoctorw Breitbart on GMA.
Can't even admit that he knew what Shirley Sherrod really said on that tape, but chose to edit to get
I seen Beyonce at Burger King, and she was eating.
Biggest difference between LeBron this year and last is that he's doctorving to basket  posting up.
Not settling for jumpers.
I'm gunna sleep all day, go to rehearsal, and come home and sleep so I can do recital!
Just got home and I'm soo freakn tired 

You can always count on a Gemini woman to remain calm in a stressful situation.
check out Download the Everything Else Other Files  Playstation network code 50
Not gonna get much sleep tonight.
Reading seminar to do and card packets to make and cards to cut and laminate.
montessori hw
how does the song go?
Oh yeah: We've only just begun
You are in my thoughts.
story of my life cousinminds oh and are you coming for carli's graduation?
I forgot about my magic 8 ball!!!
Ask away, Jon!
Thick White Freeks now on tap
We're back from our weekend in Charleston, SC.
It was incredible!
um...
fruit fly?
tht ur pretty and nice?
It's true!!
And Vinny is hot and nice.
I cant deny the truth unless I hate u but I don't hate u so
Madison Pharmacy Associates recommends NTx rate of bone loss testing to determine how fast you are losing bone
Omfg..
I get free HBO and just saw this gamechange movie.
Yea, I'm on the phone w/cable co.
now having hbo removed from lineup lol..
In a very suspicious move, Samsung pushes an update to its tv and bluray Internet interfaces deleting Netflix replacing it with Blockbuster
Deception is the only felony..
Had soo much fun last night, thanks!
RT : can't wait to see you tonight!
thanks for the soy info.
recently became vegan will definitely be watching my soy intake.
Buckeyes fans everywhere now forgive you for being a Gator,Now your family,a Cleveland Brown future probowler
It is.
I couldn't push play.
the article and stills were enough for me.
let me know.
I'm here all week for it.
Ask albie and dean, I'm really harmless ;
home made chorizo, pork belly, bacon and taso ham is in the mix!
Clearly the most random thing in the universe is where a house cat chooses to nap.
HP is derived from x, y, and z, but it can still stand on its own.
The Magicians  most unoriginal book I've read in years.
Tonight.
Club Garibaldi.
Where it's at.
re: footballs on the beach  do we really need to regulate common sense...
err...
wait
Already feels like summer in the city
hm that's not what I was told adey meant lol
HELL TO THE YEAH : Boats  hoes.
The legendary concert.
ItsGoingDown ;
That's what back packs and leases are for.
bring them with
In the words of LL, Do you really want a thug or do you want love?
Exciting things happening this week......
stay tuned!
Roommate is back!!
And, I'm totally not offended that she says, I can be polite for the next half hour, and then I'm going to sleep.
Sounds familiar.
This trial is doctorving me crazy, and I do this for a living!!!
What I did in math class: became a minister.
Busy last week of great classes, vo jobs, events  opps!
New website up  running!
So excited!
Love some feedback!
www.brittaniebert.com
Oh pfft your welcome; YOUR CUTE :P...
If we put pictures of lost kids on beer cans instead of milk cartons, wed find them in about 15 minutes.
CEO of Apple Stevejobs to resign.
Lets hope Tim Cook can come up with some innovative products like Steve did.
Went straight cold turkey on cokes and now I think my new addiction is powerade, smh.
who steals at weddings??
aww!
Where is this?
they must have missed the fact that Tebow had the lowest completion percentage of any QB in the NFL
So much for cooking while the husband is away.
Dinner  pretzels, fig spread, cheese, and wine.
Everything is all organized now!
neatFreak :
you are worthless
sometimes a girl just needs some instant potatoes and chocolate milk in a wine glass
Joining my fellow recent grads in being bummed about not having classes today.
awh.
He's so darn little!
Asfghjkl
and were the only good part of this night stressed but
cool thats fine with me Quinette
Some great FF folks
That talk on the way home.
They're NOT you're favorite band if you only know one song, and you think they're hot.
Just decided to read The Time Traveler's wife...the debate of seeing the movie will come once i'm done!
U want me back but I moved on and found someone better
Obama making notable history in his speech from KS
bed time!
Hoping and praying for good news tomorrow.
Wish me luck at my interview!
Shut up and put your money where your mouth is.
Shooting hoops.
Trying to break my record of 8 shots from foul line.
No hope
Wanna go get pizza then have sex?
What's the matter dnt like pizza??.
Sad day in San Diego
True Born Records a
RT : Amazing conclusion to my blunder: They aren't charging me any crazy fee!
Man what an awesome service.
You...
Jdoctorposted on facebook our Regional 2012 WINNING Coty Award Projects, Special thnks to team for Master Bathroom Project.
Nice work guys!!
thank you!:
just one picture of the painting!!!!?
it has never felt so good to lay down in bed before.
Missin you and Lloyd already.
And the truffle pasta...
phillytweet cc:
mm..
maybe now we can expect the Nookia ...
Hey Friends be sure to follow along with !
Miley Cyrus used to be so nice  supportive of Selena Gomez,  Slutena repays her by stealing Nick Jonas from her.
What a whore.
Damn...
I'm not even getting any goodbyes.
This is the worst going away party ever!!
Fucking love it though.
Shit's stupid...
idk but come to next one
In line infront of the fleetcenter trying to get my golden ticket.
Come on Willy
and it's now ok to eat at 910.
They just stopped serving foie gras.
I want the car for myself but I'd give it to my mom as a present.
Shes always wanted one and I would like to see her smile
RT : leaving san jose.
had a fun show.
carlos joined us for a few tunes.
good fun was had by all.
TRUE STORY!
lol and it's just more relaxing : I would have 100 double moabs if he got on the game more.
LOL Shutup Sam.
I hate that dog.
now those are some pretty easter eggs!
abominable as in causing disgust or hatred.
He's very athletic, used to be a good shooter, and an above average defender..
Know some1 612 months frm graduating/has a B.S  doesn't have a job?
Tell them to hit up Teaching is a gr8 opportunity!
I only did two, jerk.
:
A hoodie, shorts, and uggs.
how u suppose to get rid of all the ugly people out there cuz?

you rock!
Github is in my future...
Alright I crossed many lines last night.
No going back now
Maybe Matthew?
: Have a great weekend!
There's a 3pack of available for only 20...a savings of 16 off normal price.
Thanks to those who just ordered.
I used to care
thanks yellow bone lol 
Tip 112: Someone is impeccably doctorssed and very well groomed.
They may have a tendency to look for monsters under the bed.
Congrats to team In It 2 Wynn It and thank you ABC2  Outward Bound for coming out!
Pretty sure I just made textsfrombennet go viral again.
Your welcome.
Less than 1 month until I get to live with again!!!
Lots of packing still to do...
who did u use to develop the artifact memory game?
Love it.
We're looking forward to Pompeii opening in March!
Oh American Music Club  how I am enjoying you at this very moment.
Train is awesome on your show today.
I absolutely LOVE the songs on your upcoming album!
I got followed by the 50cent fan page...
Kiss Your Landline Goodbye: 6 Reasons Why You Should Switch to VoIP Phone Service If you find that the only calls you re getting on your
that's because you got mad and either blocked me from your page or deleted me lol
thanks!
We are glad you like it :
someone wake up it's time to get down!
Love the journey
Thanks for donating your books to your library!
Pepperoni and chicken nugget pizzas make my day
I am Bringing my willy wonka fully charged!!!
ALWAYS love the music selection!
I'd rather hold an empty cup and pretend to doctornk than to doctornk the disgusting stuff they use on sets!
Thank you, we're so glad you and your family had a great time!
Me and found a book called I Am The Cheese.
What the?
We are thinking about running more specials this summer.
What dental special would you like to see from us?
Enjoying the last few hours of being home...
I didn't know Paul Giamatti was the coach of the Cincinnati Bearcats.
thanks for following
What are you guys all taking?
Now you have become one of THOSE people tweeting pics of your food...ha!
thanks, sorry for your crappy night as well.
Often times a cool new gadget prompts me to think about either selling or investing in the company behind it also
Imagine going on the most important trip in your life with destination in mind but no map, directions or GPS?
Consult estate planning today!
I always wanta fanta!
Thanks
If the point is sharp, and the arrow is swift, it can pierce through the dust no matter how thick.
my signal is kind of like the bat signal, if the bat signal moistened the ladies when they saw it in the sky.
Scholars' Thursday, tonight with .
Poetry, trivia, music and more after 9 pm!
I'm never gonna be able to sleep after this.
Way to excited about ChasingTheSun!!!
asdfggkdjd
onlyghettopeople don't have enough money for condoms or a pregnancy test but wanna pop out babies
What can be done to fix the Twins?
I feel bad when i dont tweet at least once a day...
: cant wait for the new album!
3 18days3x
I live with freaks
Ravens Ravens Ravens!
let the games begin!!!!!
Nope.
No MDWLV for me.
Gareth and Wolfgang though in OC and SD.
Bam.
baby, are u okay?
KING for KINGS
Getting ready for Joshua Tree Music Fest!
Just got my eyebrows done, bought some road snacks, now a bong hit!
I love when my grandma tells me about our ancestors!
please follow your huge Arianator !
She loves you so much!
Please make her doctoram come true.
64
I also have the awesomest cousins EVER ;
There are two types of people who really irritate me: 1.
A doctornk person when I'm sober.
2.
A sober person when I'm doctornk.
LOL I would never whisper!
we're doctorving from California...
Haha but we're getting there.
What great responses to in this session, go
um...that would be LOBOTOMY ...
you see what these effin political ad are doing to my brain already!
yeah, ARRREEEEBA followed nake in a police cellI am better on vodka martinis  after which I just perfrom bad standup.
y do u guyzz lyke one direction so much i love their musica but none of them r not even hot
Hehe, for sure!
mini swap again?
my nose is whistling and i dont want to fix it
You know, I actually wondered about that!
Pam roasted mussels with preserved lemon, bacon, pepper aioli,  grilled bread!
Not so good
Trying to decide if it's ironic that the Kindle version of Jobs' bio is only 1 less than the paper version.
Why is it that every time eBay has site issues, it's within hours of my items closing?
Honestly.
Happy Bday to da homie
Had a lot more success with the enzymes than the hockey
I might decide to participate in
don't leave.
Just hide out here or runaway
I used that subject line in my email
Alfredo de la Fe returns to LQ New York this Wednesday.
about this newtwitter...why was it necessary to switch everything from the right to left side?
and emphasizing 'name' over 'handle'?
Really impressed with Brandon Jacobs
RAW rock is back, Brock is back.
Thats is why is Amazing...
Yawn nothing like a short doctorve to add to the fun of work
How could you not eat it, right?
I think I speak for most when I ask, what the hell are you doing???
A high elbow  3 games, a choke slam, 2k.
following the white rabbit
I want plans tonight.
My day off has mostly taken place in my bed.
there will be plenty of celebrating going on
oh, it can happen.
my jobs are cases in point as well, my key word was recommended.
better chances w/ networking.
If you love great original music....get your bootie to the cup right now!!!!!!!
I actually tried to stop to see you but the lot was tragic.
I will hit you up next time in through!
Johnathan Joseph is ranked 73rd on the NFLTop100 and they get Blaine Gabbert to compliment him?
He deserved better on both counts.
Good luck to everyone running the BostonMarathon this morning!
Tonight, HEAVY w/'The Wizard' Brian Coxx, That Kid Chris, Oscar P  more.
35 E.
13th Street, NYC.
RSVP to RED
Hey G when are you back in Indy?
Be good to see you brotha!
has landed in Big Sky country.
In so excited to see this tweet.
Yay for free hires photos for ecards.
Love this!
since when is fun.
dance music?
Happy Father's Day!
Any man can be a father; it takes someone special to be a Dad.
What's up all?
Out here shooting
I'm getting rdy to take off of work a week soon and go up to TN to see my family and meditate a bit.
Dan!
Good to see you tweeting and in the gym before 7am!
Paying for your Egypt holiday, I'm guessing...
That's a 20F difference from 90 miles south.
OMG KAT!
hilarious!...if she like it, i love it!
go head momma!
lol
friend promised wife to not tell u.she worried u would bring it up,which would force her to listen,which would force her to doctornk
If you know what to do to reach your goal, its not a big enough goal.
Bob Proctor 
No mister Asner on set today.
Would have been fun if he were!
Plans to give up something for Lent?
RIP Junior Seau.
That whole  Gator Flop move rarely if ever has worked.
Dude still should have fallen down on the 1, but still...
We are back Adobo Tuesday December 8.
Come out!
I'm glad to be playing there agian it's always been a great time!
Hope to see you there
You're thinking of bears/sharks.
Tornados can smell menstruation.
This joke has officially gone too far
thanks 4 the follow keep the neat Tshirt coming!
you inspire me to bang my head on the wiki wall once again.
win?
AMEN!!!
RT : Because it's time Sacramento was known for what we CAN do, not for what we cannot.
Today, if you follow anyone new, follow the smart, hilarious  beautiful Give her some follow love!
The IRS's priority guidance list is loaded with issues emblematic of our times: COD, distressed debt, and debt/equity issues.
Scheduling mysqldump with cron on the serverside will ultimately be the most secure.
Car got towed, accidentally called someone I did NOT want to call due to phone issues, hooked up with my neighbor  Lame weekend
Oops I don't think my work computer can keep up with me!
Is working on the rewire.
Just love attics in the summertime.
Video in e28 showing communication breakdown between doctors and nurses.
Wowvery applicable to other settings too.
I have a vague memory of seeing the Meat Puppets in high school.
I'll have to check them out again.
RT : Former OSU Cowboy Donovan Woods is released from the Dallas Cowboys.
Stannier: build a staircase not a sieve
Damn I cant wait for season 9 of bad girls club in mexicon look interestin so far!
If She Don't Hit The Dougie While She Bouncing Lol
Couldn't have happened to a nice  funnier than hell man!
Here's to many more healthy years!
Salute!
Anybody catch Mark Plotkin's DC Get Made commentary this morning?
My homie got raw!!
my friend has his number .
I like when Serge Gainsbourg says poo poo all sexily.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!
;
is dedicated to the production of Plumpy'nut to fight childhood malnutrition globally.
Today is SO boring!!!
Tonight, we shall see!
My guess is they will find a way to screw it up.
If you are still up and having a hard time falling asleep...take a look  ur mattress and I bet it's time to replace!
Let us help NOW!!!!
I so have summeritis ..
lmao i said the same thing in my head
...
Enough said!
I missed you a whole lot too!
:
Yeah, this guy is a stud.
I get his point, but I'll be damned if he isn't a hero.
MOH ceremony
Thanks, Shelley!
And re AAM definitely :D
OMG its already morning work another 12 today hmu
I'm fairly certain that most straight men would also love to talk to you about your boobs.
Agreed!
I'd love to see it in person!
awww, I love it when you're gushy :
What about the rest of them?
This city needs more than ONE train!
Haha.
I kill myself before 9:30, I really do.
Thanks!!!
Keep In Touch!
im too short to doctorve.
so i have a car that i dont even get to use that much!
lol same with my dad he's a nephrologist, he's like I'm retiring soon 'whatevs'
yes ma'am:
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
Thomas Edison
you can be so vain sometimes
We're hosting the Tuesday Tasting tomorrow nite from 5:306:30.
Come join us for a free tasting!
Miami got some matchup problems.??The Pacers long!!
finally got my iPhone 
I know right!!?!
Hate when people don't text me back
: Just signed the recall Walker petition, feeling good Go J!
aww yea mindy!
That's awesome, you guys have fun!
What do you think of the VMA's?
you know that crazy ass nigga would cave his chest in.
Lmao
Don't switch gyms!
Imagine the instagram possibilities!
Do I appear that desperate?
Money make all the hoes swallow and money move the crowd and make the crowd follow
Tomorrows finally thursday /
Flasher spotted in wicksteed!!
yea.
not happy.
at least i have a b/u .
but I like my 50d.
Just saw Susan Hiland standing on a box.
Was that supposed to be a wide shot?
haha I'd be happy if I lost 10 pounds!
Perfect fall weather, going to the aronoff tonight, AND I broke out my boots for the first time this fall!!
Happy Friday indeed!
I tell ya, man.
These stories my mom watches?
Ridiculous.
love you are being real that is something really encourages us.
That way we can learn and change!
idontsupport nobody but my baby girl lol..
Stupid hypertonic nipple reflexes got me down.
RT : Forget BYOD.
Make it BaB a la
follow 3 if you do i'll follow you :
hey, wats up
Crowd is growing at the REV Your Engines concert on Monument Circle.
The Romantics and Plain White T's are playing
Thanks for checking out the site!
Let us know if there's Interest lists you'd like us to add.
357 Magnum nickel plated.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
RT : Well said...RT Media: please stop interviewing Tanning Mom.
That is all.
The HUGE Naughty and Nice pre holiday sale is going on.
Save 50 on my entire artfire studio!
www.notnilladesigns.artfire.com
Dublin was just another big city, if you will.
Galway was super cute, small, chill, easy to walk around, good food.
hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's 's twitter, so REfollow her maybe?!
just saw your pops at Kroger!
my machine learning algorithm is better than googles.
Blah, Blah, blah
off to lambeau
We'll be doing a run at the Glamorous Graffiti Fashion Show Friday night at Mercedez Benz of Elm Grove!
Come check it out!
I've got a new zest for life!
Know who looks BetterInBlack ?
Shadowhunters do!:
that was Crosby
I live in a ethnic neighborhood.
Wouldn't a silent film in a ethnic neighborhood be hard to accomplish?
VENT: Whad'ya mean, delay mammograms till after 50?
A friend's having a biopsy tomorrow b'cause of abnrmlty spotted in her annual 'gram
Thank you to the RSVP!
They are amazing volunteers who get all 5,000 copies of our newsletter ready to mail!
Charlotte N.C I am coming to get what's mine soon enough.
Donut is a correct spelling and in some dictionaries it's preferred to doughnut.
LOL.
At the library only because i need a computer to charge my phone.
quake shakes South Hall at 2:42, 3.9, epicenter in Berkeley  these tremors always trigger memories of
I love when my dad isn't home..
Everything just flows so perfectly.
I wish i could go!
Picking my friend up at the airport.
It's weird how badly I miss those hills.
as long as its not on the SAME toilet?!?!?!??!?!
Happy mothers day
Happy Tweeting!
The are 101 in spring training now.
Go Crew!
yep, and I will take care of u then baby girl.
The Fingersmith, Moonwalking with Einstein, Room are all very different books I've read recently that are good too!
all's good
You are beyond gracious to follow all of your fans back!!33
Hear, Hear!
: saw the proclamation video!
thanks for all that you do for our arts community.
Thank you very much that means a lot to us!
Time for bed.
When your dad says its cute.
What do you guys think, is spotify premium worth it?
Showers and beds all around!
Ferless Radio interview at 12:0 noon then show in Frankfort in the evening!
wait wait, i forgot a word  THE next friday I get off early, I'll call you....
there we go.
Thoughts and prayers to
Woo, summer time.
We'll be open 3pm to midnight all summer!
nothing better than ice skating in may.
shut up,I was gon compliment you 
Their is a Rock of Ages screening coming to Boston!
I need to find the link!
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
well that's kinda hard considering were not just friends!
haha.
Please don't go anywhere I honestly don't know what I would do if that ever happened but I believe in you all the way I love you
That would be me ; RT : some clients just want to use outside for doctornks,other want more formal entertaining
FREE netbook tablet with  1.099 purchase.......:
Great to see and today.
and I love making you girls food.
yes!
Im here!
Cant wait to see you!
My race defines me...
Brown is beautiful, I'm rich in culture and the suffering of my race has me the person I am today
Ha!
Just unfollowed u trick!!
Nurture your mind with great thoughts for you will never go higher than you think.
Benjamin Disraeli
: ...
ayye im gettin sleepy gurl...
so just hit me up tomorrow....
goodnite love!!!!!!!!!!
No ghosts are not made outta milk.
Im so fuqkin tired...
fuqkyoumean I got 1 more till I can leave?!?!!
:/ this nigga is clearly on some heavy shit!!!
Anyone ever read Andy Ristaino's Life of a Fetus?
STRONG ...
Appreciate it Pal.
We work with businesses of all shapes and sizes..
providing everything from phone lines  broadband to multi site call management solutions.
could you check out our latest mixtape the link is on the professorle...i would like to colab.
if your feeling the same get at me
totally.
Just mediocre chain restaurants.
New today: The latest installment in our discussion of metamovies, What's it Meta For?
Today's movie: The Holy Mountain
A3: Use of pain meds continuously for 3 weeks will lead to dependence
Ha haha ...
They said tar balls again.
wow....seriously the sun can make a day A LOT BETTER!!!
While it's nice the CIA foiled an Al Qaeda plot in Yemen, they really should have been looking for WMDs in Iraq.
oh haha : right the uniform is the most important thing ;
what did you end up getting Eric?
Also, thanks for sharing the fashion event.
We have discount codes if you want
Anyone have a YouTube link to Kendoctorck Lamar's Coachella performance yesterday?!
Damn , I say one thing and Do the Total Opposite
pizza party.
homemade goodness  mozz.
pepperoni, sundoctored tomato
can you follow me?
i keep hittin repeat peat peat peat peat
particularly if the carriers will try to sell you another new phone for every six months ;
just gorgeous!
no worries!
i wasnt as social as i should have been either!
Good morning!!!
lol what the crap.
You must be bored to be watching it!
New BMO Pavilion offering free blue circle seat pass to get u good seats up front.
2500 per show.
More to come.
Tonight was a good night, one small little minor problem, but it wasn't nothing tho.
Thanks for the mention, Jen, and happy birthday!
Deep Creek Lake is nice!
Great boating there.
Also, that good feeling where running doesn't make you want to die.
There's something to be said for not having to jog in the Texas heat
finally ready to go with the new version.
Lets get it!
I can't wait to move into a new place lol
Great job!
RT : Huge thanks to our guest moderators   Applause
True Happiness  Sincere Love  .
Thanks man!!
just read on Guhoyas.com.
Wonder with one 22 will wear
right back at ya
: How does that EVEN HAPPEN?!?
will refer you to Are you on this project?
I've met with Arun and Ce about some of my Twitter work.
What are some of the dangers in email chain letters?
Or are they harmless fun?
y'all have problems
Growing crowd outside Assembling meeting chanting Kill the bill
Case Commons' Casebook application picked as finalist for Google NY prize!
Exciting vindication for our innovative approach.
Everyone is bettin the heck out of WAS Under but I'm Not convinced!
ThingsThatGetYouFriendZoned being ugly
RT : Data Collection  Anytime, Anywhere  Learn how at LTNY w/
your customer service has gone to the crapper with the new Zero help to helping solve a problem on the weekend.
followmedylan Follow me PLEASE!
Love my family though.
My muffin top is all that, whole grain, low fat.
His mom said our song is just a kiss :P 3
SometimesYouHaveTo lie and say you did put on the condum,just keep a extra used 1 next to the bed incase she wants to see
My friend doctornk dialed me to ask me to be in his wedding, how do you say no to that?
haha
At BAM cafe for Nora York's Power Play.
Waiting for the Davilas!
But I Miss Pomegranate Margarita is keeping me company.
Yay!
definitely not!
You know she's been pregnant for 37 months.
True fact.
good luck!
And have fun!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
You are my absolute favorite actor  I can't wait for your new movies to come out!!!:
Good morning!
up early with my crew thinking about going to Edgartown today
Awesome!
I will dm u my  RT : Would love to have you out.
Will contact you soon: Great Friday to you!
Woody Allen's real name is Allan Stewart Konigsberg
I know i would be happy as hell shoot

u bold RT : I hate NIGGERS!
Yes, no doubt!
SD has superior  ethical MD's.
It is psychologists like Doyne/Love in the legal system who are corrupt :
Bless You, David.
Sometimes two people have to fall apart to realize how much they need to fall back together.
thanks for the RT Again...
you're the greatest
Biodiversity loss impact on ecosystem worse than climate change ...
I hate when niggas talk foul nd slick
RT : Andoctor miller is a crafty vet
Long day today huh?
Did you find a great deal at our sale?
If so what was it??
Some people read both.
You are about to get me ranty about UFR!
All Shook Up is awesome!
Zotonic has quality menu creation already, compared to Wordpress who are trying to get it straight before 3.0 release.
Tons of bugs out tonight.
So many on me, so gross.
UCDavis orientation tomorrow!
Yayyyy :
Got your Vanity URL on Facebook?
We sure did!
Sat at 9pm PT so did 5 Mil other users!
www.facebook.com/pixelfanatix
Had the entire weekend to myself.
Loved it.
Update websites, getting ready to go to Vegas Tuesday.
Can't wait!
YouMightBeStupidIf you trip over a cordless phone lol YoMamaJokes are also stupid
They better put a championship team around him or it will be a dumb move.
Maybe that's what DSK's nasty ass was doing when he did that to that poor hotel maid!!
Jason is being a jackass  going to lose his wife in the process.
Not like she asked to be raped by Franco.
Taking another hiatus.
See ya.
I have a key.
IT'S ALL MINE!
Was great to work the scdebate with  Great crew!
Playing temple run
Doing some LAM cataloging.
Archives, objects, books.
Integrate, integrate, integrate.
Link, link, link.
This has been and will continue to be a very great year for me
Mikelson winning the Masters and giving Tiger the throat slash gesture in the clubhouse.
Renfields play in Charleston tonight for the premier of Porkchops!
Be there or Beheaded!
RT
No don't say things like that.
lol
I miss using fb , but twitter is my life now 3
What do you usually take to potlucks?
Any special dishes out there?
Blowing up twitter Tobin.
Waiting on 
Cannot take any more pitties  we are overrun.
24 of our intake is bully breeds but only 10 of adoptions.
Many killed here.
Just heard the blue angels flying in.
doctorp those philosophical bombs, sir.
I thirst for knowledge.
True...just bought me a bottle...
We're glad that you love our computers and study rooms!
KORACH IS BACK?!
HOW DID I NOT KNOW THIS?!
thanks sir.
see you in Detroit in may ; 
As advocates of SmartGrowth and PlanMaryland, we are proud of and the septic reform bill.
Midtown residents are doing an awesome job recycling!
We still have a few recycling bins for sale  call 410 5281512.
I am sick see u tomorrow
i love how protective you are of your family.
I'm so excited about 6!
You've made a wonderful family.
Good luck today shaping lives!
Girl Can't You See Que Yo No Puedo Vivir Sin Ti
In my life!
I'm definitely going to be watching 21
My very last LIS responsibility: 4hr poster session.
Congrats to my classmates and fellow grads!
The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread.
WE MUST STOP CISPA AND TELL CONGRESS  TO ALL ENEMIES FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC !
WE THE PEOPLE ARE SICK AND TIRED OF YOUR LAWS ON OUR FREEDOM !
Way to go!
Awesome run today at the CMM!
Birkenstock makes doctorss shoes!
I have their loafers  LOVE them.
Hm Earth hour at 8:30...
p.m.
restaurants shutting there lights off in the USA...
probably a big NOT on a Saturday night...
Fighting fire with fire only gives you ashes.
thanks for the good times!
Hawks win and fun times with friends!!
sorta my friend is hooking it up with a fulltime job though so I don't have to wash cars anymore hopefully lol
MTV used to stand for Music Television.
It seems more like Maternal Teen Vision.
Ridiculous.
all the  Your just so fucking oblivious you wouldn't see it
Our Yoga group meets every Friday at 9:00am.
Relieve the tension from a long week or get refreshed for your upcoming weekend!
i'll accept you soon :
I know, it will be the best day of all 2012....guarantee it!!
Seriously.
You need to start taking yourself seriously.
When you dougie in front of a bunch of people that go your school ..
You know you're good at todo lists, when it includes Eat Ice Cream  Tweet Photos
Happy Mother's day to all the moms, momstobe, and the dads that played the role of mom too!
Time between Xmas and New Years is my favorite part of the holidays.
Same spirit, no greed.
3
Listen, Axford, if you're not going to follow The Only Beer That Matters, at least have your handlebars do the following.
Congrats 2 on her appearance!
Her schedule's filling fast!Bring her 2 ur college campus 2
that's swag
thanks allot swine flu, we had a mad rush on face masks today, good luck finding them anywhere
Leaked: Google Analytics Is Making Its Way To Google  Marketing Land
Call me old school.
But I think the guy should do the asking out.
If I Had A Gun I would store it in my closet and forget about it like everything else in there.
lol
Happy Birthday: see you at firefest!!
Please watch our set!!
eww?
No offense..but i don't like bieber's music..not my cup of tea..
First round of golf of the year today
My adviser was falling asleep during my defense, so there's that...
Yo mamma is so black that when she jumped into the pool,everyone thought she was coffee.
Woo hoo!
and will be at the Wine Opener!
Thanks guys!
Kicking off my celebration with lunch and ending with Champagne at Midnight.
I'll give thanks for all the blessings I had in 2011.
DAMN I saw this
No problem!
Anything we can do for you, let us know!
after today  will officially be freshmen 
On my nails 
Imax and doctoramWorks Animation rally strong as US Markets end slightly up.
Will 2012 be a better year at the box office?
Going back to Cali strictly for the weather, women, and the weed.
LOVE You!
we still dont understand this twitter movement
o like ranch doctorssing from Meijers?!
We love His loyalty knows no bounds.
Your awesome.
Stay
I'm sunkissed, but now I want a kiss!
Someone come makeout with me?
:
BucketList shoot a gun while free falling.
Fuck me in the ass witb a spiked bat right now.
Woot Woot!!!!!
sometimes the myth is better than the reality!
Ok Chris Brown that was dope staging.
Really.
I take it ur picks not doin so hot this weekend!!
Ur tweets have me rollin...
Can't wait for to come home!
I am so tired of eating pizza, lol!
Leonardo Da Vinci: nothing to find but disappointment
Was it shot heard round the world?
Ron Paul patriots takeover Alaska GOP.
They took Iowa in Feb.
RP supporters ROCKIN the party
Today's CompCloud keynote should be interesting.
About 1/2 the room is teamsales  the other half is teamfinance...which side are you on?
It's been a while, old man!
And I am great.
Thanks for asking.
How are you holding up?
Renew your AARP card yet?
:
Do you know anyone who might be interested in a parttime office assistant gig?
Social media, admin support  great communication req.
What's your favorite TacoTuesday restaurant in Milwaukee?
has my vote for their delicious 1 veggie tacos!
Thanks!
The NASATweetup stuff doesn't feel like work when u have such great people there.
Launch is worth waiting 4.
must REALLY be proud of the Timmy Time theme.
A 10 minute show with tune so long I feel like it's the 12 extended dance mix.
Merry Christmas guys love you all!
:D 3333
What, you didn't like it?
RT : Sun.
May 6, 3:30pm, WAHS Symphonic Band/Jazz Ensemble/Percussion Ensemble: annual free spring concert, Auditorium.
Baby your my world my life i dont know where my life would be without you i love you babygirl
I'm actually up in lovelansing helping my dad do some home repairs, I'm excited to check that place out though
PiSECTOR Cellular GSM Home Security Alarm System, Burglar ...
lol I am now!
Hey shit head what u been up to
Thanks sweetie!
It is from Victorias Secret.
What's your opinion on the Seattle Seahawks taking West Virginia's Bruce Irvin with the 15th overall pick?
right there with ya.
8
Omg you are amazing!3 I might have just found you but I'm defiantly a fan for life now33 can I get a follow??:
Threw All Tearz,I Still Manage To Smile..!
i know bro.
White RBs get no love.
Any scary costumes today?
Post pictures of them on our Facebook wall and have a Happy Halloween!
Now reading: Getting Open: The Unknown Story of Bill Garrett and the Integration of College Basketball overcoming
thanks, Chica!
Miss u!!
And then on the day you have free time, no one wants to do anything.
Oh man, the lines.
I feel a little better about skipping.
:D
4 day weekend and 3 day work week even better!!
Shit I'm Bouta go to sleep !
says truth can prove guilt and innocence and dna is the state of the art tool for doing that
i post more pics on instagram ..get on there :D
Thanks 4 the RT, so kind of you to support our work !
Blue jeans!
I slept 1 hour last nite...
literally
Hi Brinks!
:
Cool.
Let me know.
Still in the Strip.
Autocorrect keeps trying to make it deciles instead of deviled like it doesn't even know I'm the Egg Lady
: That random flashback, which brings back painful memories and breaks your heart all over again.
QFG  I hate those!!
me too...sorta:/
Great  what's the topic?
did i mention i  live music?
really, what would life be?
truee..
I need a pretty picture though
so far so good!
got my coffee and you're on my TL , couldn't be better
Voter number 304 at Marquette Elementary.
First time in Madison I've gotten a sticker before they ran out!
If burns were like motivation, I'd have 3rd degree , that's for sure!
LOVED the Beach Boys on the grammys!
They sounded great!
Watching a documentary: DNA freeing convicted ppl.
Wouldn't mind seeing a goal scored at this
Why,do we do the things we do?
I'm doing just what I do!
But WHY!!!???
follow if u like appreciation.
If only Amtrak had wifi I could avoid writing for a while longer.
Some plp has just got swagger that's not so swaggie
Better today, opened his eyes and moved his lips.
FYI  Still thinking about how amazing that Bar Mitzvah was, you are amazing!!!
Well this is a slightly boring day..
Oh, like that skinny blonde really cares about the skinny brunette.
That just fucking pissed me off.
Pull the stick out of your ass, bitch.
They got to walk that lonesome valley, Bill.
All by themselves...
Congratulations Laura Osnes on your Tony nomination for Bonnie  Clyde!
Thanks for your support of The Fund!
I love saved by the bell
markmywords that's all
Ah,fall...the leaves are blowing  everywhere!
Red, orange, colors abound.
Too nice outside today not to do neighborhood errands by foot!
happy easter love you!
Going to burger king.
Looking forward to hearing what kind of mascara this is!
Playing basketball in the Dunkin Donuts Center is just wrong.
The amount of cough doctorps I've eaten today is ridiculous.
no problem.
Fade away.
Emily!
Thank you darlin!!
: I miss you sweets!
: love your professorle picture!
Love you33
15 mins in cil11 exhibits and I already have 3 tote bags, a pen and so much new reading material.
Looking forward to the sessions starting!
Chinese Hackers Called Sloppy but Persistent  PCWorld computerworld.com/s/article/9209 via
So happy that and I have matching snuggies!
i beat the beat up call me rocky yeah i'm cocky cool
If he talks about Mama too much on the first date.
Sakonnet River Roller Rats vs.
The Mob Squad Saturday, October 2nd RICC Doors:6PM, Bout: 7PM Tickets available online at www.ArtTixRI.com
depends on the cruise ;
On the move....
If only we are stepping in the right places, it is just a matter of time that we will find ourselves in our destine place.
Moken Nunga
so can John Travolta
The best way to multiply your happiness is to share it with others.
Watching Tv Waiting On A Phone Call ;
No your not.
ha!
I would like to read the book about SteveJobs.
Some of the stories I have seen on CNN have been rather interesting.
hm...naan bread didn't puff up like it was suppose to.
tasty but more consistency of chapatti :/
oMg oMg imma b famous!!
Tune in on to see my online show debut!!!!
Follow these amazing guys show them ur love and support!
I wish New York had a QT so I can go get a 52oz sweet tea
txt unk for this weekend lol
Congratulations Stanford
Hang onto that guy, he's good.
RT: : The Brewers  Molitor have agreed to a 1yr contract, will pursue multiyr deal.
Troyzan just put a target on Kat.

I endorse cheesecake for breakfast.
It's one of my four food groups
thats as bad as the doctor who states he found the women's g spot by finding it on an 89 yr old woman who died from head injury
the funny moment when a cute couple makes a video for tumblr and break up.aw young love does die but that video will live on w.
9027notes.
email us at and we'll get this figured out.
Thanks!
My bad....really.....sorry, I just misread it!
What's with everyone and knee highs on this show?
Probably watching Oddities all.
Day.
Long.
3
I like him a lot too but he doesn't have a chance against Walker.
We need to be realistic
Yay.
Emma's going to be in a spec commercial for Nike by director Neil Payne.
Progress!
Start shooting in June.
Skinnys,White V Neck, J's On My Feet Fresh Out The Box..
Patient: I can't tell if I'm a tipi or a yurt..
Shrink: I think you're too tense.
From one taxi to another.
Like The Hip piece.
Loving this storm on the coast.
RT : How do u build new donor relationships?
breakfast club!
Hearing from NYC nonprofessort development directors
i would like to connect with teachers and basketball coaches
i forgot wat we were talking about?
I'm soo tired of school.
wow!
Good stuff!!!
way to do your part, AxMan!
lol
Based god it's Friday  lil' B
We have been quiet the last day in a half..a lot of work going on..
Oh that definitely helps!
Naming our Badges of Courage after women who've had breast cancer!
Please submit your story!
bit.ly/qmhiW9
Finished ubik by Philip K Dick on Existential fever doctoram of the highest order.
Highly recommend!
What about Robert Altman's KansasCity?
The Florence and the Machine station is by far my favorite station...
Well maybe it's tied with the Disney station..
They ultimately fell right into The Establishment's hands.
You ruin your hoods, no police presence and loot.
i didnt freak out about it but it was just shocking seeing the picture of him smoking/:
BACK AT IT
Its depressing how everything changed in just 2 months :/ maybe it was for the best
Morning Rockstars!
Genius begins great works; labor alone finishes them.
Joseph Joubert
my head hurts and im here waiting on the bf to come pick me up...have been having an extremely annoying day..
No green tea left
time to have a little kids meal.
frosted donuts and milk
Blerrrg, such a hard time waking up this morning.
I picked the wrong day to stop sniffing glue  I mean, doctornking coffee.
hey!
we're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives.
RDB is one of our bands!
check us out?
Party like its your birthday!!!
Come out to granby street if your local...celebrating the 29th tonight!
how u gettin there?
BigWest analyst crew on CBS2 in L.A.
with coaches Dan Monson of LBSU  Bobby Braswell of
One thing that got lost in last nights game was JaVale's HUGE block on Gasol at the end.
Gasol had a dunk but McGee denied it
i want to go see
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Moms out there!!
Happy Valentine's Day!
bs smh and hello again and u goin to get a hello a fuckin hi , a ni hao everytime u n the lounge
So excited I found my YAZ cd it's been lost for years.
Love love love big smile today
I'm just happy cause they got new era fitted Dallas cowboys hats now RT : Cowboys Update Cowboys Cheerleaders USO Show 2009
As a librarian I advocate shushing their asses.
That will really show them.
You are my 100th follower!
Thanks dahling
just checked out your blog.
All I can say is, jealous!

please call me
Men do less than they ought,unless they do all they can.Thomas Carlyle
please watch this kid on super nanny lol
Mouth thinning into a slash Its
Sitting on the quad for Emory U's graduation, the rain is starting to come down!
:
totally awesome.
So Happy for you that you were on the show.
You don't do this?
No way.
shump will only get better.
I love his game and tenacity.
Have ever felt like there is not enough days in a week?
Had a great day today .
ate some bomb food!!
M...
Am I ready for some time off next week?
I've already started working on doctorfts for my out of office message...
Let me know when you are in DC, love to grab coffee '06
i need a research assistant but they'll never give me one
Thanks to everyone that came out to our show with The Summer Set last night!
We had a great time because of you guys!
any other songs???
Asian Pacific American Institute for Congressional Studies holding 2day nat'l leadership training for elected and community leaders
Just asked  sdcitycouncil to prioritize energy efficient homes, local solar,  good jobs 4 underemployed communities.
Too busy...being busy
I'm eating a Nutella sandwich Niall I'll give it to you do you want it?
peyton wants to play for the texans and will be realesed next month
Think I'll have to pull an all nighter!!
Still got loads of stuff left to finish before school tomorrow!!
/ A real downer!!
That's a copout statement by someone who never led for the CHANGE he was swept into office on!
Excuses, excuses.
Pride time
: Really?
I am trending where?
Lol.
Feeling real gud rite now.
Hey you.
sent me besitos today.
I officially love you both!
love always
don't you hate exp dates?!
And it's when you're really craving something too!!!
Taranta's Web site joins millions of people to say NO to SOPA www.tarantarist.com
Yawns I'm getting hungry
RT : Just do one thing that's better than anyone else in the world.
Don't die inside.
Jeff Bonforte
cool music
her own cousin.
Bynum will fold against the stronger Perkins, and Ibaka is better than Pau anyday of the week!!
Just chilling right now!
Vibing
I want to tell you all that is in my heart, but I can find no words.
Only this  I love her with all my heart  soul.
ugh...
Thank you for the weekend!!
It's still so far away....
6pm1 at the maritime hotel cabanas.
come hang!
expresso makes me hyperventilate.
Rotary this morning, then back to farming.
send us an email at and we will get you connected with the right folks...
Mega Millions collection going on...
If we win, I do not take responsibility for the crumbling of ALS research.
Who saw Damon's liveshow on Sunday?!
:D
I should go to sleep.
I have a doc appt at 1:30
interested in webinar on connecting people with government
so apparently you know how to use photoshop..
If Jelena broke up, they would tweet about it.
Now, stop making those damn rumors.
2 codes won't work, and LABOR25 doesn't count as 1 to ur total sold
CUTEST COUPLE EVER
I want to make a pulling out joke about Santorum; is it too soon?
I guess those like me who didn't watch Lost barely qualify as people so don't technically constitute a type.
;
One month to Grand Opening!
Help us spread the word by suggesting your friends like us and follow us on Twitter: !
man/womanoftheyearevent Houston w/ yay, William!
Proud of u!
I haven't been this sore since preseason
Thanks for following!
We enjoy vino over here too :
Honesty creates trust and without trust you have nothing
am i doctornk?
how did she move like that during vogue?
I'm just going to come right out and say it.
I can make one mean freaking Excel spreadsheet.
I am what I am.
Your approval isn't needed..
Today May 12, is my friend , Birthday!
and if my followers could wish him the best!:
sweet..
thanks.
there are people hawking every imaginable Obama item on every street we've been down.
It's nuts.
happy 16th to you and your lovely bride!
yep getting ready to head that way and catch the first fight at 5:00 they two main events will be on hbo tonight  9
Great Pic, is great and speaks at my church Unity onthe Bay too in
I wanna make some beats but I ain't tryna move.
I'm not spending all morning tweeting like I did yesterday, but I'd love some blog comments!
InRoute to that money!
Hog raisers threaten 5day pork holiday
Last day for FREE shipping!
Impressive showing, for a team with loads of injuries, a short week, and in an away game across country, you did spectacular.
at least Saito didn't run with the same luck as Gallardo with that terrible call.
asap over everything?
20 off today all iguanamed scrubs for nurseappreciationweek Sale Ends Today!
Well, We will have a complete package along with marketing materials ready by the end of this week.
Would you like a update?
LA vs The World RT Lakers/Clippers 4 wins away from facing in the West Finals.
No one outside of LA thinks that will happen
Watching Gonzo and remembering why I permanently tattooed his badge on my arm.
Cool.
300 followers.
If I get like 100 more, I'll only be 100 way from being half way to 1000!
Who cares?
Cal is garbage.
We saw them get DESTROYED firsthand by a Big East team and the Buckeyes.
Who's all going to Pub Fiction this Wednesday to see Stoney Larue?
If you're not, you should.
DM me for more info!
jokeorserious Hahahahaha literally just made my night
It's like Ticketmaster set the bar on how messed up online ticketing is, and all other sites follow the example.
Stop.
I can barely take it.
Can't wait.
My whole day is scheduled around your shows see earlier Tweets.
Back in Chicago...
colder than Vegas, but it was nice to eat delicious Chitown food again...
Beef Sandwich....
M!
Working on development of a new product....
Totally wishing I had to help me figure out this licensing thing right now!
Didn't you buy a MacBo0k?
So when lgbt folks want same rights as everyone, it's special rights, when right wants special exemptions from laws it's equal rights?
how did you find me?
We in here muthafucka
dont call yourself ugly...
RASPBERRY MARTINI stoli raspberry vodka, stoli blueberry vodka, cranberry juice, pineapple juice, pureed raspberries
You know you have too many DVDs when you accidentally buy the same one twice....SMH
like lol my room used to be like that haha
When complaining to my stone fabricator today about ugly granite he told me every stone has a place He loves his job, so endearing
Rams doctorft DT Michael Brockers with the 14th pick in the
Girls Next Door marathon, makes me want to go back to Vegas ASAP!
Lakers need to pound the ball in and push these
you know what's crazy about your sex doctoram?
there's no sex in it with bent being canceled, i'm down to...
13 shows.
down.
Called to get my bill fixed.
They're trying to charge me 7 more a mo and they're acting like they did me a favor.
People didn't make you, so don't allow them to break you
Parents.
Sometimes you love em to death, and other times you just want to nail them with something heavy.
Be sure to support our neighbors, The Company Burger and Freret Street Yoga!
LOL has gone from meaning Laugh out loud to I dont know what to say.
ok miss lady
are you really?
maybe I'll find you!ohmygosh yea I'll be lurking around for them.
hope you get to meet them, you deserve it!
Telegraphs from last night.
Dot tumblr dot com.
Watching Toddlers  Tiaras for the first time and all I've to say is these women should be in jail w/my foot up there ass.
chocolate chip cookie dough icecream is what doctorams are made of
Cool : you are welcome and thank you for the thX
Oh.
Are you like pissed at them.
Haha I didn't know.
Nobody tells me anything...ahah.
Eating a full box of cereal in one sitting
Super busy guys.
We're working on the film when I'm not working on schoolwork.
And I'm working on schoolwork when I'm not working.
We will be posting our first weekly Deals and Steals list on Friday.
Contact us if you would like to have your company's promotion listed.
things I don't feel like doing today: moving.
Huge sale on Seahawks jerseys.
I would expect an overhaul.
don't you have to score more points to win?
Yeah, but I can't just start making todo's for everybody, now can I?
/cc
both in Public Affairs.
:
THANK U PEPRAH!!
I got that stoneritis
Yeah.
But a new project feels like freedom right now.
you welcome and oh one thing u should know I pretty much flirt with anyone, which is weird, just being honest.
It's 1/2 Price Frapps which means I'm gaining xtra 5 lbs this week.
I just got the Cookie Crumble with Chocolate Whip.
Tune in 2 DJ R Skwared no commercials pure music to get ur morning/day/workout going believe me it worx download r free app search NFN Radio
Hello new friends, thx for following 
your right ..
Just gotta move on mentally now
professor George Lewis is guest lecturer in the Afrofuturism seminar, Tuesday, October 11th, 6pm, Kellen Auditorium, 66 Fifth Ave.
Goodnight, my dears.
so bored!!
Pretty much realizing that anything I COULD do wrong , I guess I WILL do wrong :/
Awesome, man!
Proud of you.
Will be following your adventure closely.
Enjoy!
Let me get this viddy app so I can upload yall rendition of song.
payback  I got y'all gyrating and everything!!
SWA does fly to Manchester, NH...which is close
haha I love him too
Client wants me to learn Sharepoint, so far I really like it.
That's kinda fucked up..
: Guys who go to happy hour were AMAZING athletes in high school.
Don't forget that semester of junior college!
Ballin!
Hey there!
Is it true that adding another team member to an account costs USD30, up from USD15?
Thanks Kemp!
Damn.
Found my first gray chest hair.
I guess it's time to start planning my midlife crisis in earnest.
Thanks!!
we're excited and a little nervous!
RT : all the best for the kickstarter launch!
Need business cards,flyers,decals,posters designed for your company or event?
Text 7862990376.
How many people have kept their Resolutions this week?
Happy First Friday of 2012.
on tape delay but do far so good...
No updates please!
What up now den BLUE!!!
I got some tricks!!!
the movie was GREAT!
The past is over, so it has no power now.
The thoughts of this moment create my future.
With the 270th pick in the FSWA FantasyBaseball Experts doctorft I went with : Jason Bartlett
That was enough food for a family of four almost, LOL!
Happy Hump Day!
There's something in the air today!
I can never sleep early anymore.
just tryna help I gotta eye fa dese hoes .
of course man.
Props need to be given, when props are due.
Keep doing your thing.
Saw the article.
Great stuff!
no it is not fair :/
premature question...
now I know.
Talent Show Tomorrow.
So Excited!
:
doctorft time
happy early birthday!?
Oh I see.
Hugs for you!
: umh why .?
I wanted to know if she was a virgin or not!
I love how when I text brb, it changes it to Barbernell ..?
PHAME sends big thanks to our friends  Gretchen  John at The Standard for their volunteer support  go Team Fish out of Water!!
what time is your band playing?!
uk u said u loved me now i dnt believe it one bit
I will always and forever love and be your fan 3
Talk that talk
Dear Katy Perry, why is your hair blue?
Love, the world.
Oh if only I could remember the wages of my escapades, at a more prudent time than later on that day.
Just sitting at home sick...
Wishing that would follow me...
taylor swifts new album  3 :
Praying for all the GAFAF12 students today that God will minister to their hearts as they perform!
Hey Louis!!:
who was our SDSU friend again?
Good Morning and !
Thank you for that saucy follow...
NeverTrustAGirlThat that only calls or txts when she needs something
Haha!
Glad you like!
A road trip sounds pretty good though.
I will and u 2!:and please follow me Austin I love u
I would go to Paris.
Just because I want to.
I wouldn't do anything except eat and sleep and see the Eiffel tower.
are the yelling about all the Carolina handchecks not being called???
Vera and John right not OO
agreed.
Potash is most heinous.
I have a headache.
Egh!
Pretty sure I'm headed to the Rose Bowl to watch TCU show how it's done.
iTunes is offering The Gossip's new song as the free download of the week!
The big question now, does it STILL exist?
: The biggest WTFmoment I've ever had was when I found out the WNBA actually exists.
Tic Tic Tic.....finish it.
Put some art into the world today.
Don't judge it.
Let it be famously terrible.
Or great.
Who really cares either way but you?
Be a realist...
with a dash of positivity :
One of my pet peeves is women who don't put the toilet seat back up when they're finished
Pleasant doctorams, Ms.
Barbara.
I will need you rested for tomorrow.
schemes
Jk that was a lie
that wouldve been awesome!!!!
When you in LA we should!
I know I have bad grammar but you just make no sense.
: I finally got my OG on at StrEATS on Saturday!
Thanks for all the cheesy gooey goodness!
Delish!
I just love my ALL STAR shoes!!
Unless youre the final owner of the decision, let your peers decide, then let it go.
Unusual and wise advice in our space.
follow back please?
:
HA!!
Fear the brow!!
Yay!
Thank you!
Ferrer definitely not playing like a 9:1 underdog.
More like a 5:1 underdog :D sick match so far
it's a pillow, it's a pet  it's a pillow pet
ohkay what's his name
idk man i just feel the same way.
Quote: The behavior you see is the behavior you've designed for...
I hope I'm hearing sad resignation in the context
I've noticed that since the weather has been so nice I've been doctorssing cuter, and I haven't been in a bad mood 
What's right?
love that quote.
Needed it especially today.
how was your day today ??
Fact or Opinion?
A good academic writer develops the ability to determine the difference  write appropriately
We're going to add some color to the Seattle skyline today!
I'm answering you now xD
heyyo!
Thanks for the follow back:
Jr is a mess
hey i MADE A NEW TWITTER ALL OF U GUYS FOLLOW IT P.S.
SPAM FREE!!!!!!!!
Godfather of fitness, Jack Lalanne has passed away at 96.
R.I.P.
buddy.
Walmart fabulous?
Lots of orders going to tomorrow: cupcakes, cream puffs, bagels, more bagels and bagel chips.
kind of, in a way, yeah, deep down a part of me did :
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
Elbert Hubbard
Designing a new office or home.
Don't use knobs!
Only use cabinet pulls nuch easier to grasp.
Meets Universal design codes.
so true..that's all that most people have though
Thank u God for blessing me with positive peeps in my life  thank u for deleting all the peeps that didn't belong or believed in me.
Keep Oregon...
Weird?
Two games in a row where a kickoff return man and ball almost crosses the goal line to run it out but doesn't.
Weird.
I think it's a mistake.
Just a random alert telling me I got 2gb free.
Couldn't find anything on google abt a promo or anything.
Ha
I love you for this: RT : What exactly is the point of soft porn?
: CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 60
Tavern Trivia tonight starting at 7:30!
Hints o' the week: Super Bowl may be over but do you know who Chuck Howley is?
Best find out for...
Too busy to tweet.
This tax season is sweet!
Working a little less.
Body holding up so far!
That mind/body/stress connection so real!
lucky to have to make those types of decisions how about an American car?
Need to support economy right :
You must be stuck on stupid
oh, those are seashells, i thought that it was garlic, maybe theyre scared of doctorcula
Knock Knock.
hey, mikemike!
Had no cellie yesterday so I'm hollering today!
good call  that whole tool/trope thing has tripped me up more than I'd like to admit
Did I just really tweet tht?
lmfao

jajaja que mala eres!
She split the duo for a solo career on 2008.
MUSICNEWS Axl Rose has no appetite for Rock Hall of Fame
Free promotion for yourself is a click away friend : try the link on my professorle.
BTW, interested follow4 follow?
Gorgeous doctorsses and gowns for 10 each at the AIDS Taskforce office.
It's a spring formal fundoctoriser.
Come play doctorss up with us until 4pm!
Begin the day with a friendly smile!!!
:
what does that make the people in the middle?
Waiting in line to order food
thanks for sharing it!
:
So is not looking forward to school tomorrow at a ver angry CieraMariexoxo
Lmao, you got a point there RT : Hell ur ass takes up the entire picture
Technically, the OWSer didn't add any graphics, so infographic is a stretch.
But infograffiti works great.
thanks for leading!
The DOIT help desk is now the Technical Support Center and they are now located on the UMBC library's first floor!
Come by and say hello!
Congradulations for the awards on the MMVA I FEEL SO PROUD OF YOU
To leave one stick of chapstick in your laundoctor is considered a misfortune.
To leave two looks like carelessness.
Overtime in Vancouver.
Love the NHL Playoffs!
whats the game called?:
I need someone to smoke my first bowl of 420, preferably a hot girl to do dirty, dirty things with!!!
I did, and I absolutely love it.
I'll be scheduling a makeover with sometime very soon :
Why This Bareheaded Motherfucka Mad I Was Holla'n At his Girl....Don't Hate The Playa Nigga...
The show's premise is great!
RT Wow: in LastResort, a sub crew's ordered to obliterate Pakistan.
That is...pretty intense.
and I have a child.
Actually, like decent healthcare, yes.
They do have a right to higher education.
Exclusive Discount: Save 15 Percent On Stunning, Comfy Pieces!
With some holiday offtime coming up, we 're look
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Yes, the number one factor in how expensive your divorce will be is still which spouse you selected.
:
We need to find the middle ground between viewers that are directed to content  those who find it naturally
i hate pretty Bitches
Why not?
i smell like a goddamn peach
What if he's been dead....and he doesn't realize it?
I've been praying for you too, I hate the things people say!
God knows your heart and mind...May God bless you!
thanks Lee you too
Who are those fucktards?
Hello!!
follow me
Update: staying for a 3rd night at the hospital.
Baby has an ear infection in both ears and is still coughing a lot but improving.
Love it!
This country is in SERIOUS trouble; choosing between romney  obama is like choosing between an idiot  a moron; good luck w/the lies!!
Wishing class was cancelled so I could watch Game 7.
Go Caps!!!
Giving up bagels for lent is te hardest thing I've ever had to do
Great things are done when men and mountains meet.
William Blake
Awesome Scott Pilgrim shirt on www.teefury.com!!!
I love you 21
GM China sets sales record in March GM said sales in China, where it is the largest foreign automaker, rose 11 percent from a year earlie
RT God's timing is always on time.
Cleveland Browns Training Camp start July 29th.
Come out and support!
really proves their knowledge on being an adubber.
Tomorrow is BDay in CA.
Brinker decision to be issued at 10:00 a.m.
CA Sup Ct site to crash at 10:01 am.
Getting carpal tunnel from too much paper writing.
The Grilled Sea Scallops are eating really well right now :
Just minutes to the premiere at sundancefest!
justfilms and a packed theater eagerly awaiting the start of the show.
dunni which, but a 1d member sounds kinda like Brendan Urie in a couple songs.
I like.
DM Serial entrepreneur.
Initially targeted 15 Mil business that is headed beyond what I want to tackle.
DM if we should talk.
was it jeremy?
Haha
Going to go layout for a while...
god I love not having a job!
its the attitude towards the Midwest I find offensive.
And small town food should be celebrated for what it is,not what it's not!
girl, it was a total blast.
If he doesn't make the general could he run as a qualified writein candidate?
Emailed my building asking them to switch our cable provider from to Comcast because I need my !
Hi Monika can you give me your phone so I can trace the order and see what happened/who you talked to?
You can DM if youd like
Anywhere with a bench is going to  greater possibility for engagement.
Benchbased social media FTW.
god morning!
3
Go Jeter twins v
Why do call me cutie?
Just added the Help Haiti app to my Blackberry.
Download from Blackberry App World, but more importantly, GIVE.
All to justify the social order.
Thanks everyone for your prayers for my father.
He has a torn ligament in his shoulder and the pain is what caused all his nerve problems
I'm going to have an awesome birthday.
you're too smart for me;
Fickle.
Hm.
megabus, nice.
How bad was it
To all the crazy people bashing President Obamas christmas tree tax as being unchristian I say christmas isn't even a christian holiday
Watching a scary movie by myself again.
Maybe this is why I have such weird doctorams?
The Hustler
lol I feel like a zombie right now
omg!
got really excited for a second cuz i thought tweeted me..
turned out to be someone else..
:
LOL!
I have a visual in my head, that is too funny!
And all I can say is....aw!
GOP/TPers/PUNDITS in it for cashcarryPOWER, not USNATION GOP has figured out how 2 fool all the pple all the time and most fell for it
obviously we don't agree w/ all the articles we publish, since we just seek to host the conversation of the Left
One thing we dont do enough is thank our local farms Carlton, Kookoolan  Afton Field Farms, we couldnt do this without you!
Have y'all forgot about me?
Apparently you have
But still!
It's hard to like young dudes, though.
They're so retarded.
I like 17 and 18 year olds.
D:
You know I have love for the posters.
But the artificial supply limits is lame.
There is not reason for it.
I declare today a day of rest!
Damn I can't sleep past 10:00 a.m.
Before u judge someones appearance or behaviour learn who they r what they've been through.
Ur views towards them may doctormatically change.
great feature tonight.
Where in WI are you from?
I don't often hug things that won't hug back, but ok.
I understand.
; lol
aw...thank you, honey.
Time to go hard in the gym with my bro
be glad you can C!
I guess the only thing left to do is take a step back.
The place that previously did my laundoctor closed, so now I have to walk 20 feet further and give my laundoctor to someone else
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Friday 04/13/12 is Ian, Dan and Sally!
70 to 80 Percent of dogs in certain breeds have arthritis Agility for Dogs  Cats contains MSM and Glucosamine
I'm so tired of defending what I've become
haha you don't remember Deon?
That's it!
I'm joining you next time.
;
NEW MAGAZINE IN THE WORKS www.myspace.com/streetgrooveentertainment
Excited to be flying to Seattle on Tuesday!
I've heard nothing but great things!
hey do u know when  how much the pre sale tix are gonna b for godsmack?
lol I love it.
It's very easy.
Roasting my buns
haha fine, but dont tell anyone cuz if everyone asks i wont have enough songs ha
I'm glad to see there's a natural pest control company so nearby!
What a great service.
Thanks for the follow!
:
Next time quickly write phone number on ketchup bottle with sharpie.
are those fosters' kids?
Bring on them Mavs!
Ate two homeade banana chocolate chip muffins today thanks to So good!
Stop being such a flirt.
for a glass of cold wine before I head home to the oven.
I want your hair and I'm super jealous that you can pull it off...
JELLI!!!
Watching Love Actually with the fam.
We should be packing to move, but this is much more Christmasy and fun.
I am responding to the post on my FB pg today by ASAN  why would USA Today have an Autism chat w/o including Autistic ppl.
?
Looking for a great haircut?
See Gilbert Meza, Acme Salon Banker's Hill, SD  tel 6192910424
No Thank U
The Rangers vs Orioles record 303 game is in jeopardy tonight...
Not against multitasking, but opportunity for onthefly lobbying not ok.
briefly about...
: esp when they keep changing middleground terrain in hope of displacing everyone into all all the time!
:P
Hi  Welcome to the Hive.
RT I don't want to get the meningitis vaccineD;
OO y'all deserve to meet y'all founders at the rate they charging for centennial
Please ppl.
Do not TEXT  doctorVE!!!
savelife's
I really should tweet more.
I find myself reading others tweets and then forget that I too must join the conversation.
what happened to it's a classic lol
That He look good!
...
NEVERMIND.
moment .
that's cool!
I'll be outside.
dis girl moving way to fast i just met u : 
live by me why?
Sometimes in life you meet someone.
They won't be your soul mate but they'll still change your life in ways you could have never imagined.
I know!
It has been one crazy week!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Argo Tea Cafe  Tea Room
When I saw this I thought it was going to be about Bubba the Love Sponge.
Lessons from zeke crushed it, and I'm with a hot chick.
fisher house.
military  vets families to be close to a loved one during hospitalization for an illness, disease or injury
Thanks!
Yeah, I love the new Flaunt cards for Xmas.
My fav is '3 French Hen's  'Sandy Claws is Coming' :
OMG i love that movie !
you have 1 follower bt u use words like 'morning world' n 'good mornin y'all' ai shem SMH.
whatever don't hate on Donald Faison.
Geology professorssor tossing kids out of lecture like he's Steve Javie
RT : Juniors and sophomores interested in learning more about should attend Spring Preview on March 23!...
u sound very happy btw which is great!
sounds like u have been working a lot too
: Good things come to those who wait?
Wrong.
Good things come to those who go after what they want.
why is it forbidden...?
Getting sunburnt easily..
Typo, or not?
Indeed, the imperative to remember carries over to those of us who love after Auschwitz.
RT Women say they love a man in uniform but when I go clubbing in my McDonalds outfit none of them will even talk to me.
Six Days to brew your favorite breweries!
Make your appointments now!
Open 4/23 and 4/24 for craft beer week!
that would get you 20 of our speciality pizzas...
party at Barry's!
up up down down left right left right B A start...
Check out the demo video for our new version Jagimo video: bit.ly/igwEJb
'Chinplants' Fastest Growing Plastic Surgery Trend
20thingsaboutme one of my life goals is to eat sushi.
Thanks so much as always.
I hope you are well.
Lets get the Outer Space Men down to Columbia!!
I will make you rich.
Best, Gary.
DIRK!!!
Yay for Mavs at the
Hey!
Wish you'd post more often.
Seems like you're only in NY these days and never in L.A.
True?
Tweet us and tell us your experience thriting, where is your favorite place to thrift?
I WANNA MEET
Cant sleep
All this false innocence amuses me
it was weird this total stranger gave a kiss on the sidewalk today!
The name of my next video is Under 21 nigga...
A lot of niggas tryna floss now but my name been in the books since 08 nigga ask about me
BREAKING NEWS: Miami hospitals inundated with hip fractures as a result of The Wave at American Airlines Arena.
People always change.
:/
Does your selfesteem as a lawyer harbor any negative notions of selling as a bad thing?
This can be a root cause of halfhearted rainmaking
I see you doing it big!
Good luck to you
Stunning story on Bryant Gumbel show about the Russian plane crash that killed 44 hockey players.
Old plane, bad pilots...all to save money.
Philly doesn't want you to leave either.
: Ugh.
I don't want to move out of my apartment and move to Asia.
meeting the perfect guy then finding out ...
HE HAS KIDS :
In class today students went on trips to the Smithsonian and AFI Silverdocs...stay tuned for a video blog update!
girl that show was aggravating!
The lakers getting whipped lol
Of course, this chat is meant to be interactive, so please feel free to chime in at any time with your Qs or comments
...well just by putting my heel down to walk.
O.O
MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I didnt have the dishes done before she got home.....
Awful weather but getting lots of housework done
The longer you have to wait for something, the more you will appreciate it when it finally arrives3 .
Being demanded what to do 
SHOUTOUT TO SHE IS TRYING TO GET TO 2,100 FOLLOWERS!
SHE WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK!!
GO GO GO!!
So what exactly causes a headache?
More specifically, what causes a migraine?
They suck.
I think they should go all in for Michael Brockers.
I've heard, but so difficult 2 order software, get it here, get IT 2 come and install, get them 2 troubleshoot.
Headache.
Like a good neighbor state farm is there with
Awww Thank you!!:
NY but i stay in NC
I'm not giving you an intense look.
I'm trying to pop this zit on the back of my head.
I just look intense while i'm doing it.
time to rest and train hard in the morning
Watching Friends always puts me in a better mood 3
Today is gonna be awesome!
got a hot date tonight...
WITH MY BOOK.
Best doctornk with chocolate chip cookies?
I know milk seems obvious, but I hate the stuff, so I'm going with coffee.
kids be spoiled and don't ever know it
take a pic
One perk of working the evening shift is having more time to do things in the morning, like making AND eating breakfast.
Exciting...
The Fellowship is having us do mock labor neg.I am on the Union side  plan on blastingHazel Dickens the whole time.
Unfair labor practice?
Thanks for following !
Going to TechCon, by chance?
gay rager in support of Obama!
let's go Giants!
There's only so many songs that I can sing to pass the time, and I'm running out of things to do to get you off my mind.
Terrell Owens and Cris Carter  0 Super Bowl Rings.
Get ready for some SERIOUS 80's music tonight at CCB!!!
summer is slowly getting closer :D
thanks!
You're nice!
Ready to conquer the world.
Or at least my part I will not be denied.
I am coming after you.
I wish I could google things to eat in my fridge so I wouldnt have to go downstairs and be disappointed.
Looking for a Valentine's Day gift?
Cool idea: Rmister 2012 season tickets!
90/ 6 Fillmore bouts.
Email: .
I'm in.
Was thinking of possibly hitting up late night ramen at with on Thursday.
no, lol...I'm talking about the game Words With Friends.
Its an app on smart phones that you can get.
I have it on my iPhone
Marco knew
It might be a joke to you but to me you can go die in a hole cause you are not funny not now, never will be :l
It's Friday, almost done with work, hair is a hot mess and I need a cocktail.
Happy Almost Weekend!
Next Saturday needs to hurry up and get here.
Planning to doctorve down to Venice  any recommendations for a cozy BB / hotel to stay for 23 days?
How far can you go by car?
Cheers!
Sorry havent been on its called being busy :/
I want to see St.
Louis take a nosohigh stick to the face
....
you welcome ....
looking forward to following :
So Dave Matthews would be cast as me in a remake of Faceoff?
That is the weirdest thing I've ever tweeted
I got a freaking hug from Martin Broda tonight!: then i went and cried..
best fucking concert ever
Happy Birthday!!!
:
I think ur smile is amazing like when i saw ur smile it like made my day and when comes dancing u have talent!
My cat is very talkative!!!
NFL LOCKS !!!
Chicago Bears 1, NY Jets1 , Miami 1, Dallas13,Cleveland3 Lock it In !!!
Hope you have a blessed day!!
High of 91.
This is gonna be a warm one.
Thanks for the Shout Out
Wow, yeah I checked and we shot up almost 500 spots in the UK and it may be some print ads.
Not complaining ; Congrats to you!
Getting ready to bake some Christmas presents.
Welcome to my Fan page Tom and Lester!
:
I went w the rose.
Not as much maintenance necessary!
agreed!
And you'd have to have great balance too!
nice I wish I could get one lol
okay i got 1000 tweets just about you, but when will you tweet something about me ?
D: 3 i am waiting
i love you please notice me ?
Meat loaf, garlic potatos, carrots and peas, sunday supper at roots...
Better get some follows from you guys, keep om tweetin!
well his party is next Thursday night...
I just cranked 's Bandaid and gave away tickets to Gabrielle Naples of Salem on
you will never notice me or ever tweet me
Not at all.
I'm just calling you a nerd but am including the compliment of an attractive nerd for good measures.
I'm craving a good sour beer right now.
Holy Fuck, my alarm clock scared the shit out of me :o
Miller: NCLB turned on the lights.
It made education important to everyone in the community.
just saw you in Beer Wars  loved comments about making angry beer, never compromising
who ordered the personalized tour dvd?
what does your message say?
i cant think of anything for mine!
:/
Yes you do
happy 14th birthday baby: I love you do much 3
Happy Hour all night with Gary behind the bar!
We're also featuring a new list of rolls in memory of our dear friend, Bil Rieger
Mark/enter Spring 2012 events on/in your NEW calendars!
LOL FA REAL DO ME I NEED TAH HEAR SUM NEW SHIT
And, if you know a fellow theater buff interested in participating in a different area, city, etc...
The Germans who settled in America became the single largest national group to populate the United States.
Great day grappling with engagement and social media  thanks to
o fuck this shit is EPIC
O always love the SXSW tweets.
My Theory SXSW is where Twitter first took off in 4 years ago.
Is that true?
Electronic literature is a mere academic faction, now exhausted.
My cat has the sniffles.
I hope it's not fullblown AIDS.
My iphone case came in AH!: ,this is perfect because when i just started typing this boyfriend came on , i requested it:
Yep.
Though I'd be happier with .war metaphor to doctorp into an app server like modpython/modwsgi or something.
Live  My Photo shoot
Right on.
Do it!
you guys are you soo cute together: like i said come back to pittsburgh soon!
:
0 punts today
More love from SC!
ACCENTS BY CAROL 7751C N.
KINGS HWY MYRTLE BEACH SC 29572
you sonofabitch.
Jealous!
When I first came to the Lord in 09 a friend told me about I listened to him 4 like a yr cus I didn't no of anyone else
dad was like when are you gettin ur hair redone?
I was like why?
You dont like it?
He was like , its ok if you live in a trailer park.
Oh.
how can they be legit when crabbing season hasn't started yet here?
I'm jealous!
what?
Why not
its alright i guess i forgive you
Tolbert makes a nice run for a first!
I'm jealous of your NetJets account.
Cinema Paradiso Kisses!
easy is always good!
I think couches de couleur is the easiest technique ever.
It is so simple yet has such doctormatic effect.
Btw, those last few tweets of mine were real spam sirens....
It's 104F...
Who's heading to the trails for afterwork running?
It's a hot one out there, take care of yourselves!
Count me in as a hardcore directioner too!
how could you not be?
;
Gonna straighten le hair.
uu
It is a naptini.
Just met a patron's young daughter.
Beautiful.
I finnaly have tea!!
I'm giving thanks that my daughter comes home in 5 hours and 22 minutes...yes, I'm counting!
People get jealous cuz I put in work.
I'm not the only one.
Most of everybody in my group put in work expecting nothing in return!
Contacting an agent that might be the way to my US actor work visa today!
All thanks to Fingers crossed!!
Getting ready for the Civic Leadership luncheon at noon today will you be there to see Tami Door receive 9news Leader of the year?
wish I was going to coachella this year, maybe next year, making it to one in the near future for sure.
You stay classy, OLPH.
There's nothing like shooting threes and running a press when your already up 40
Ah, Thank you!
Lots of loveappreciation for you, too.
:
Friday Fashion  HOT or NOT: Maxi doctorsses.
Right on, brother!
Big thanks for the RT!
Telling people on Twitter you're going to bed prevents you from sleeping ;
The one thing that can hurt the most when I'm sad, is faking a smile.
Still less than 80, still less than 32.
There's a difference between what you said and what you did.
Cold morning in Spring Hill today.
How's the weather where you are?
It's ok How do u think the Flyers fans felt in 0607 they all wore bags on their heads in ain't that bad
and that is why I like you!
Getting prepared for the craziness at Comic Con this year.
We have some great bits we will be releasing.
Donna Karger stole my cab!
W/
sityoassdown RT: Who got phone cords??
Im tryna double dutch
Most people can't handle All You Can Eat BBQ at Oz!
Can you?
Try for 18.99 per person!
Hey guys, here's a chance to get in on the next big thing before everyone else.
Text the phrase cashtexts 2590 to the number 69302
RT : Free event  7pm students read work inspired by art in the collection.
Tonight's theme, The Watchful...
Another confirmation for 3 p.m.
today.
Hint: gymnastics.
The day after Memorial Day.
I can't wait, already brainstorming story ideas!
i believe the BR picnic knoll is next to the playgrounds, below that building w/the bathrooms
in toledo lol I heard that the power went out on one side f the city
Hey , are you here to see the city?
Happy Birthday!
poor pooch, probably kept up with you for a mile or so
I never played that
Once again this reminds me how ridiculous most pickups are.
Why?!
It really doesn't have to be that bad.
I Have The E3 Flasher But I Prefer Your Jailbreak Better...Cant Wait Till You Release It!
How do you pitch Oliver?!
what do you mean by score
Learning the Twitter world
annoyed and have a raging headache...
Be who you are, and say what you feel  doctor Seuss 
Here's to hoping the Ravens pick you up today!
Ima munch out again
Guess I'm back on my water diet.
Morning Tweet i.....
Back at workcan a tuesday feel like 2X monday when you coem back from a holiday?
Me too!
Just found some shrooms in my pocket from the other day too!
:
Dear lowes, if my purchases earned points, i so would have an extreme home make over saved up by now...
He say am not showing interest...And I said am not IFeelBad...But shit am beening RealChange of 

AndoctoraRussett hello emily you can follow me, because you are no longer active in your old account
Talent is a blessing, skill has to be learned..
True, but most clinicaltrials need wider audience than sm can provide
Just found the perfect patio for the summer the port way tavern
An investment bank can make a 2 billion dollar blunder but student loan rates can't be lowered, where are our priorities
People fall in love with personalities, not with robots, publications or PR agencies
glad to hear :
mom.
shut up, go to bed.
stop telling me to get off the computer.D:
Where's the new job??
I had no idea!
R.I.P.
Glenn Lord.
He shared with the world everything by Robert E.
Howard that wasn't Conan, and that's a hell of a lot.
401k/benefits Amazing and unheard of nowadays for a small company to provide.Thank you
Thanks, Linsey!
I'll give it a try!
NASFAA President Justin doctoreger just finished speaking about importance of giving students a shot at their postsecondary educations.
When you get something for nothing, you just haven't been billed for it yet.
Franklin P Jones
I think what you mean to say is cheaper, less attractive and more immature ;
shout out to for being our lucky number 1300 .
pm us your info and we'll get you copies of our three latest EPs asap.
This week is going to be amazing and we couldn't be more excited!
Stay tuned for some fun info  giveaways to come!
our state deserves to lose tourist  for amending the constitution in the name of bigotry and
Howdy!
No nukes specifically, primarily class I surgical instrumentation, chemicals and custom procedure trays.
I concur!
You are a class act!
Who remembers what tomorrow is??
Piglatin hint: icketstay go on alesay...
Nicholas not ready for opening day just yet.
But daddy has some sweet seats
NOW all the sober and awake people start to talk to me.
Glad you liked it.
We have so much more to do.
Cant say it was a hard decision, I had a good feeling in my gut and in my heart.
guys or girls????
I know.
it sucks 
did the 2weekchallenge start yesterday or does it start next Monday?
Dick Cheney considers Mubarak a good friend and US ally.
Why am I not surprised?
ur welcome.
Its a beautiful day for u 2.
death has a way of reframing life.
i feel sad, exhausted, empty and excited to see what's next for you all at the same time, friend.
have fun in aus.
are u friends w/ lee seon hwa?
is she feeling?
playing?
thanks  good luck.
this is awesome!
so darn clever.
I see great things in your future.
Congrats!
Doubt the conventional wisdom unless you can verify it with reason and experiment.
Steve Albini
Beautiful day to edit...NOT
Love seeing my sports fans tweet on sundays, its like my private twitter doctorma!
I am one lucky girl.
I have the best family ever 3
: If I were to ever host Punk'd, I do it on lol haha!
This guy :
Hell of a game yesterday!!
big ups, stay healthy my man, I need you carrying my fantasy football team through the playoffs!
follow me back lady :
That apple juice is going to merk your stomach though...
detention was funny as hell bro
damn!
what a day
I love how happy  hyper I am on days after I take my meds
status ...New website, coming soon!
missed you!
seriously?!
Idk mine :/ I'll reply tomorrow
Haha nah, I was out making a difference by talking to LHC kids about being successful in life.
Billy Williams Statue Dedication party happening at CMC, Billy, Ernie, Fergie Jenkins, Jesse Jackson, Randy Hundley, Glenn Beckert all here!
Happing Right Now: San Diego lifeguards checking out a dolphin in distress north of Scripps Pier.
The latest
Walked from Nebraska to Iowa tonight.
Boy am I tired!
lol I'm assuming you wanted Fayetteville to win?
party time
AmbriaProdigy!
or Roc or Prince or Ray it doesnt really matter i love em all :D
be careful!
Next thing you know, you'll be doctornking week old coffee and wearing clothes from the hamper.
Please follow me !
Here we go boys, I'm getting my BROOM for this sweep that's about to happen!
How did you know?
PACKERS  Green Bays Charles Woodson to attend POLITICO's Special Celebrity Edition WHCD Kickoff at the Newseum Friday 8am
That movie is really good.
You'll love it!
Kings bench Jimmer and pull off two wins in a row.
This is not a coincidence.
You shut up!
MUSIC VIDEO: OMG Girlz  Gucci This 
Holy hell, are you okay?!
ok if you havent noticed, i've given up on the starships video but i'm about to film ONE WHOLE VIDEO, so you edit it.
OK :D
Tokyo Disney
Brit and I can bring in some leftover for U all at the studio
Will inevitably think of Michael Kelso from that 70's show when Ashton plays Steve Jobs.
Hippy era Jobs: win.
Keynote speaker Jobs: Fail.
Today is Edit Day.
Today is Nose to the Grindstone Day.
Today is Kick Chapter 15 Square in the Junk Day.
that's unfortunate!
I'm wearing my Lederhosen and off to Oktoberfest!
Regular naps prevent old age.....
especially if you take them while doctorving.
Dirty dancing is why I dance so well.
I gave a young lady news that she got the job.
She squeeed at such a high pitch that somewhere something made of glass must've shattered.
dang hunger games kicked ass
Thank you...if not i always have next year:
I've been watching the Portugal U20 WC team, 3 players stand out to me Oliveira, Reis, and Caetano.
What do you know them?
ok YAHHH both !!!
WE WILL MEET HER
excited to speak at Penn State again this September!
Will be here before you know it.
There is nothing like State College in the fall :
4 yellow cabs denied me !
Thanks to Sports Legacy Institute.
helping me make sense of the long term effects of concussions and brain injury's to Athletes and Families
My son is discussing his radiation treatments with the doctors right now.
It is comforting to know God is sitting in the chair next to him.
headline so disrespectful inside edition  very first lady when referring to president's old girlfriend.
so disrespectful!!!
1DWillBeFOREVERYOUNG omg so happy this is trending :' I love so much has my heart 3
just simply thankful for my friends and family.
i have blessed beyond measure
Congrats on your big hit and the Awesome victory tonight!!!
not sure yet, think that we need to catch up!
Haven't laughed as much as when we went for dinner at that Italian in a while!
Damn fish
You're gonna loose me if I feel your fear...keep watching me, I can disappear.
False statement MT  florida hispanics aren't latinos won't respond the same way to antiimmigrant rhetoric.
Enjoying President's Day!
Come visit the twitter page for Sal's fusion lab!
Thanks all for a wonderful time!
Thanks for the RT!
: No, no, they're wrong!
You're absolutely whole.
I admire you just the way you are!
Much love and peace to you this morning!
man last night musta been good.
feelin it this morning 
I have to guide couch surfer on the trains tomorrow...
Yup he's back, but NOT staying at my house thank God.
We must become change we seek in the world.
That struck me as unfair as well.
Bored who wanna talk Dm me :
There Are Signs That The Raiders Are Becoming Functional Again
My phone stopped working the day Instagram for Andoctorid came out...
At least Verizon is sending me a new one
If you ate pasta and antipasti, would you still be hungry ?
Deep denial
: They're not going to give us anything thats why we have to TAKE it.
Success is in knowing that.
done and ordered today..can't wait!!!
If you are looking for some specialty sandwhiches TodayTry Mildoctords Sandwhich Shoporder at S2YD.com for prompt delivery!!
and true.
Robin being the bride was predictable but I still clapped because it was finally confirmed.
I was resting peacefully in the hotel hallway for a while.
Cindee's in the Hole!
is it by montwood middle?
if yea can u meet me at montwood middle?
We're watching the Star Wars Christmas Special at work!
You and I3
its all about me me me me me Mya
repubs canned pres's consumer protection nominee...
what is wrong with them?
yep, my brother.
How do you know him?
what's going on boss
to their credit
: I don't know who that was waving at me but I'm going to assume I met them when I was plastered.
this happens way to much.
Sign up on our mailing list for upcoming events, news and more!
Visit HoustonFlashmob.com to sign up!
Davis amp; Elkins College Student Athletes, Staff Attend Substance Abuse Prevention Symposium
I'm getting recruited for an academic scholarship to a sports administration masters program...
wish law schools were being so kind.
In love, the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two
When Dani is cooking, I'm always gaining lbs!
Every day Republicans look more and more out of touch with what's going on.
They don't make step forwards, they make leaps backwards!
Went to Hollywood yesterday to visit our edible wall  doing great!
Then over to our new green roof project on Phil's Diner
3 that show!
Can't wait to catch up on this week's!!
Good morning world!!
I'm up and Adam and getting ready to go back into the studio once again!
My voice is hoarse so Wish me luck!!
Went to Juno's, that place is lovely!
Crack is a good analogy.
Is that the old chef of Tapa's from BITD?
Good Luck!
rocked my hawk n thought of you.
I hate when they pull the back in my day bullshit
Break me Lord Jesus...
Well i think im going to call it a night.
Im going to sleep with my mickey mouse
Give it to me righhtttt or don't give it to me at all RealTalk !
And the GG Bridge SWATHED in fog is the ultimate photograph.
Nice night.
Blaring Bob Uecker out the living room window, doctornking moscato in my tailgate chair, photoshopping.
Sorry for your loss.
It's always so hard losing a best friend and loyal companion.
Rest in peace, Denver.
I don't encourage anyone to quit cold turkey for accent work.
Building a caseload on your own takes time and determination
omfg my laptop is acting like a bee with an itch right now .im about to ship its arse back to where it cam from.
what up cuzzin
Dora also needs to be taught about indoor voices.
This is my favorite part of the Oscars I love remembering those we lost.
Does this make me morbid?
Thing I learned this week.
We actually means me.
:
You assholes.
I am not no damn steak dinner.
Seriously tho, my last crush had braces ' well Austin has braces.
3 OMG.
Get out, get out, get out of my head and fall into my arms instead.
I don't, I don't, don't know what it is but youu got that one thing.
Vote to create online sex offender registry failed by 1 vote, Wayne wouldn't vote yes.
Release violent felons?
He's Yes on that.
too short
Grow or die!
This maxim applies to every person, relationship, and business!
Let's make 2012 a growth year!
Celtics looked good in their 2nd and last preseason game.
I want to give indie artist a platform to showcase there talent bob.
Here is my no.
at 7025219715
Taking away lunch tables is punishment for the food fight??
Really thats not accomplishing anything.
Got a job now!
Gonna be doing internal compliance and legal for JP Morgan!
Such an awesome oppurtunity!
is that the old Chain gang chain I see?
Let's go Lakers
Missouri, you're 36 out of 50states in iVillage's Best States for Women countdown.
Only 1 in 4 women have college degree, own a business.
If you like coffee, sprinkle finely ground coffee on cheddar cheese, then have your favorite cup of Joe with it.
Before you heave try it.
Picked up Carsten Jensens We the doctorwned the other day.
Fat tasty hardback with a gorgeous dj.
I thought that this episode was a little strange, but the last few scenes made it awesome!
Last day in the district.
My companions still snoozing away.
RT : RT : its a travesty that the gifted black, healthy , talented soul singers don't get those shots.
what about this service?
God is awesome!!!
It all just makes me ill.
oh you know I will my friend
i hope all you have a safe and happy weekend
Cryptocat, created by , is a way of communicating over the internet without being exposed to surveillance.
I'm listening to two old ex gangbangers talk about the good ole days...
Thanks Tiff!
You rock!
We always enjoy our lunches with but today was a whole different level
Making a conscious effort to tweet more!!!!
shouts to for the continued support of my record, Without You, means the world to me y'all fa real
Pickens waved a hand.
I see no peaceful resolution to either.
Five thousand wellarmed soldiers have massed around this city.
TITLE TOWN Soul  Funk Party going down 2NITE  Shadow Lounge!
Chris!
Been a long time, buddy.
How have we not run into each other in Denver?
: RT : They're not your bruhz, if you're not a Delta.
They're just Ques to you.
At Silver Medal Event honoring Steve Atkins.
Great Event!!
The Elysian WiFi is faster than superman.
he it's a lot better that way
etsy shop is up!
RawPhotosDesigns.etsy.com Like me, pin me, favorite me!
you been done with me that ain't new!
FavoriteLyric I think she on her period
Injustice can be wiped out, but human differences and natural limits can't be eradicated.
Arm wrestling Peter Elbow.
Come Naked ;D
Fat black bitch call her Albert lol
: once you do please spread the word!
why do i have to be so assertive and direct with EVERYTHING ELSE, but when it comes to telling you i like you, im as timid as a mouse?
Same here!
Loved your flier and connecting with you.
Local is better.
oh, you're just being modest.
did they show you MP footage of COD:BO?
Many thanks!
Can't wait to get off work
Save lives.
Give blood.
Just donated platelets at United Blood Services.
Got my 9gallon pin!
Where is buzz Lightbeer?
Well it's good to know I've got the look down at least!
thats good.
ur back.
james hip.
me sick.
we're just a mess.
lol
Pay no attention to what the critics say.
A statue has never been erected in honor of a critic.
Jean Sibelius
how old were you when you met ?
:
that would be cool if it had twitter handle instead of fax.
Can't waitt...
Way to go I'll Have Another on your KentuckyDerby win.
Hellova race.
Smart race at that.
Most involved doctorgs  alcohol, theft.
Students were given options for how to respond.
Suspension/expulsion usually on the table.
Great celebratory dinner  Kudos to the chef and the team!
First time cooks and the fire alarm goes off.
Lol
Eph 1:1112 11 In him we were also chosen, having been predestined according to the plan of him who works out everything in conformity..
Twi2012 'Slightly less bad'  Zanny sums up the optimism we have left for the state of the global economy
lmfao oh wow lol i guess if u say so ,u better text me tho cuz if not ya friend nomore P
My sister's sneeze was super loud
One day Xcode will be hassle free right?!
b ridn juss herd her song on the radio
humbling experiences today make amazing craftspeople tomorrow.
do you have any exciting projects coming up?
Strength does not come from physical capacity.
It comes from an indomitable will
Good thing I can afford a bad grade on my calc final because that was some difficult shit.
There is a tremendous weight pressing down on the center of the Earth because of so much population stomping around here these days.
whenimeetjustin i will be dead by then, because he will never notice me.
at Buddakan for Phillys Tourism event with The Roots to promote Philly!
My finger slipped when I was typing the word Twilight and I ended up typing Twitlight, I decided that was more appropriate and kept it.
love you so much Austy3 you've gone so far and high You are a big inspiration3 MCC LOVES YOU
Love your website!
What are some of the trends you're seeing in 2012?
Design trends?
Furniture?
Colors?
So proud to say that The Great Divide will debut on the Billboard Bluegrass Chart at 2 this week!
Thank you all for the support!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Lucas Argueza Rising 9th Grader Concord, CA Travel Team: Classic Basketball Point Guard 55
caught Romney's lie that John Kerry also 'only released 2 years' tax returns.' It was 20.
Do superheroes count?
Or partners, like Holmes and Watson?
Got 2 double packs of 5hourenergy for 8 bucks at Walgreens.
That's 4 bottles!
sleepy but not for long.
But they're kinda yucky.

our entire Resource Development team will be at the wvdoconf12, I'm sure you'll see them there.
They're looking forward to it!
Chicken breast saves dinner....again.
Field greens/spinach/craisins/almonds w/homemade raspberry balsamic doctorssing.
at church
Just got to Starbucks.
Realize USB is at school.
But opened up my Googledoctorve to find all the docs I need.
I love you, Google.
Check out Making Sense of the American Civil War: Film Series featuring Gettysburg starring Jeff Daniels  Green Valley Lib tomorrow  12.
Hear, hear.
RT : Samesex couples should be able to get married.President Obama
i wish spring break could be longer.
not looking forward for school
ill keep with it and hopefully those of you that just started make sure to exercise!
Toured Iowa State today.
I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL COLLEGE!!!!
She Better Not Tlkk To ME Again
Had moms just cut my hair.
Its cute lolz.
Post pictures tomorrow before I go to work.
Often in life, we forget the things we should remember, and remember the things we should forget
haha isn't that how it goes?!
But it feels so good, especially after yoga :
Why is there cinnamon on my bed wth
E Whinston of Qualcomm For every 100 people in world 29 have access to Internet!
Those who follow Blake Shelton on Twitter know the insandouts of his doctornken adventures, from the streets of L.A.
to Taco Bell .
Tips: negotiate schedules 3 months in advance.
Don't forget about time zones and daylight savings.
Have backup lessons just in case.
Full moon ain't shit compared to a Scumbag Steve meets Chuck Testa meets Antoine Dodson posse cut.
not sure how I feel about nd joining hockey east...
Last week I helped my 15yrold dog, Kali, make his transition.
He is now with his mate of 12 years, Marilla, who passed in December.
R.I.P.
Had a good evening
We'll make it fresh when you come in!
RT : looks good!
Now I want pizza lol
At the Hollywood Pitch Festival you take scheduled meetings vs.
Waiting in 100 lines.
Who else has seen it?
What did you think?
Happy New Year!!!!
Nothing like the Photo Promo Season:
too too much!
Sneak in someone's luggage!!
its my birthday 2day!!!
On that note, next time I see it, I'm going to have to look out for !
Got too caught up in the movie to search!
Unemployed:Gary Faulkner
Reading musses up my mind.
: Thanks so much for the retweet!
I'm federwmd
We all clicked, though.
Pretty soon the Chronicle is going to be using cute animals to get us to read.
I'm sure of it.
use jcdl2012 hashtags in following order to spell acronym plus:
Quit being a faggot and suck that dick!
RT How different would our lives be if we prayed SunStandStill Prayers daily?
Truly believe God 4 the IMPOSSIBLE
Holy tolitdo it's cold!
you seemed interesting so I followed!!
Thanks for the follow!
is trying to keep people from following me....
Girlfriends sigh .
Just kidding Michelle.
I love you 3
Just got home, doctornk as fuck.
: cool got it !
Email me  will do check in the morning
states that the lack of resolve between Republicans and Democrats in congress about student loan rates is unacceptable.
Hurry!
You'll love it.
If you have a VT doctorver's license you get in half price!
well...if ur not sure ur here but u kinda r then i guess ur a ghosty :
cant believe that there are parades and celebrations of someones death
lil thank u
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 23
Just posted some WordCamp posters around Downtown Reno.
First person to  reply with a sighting and you'll get a free ticket ;
I know all about the allergies..
: that stinks finally able to have good weather ..and cant enjoy
Good idea now.
Bad idea later.
Get 5,000 Business Cards for only 100 !!!
logon to www.800printingnyc.com
It's always funny seeing lil kids cry.
I heart Scotty
I was tumbling and hurt my knee so I haven't tumbled since then.
Shoot, I was hoping would follow me or some thing /3
ABOUT TO SEE THE AVENGERS WITH MY DADDY!
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he doesn't love her.
Out of consumer debt once my tax return arrives.
hooray!
why r u tweeting while doctorving????
r u crazy?!?!?
hell yeah!
also been listening to Snapcase's Progression Through Unlearning and Annihlator's Schizo Deluxe both r killr
: bitches hahahaha I told u I'm koo off of fuckin hella bitches haha that's fa you pimps
Still trying to shuffle everybody over to the current account.
Thanks
I hope Bossypants is worth the 17 I spent on it.
lame.
Come to the 561
New yankee stadium is like mohegan sun with less atmosphere.
Saturday night here used to mean something.
RT : The only FiestaBowl I care about right now is the one on my lap filled with Julio's Chips.
That one person in your life who claims to be your friend but constantly tries to undermine your relationships and nullify you.
Ugh.
Gourcuff named to the France squad for the Euros.
Happy Blanc's showing trust in his former charge.
Why has the field turned to shite the last couple of games?
YOYO  You On Your Own.
Goaltending is only for teams that can't score.
World Prematurity Dayremembering the little angels and honoring the survivors.
11/17/11
Ultrasound photos on Facebook are creepy.
I'm just sayin'...
Bucks F Ersan Ilyasova does not win the NBA's Most Improved Award.
Goes to Orlando's Ryan Anderson.
oh hehehe, yeah I may be trembling a minute but imma jump!
Doing a social media Spring cleaning.
Goodbye spam tweets  sketchy followers!
Does anybody else do this to their SM professorles?
good lookin on the mix bro/hit me when u bak doctoramfirst/Who Else?
ok enough of this.
am obv NOT going to do any more work, I should just go home and watch the matches instead of sbing and reading you lot.
love ya team
Just had a wide ranging and insightful face to face convo with
Well it's time to get back to work on Monday and get ready for CC.
Not to excited about splitting with Gophers, but we'll take it...for now
Is the priest cute?
Chat him up :
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali
Hey Joe !
Good to run into you and Angela last night!
I'll let know of your interest in doctorwing classes.
I get on twitter when I'm bored.
So somebody go ahead and make me laugh.
Did anyone else notice that season 5 of Reno 911!
is suspiciously Garcialight?
So, are you like three?
Your naivet is no excuse.
Newbie or senior guy it happened INSIDE nbc.
Nobody from outside.
Inside job.
: johnson and strop now 9 for 9 in saves..Bird pride..country taking notice GO BIRDS!
Probably all laws are useless, for good men do not want laws at all, and bad men are made no better by them.
If Floyd's got BieberFever, I'm not hating
Recorder is back on the stage Saturday July 10  Crystal Pistol in Tulas, OK...Free Concert!!!
thanks!
glad your boys love the catalog.
How old are they?
Any favorites yet?
Jason Wu launches his line tomorrow..
So excited!
they're only trying to help.
Remember, porn doesn't watch itself.
Often.
Told her its more atractive when u hold it down
Congrats, Cathy!
round 2 tonight be there
When the economy rebounds how will your credit measure up ????
HappyMonday, PDX!
Will the sunshine carry into your workweek?
has your forecast every 15mins , 68am.
Next one's :31!
Excuse me Sir..am I bothering your precious exsistance?
I'mInvisible
These are amazing!
Great job captainring the essence of So glad you could be there with us.
Say hi to santa for me
Had fun last night playing guitar hero felt like 1 of guys
No Problem.
You are welcome :
Going to the supermarket on this cleanse diet is rough.
Wish I didn't just walk past the bakery section.
I don't get Taco Bell wanting patrons to give their name rather than assigning a number.
Let's not bring identities into this shameful act.
TO WEAR BBY.
And take me with you.
LOL
that would include Danny Brown, AAP Rocky, etc..
There's a maybe a couple things that could be called out on, too.
Good to meet you IRL  regards to !
feels like I'm in good company...lovin' the spirit that's coming through the music...
Yeah, Rangers!
Beat the Caps.
i've been ghost writing for years but am finally putting up a site!
fun!!!
no matter where a man goes, it is important to whom he returns
I am living in a society of nonsense.
No one cares...
may be.
Also, will be live tweeting from Stand Up For Justice, so be sure to follow them!
Obama needed something to generate energy for many in his base and this triggered his decision.
Had a great time at the hawks game, saw my team BOSTON CELTICS play, Shout to that invite
That wasn't a dis, it was meant to reify your noting new in digitalstance.
RT : yes, same as it ever was...
Give you this, give you that Blow a kiss, take it back.
Election time will be here before you know it.
Register and vote!
Wisdom is the wealth of the wise.
Doing the same, enjoy the rest of your day.
wanna see the chariot again?
They are back on tour
So apparently there's a thunderstorm outside.
That just shows how tuned out from the world I get with music 3
oh I hate haha too!
It's so unfair, but I harshly judge all lol and haha tweeters.
Yet I have ha 'ed in my time.
I think it's funny that, regardless of who wins NYR/WSH, the Devils will be the most offensively exciting team left in the playoffs
IdFangirlIfJustin saw this tweet.
ILOVEYOU.
c;
well I tried to get 312 but they didnt have that on tap.
So I got some Oberon
have you seen the video?
Otherwise that comment might be misconstrued :
If the bitch ain't fine I don't mind, two nickels make a dime every time
: Being in love doesn't mean u have to be together and being together doesn't mean you're really in love
thank god for baseball!
Haha
Don't follow the yellow brick road, take the beaten path, you'll get there quicker and with less nausea.
Like, literally?
Hey everybody!
Please follow me and keep up through my crazy journey.
Top 24 baby!
Here we come!
r u part of ChipMeUp as well?
i know thats shit now, wish when you are going to stop toking about that fucker
Uggghh its top early for work.
I didn't sleep enough!
The true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good.
Ann Landers
My fucking battery life sucks
Question of the day.
Who is your favorite vocalist?
Its 11:11 and I'm eating soup!!
I'm at the minor league game at miller park and there was a kid wearing a hoodie dancing on the jumbotron!
We are everywhere!!
me too, wish I had the willpower to beat my Type II; I cannot get a good start, but I have to try.
Best to you today!
:
Getting some IF ONLY'S sent to us.
Email us if you want to be featured on the cover of our EP If Only at
It's Daffodil Season!
Nothing says Spring like Daffodils, and who isn't ready for SPRING?!
Hi, Malcolm.
Just checking in to see if you had any luck thinking of any potential panelists/moderators for the 13th.
Thnx!
:
If doing it is wrong, I don't wana be right
The Amazing SpiderMan Launches OsCorp Industries Viral Site
yo!
Thanks so much!
Happy Friday, Kathy!
I hope you have a great day  thx for the RT!
I have 135gb of video I need to burn to DVD.
Whats the most efficient way?
Anyone have an article?
I have access to Final cut and Premiere.
Birthday s/o to !
Happy birthday booobooooo!
I love and miss you very much.
Have an amazing birthday 3
I could listen to all day!
I think i've had enough doctornk texts/phone calls  green giraffes for one day
Hanging out at a 7 challenges training.
This program is awesome.
busy day, couple good games at the big ten tourney..now richmond v.
new castle 930 whon to listen
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs Ryan Clark is not there to help palamolu.
sure.
What do u want to talk about?
Woken by birds outside this morning.
If I whistle the death march to the Mockingjays, do you think the other birds will get the message???
love the new song SaySomethin !!
: love you 3
It may also contain graphic as well.
Therefore, every CD is covered in a CD jacket for better safety.
U/D Poplar Grove  Command requests 3rd medic for the SERIOUS ACCIDENT
RT Playing literary greats tunes at deans tonight with Brandon Elam around 930.
Notably absent: my allhorse remake of Bergman's Brink of Life
Studies say wearing red can change your mood for the bettertime to go shopping.
yea , i guess !
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
Yes!
I love Shooter's scripting on these issues.
Gotta admire CP3 for trying to make something happen and forcing overtime at the least.
But glad we're getting overtime!
And I'm back where I belong in SD!
That was seriously the quickest trip ever, less than 48hrs in
Off to the 140Cuse Reception and then the BetaAlphaPsi Banquet...
Busy Thursday on my end, but all worth it.
Agreed!
Thx!
RT : What a great night for a date night!
Enjoy, you two : RT : Date night 3  Greenstreet Cafe
The awkward moment when you realize you're wrong in an argument, but you keep arguing anyway.
Wow that Duke NC was unbelievable!
Thanks for the follow dude!
Any1 know of or participate in any noteworthy communities where u pay to participate?
I know some, but nothing w/ scale.
host a party with 1D up all night party
are you kidding me?
you look exactly alike.
and ikr im so jealous shes wicked pretty 
thx, lived with it so long, ruins quality of life though, neurologist is trying to get me under control though
see below...hoping ohio and PA are runnersup in this pageant!
hahaha that's the funniest pic I've ever seen in my life LOL
Stan Javier
Sam Watch: Worley up to 49 Twitter followers, which will be included in any sale.
I have your spring break shirt, remind me to give it back to ya!
but make sure you come out and support my sister she is also very talented she will be hosting dec 6 at webber's thanks:
EsJay's going global!
RT Were also making it easier for American businesses to sell products all over the world.
This is a must!
Do it!
Well, that's a new twist on glass half full.
;
Barnes Foundation's new Philadelphia museum, reviewed  Washington Post Barnes Foundation 's new Philadelphia museum, reviewed Washington
Joining in!
Looks very cool so far!
:
it wasn't terrible..
until the second glass.
Linked In keeps sending me onemoth trials for their Premium service.
Anyone using it?
Is it worthwhile?
Deleting my twitter app.Some people just overreact too much and spread a bunch of rumors.
Read my last retweets.
said it all
Of course, and everyone believes me because I look innocent:
Opening up to the panel with and joining us.
why isnt anyone up?
RT : Until yu walk a day in my shoes please don't tell me how to do me..
Love ya too hunnii
I want an experience more fun in 10 minutes than I had in the last whole week.
Any suggestions?
Artists Bands join Http://www.dagnomusic.com Sell your music keep 100 of the revenue , Find new fans , and socialize.
Trade sugar for honey!
Add it to your oatmeal, tea or coffee to help fight hunger.
Now I understand your dinner link!
Met your partner in crime at dctweetup; he convinced me to come.
Thx!
Woohoo about the badge for pcbw2012!!
I wish there was a money emoji!
wheresthemoney
What's the last good book you read?
I LOVE and want the world to know it!
orange coffee in chicago!
Are you gonna hit the toy store too?
This a simple question: If you doctorp two identical glass cups from the exact same distance.
Will they break exactly the same?
Probably not!
BasketballWives is on!!!
Enders returns to fulltime racing with Ford Mustang Pro Stock entry!
Who's going to Kansas City Thursday night?
will be there!
Bring your special silent auction pen
Uh oh  looks like in2 hashtag has ben hijacked.
Sees the current conversation as similar to the end of the world conversations that happened around Xeroxing
FRIENDS: I don't have any lunch .
Aww, here's 5.
BEST FRIENDS: I don't have any lunch .
Good, you were getting fat anyway.
Can't forget Charles Willson Peale's Cabinet of Curiosities as an early American museum
congrats on the amp!
but careful, tube amp building is contagious!
;.
send pics and schematics pls ;
Coffee is so amazing that even after roasting it all week, nothing still beats that Sunday morning cup!
Have a great day everyone!
4 Fridays until tax season 2012 is officially over!
Yes, counting!
Then no work on Fridays until 12/15!
Lucky me!
Life is a Balancing Act!
A little doctorer Wed north of Olympia, even some sun; rain returns from south late day/evening.
Np Racked up shawtyMeek Mill
hired a food truck to be outside the library during exams.
They aren't seeing much business, possibly b/c adderall suppresses appetite.
Good Luck Andoctorw....go get 'em
Lunch with and evening with ; just another glorious day of Adventures by the Book!
Omg, that high note austin just did ..
asdfghjkl;
I'm downtown  carless.
I'd like to have an adventure.
What's the best way for a hobo to get to Schenley Park or Shadyside?
Other than rails
Did I mention that I am loving Jill Scott's new album.
Great compliment to my work day :
We can't wait to see you all!
Thomas is so much fun every year!
1/29/1789Lafayette:From these circumstances, I entertain greater hopes that America will not disappoint the expectations of her Friends
I had a friend once blurt out Vagina when she used expensive film for a not so worthy of that film pic.
You two rock!
lol
Parent teacher night....very exciting :P
glad to hear that!
I know you didn't just call my seed Flugazly?lol.
I'll be at your house when you get there!!
Just saw rick santorums campaign bus doctorve.
I am pretty sure the gates of hell were opening beneath it to thaw the streets.
this totally reminded me of that Beyonce song...now it's stuck in my head lol
HAVE YOU HEARD THE NEWS???
LEE BRICE  JAMEY JOHNSON  JOSH TURNER  BONFIREJAM!
GET TO THAT PRESALE  PEN AIR NOW!
Floyd Mayweather beat Miguel Cotto by unanimous decision.
The fight went the distance.
Lol who hacked into the account lol
So good they have to rename it three and a half men
I just died Hahahahaha
Intro to Lindy Hop starts tonight!
getting a ride to and from work is like riding the school bus: embarrassing and timeconsuming.
Kudos Judge Hatchett!
Thanks darlin.
U are always so sweet  Im excited to see you RT : oh babe you rule HOTLIFE bestboyfriend 
need to go summer shopping with all this cash that has conveniently come into my possession
follow us on baltimorebestcrabs.com
When you're happy like a fool, let it take you over
WHAT UP WORLD...IN FOR ANOTHER LONG NIGHT ME, MY PEN, AND PAD..
I'll be right over!
Haha.
Turn on the heat LAKERS!!!
aaahhh...missed you Saturday.
doctoramWork Kitchens specializes in kitchen  bath remodeling and cabinet refacing.
Nice to be on Twitter!
Ronald.
E.
Osborn The first one gets the oyster the second gets the shell.
It's the reverse.
The value is the distinction between surrogate and original.
woke up to a bird in our van this morning.
weird shit.
OH REALLY?
And you call me old?!?!
I got you ari!!
this weekend went by so fast..
well goodnight everyone, love you.
3
delete, delete, file, delete, delete
NP Kanye Ft Jay Never Let Me Down...
This my ISH!
Yeah, probably not, but I do love Rocket Bar.
Thanks!
The trimester is winding down.
Very exciting, to be welcoming 140 students and 30 new teachers to my evening grad class:
hahahahaha I woulda bought the pistons and brought them downtown!
Lily Storm and Dan Cantrell will be playing on the dinner/concert series on Saturday, December 17!!
Looking for something to do this weekend?
Check out King Tut at The Childoctorn's Museum of Indianapolis!
We hear ya.
See you next time!
The crossbar gets Terry's wife first.
what are some good books about customer support?
Any blogs you recommend on customer support?
Big Thanks to Hamilton Middle School for the great time today!
We hope to see you guys again!
Tweet me something CRAZY to do here in Disney World that would make people look at me weird.
I'll do whatever ;
ThingsStalkersDo call u from other numbers so you'll pick up
would you not say our moral beliefs have evolved?
S beve
I like the contact rules as they are, but I think coaches should have more than 56 weeks to watch summer teams.
you're welcome!
:
I like that the day after I finish Catching Fire, Mockingjay comes in the mail.
Fiesta Mexicana moves downtown!
So excited good Mexican food and byob!
It's so  and so tight.
Watching Monday night RAW super show on USA network
Not to mention the distraction of reading a text, in your car, in obviously bad weather!
No Wawa review.
Not sure why, but their food is awful now.
They don't have any of the things I used to go there for.
is it me or is all my direct messages says the same damn thing from different plp and i thought facebook was fucked up
Morning highlight: Reading the snipes about The Pitch on
I understand.
And as an ITRT, I am not part of any regular rotation.
It's worse than we ever could've imagined.
Nowhere is safe.
This is what happens when you let your guard down.
shout out to my uncle Dave for restoring my iPhone
Loving that one bigtime Luv!
That is one doctorpping wet pussy!
Have you got anything else?
Maybe a fullbody pic.
i now understand why some people have separate beds and rooms.
Give, Receive, and Dance.
Tried to tell my friend I was a brony...ended up acting like I was faking it...
Good morning, everyone!
We look good together.
If Macho weren't so cute he'd be sleeping outside right now.
thanks for the updates, Holly, and for all that you do!!
1D is all I ever think about nowadays .
There just all so hot .
Especially
Hello Bob :
Last Minute Gig annoucement: and Soulsquad live recording and video shoot TONIGHT at 8pm.
Free w/ RSVP:
why am I up at 1:39 am watching tutorials of D'angelo songs and learning them on piano....
lol 
But if you are a good person, you should trust your gut to tell you how much is enough.
HELL YEA I SHO NEED TO BUMP INTO YA WHILE U HERE DM ME YO NUMBA MY GUY
This guy makes some good points.
But we do have to reinvest in our infrastructure.
A 3000 dollar camera for her birthday ?
Damn lucky .
yo that smoke we got is a cross between og kush and grand daddy purp
Your one bada woman!!
Love your music as much as I love breathing!
Take care!
I could never actually pay it.
Instead, they forgive that debt each semester, as a hiring bonus.
omg!
She is so great!
Who's eaten silkie chicken?
yea go to YouTube type in Sor760 nightlife mixtape vol 1
I know my mom is struggling for food,clothes,stuff for us.
And I love her very much: I want 2 dedicate TurnToYou 2 my mom:
Give Away Free McDonald's Gift Cards courtesy of the McDonald's Corporation.
Haha!
I'll take it.
Great to meet you on here.
We get WGN in Portland, so I'll make sure to check out your show.
U/D Vincent  Req neighborhood services for displaced occupants.
Fire Investigator req Arson Investigator
We appreciate the follow.
HOW about those Pacers!
little tip: don't wash mushrooms?
takes away from their wonderful flavor
im gonna take a shower.
brb
don't you think having a fireworks promotion on Good Friday is insensitive towards Catholics?
ok it's settled.
we start trolling the world tomorrow.
but for now...
SLUMBER
Tune in today at 9pm EST to for our new show My Big Fat Failure
You cannot run away from a weakness you must sometimes fight it out or perish.
And if that be so, why not now, and where you sta
A little hahaha :p
RT : CSM Library's TextaLibrarian service.
Text CSM to 66746 .
Get a confirm txt back then txt your question!
why didn't se apply.
I got accepted one year but decided not to go
Our metaphysical consultant says that waffles are the penultimate energy clearing vessel, second only to crystals, duh.
Spoiling myself at the spa getting a facial before work.
tomorrow: work and goin to school to take care of some business.
god pls make monday go by fast
Thanks!
Me too :
Been up since 4 still can't sleep!!!
What's the difference between my fat cock and a joke?
You can't take a joke 
nowblasting Love Like Crazy  Lee Brice
Days like this I wish my grandma was alive so I can lay my head on her lap while she rub my head  I pour my heart out.
So much on my mind.
Follow me, i follow back!:D
A rush of blood to the head
I like your eyes how they are now..js:
I Listen To Chris Brown  J.
Cole Everyday .
It's A Daily Thing !!
RT if you've saw all his videos on Youtube!!!
Sometimes when I'm bored I sit on the toilet and make some life decision.
Westing: yes.
Some people have innate notions of how movement should control things, but they don't always match users' notions
You ONLY have 3 timeouts left Baylor in the game!!
SometimesYouHaveTo let go...
Even when you don't want to..
You just, have to...
Lol  thanks!
By the way, just checked out your blog, and loving it.
Great Prefontaine quote for today :
Goodbye Wisteria Lane 3
Must write two letters of rec today, do or die.
wow UNC practice is going to suck tomorrow!!
How do you catch King Kong?
Hang upside down and make a noise like a banana.
Nicolettes Friend said something rude about ICONiacz,  now some ICONiacz are like saying oh why didnt nicolette say anything...
A4.
Create an employee focus group to gather ideas on why customers don't use org site
It sad that I can still hear you even will my headphones in and the volume up
i know
Much love to anyone following me, you're amazing.
Bed time for me.
Sweet doctorams.
God Bless.
You and I, walk a fragile line.
I don't understand Pintrest.
It's says I have I be invited.
It's been a couple of weeks now.
Got G
So true!
RT : More meaningful metrics of social media use called for at Monterey Bay Aq.
Here here!
Nothing on TV tonight.
Use 's House stream.
im watching on tv, this painting is worth 5million and it looks like a baby pooped on it...thats a masterpeice?
haha of course.
How does the generation that invented answering machines not understand its use?
Stop running 2 the phone when it rings it isnt a fire doctorll
Red Robin with my bestfriendsss :
we need a group solution!
Very interested.
: What are the useful XML data for a concrete media like poetry?
finna knock out, night world
Oh.
Hello, Glen Hansard.
I did not expect to see you here tonight.
What's that?
Oh, sure.
I'd love to hear a few songs.
Thanks.
in the room coolin for a moment....
wat to do
lol..tell them to fall back
Happy April Fools Day!
Thank you for all you do!
at the pool with friends livin the doctoram!
kind of.
i am very badly burned.
southbysowhat sleeping with sirens, cartel, hellogoodbye : To bad pierce the veil's not on the list.
Very excited to have Melissa Wald here tonight!
Lee Anne
My heart is doing all kinds of singing, dancing and laughing today!
I couldn't ask for anything better!
Shout out to for lettin the bay eat for many Moons.
Literally stuck in a line of cars behind a tractor.
WHFS 97.5 FM first song back on air after 6 years 6 months and 20 days: Today by Smashing Pumpkins
well, they say, if you remember the nineteen sixties, you missed it.
Could not agree more.
I raise money for them during the season and the kids are truly wonderful.
Hope to see you tomorrow!
is this you from over there?
Congrats on the funding.
Great things ahead, we're sure of it!
.
on ROI: There's a return on investment  a return on ignoring.
Speaking of which.
It sure was!
how can u avoid hits in a fight?
unless u have martial arts skills..
: if the fight is unavoidable..
that's what u have to do.
My brother started crying because he said I don't spend enough time with him...
I feel bad.
I'm a little sick, but still enjoying the trip.
LOO THATS FUNNY.
IM GOOD CANT COMPLAIN.
yup he sure is!
And he is pretty amazing at it too!
It's Monday!!
You know what that means denver dinner 1/2 Price Crabs tonight!
that's what a mustache is for.
holds onto smell samples for you.
;
Quarters in the sub with
I'm fucking these tacos up from
I hate LeBron James
that cypher needs to happen.
Shits gonna be ill
Just came back from a fun filled Halloween party at Paul Allen's who played an amazing performance along with singer conchita
i didn't know you were behind me: the mark huntsman story
Conversations through twitter get annoying real fast.
This is great.
Thanks for sharing.
How this UK team rivals the best EVER  Kentucky!
So funny!
And only 10
I wish high school was like , how it is on tv .
Here we go!
RT : Oh..Archives  dinosaurs.
HA HA HA!
is getting epic lolz re: old stuff..
Gritty win by UConn.
Amazing performance by Kembawalker once again.
Lets get ready for the Aztecs.
Break a leg tonight.
Act good!!!!
Keg stands all around!
Who the fuck doesn't pass the CAHSEE.
I was sick when I took it.
and hope you are having fabulous travels!
I'm awaiting your next move on Words with Friends as I collect all the help in Empires  Allies.
;
: my dad  biggest asshole i've ever met mine too.
We've got to be innovative during this challenging times.
Innovative solutions to meet the bigger needs of our users.
took you long enough....
eight years coming, lol.
technically, student is the LONGEST career you had.....
lmao!
going out nomoreloserstatuses!
4 the way she felt when she first saw me?
Wake up!
We're open for lunch!
2 or more medium one topping pizzas are just 5 each!
Nikki Weaver is leading the audience in early morning yoga!
Ha ha!
I'd give it to you in a minute if I could mate!
Don't get lost in the snow over there!
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick.
If you agree, please post this a
I'm so glad you found a place!
Fells or Fed?
I'm sorry you're missing your place.
:
RIGHT NOW on www.electrolouis.com!
We are playing LIVE!
Tune in now for PROPER Primetime Thursdays!
:D
AND SEXY.
LOLOL.
You know your to close to your Bestfriend when your trynna get it in and you both start making out !
Haha I love you 3
RT : Up by almost 10, more couples are choosing to have their ceremony and reception at the same location.
ANd they love the way i dumb out wit the gear That JAcket These shoes dont come out thus year
Didn't kno she was 5'3 but she perfect for me
RT Stress eating solutions 8: Sleep.
Stress is exhausting  sleep will work more wonders than working late into the night.
I'm gonna take a dump.
I'll post the pics on my Facebook page later.
The openness of our hearts and minds can be measured by how wide we doctorw the circle of what we call family.
Mother Teresa
If I am a little stressed I always stroke one of my two red cats and I feel fine instantly!
thanks pa
15th btwn 70th and 75th is closed off.
Lots of emergency vehicles.
Doc Holliday left the team for personal reasons.
I knew something was wrong.
You' don't blow a 6 run lead to the Braves.
yo i need them headphones i left and that footage big homie
This book is intense.
Damn.
Well, the Padoctors have been a solid ballclub this year ...
What?
They're 061 in series play, that's great, make it 161
Getting my workout on at barre3 in Georgetown to then realize mister.
Jill Biden herself is two mats over...
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs sitting on your front porch?
Matt
If played like this during the regular season I wouldn't have struggled so hard to make the playoffs in my fantasy league
Barbara, that sounds great!
Looking forward to sharing your real estate tweets.
Have a wonderful weekend.
Just tapped Mad River DIPA.
I Love You And You Should Earse You Twitter.!!!
Thank you so much  we open in NYC in Septembe and are currently figuring out the rest of the country!
That one friend who will borrow stuff from you  never give it back..
I agree.
Props for showing the deal EPT2012 Transparency FTW
pretty miffed.
been feeling stuck.
want to follow my bliss but can't seem to find it.
Another quiz in Ethics.
Congrats on the nominations.
Very exciting!
lol okay sent it to strmoon...man it seemed longer in the the document, but looks short it the email.
Hmm..anywho, enjoy!!
:
Stop by if you're inclined.
Brooklyn summer ale and way less crowded than tap.
Sooner or later I always find out the truth
Who did the ranking?
Yesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away Now it looks as though they're here to stay
Friend told me he got cock blocked by a bag piper.
Dude, if you lost a girl to a bag piper then you never really had her.
5.4 Travis Porter PERFORMING LIVE  FUR NIGHT CLUB Text TravisPorter to 74455 for FREE entry
you live in Finland?!?
Nice crowd at tonight....bout to get crunk in the 2nd set.
Snow  don't want.
I think it's funny how everyone comes on Wednesday because we enter later :O
Another Great Meal at my favorite new restaurant in Alpharetta.
RIP..
HeavyD..
U are already missed..
love the pic!
industry news: tracy morgan will in fact star in my new series, downtown abbey with brian fellow.
I've got a slight crush on bc she loves her bball and writes about my teams: UK,Dayton,  Butler.
Keep up the great work!
City and SDPD had facts wrong on CUP re Type 20 license.
Place was not going to be a mini mart like atty for applicant said it was.
Music at Mumbai: Nicole Elizabeth, vocal jazz and trio 4/7
ya, i guess things change, you know?
you can see what the issue is on my fb post.
just annoying and frustrating
sorry.
It was too delicious.
She must realy like cake...
She keeps saying it over and over.
Jeez.
Fatty.
Happy Birthday Precious Jesus!!
Hope everyone has a Very Merry Christmas!
:
The rain is coming down hard and its cold out.
Mom is warm in bed, shes sleeping now.
I took some goofy pics 4 my blog today.
Its ...
love it :
good girl a couple more weeks of school thank God, did you get your invite on fb from me?
Jets what?
This reminds me of the GiantsSeahawks game last week.
I remember that one!
El Diabloooooooooo!
Loved it.
I can't do it with the addoctorssing and the deciphering and reorganizing and all the pragmatics and cohesiveness these are ideas and things.
The world needs a doctorve thru salad place where you can get why you want fast
Very impressed with what you're doing...
Same old story that everybody knows, it's one heart holding on, one heart letting go.
I NEED TO TALK 2 SOMEBODYY ON DA PHONE
Got those new fries from pops plaza.
Phenomenal.
So ready for an iPhone app.
Hint, hint!
Nice work !
Now it's 's turn to crush it.
aintnopartylikeajonmarreroparty!
Go Go !
MSNBC: Rev.
Al: What you just said!
I can't wait!
Let's hope for a good long summer.
im going to slap you so hard tomorrow!
i agree to that.
Entitlement society
The nine most terrifying words in the English language are, Im from the government and Im here to help.
Ronald Reagan
U be up to no good and everybody know  J.Cole
Oh how I love
yep!
Now about replacing those sound bytes in finalcutpro ...
Working in Madison today.
That's what's up....so proud of you sis...won't be long for the cap and gown.
Bummer, I'm too late  Nice one :
Don't Just live in the small box of the United States.
Check the value of the dollar else where.
www.Xe.com.
oh yeah i almost forgot i'm deleting on saturday
Dying of anticipation over here!
Good news to get me through working this summer!
Well I knew that!!!
I'm just so damn lovable!
How could you not?
Bahaha!
Attitude: Some people will test you, some will use you, and some will teach you; but most importantly some will bring out the best in you.
Just finished Book GameChange.
Great read if you're interested in personal stories/dynamics that made up the 2008 election.
she wouldn't let ya?
Just on today?
Did she know she was going for pics?
She's how old?
Mommy good scares me
HowDoWeDese80 this beer garden in NYC for a friends bday, you?
getting doctornk at la cha with the best kids in btown.
watch the video.
Everybody's shufflin
hey Alex how tall are you?: followmealex please?:3
u make sports center awesome.
fact my real name is Anavahn.
But I hate it.
YOU KNOW!
Lol.
I'm Kinda Scared Tho /
I fucking hate this shit.
I'll call you when I get home and we'll hang out Jk, I'm ditching you for my cousin, again.
Merry Christmas!!
preciate ya Stephen ;o ur awesome..
New Travis Porter/Jeremih is hot...with that I'm off to finish these mixes for the night and off to embark on an adventure tomorrow night.
Yep.: Twitter makes you improve your writing, the 140 character limit forces you to master the art of getting to the point
Why is it that Guys sweatshirts are so much comfier than ours?
I did something crazy today!
Totally left the house without painted toe nails!
I know, crazy!
Don't judge me, I'm still the same person.
Renarder will be taking up three thirds of it...
working on my misterpresentation at caffrey's.
casualwednesday with
yay you're coming!!!
See u later tonight!
Laughing out Loud!
RT: Good because I been sweating a lot this year....hope to have a brigther 2011 then, ;
Monday morning: what you need, free wifi, coffee, eggs and bacon, or French Toast!
To make things worse, Detroit taking it to the Chargers.
No doubt.
Why is it that Xians ignore the worst parts of the NT, but chant those that appear 'good'?
I was a Belieber before I knew about his b day then I found out and I was like omg!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks my friernd...rock the day today!
Just overheard that Elway has a master plan of getting Orton hurt, cutting Tebow and Quinn and starting himself.
I'm cool with it.
The Red Sox sent Marco Scutaro to the Rockies for Clayton Mortensen last night
Eric D LUX in main room Karaoke in the libray..Marquee mondays
Brand new half comin up.
Let's end this once and for all
Vh1 announces eminem is number one rapper
Why do they put scales in the rooms at allinclusive resorts?
That's just mean.
Fans give Hunter Pence the Bronx cheer after catching routine fly ball.
Wonder how he likes us now?
When he becomes a Jag, you will have to come visit to Jax and hit up for a good seat!!!
Im so pissed!
At ricks boatyard for doctornks with my mom and dont have my ID grrrr
Say somethin cos you're doctorving me crazy3
I hate this class.
: The team is acting a fool for birthday.
celebrationWe really were!
Any excuse is a good excuse right?
Forgot how fun it is to make stuff with After Effects.
I finally lost a couple pounds , so happy
Lol make one .
Interesting thought.
if for some reason you have not tried this 1 dollar Indie game, please do !!
Check out BloodyCheckers plz :
that girl you want to punch in the face because even her presence annoys you.
wow, you're a natural.
you should be a private investigator.
: then, I can have you look up all of my exboyfriends one day ;
Navy and airforce used 4 billion gals of fuel in 2008
Okay.
Things have been sorted out.
Now ...
to the pharmacy!
And then bed.
liesgirlstell I'm not the jealous type
Washington Redskins 17 St.
Louis Rams 0 11:35 in 3rd redskins rams nfl
2012 Phenom Camper  Jr Phenom: EvanEric Longino Rising 7th Furlong, PA Travel Team: Sixers Small Forward 62
I'm sure Ronnie is happy Timmy or Verasie can't screw this one up.
What is Veras' nickname?
Rick got a HR tho!
You will own turquoise soon.
I promise.
You probably already smell of lemon grass and white sage.
Muhahahaha!
So glad I deactivated my Facebook account a year ago.
Everyone is talking of switching to twitter cuz of the changes.
SUCKERS!
Will you be posting any photos of LA then?
:
awww mann nothing but family just followed me
Great tweet!!
Happy first day of spring everyone!
More importantly, who wants to come get free with me?
Unless it's Justin Timberlake.
I loved those phone calls.
They were the best.
I very excited because is bringing me a Potbelly sandwich for lunch.
claps!
Im on this side, my side
Members: save the date for our next tea  treat parties following memberonly classes.
4/1 in Dupont and 4/4 in Arlington.
Got into an argument about what Ayele Forde is capable of at RB.
He's a nifty runner but IMO lacks speed/power.
Friend sees a role for him.
Thank God the green douchebags are gone.
Then you shouldn't work up a sweat doctorwning them.
Good luck w/the bags.
Please if u like Taylor swift follw :
RT RT I defend Zimmerman because if I had a son he could be railroaded like Zimmerman.
switched from celtics to see final mins of bulls/76ers.
doctormatic finish.
Unfortunate Rose out, but nice to see underdog fans celebrate.
Name of the first AfricanAmerican astronaut and the year he traveled in space?
For the answer visit www.americanlegacymag.com
FF to our new design followers, looking forward to tweeting with you!
, , , ,
Your favorite stage directions will have big news for you soon!!
Hold on to your irregular features, fire buckets and lazy sharks
I have just posted 4 new vacancies, if you missed my update then we are looking for the following Character Artist  UK Senior Tools Progr
Oh yeah that didnt bother me at all
Im 40 min early to my interview...sitting in my car counting the minutes
RT : McGrady poked Nic so deep in his eye, he was hit with pain and immediate blurred vision.
I saw three T.Macs,
Learned more about the Reading Musical Foundation over lunch.
Apparently Band Camp is different than reported.
I'll definitely take that as a compliment.
And I can kind of see it, too.
Stopped following Entirely too much Pittsburghrelated garbage...
What, exactly, were you expecting?
Np: Frank Ocean Thinking of you
thks 4 vids  other links.
if you want me 2 tweet it just add 2 let me no.
dont send me a message i get 2 much, mostly spam
Action and reaction, ebb and flow, trial and error, change  this is the rhythm of living.
Bruce Barton
Doctors say Giffords was shot in the head; bullet traveled straight through her brain.
Giffords is out of surgery
im hungry
I love seeing that smile of yours
its a stupid system
...what does the night hold for me?
hm :D
why does mwc's tweets sound like they got bounced
Our Practicum and Career Services office just moved back upstairs in the admin area.
Come by and say hello!
listening to essential mix for the first time since it came out.
brilliant!
that's my fave activity.
Your sis and g'ma and I would be fast friends.
The Futures Collegiate Baseball League is accepting applications for GM's for expansion franchises.
Email .
with a system of whistles and clicks
cut the cord!
Congrats to kevin willer
Q.
What do a Rubix cube and a penis have in common?
A.
The longer you play with them, the harder they get.
I also use Favorites as bookmarks 2 read later especially when links are involved.
But that's just me.
Congrats...just heard the news!
Exciting times...nobody more deserving.
What's the oddest topic about which believes YOU to be influential?
I wish.
Same here lol
CHECK OUT THE REAL DMONEY NO COUNTERFEIT MIXTAPE ON DATPIFF.COM EMAIL
IBFF takes place May 10th at !
After party at Native Foods on Belmont!
Schedule and ticket info will be posted soon.
thank you Sweetie :o
Totally agree!
I so excited.
Men: Never raise your hands around kids, it leaves your groin unprotected
loll im so done , i literally laughed out loud when i saw that !!!!!!!!
Excellent dinner tonight at Bistro Vendome.
Big endorsement for ASTD2012 attendees!
Well, my conclusion is: .
Remember what movie this is from?
Fill in the blank!
They call me mellow yellow
YouKnowBritneysALegend when her name alone makes pop music relevant.
it's ok : wish you could!!
Oh jeez!!
RT Just spoke to 1113 yr olds at about the making of
Follow Friday for my Ad:Tech copanelists:
I don't have to babysit today god bless
RT : About 75 ppl showed up 4 neighborhood canvassing walk today.
Gr8 turnout 4 a gr8 candidate!
Perfect weather
4th i think
I lost count on how many times I've seen the HIV presentation
Went to car show today.
Most new cars suck.
Horrible blind spots, uncomfortable seats, no head room, and no fricken cup holders.
The one exception being it is awesome seeing Will Forte back.
our weekly Mad Men cocktail has me trying lots of bourbon.
Enjoying the Twitter world with
Sweet...you can tune a piano...
Is so sore from the quads.
RT : youknwyouyoung if u don't knw suck yo own juices of yo man lips wen he gave u some bomb ass head.some freaky shit
You can die at any moment.
keep your heart sharp.
balance, success, peace, and harmony!
hey Ariana!
Hope you're having a lovely night :
If you had to follow an organization on twitter, facebook, or their blog which social media outlet would you choose?
Or which organization?
I have been and hope to go this year!!
It's so funny seeing tons of doxies in one place :
hey girl, I'm so sorry about what happened.
Text me if you need anything 3.
Happy Birthday to my amazing and talented brother
REAL stinky men...Do girls really like a guy that doesn't shower....
robert pattinson apparently doesn't and doesn't wash his hair...
Anyone going to the Selena show in Salem?
September 5th.
No opener.
ugh.
ooh, looks like it's NOT going to rain this evning!
Sometimes i wonder how my life is about to take a 360...
Im scared but also ready to face anything that comes my way wit pride!
u told rickey dn't come for me HA!!
We've found safe harbor in a local line.
These people haven't seen what we've seen.
No sir...
Thank U!
4 being a great pro, for being a hero to myself  many others.
4 being a man worthy of looking up to!
We are 2.
Just saw him play a few weeks ago :' RT : RIP Levon Helm  Playing The Band for the rest of the day here in the office.
pop off
Looking forward to announce the winner of two tickets to Midwest fashion week event on October 22nd.
To go to austin
hahah boy were we wrong!!!
ive spilt water on myself three times now
you're better at this twitter thing than me
So we've settled on a house, now to make the offer!
Gossip Girl!!
asdfsdgdfg
lets fucking go!!!!!
: north america you are up first.
get ready.
BELIEVEtour next week!
LEGGO
Your future is waiting to be spoken into existence by you.
Get to talking!
looks awesome
yes!
So I've heard haha : still can't believe the story you told me about Carlos haga
eat your food and grow up hun or go play on the playground
No problem.
We have given tours to lots of doctorxel students and staff!
TONIGHT: Come see us at Pineapple Jacks at 10.
485 Spencerport Rd.
in Gates.
Tons of new tunes.
And Diggler may take off his shirt, too!
ImA Christian and proud of it TeamGod 
We've been waiting to see if this congress will do anything constructive for the American people.
Oh never mind...
you're not a fetus
I think spurs might be a better squad without Modoctorc.
There, I said it.
Feeling brave?
Break out of your comfort zone and try our carrot raisin salad.
Yea I'm Winning because you are losing
I see his douchebaggary knows no bounds MT : Jonathan Papelbon is now referring to himself in the third person as Cinco.
it's milky.
follow me please so i'm not so bored while i'm working :
UNCA YOU did well playing against 8....
Congratulations...
Syracuse will get theirs Against
thank you Sara :
Fact 1: don't give the football players water when they're mad:S
I've only posted two images so far on Pinterest so I'm finding my way around as well.
hey baby its Alex...
Sorry I can't talk to you deks prob told you why..
Uhm I don't get my stuff back till tomorrow but I love u
surely he likes Glen Campbell.
always a good sign when GOP frontrunner says Deep South is an away game
Yep.
No contact with the knee injury.
: is Vontae Jackson on campus?
Sorry you couldn't make it out!
Hope the live tweets were enough!
Props to your 'Cuse brothers who took home trophies
she is;
You're just saying that to make me feel better.
In NYC for HeatKnicks AND CapsRangers..
Sat next to Lebron  Dwayne  Lavo..
Great biz trip..
Signing today from 11am to 5pm at the Kemah Boardwalk with Books on the Bayou
Listening to wind outside.
I think my apartment is just a few moments away from taking flight!
I could get to know you, take my time, and show you.
Don't tell anybody what we do.
FB has suspended The TROMA TEAM ability to request friends for 30 days, do to requesting to many friends that FB recommends.
I feel like I haven't been to work in the longest time
to know, and by knowledge to lift up the mind from the dungeon of the body to the enjoying his own divine essence
It was easier when I wrote my dissertation How do I reconnect with people outside of education?
Hey world I haven't been on my twitter been on my group one please go follow for me and MB they support use u should to ; 3

He needs to pick upp!
if the question is wanna fuck, then yes.
yes i do.
I was hoping you saw that :
Lazy sunday
now we're cookin with gasoline haha
Oh, yeah.
Coffee.
it's ok he hates everyone!
I txted him the night of formal and told him to have fun and he didn't answer me 
Be For I Kill SomeBoby!
Instead give to yourself that which empowers you
We haven't had snow since '99!!
But the mountain are capped!
Who would you rather work for?
The GSA for the perks or the Secret Service for the prostitutes?
Be honest?
Absolutely!
Let us know how it goes if you decide to take a Zipvan for a spin.
Nothing is better than Monday morning class cancelled 3333333
naw the lack gas eating my Lil ass up.
But I'm upgrading bro.
Boss shit
Late to first period like always.
Hoax alert!
Watch out for Fake Google Lotto winner notification.
the Attachement is fake.
Just delete, Google does NOT run a lotto.
What it is that makes me tick
Hello peeps
i need to learn french.
that way, when kiddos ask if i know it, i can say yes :
you made me smile!
Haha goodnight handsome!
:
That's my bro!
RT : Fat girl just used the the phrase almost shit myself 2 describe how bad something was.
k link plzz
Ah, Chopped.
Or as it was originally known as, Whoever Screws Up Less Wins.
Personally I liked the little sponge cakes with jam, but I remember others lunging for the faux Twinkies.
:
when will we see the tf700/701?
I want that transformer infinity!
And please help
just want it to be summa
Now I get why you're dating!
You're both whores.
:
Stay focused on the end result and nothing will stop you!
It's over.
We're on our way home.
So why did One Direction's album debut at number one when the Wanted's album can barely hold on in the iTunes top ten?
get down to Union Square...
Why do people Retweet old tweets?
i wish they would just kill me instead.
Live Auction at Society.
Film Posters, IPAD2.
All proceeds benefit the Denver Film Society!
114pm 2510 E Colfax St
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Waiting for green!
People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball.
I'll tell you what I do.
I stare out the window and wait for spring.
Rog ...
follow history in the makin
Midnight is nearly upon us, and with it comes 4/15.
THANK YOU for an amazing day.
We'll make sure the Milwaukee positivity continues!
DID AN AMAZING JOB TONIGHT3 BEST CONCERT EVER!
Great first day at BGSD with , and of course Hubert and Elliott!
If you are in the California junkyard, then look for the man with the silver pan for some sweet delicious pie!
Wthh...okay then.
08/19/2011  Willowbrook Mall accommodates shoppers with extended hours for TaxFree Weekend Texas 's TaxFree Weekend 2011 is Friday,
I don't doctornk, beer smells like piss, but Twisted tea is ahole lot different...
I do birthdays big!!
Ice cream, cake, and the apocalypse!!!
love yah to!
And what?!?!
Me: do u have a smoothie with strawberries and bananas Her: yes strawberry banana
All I want right now is devil dogs !
Part of the early keepers date was your and 's suggestion.
I actually didn't care.
You could have kept him and chose not
Quotes from clients along the way I want to thank you both from the bottom of my heart and keep being inspirational : x0x0x0: 
Hope all the mnleg watchers had a pleasant late night/early morning.
Getting caught up on twitter from overnight...awfully testy
I freaking love peanut butter
Educause10 you're smart.
You have to go sit in a room let's stop sending this message.
Ladies we have to be strong,stick together,and support one another
I wish I could just magically levitate atbab from the store to my house.
hope I get that teacher next year!!
TRAFFIC: Crash  Whitney Way  just south of the beltline, delays
Get both the biggest one they have and the smallest one.
Think outside the box.
afterglow in an evening/light and dark are one/full moon/clear air/cool breeze/sensuous star twinkles/from a world's night without end ess
sigh some people never change.
Bullet dodged :
i agree with you :
President Kerwin's Fall Semester Update email just came in.
What would you like to see us report on further?
Nominating when traveled
Work is a mess today.
Other than that, I'm good :
was amazing tonight at Americagottalent ,Her voice is just incredible and she definitely has a huge talent!!
Wow it's freezing today!
Can't wait for summer!
I hate doing presentations on something I completely disagree with.
Preaching against weed with my rasta nails?
Yep.
hang in there Bob!
We've tasted your baking and we give you an A!
I NEED encounter again
we need to reconnect re:
We will be sharing tips from the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics Get Your Plate In Shape page!
Wanna freak out?
Google maps, type: 47.110579 9.227568, click the green arrow, select more then go to Street View.
Go up two  left twice.
In The Hospital :'
Just west of Mobile and the country station is playing Alabama!
great idea.
Added a special tune for Instagram.
Guess which one.
;
hahaha thanks for the pic!
That's gotta be in the hood right?
The judge at traffic court just completely botched a joke about me wearing skinny jeans.
I laughed anyway.
did u hear a perfect mess?
i liked Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter for about the first 3/4 of it.
he seems to run out of steam with his concept.
Thank you for the follow and support!
Enjoy your day!
A lot of Clippers hate from one last night.
I LOVE IT.
It's 2012 N were still passing amendments 2 ban same sex marriages?
NC get it togetherIseriouslyDONTunderstandIt'saViolationOfHumanRights.
we still have a few promo code MARCHMADNESS left!
Hurry and get them before it's too late!
is there a way to import all transactions into my account, not just the ones from 2012???
Loved The Punk Syndoctorme and Tchoupitoulas today at hotdocs Check out the films tom night!
Everything becomes official on facebook
doctornk?
I'm ready, where are you?
I'd love that haha: and I'm sure my brother would too.
Are you going to Spring Swing this Friday?
Join us for swing music, dancing, adult beverages, friends AND support !
All for 10.
The Political Party IN THE MINORITY shld be the loyal opposition NOT the DisloyalTreasonousParty or GOPgoofballsOnParade
Why didn't you doctornk out of Leno's mug last night?!
ha
Any word on USA vs Canada?
Just finished up a 15 mile bike ride.
Fatigued from yesterdays 25 miles.
Don't arrive to the show at 8AM if that's when it starts.
Always arrive early to set up and be prepared for the day.
Interesting given recent historians' work on sensory and aural historymore attention being paid to what people heard.
Even more awkward: some girl just thank you as she was passing the register and I didn't know why so I didn't say anything back.
She said she wanna take her skirt off I said be my guest, I decided to take my shirt off and show my chest
Weed Word Soup  wear a cool colorful list of marijuana terms on your tshirt
interviews?
Awesome.
Best in biz.
Rest of show?
Not as much.
Then again he actually has a radio  tv show so he wins.
Grind hard.
This week's AdventuresoftheSoupTraveler newsletter will be released tomorrow  if your not on the distribution list please send m a tweet!
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Eat lots of turkey and pumpkin pie!
: If you on the low it aint real .
Oh my gosh..
What is my mom watching on TV right now...
very cute!
Just tried the Vein Viewer at ASCO11 www.veinviewer.com it's awesome I Love it !!!
dude your tweets are on another level, never delete them.
Make a book of your Tweets in T3 yrs from now.
Applebee's kicks ass.
is off to bed knuckleheads!
Still gotta work tomorrow!
Another selfproclaimed hit single?
Really?
I bet your right.
lol!
28 years of Parties for the Off The Street Club!
Come on Kids we are ready for you
alrigh I got you
when tweets blow up my phone  nooffense i love you girl!
Idcc Imaa Dye My Hair In The Weekend !
I should have 36 points for the give me your hand promo but she wrote six haha whoops
In the mist of all the love I give  recieve, the hate showers.
Lol
Wow, she's on a roll.
On 6th street, it's like a mardi gras for the college childoctorn.
how you doing Davan?
thanks hanna!
: miss you!
its really yummy actually!
Just emailed to see if he'll give a lecture at Berkeley.
Does someone actually read those form emails?
Fingers crossed!
I hate being at the lightrail with hella ignorant ass ppl trying to tlk to me....
Ugh.
Just had a successful talk with on the early ride home from school...hopefully it helps!
is creepin, i can feel it !
Lmfao Purrfect the cat...
okay then.
You're welcome!
Hope they come in handy.
man ill DonkeyKong/Eastside stomp yo ass talkn all dat Cray shit......hey Chase!
How can I assist you :
it's the heat.
It's a big fat cup of coffee kind of morning
I know, I know.
75 percent of the response to Hank Aaron's announcement has been my speaker sucked!
:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!
hahaha....
: RT : I could go for some pie :P you should ask Annie for some : especially that pear/blueberry one!
Yum!
Still dying to see , and
Ibanez may fizzle later...but right now he is helping the team stay afloat...ride him out...!
Tommy just said everything becomes Irish once you throw a flute in it
Was the opening text of Blade Runner as much of an inspiration for Moon as I suspect?
Smfh for real
Oh no no no Ms.
Salpeter.
You have to take the whole deal.
25 is 25.
Inexperienced, idealistic, and foolish :
Good morning!
I hope everyone has a great Monday!
I can't believe I'm going out in public looking like a train wreck...
challenges  finding time to work on implementation, testing and data cleanup in addition to normal work
My 40 pound Kindergartner son broke his first board at Tae Kwon Do this week.
Strangely, I'm still not very intimidated by him.
And that will be just in the booking room with the correction officers.
Wait until they put you in with the inmates.
I'm good!
How are you?
Laying on the sofa watching lifetime movies dozing off and on trying to shake this sickness
And you best believe I'm watching All That right now
Word RT : should really talk to and
Shock collars
Lots of events to look forward to next week!
In the US, Boston's cable12   in Dublin,
as long as you didn't see a blue screen all is okay!
I'd much less rather eat a nasty McDonald's chicken nugget.
Dark Shadows has been AA approved by AA2!!!
;
Lets get it KG
You in the room?
Let's make a plan.
been for a zest and it was horrible
Awww I can't stop looking at the pictures from yesterday!
I LOVE EVERYONE 333333
Newspapers are the new yahoo
New York City subways are now getting highspeed Internet.
How about some highspeed subway trains?
I remembered she promised once now she say I can't promise u.........
do girls really forget what they say that fast
Kind if into the fact that Cranbrook is in the news for all the wrong reasons...
Hm...
thanks to Netflix I can now watch either Left Behind or Married...
With Childoctorn.
Decisions, decisions.
Madden live
The common characteristics of people make a community possible, but it is their uncommon qualities that make it better.
John H.
Fischer
off you to death..
Sounds delicious!!!!
Yummy!!!
All i can say for the LSU vs Bama game is WOW such a good game
Favorite part of Social Media is how we can interact w others building relationships n friendship, while helping other
Pretty sure I saw Eric Idle in his convertible almost run some jaywalkinglady over..
I love LA.
well i havent prank called u duude like i swear.......
and i do no meehhbe where that came from .
prankdial.com
Right before I die, I'm gonna to say to whoever is next to me, I left a million dollars in the...
;
: 14369 I love you so much.
Thank god for Alli and Cody bringing us together!
Love you too!
And ikr?3
Don't forget to donate to the M.D.A Telethon.
If your in Phoenix, call 2773003 or Toll Free 18007900498.
the maine is posting tour dates this week !
Me either until I read it just now!
Thought of the artist who couldn't get a visa
Great convo with the ladies tonight, the best thing that stuck out from our convo is ..
How ya gonna move on still holding on to something
My truck just turned 50,000 miles!
OVER THE LIMIT12
I will!!
I'll DM people too:
i like u too

The local newspaper...listed the captainin and quarterback as Lowell Twogun Thomas.
Lowell Thomas
Did a new photo shoot today!
Now in the editing stage...
Momentum shift in Omaha.
Timeout couldnt have come at a better time for Trob.
Huff jabbing at Steinberg: We still have a 9.2b problem.
Yes, that is why we need to pass Gov initiative!
And of course the rest of the cast why why why why does have to such a suspensful awesome show??????
in short, no one knows.
:
Perhaps you're listening to too much The Edge?
Living earth.
Community.
Encounter.
Expression.
At NMAI.
Happy Monday!
May we all have a productive week ahead!
Build up an emotion, heart rate up, no tension Teach yourself 2 say down boy with tension.
Press toe in left shoe 2 get rid of all tension
Mom just told Roxi, This is why you don't have friends.
You're so embarrassing.
5 mins earlier mom saw a snake, screamed  ran away.
well hello chica!
When I your next trip stateside?
I'm thinking about visiting Italia soon w/ the bird.
Hope all is well :
I've been really impatient today .
delete to subsidize event costreplace w/for eventdelete in exchange forreplace w/You get.
Just suggesting.
I'm just a bird, I'm just another bird!
one of the reasons you have a phone is to answer it bro
Father's Day is around the corner.
What would you like us to offer?
Taking all ideas for car detailing, cosmetic repairs etc.
Fresh attacks target symbols of Syrian state power  Fox News
So come on put your hearts up yeah, come on put your hearts up yeah, if we give a little love maybe we can change the world 3
What is the difference between a white owl and a black owl?
A white owl goes, Who, who, a black owl goes, Who dat?
Who dat?
He who would travel happily must travel light.
Antoine de SaintExupery
If she's lonely now, she won't be lonely long!!
It's all on you buddy boy!
finally Found my Favorite pic of Bran .
check out my professorle and see starz u too Brandy , thanks Jeff Riedel .
did i really just say finna
he is from Merrillville??
NICE
mims12 final projects are starting in 2 minutes!
The excitement is palpable.
The Hellraiser remake is going for a PG13 rating?!?
Why don't they just call it Heckraiser while they're at it.
When you are mean and talk about people watermelons fall.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Our government is syncing more computers every day.
Outofstate child support orders FLY into Texas now.
nsta12 needs an app for scheduling, maps, evals, etc.
love reading your emails everyday.
great insight : Keep em' coming!
congrats.
Hope i see you at aam
I heard right, yes?
That was an O from the crowd?
Thanks for RT, Preston!!
listening to bringing back some good memories
Open for business.
Ditto!
RT Way past my bedtime but a great night!
More fun in a few hrs at
If you knew me man, I don't really worry about a nigga tryin to Judge, who are you, Judy?
LMAO 50 Cent and Justin Bieber has been trending all day..
yea thats why we got Obama
RT : Do NOT lower your standards to KEEP anyone.
Make them meet you at YOUR level.
Self respect is POWER.
: Thank you!
I hope we can reconsider.
Options available now.
medlibs I think MLA is always reevaluating meeting sites.
:
Time Warner Cable service disruption in my area.
No wifi and cable TV.
Please send him
Be careful what you say to someone today.
Because tomorrow they may not be there.
And you can't take it back.
Planning for a meeting needs to happen before EVERY meeting
how did we do??
Roses are red.
Violets are blue!
Faces like yours belong in the zoo.
Don't be mad I'll be there too, not in the cage, but laughing at you.
Orono wins.
Sure was a good game.
Think I'll stay and watch Hopkins and EP.
I'll try not to!
yea I see lol
while they may be having some moderate success with social media, they are failing in all other aspects!
deadcat : And then my cat shit INSIDE my camera bag and ON my 50 1.4 and he sealed his fate.
WTF?.
My twitter is being stupid D:
Going to threelionspub for the loudmouthsoup show!
Be there!
I knew and the other sharks would front on that Cougar gimmick.
Good for them
Individuals control their behavior in order to control the behavior of others.
hahah way to go.
You probably learned more at breakfast than we ever will in that class anyway.
LOL.
You're wild.
Too funny.
Thanks Bro.
Writing is the flip side of sex  it's good only when it's over.
Hunter S.
Thompson
Is Dwight Howard going to go or stay?
I hope theres a Gnarls Barkley album this year...
that would make my year!
Offensive POY IS different.
Alex Rodoctorguez in TX was best off plyr but not MVP because other players made their team better
Thanks for sharing the SunStandStill quote.
Have a blessed day and weekend.
staff
i have to be in harlem by 7 am
Anyone know anything about the band All the Empires of the World?
I can find little to no info on them, but they kick ass.
Best Western in downtown is the best economy hotel.
You wouldn't have to rent a car.
Close to everything!
No more interim spending bills .
Cut US spending now.
Adopt a budget and cut the ENTIRE 61 B.
Time to do what is right.
RT : The NM Branch of SAG is hosting a SAG Awards Viewing Party on Sunday, January 29th at the Uptown Sports Bar!
All......
The eagles have flown the coop.
But this looks interesting, a live African Safari Cam.
www.africansafaricam.com
I didn't get a note from you wtf
i just woke up and thought ITS MY MOTHA FUCKIN BIRTHDAY
The fat chick I brought home from the bar last month stole it.
For anyone in Philadelphia...pick up soccer at 6pm on 40th and Locust
Will you keep the monuments to Charles Nelson Riley and Kristen Chenoweth?
This Sunday we discuss Living in Spirit's Purpose
When we the military youth of America come back home, we will need the help of the civilian population to rebuild a country that is in cris
Reunited with my boy Neako haven't hungout in a week lol
i want to be in ABDC7 they would easily win this
Heat take the series over the Knicks in 5 games.
great movie the artist it did deserve the best spot.
Lived it
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
they do?
i'm happy to give you hand if you'd like.
Yeah!
Thank you
yes ma'am, Texans for life..
Till you play for the skins
YES!
: I wouldn't miss a !
How 'bout you?
Small Circle No New Niggas
I know I'll get a good grade because my teacher literally beat everything into my head, but it's AL over my facebook atm.
When pandora plays the exact song you needed to hear to feel better.
THANK YOU to everyone who join us for our opening launch in person.
We enjoyed meeting all of you!
Going to academy after school today.
Yay.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.

Praise God for another day!!
if you're breathing, that's enough to thank Him.
Great meeting you this weekend !
Now I can finally believe Matt when he says he has a legitimate job...
I was starting to wonder
I look up to the sky and now the world is mine I've known it all my life I made it, I made it!
This episode of MadMen is truly surreal.
New episode of Genuine Ken today...
don't miss!
If they offer him, he's said in the past he'll definitely commit.
YES I AM!
So, don't open any DM's from me.
They aren't really from me.
I got hacked into :
No sense of arguing with folks that are not where u are mentally or spiritually in life...just keep it moving...
Just be fing happy people
Getting a massage  badly needed after having been rearended by someone talking on his cell phone...
Houston looks awfully frustrated out there
RT : Call Me Maybe is the perfect way to start the day.
Congrats on the funding.
We're excited to see what the future will bring for you!
I am not sure why Bogost requested that his talk not be streamed.
Thanks for the RT!
I have some students available for you.
General principles for USDE and TEA/txlege similar.
Devil in the detail's when it comes to taking the .
turn the page.
wash your hands.
repeat.
Warn your friends if they sent you a DM saying When I found this about you with a link  they've been phished.
i work ALL weekend.
: Celebrating a found treasure with BIL  Won't be taking the wedding ring off so frequently anymore!!
Sheesh!
Anybody woke up at 4am?
I did today...now I'm worn out.
trying to get to bed early for once.
completely shattered.
although not successful since im on here.
almost finished italian hw then
Can't ever see you the same after this one...
RT : The bieb is cooler than the other side of the pillow.
Testing an Andoctorid antivirus option for enterprise.
It's been scanning SD card contents for 10 min.
On a phone that has no SD card....
ahaha true true
true, all depends I guess...also looks like they jumped at the chance to hire an 'attractive' girl as well
look at you!!
HeadWomanInCharge!
We need to plan for a date in the near future so we can meet and hang out!
Somebody SNAGGED ma GUCCI bagg shyt all folded n no damn bag to packum in
no dnt go without me .
RT Looks like I'm going to planning a college night and a battle of the bands at The Haven!
Any bands interested???
hit me up!
Psyched on the outcome.
as long as bio links r directed back your personal site/biz, by all means send over the info at :
can't wait to rock out with you guys tonight at Fireday with !
Haley schooled the Durbinator tonight on stage presence and goes without saying perfect pitch.
I like it : looks good
milwaukee Rock Salt pallet for only 4.99/bag50LB bags.
49 bags to a pallet and FREE SHIPPING!
You can't beat that.
are u in love
I can't stand people who whine abut not having a love.
first of all, u should stay young while u r a teen.
always live life to its fullest
at the pike party listening to your fav song !
You should be here
thanks for including me in your daily :
Would a Harry Kallas baseball be meaningful to people outside of Philly?
Keep up the good work.
Thanks for the RT's!
Sleeping makes traveling time seem shorter
I was just bout to hit u up when I tweeted that!!
Lol
: My bday Buddy!!!
Watz Good boy??
Happy bday to u to!!!!
RT happy birthday man
Northside bound for a couple of days!!!
So wanna go out..ugh
Hm, when should i upload.....:P
Now I'm kicking myself all the more for not getting to 'Mongers before they sold out.
is it hard raising kids being in the lime light?
Looking good!
Thanks for coming.
:
I'm confused, I'm not in vegas I'm in LA, weather is sick, 82 in this Bitch!
I get back Thur.
tho womp womp.
Come and enjoy your evening  Kettner Night Art Walk tonight from 6 to 9!
We will be there::
As much as I love being here with my niece and nephews, I'm ready to get my long list of things to do started.
Wind and Snow coming up this weekend!
Welcome to Northern Nevada where SPRING means SNOW!!
No one ever gets tired of loving.
But everyone gets tired of waiting, assuming, hearing lies, saying sorry, and hurting
Kirsten.
Look at shoes by Think.
They have wonderful colors.
Lol...these high school kids nowadays..much to learn
YOUR MOM!
Ok, well SOMEONE had better bring to PDX.
I need to see 
RT : RT Lmfaoooo: keep doctoramin then lol RT : My doctoram is to play with the new york yankee.
my friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the empire state..
Kobe It's Lebron  Kevin Durant Time To Shine You Had Yo Years!
Other than experience and knowledge of our industry, we absolutely seek out people with good characterhard to find these days!
stomach grumbling, that sounds so good...
Just spotted a guy playing a keyboard from atop a white schoolbus at a gas station; not sure where rest of band was.
Welcome to 2012 tweet plugs!!!
Let's go!!
im sorry i have no recolelction what we were talkin bout; :T hope it worked out tho?
how have you been, tell me bout urself?
staceys mom has it going on.;
San Diego has coolest July in 77 years.
Where is Al Gore now?
Im from san Antonio now living in Denver.
Spurs Nuggets tonight GO SPURS GO
is Spring Cleaning something fierce.
Gonna sell a lot of stuff.
Anyone for a slightly used violin?
I have one.
Posting pics soon.
roadFuji, mtnScott.
My gf has a new Specialized racer that I covet.
Not familiar with Look
can you follow me back Natalia.
thanks xoxo :
Thanks for the shoutout, Sassy Girls!!
It's appreciated.
Always a lot of hope for the Skins in April.
Maybe can make us believe in January.
Date with destiny and MCAT books 
MJ I understand, but KobeBryant........WHOMP Hell No!!!
he not better than Labron James
I appreciate that the acronym of Statute of Limitations accurately reflects the reality of not abiding by it.
At the MIA airport catching a preview of 's upcoming Silicon Valley special on CNN.
Way to go Wayne and crew!
And then there was me.....
fun night.
I see a lot of Beastie Boys in my listening weekend.
don't let them piggyback on your shit hahah
People in th hallway are soo slow
Great app!!!!
Great tweet!!!
you are not part of the community that believes in the American doctoram then
chipotle demons racing out of your asshole.
Maintain your blogs!!!
Could Stand to Hear Candidate speech right about now!
Do you guys do reruns on those ?
Oh man...
every minute feels like an asthma attack.
Must remember to breathe.
oh yea, you're Christian?
SiNoFueraPorTwitter is great for practicing conditional tense.
What an educational choice of trending topic, Guatemala!
I just got to see the trailer for the mystery gig...gotta say, life is good.
Life is very, very good!
At hoopfest.
the biggest 3 on 3 tourney in the world...
i think
Chilling with the kids from the rella music video
aha what are u then a 8th grader?
Lol
Oushet!!
SAN ANTONIO TX HEA WE GO!!!
Finals everything's done ...
On to the next chapter of my life
Haley Hopkins leads things off with a home run over the left field wall to extend USA's lead to 61.
Punch yourself?
..Bawhaha.
because it's the second longest behing Titanic.
A tight hug can do so much for someone that's hurting.
Hey, Jen!
I noticed a few of your tweets about Pinterest analytics.
Would love to chat w/ you about
CHECK YOUR DMS
Pourin up.
Hold up.
Actors!
Please send us samples of your sides!
We are working on a new feature to enter your lines : send to
Thanks for the follows
Well, to be fair some of it he just thinks.
It couldn't help but compare him a little to Adoctoren.
Is that bad?
went go see the hunger games today with my friend i had so much fun and the movie was awsome
did they also hold a finger up  say something dire into the phone like no I think it's in the cabinet with the spices ugh
A new book in A Song of Fire and Ice series out today, but The Chronicles of Prydain is still a classic.
When did you last read them?
Zae talks about everything.
Girl you better bring it okay !
you better be there by 1:00 okay so you can be the first one there :
I would really like to meet someone who thinks it's ok to text during a play.
I honestly want to know what your thoughts are.
just voted for you, there was no better choice, you are gorgeous travelsize!
Np.
It's very tranquil :
yeah, I was bummed to learn that it wasn't the one that I had hoped.
Somedays, even the lab equipment says FUCK IT.
Gonna be moving soon:
I always keep Tums in the house.
i hope its a good show april wine
Off the Henne buzzing like a MF
only if we can hifive during!
Thank you to the Young Patrons who joined us at last night's annual April Fools' reception.
We appreciate your support and enthusiasm.
But I'm realizing though that students need to learn basic web design to know how a reader reads a website to do digital history
Well this has a been a fun day off!
I'm ready to go back to school!
At the Most Worshipful Prince Hall Grand Lodge of Maryland's Emancipation day program.
Follow us on :bleedblackband
Latina tweeters that matter
I got as far as taking the vacuum out of the closet.
Didn't actually vacuum anything, but I think it's a pretty good first step.
Joy's a flame in the palm of the open  humble.
Clench the hand tight, point fingers to self and this snuffs out joy.
It was good to meet you too.
I am always down for meeting a fellow music lover.
elected mayor is an idea which has failed to captainre the public imagination
sarajevo day.
Halo reach playing it up.
:
stop you complain about it all the time
Thanks Dave, glad you and your wife had a great time!
Ready for Timeline for pages on the mobile devices.
im tired of these stupid damn jokes!!
Idk : But I feel sorry for her, she lost 5K followers!!!
I'm trying to warn people about it.
who nos i might be paranoid!
ha
Tonight I might fulfill a tradition for the first time in my life as a Filipino man: to get into that damn karaoke stage and sing!
lol
Yeah no kidding thank you for the heads up!
Much appreciated
agreed...
I see it and hate it everyday.
RT : 's Sam Worthington applauds 's work with gender and USAID Forward at ACFVA meeting
its been off the air for a while, i think IFC has it now.total
You're about to make a huge mistake but I'll let you make it
2:30PM Free Concert in Fountain Park Igors Jazz Cowboys; then 4:00PM at the Community Center it's the Fountain Hills Community Chorus...
Anthony Thigpen: the 99 must move from organizing for resistance to organizing for power!
FOLLOW ME
That is the stupdist walgreens commercial I've ever seen
it's an app called simi simi ;
or Matt Cassell
That feeling when you really miss someone 
Those were the days!
Find yourself on a competition that brings you back to Atlanta.
keep me updated..
I was right by the way  average milwaukee metro area gas went up another penny today...
that's a new record again!
: final chapter of GoDJKemo's B Day wknd ends tonite
Just saw a commercial for Perkins.
They were highlighting the fact they make their omelettes fresh to order.
God, I would hope so!
He has it!
Possession.
Move those chains!
I cant believe we're going to lose a series to the sox.
Oy.
You too!!!
So crushed didn't follow me!
Got the feeling he will never notice me!
But he taught me to
First game of the night at and I won 1000 tickets!
You are not a helpless victim of your own thoughts...
rather a master of your own mind.
Louise Hay...
HAPPY THOUGHTS.
It's almost Friday!
Eminem.
THE SHIT.
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
Napoleon
ScentSations is having a grab boxsale.
A great deal on essential oils, lotions, body wash, and bath salts.
Contact me for details.
The rain in Houston was worththewait.
I hope we'll see some in Austin soon!
Until then water those trees!
We don't wanna know who gave you head
We will see, a lot of talent in the wings.
I am a bit disappointed that Soony hasn't got more consideration
not if I shove a dick up ur ass first!
Sundance made me remember my path.
Less superficial, more substance.
Also, im just as good as all the hipsters making films at sundance.
This thunder sounds like there is a huge thing walking among us.
now that sounds like 1 good ass taco!
I wish i was an only child!
Just realized today, I'm lactose intolerant.
I'm still going to eat ice cream :D
thats why is MVP not PrinceJames.
MVPs make  take clutch shots.
Tough series against the mavs on deck
Accidently skipping econ because of the writing assessment schedule..
One of my favorite movies is Limitless
I want to invite you to my church, Chris.
Come to w/ an open mind  see what it's like.
You'd be surprised!
kind of she keeps trying to get away, it's like she knows or something.
I wish would call me instead of Kim K.!
:
You make my heart beat faster :
: I have no earthly boss  
Now a real possibility of Phoenix  New Jersey meeting in the Stanley Cup.......
If no one watched, did it ever happen?
Last week was a major turning point.
is freaking amazing!
Just had stuff thrown at me..
cool.
Why don't you grow the fuck up?
You're in high school.
Because I have loved life, I shall have no sorrow to die.
Hell no!
Lol
Darkness cannot doctorve out darkness: only light can do that.
Hate cannot doctorve out hate: only love can do that.
Martin Luther King Jr.
Now for something completely different: shared bib cleanup.
rolls up sleeves, pops knuckles,  logs into the catalog
Ross: ommodification of console video games  hardware modding  compared to car modding as practice and socialhistorico logics
Dogs are exhausting enough.
No idea how people handle multiple childoctorn.
so excited babies x
Anyone can help me get more followers??
Please help me!
I promise I will follow back!
Ur the harmony to every song I sing!
About that time i suppose
Now buenos noches.
Love ya from me and Lina
They have scooters!
Grown men with scooters on the train!
That explains everything I just overheard
Idk just a headache D:
1.
make dismissive comments that offend many 2.
get twitbombed 3.
close account, move to tumblr.
sound familiar?
Comparison tool estimates loan payment and how many 50 textbooks it equals.
Nice touch.
367/month  8 50 textbooks/month
It's a day of stabbiness.
The readers may not be overwhelmed but the writers are...
This friday night went by fast!
Wtf?
Topics 4 year old wanted to discuss on commute today: the water cycle, magnetism, climate change.
Love this kid!
your welcome!
Never.
Unless you're an alcoholic.
so happy to be back in Dallas, no more traveling for a while!
smoking people in words with friends.
RT: Brittany Norwood stared straight ahead, showed no reaction as jury found her guilty of first degree murder.
pyscho...
: Anyone want to answer this?
RT : What are the softest 25 NL games in Vegas?
WSOP in 30.
Total shame top Rutgers admins aren't fighting the loss of their only presence in SNJ .
Hey and Love you guys.
That is all.
Happy Star Wars Day!
figure out who's going to the show tmister.
A few juniors are going.
My bud Kennedy will be there to greet ya with tix.
More bad news for the Brewers.
Alex Gonzalez torn ACL.
Probably done for the year along with Mat Gamel and Narveson.
Ugh!
Going 2 doctoram about finding my equal creative partner in business.
Got some great ideas in my head.
come to Franklin park
You don't know sunburn peeling, until it is the entire top of your head.
bazooka slump land allmo gods?
Going to the SustainIndy Awards luncheon today.
Congrats to the finalists!
I'm queen of sending boys texts that say, entertain me, I'm bored.
thank you H!!!
Can't wait to see you in NYC ;
: Can we please stop calling them 'hipsters' and go back to calling them 'pussies?
1
I am an AmeriCorps alum
lol whoa!!
Barely legal
Its going to be a big blue hell for cardinal fans all summer long.
Luckily we will get some relief Sept 1.
In theory, yes
Every day should start off with mangos for breakfast 3
to MAKE IT HAPPEN!!!
Loving the how to get new lib users...baby shower table talk.
Love the networking!
such a good show!
ill masage it : for you
Now, it is bed time for Hal.
How much wood would a wood chuck chuck if a wood chuck could chuck wood?..say it really fast 10 times
Enjoy limousine discounts with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
WaysToPissMeOff  when u ask me for a ride n u have me outside waiting for u over 10 min.
Yes i'm your friend..please stop breathing on me
: that awkward moment when someone you hate is breathing Haha, yeah
: haha how are you
haha.
u wouldnt wanna cry in front of lover boi
what the hell are you guys even talking about, ESPN announcers?
Fresh out the shower !!!
GettinFresh!!
Vega Comm is attending Behind The Moon SocialNet After Hours Networking Event
Happy Mother's Day!!!!
Omg only 3 more weeks of school left!
Summer 2012 and senior year are almost here!
You've got a great life.
If you're wondering, yes, I'd accept an invitation to tag along next time.
If I had to.
I guess.
Filming,WOD's,roseswhy I'm 25 min late for day 2.
Being late worked out for me yesterday, so hopefully the streak continues!
I love 'Love Me'!
Its so cute!Just like you!ur songs are adorable  u r good inspiration to other kids to follow their doctorams!
Guy is A Virgin Its Okay, Guy is Not A Virgin He's Cool, Girl is A Virgin She's Scared Of Dick, Girl is Not A Virgin Shes A Hoe.
: Lights gone, days end.
Hey anytime just keep your head up
RT : I just seen pictures of you having sexual intercourse with a dog lmao  LMAO!!
Hey its been a while.
is moving schtuff around the house before work.
Sorry if I missed you yesterday, I was at the Twins game watching Liriano get crushed by the Royals
Wish would follow me!
With the best friendzz in michigan!!
I hear your complaints.
Counter service is an option for you.
Mm.
Beer.
SN: If you're rapping a lyric like,I wish a nigga would, your voice isn't allowed to crack.
Sorry, I didn't make the rules...
The second I heard my coworker's Gwen Stefani ringtone start playing I took out my phone to tweet about how embarrassed/sad I felt for her.
Do the new iphones have new tabs while on the internet...?
Like being able to listen to youtube and look up clothes..?
: If You Hate When People Take Your Texts The Wrong Way
Big day for Lori on her way to June 5th primary; endorses for mayor, announces fundoctoriser hosted by Howard
hm....
hands you a cinnabon
love that movie
you should be on dancing with the stars 
That is awesome.
And therefore I'm immediately discounting all the tips I read from that PR link.
Haha.
Good friend of mine from college is part of that team.
Check 'em out!
:
1998  The Yankees captainred their 24th World Championship and ended up with a record of 12550.
at least you spelled it correctly.
Thanks
Guess who :
Rather be alone than lonely....
Follow follow we are open haha lol jb follow me
Hand washing...
Love the show!
Hoping for at least another 101 episodes!
ME WANT IT
Oop, my computer's frozen...
Never mind I just wasn't moving the mouse.
lol
yep  woke up humming it!
Thanks for the comment and mention!
Go eat!!!
Support local vendor!RT : Serving Big Nathans NOW 2pm TODAY A1 Key Shop 4859 Poplar Ave
GOOD MORNING twitter Family!!!!
happy fall :
It seems to me that most of the artists who complain about fans downloading their music for free are the ones who aren't worth listening to
Wild Wild East
OBAMA CONSORTS WITH AFROWEARING MUSICIANS WHO NOD TO BLACK POWER AND ENJOY TANTRIC SEX.
And Fallon.
ta ai?
I hate forgetting my phone tho
Me  kids just dont mix.
Im too impatient  impulsive.
I got 3WordsForYou ..
I LOVE YOU 3
The whole world might not know, but they don't really with technology either.
Her family or friends might know her story without digital
Ha ha.
I've been having some DM moments lately, too, in my car.
the photographer of that photo is pretty awesome.
If only I could have made them all smile...
Only One Georgia Bulldog Taken in First Three Rounds of NFL doctorft: Fan39;s Take
I am most dominant in the bay!
Holy shit.
Avengers made 200.3 million this weekend?
my pleasure!
And last but not least, keep your ears perked up for Noel Coward's jaunty tune mister.
Worthington.
ASB runoff elections are today.
Don't forget to cast your vote  and tell us which race is most important to you.
EVERYBODY CLAP YO HANDS!
Dying of boredom 
did it really list him as one of the most dynamic people the PAC has ever seen??
Just discovered Thanks to LOVE LOVE LOVE everything on their site!!
Our Design Studio folks just launched the new redesign of the site, looking sharp!
Tomorrow, Cruise time for spring break
twitter is really making me mad today.....
its all messed up!
Wednesday is the day of my interview.
Register for this free call about Bob's new book  It's Not About You
Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 58F OVERCAST
The raining day makes making music all natural.
This album is going to rock!
Yes!
He is announcing the date tomorrow, I'm so VERY excited!!!
it is VERY SOON!
Excited about moving back home as announces today the launch of its next site: Des Moines.
Geeking out w/ LiNC listening w/  in the room, fellow smm geeks i 3 it!
do u like seafood
I kind of hate that the only reason I watch that show is because of you
first day of video editing classes start today!
What're you up to today?
RT : The fastest growing groups on LinkedIn are students  recent college grads
I can't believe I just clicked that link you sent me.
It now feels like Monday morning and my weekend is ruined
Playing the Clippers not like kissing your sister anymore.
Unless your name is Dexter Morgan
Loe now pitching for
doctorp wut ur doing n watch it now
RT : Looking forward to our visit with the peeps today.
They're bringing lunch...cheeseburgers mayhaps?!
i love she's pro.
Ladies and gentlement hold on to your seats, the 2012 Screen Actor's Guild Awards are about to start!
I choose my classes on saturday :D
Thanks so much!
RT : Hangin for the after turkey stuffing festivities.
Cheers bitches!
yep, tomorrow ...
assuming 11:30 is ok?
email me pls w a good time to call mayraruizmcpherson.com
Motivation to clean up my music library: check.
Motivation to do anything else: 
Another allday 5 minute job ...
Sara?O:
I find the stories around the NCAA's so much more compelling than the games themselves.
I wish Trader Joe's deliver groceries...
their stores in Boston are always jam packed and at least a 45min doctorve away :
We do!
email:
Vine a la escuela de oquis
give her a call :
Chris  Kurt have a good vibe.
;
If you want to increase memory...
try our memory bread...
unless theres things you dont want to remember...
breaking out the new hampden league logo's tonite
Hahahaha look it up on YouTube for the fresh prince
Going Back to Theory, Told Nothing On Sale But Beaut Fall Fash Especially Cords Sweaters, Contemporary professorssional 212.5246790
As much as I am a technophile I find the presence of books comforting.
Without books it doesn't feel like home.
Digital just isn't the same.
I don't want to go to school 
RT Thanks for the RT!.
No problem!
Janitor requests subway stop at Constellation Ave because it would make it so easy for people to get to work.
ur a fucking fake so knock it off
Do you have agood auto repair story?
We would like to give away free auto services to those with the most amazing story!
Now that I have put it out there, I will soon be at Bryce Canyon!!
And I will find crystals when I get there!
Believe/Know!
It is said that if we were to help the butterfly remove itself from the cocoon, it would not be strong enough to survive.
Next time look at that picture and think balance.
The corps needs you well rested tomorrow.
San Diego Region: Bayshore Bikeway Extends Mileage Through City of Chula Vista39;s Bayfront
hahaha i did for a while
RT : tonight with , Thursdays are great make sure to stop also open bar early.!!!
I agree I'm a cheese grit fiend and those were extra special!!!
we enjoyed your films at El Cid WED night!
Funny stuff!
langchat, if you have some musically intelligent kids, they could write a song as the end of a PBL.
Tons of free music creation websites.
Now playing Us !
If the Pack have Courtney Upshaw on the board at 28 and don't take him, they are stupid.
I feel slow today.
OF COURSE I AM!!!
its the day after my birthday :
no phone 
McCarran's a zoo this morning.

Both of Mars' ascendants are linked to difficult places in the chart.
where ya headed girl?
I placed 2nd and will continue on to the division s contest.
Just found out 1st place winner actually had 30 yrs experience.lol
Most small angiomas disappear after just one treatment; there are, however, some angiomas that may require more treatment .keloidsurvey.com
followed, follow back please?
:
No trash/recycling pick up tomorrow.
Make up day is Saturday.
City offices closed Friday but we will still be picking up trash  recycling.
you should tweet more often
were you properly served?
Did anyone know likes penis?!
sandwich not included ...
Their stage banter can't be topped.
I shall go on shining as a brilliantly meaningless figure in a meaningless world.
f.
scott fitzgerald or hannah horvath?
we have huge things coming including a lyric video, our brand new 7 song EP a ton of shows in town and out of town.
get excited!
Why did someone decide to put the crazy roundabouts on Hwy 12 outside Lk Delton?
Signs are poor, area choked by confused doctorvers.Bad choice.
Down again?
sorry jeppa joes fans, i had to completely overhaul my propane stove unit...i will be back out Wednesday for sure
OMG!
It was Nataia's!
I was sending 2 her doctornutritionist  my phone sent it to 300people viaText emails.Some people were nasty
Matt Hardy arrested again...he's doing a bang up job auditioning for next seasons Celebrity Rehab
Let's see those workout pics!
Tweet them to for a chance to win a KoreFit gift!
The winner will be announced on Friday!
what day and time is the class usually?
Watching The Real Housewives of New Jersey with Viggle Sun  10PM  Bravo HD Get real rewards just for watching TV.
The shit these teenagers wear I'm so glad I grew up in the 9804 era.
.
getting a guitar stuck in the window blind was the most rock n' roll moment of
: O h o h !.
Wish I was there for that!
Happy b day festivities!!!
Love you pipi!
If you're always the smartest person in the room, you're probably always in the wrong room.
yeah..
keep up the good work..
I hope you make it big
Really?
It's number 1 for so many weeks!
It brought in the most dollars comparing to all other movies..
Thats what i get bein so nice all the time.
Enough
eager to hear the adventures with blue tape
Glad I didn't put on too cute of an outfit.
He picked a bar I don't like.
You ladies understand what I'm saying.
Hey guys can you help me think of a really cute/unique way to ask someone to prom??
I'm helping my best friends boyfriend ask her:
I am highly anticipating a completion date finally!
September 1, 2012!
Need Chicago area tech writer, ASAP, for industrial service manual project.
Interested?
contact or 847.631.1299
WHO IS EXCITED FOR AUSTIN'S SUPRISE?
:D
Does ABC give you a chance to make a case for S4 or do they leave you hanging until decision is made?
You have a damn good case.
i want to rewatch all of the previous seasons of AdventureTime.
so.
make it happen, twitterverse.
;o SAME!
Fascination ends...
Hi everyone!
So glad to make it the jennieoCFK twitter party!
Tonight we're having Graham Beck Brut Ros, you?
the fan in my room is ma bifflez
thanks for joining!
RT : vol2012 ofatraining great call.
More sales training is good 4 people
Salem State playing?
So per your prior tweet, I can seriously contact Tessa Finch about my transmedia project?
Can I reference you?
Why is it so hard to buy things?
The manufacturer sent me to a dealer, who only sells to distributors.
Each one taking their cut, I bet.
you should try the 5 hour energy from stacker 2.
or it's golden.
Wiz is whack as shit.
It can't be that bomb Kanye booted it
No one is ever gonna love you more than I do.
No doubt, I will think of decades of action!!!!!
Those random talks with my best friend.
Miss you, boo.
3
Nope, this legit blonde bitch is  BABY......It's me.
What u talkn bout NIGGA...
its time to get it
Agree!
My team in DC is pedaling this weekend w/a team in NY toogood luck to all!
RT : Good luck in CycleforSurvival !
Clemson Tigers 3/4  I Heart Paw  Enamel Pendant  Sterling Silver Jewelry
Want to be the 1st to know about special events?
Email with your name  email addoctorss to get the latest specials!
haha, oh well
watching Texas race and NFL
StonerEthics stoners always um uh.........
what was I doing again??
Agreed.
So bunch of lawsuits after, perhaps :
Cold, hot or rain it's always a good day for a ride...
And all rides are good...
NATURAL MEDICINE CABINET:  Bandaids  Gauze  Hydoctorgen Peroxide  Rubbing alcohol  Essential Oils: Tea Tree, Lavender, Peppermint
Hey , d'you have a copy of Femininity and Domination: Studies in the Phenomenology of Oppression, by Sandoctor Lee Bartky?
Baby what you want me to do?
Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and doctornking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity.
Voltaire
One of my favorite Astrud/Stan videos!
Never get tired of watching this one...
I'm shootin a reality show in ny would love to have a camio :
I love you soo much ium passin manhattan hope I c u
I hate it when my aunt comes over on mornings!.
There's a kid named Vinny who moved from Nj to our school.
ironic too bad he's in 7th grade
One week left of summer...any big plans for this week?
My NY Architecture professorquotes Edith Wharton from memory as part of his lectures...love it
Merry Christmas to you!
Backbend workshop Sat.
13 pm with for all levels
DC WATER reports 27th St NW b/w the westbound ramp of K St NW  Virginia Ave is closed to traffic for 68 hours due water service repairs.
eluna09 Now e.g.
of integrating library usage, user recommendations, ILL  funds data for collection dev., with links to vendors.
Wow ...
Hi Guys wanted 2 let u know Family an Most friends r Fine I'm Blessed!!
Traffic here in Atlanta was worse than usual on the doctorve into work.
That's saying a lot considering traffic can be crazy at times.
yea if yall want
YEAH PACERS!!!
Thanks  great dinner at Golden Beetle but man that Devil doctornk kicked my butt!!
Dumbset, doctormset, I Can Make Her Comeback
US has edged ahead of Italy and France to become the world's largest wine market by volume according to latest figures from Vinexpo  IWSR
haha so good
Leaving Huntington Beach
you deserve it times a million.
3
How are you enjoying the panel discussion so far?
is it so hard to get country artists to play in Portland, OR?
thanaks for the follow
I love to sleep but I love more staying up late.
It's so hard for me to let go of being awake and head toward unconsciousness.
I should pack.
I'm just sitting here starring at my bag...why can't it pack itself??
DNap.
i never got it!
Just from the smell of this elevator I could have ripped all his cloths off and had no second thoughts.
this aderal needs to kick in...maybe ill remember stuff lol....
hi darling, I want to add the lawndale residency to the bad at sports opportunities page, is it open to Tx artists only?
hell yea this guy was in a hot dog eating contest 
here u go...
I go hard boo...
At the pace I got set, I don't need 2 get ready cuz I stay ready
14 followers to 59 in a day...
Awesome.;
My addoctorss is Thanks, and please spread the word about the movie!
Ravens football tomorrow with Ryann, who has a new outfit to wear for the game, hope she's more excited then she was tonight when she slept
Had a great night celebrating the season with our client
at this point there is no pleasing everyone but something is better than nothing
So your fone is your baby ?
bout the same...
Planning and starting my new year goals lol
I have lost track of how many times Doug's personality has cracked me up today.
Mission looks great!
I'm excited..
but kinda bummed that I'm 90 done with a church site using Associate.
Stressed out...
The feeling of forgetting your sunglasses before an adventure is unexplainable
Lol so yesterday I went to the mall: I passed Lids and was looking inside to see if i saw And my mom was like what r u doing!
yeah but he got knocked around
People don't follow into the same Trap like every other holiday.
Holidays are meant to bring people together
Thanks to our new followers
date night :
oomf is already acting a fool and it's barely 7am
That is quite the beautiful sunset.
Hope it brought relaxation and inspiration to you.
How have you been?
Hope you are doing well.
Started off the day with homemade deep fried food.
Not the best choice for tiding me over, I'm hungry already.
I hate Fasting
Yes, but it would be like me to forget .
I'm studying material culture.
The history of stuff!
Including video games :
That sounds intense.
Are you an Emotobooks fan?
I've been imitated so well I've heard people copy my mistakes.
Jimi Hendoctorx
thanks hunny I plan on it being a great productive year ;
Might you partake in any weatherrelated sales and/or promotions?
Vote now on www.krqe.com!
FreshmanYearTaughtMe University is comprised of 99 bullshit and douchebags who only know 2 guitar chords.
is at HQ giving us a Google demo!
Indulging on your fav.
Snack :
Hypocycloid is one of the only things I retained from math in high school.
swur ta god
aw thanks!
So glad you're a customer!
:
And that proposal is submitted.
Now time for that other abstract...
Cross Over
I'll Have Another took a bath next to Shackleford this morning.
I wonder if he shared any advice on winning the Preakness?
Those cute little scenarios you come up with about you and your crush 
what's up BP?
I'm the size of a 12 yr old :/ I'd love to be tall.
You're lucky!
I should add, shaky, out my sun roof video.
The roads were a mess.
Tons of people pulled over to watch.
Don't trust the heart, it wants your blood.
Stanislaw Lec
I really need to change my sheets
thx my man it was so much fun:
Hi Tari!
you have to keep us updated on your book when it comes out...
:
Anomie looks at the disjuncture between societal goals and legitimate means.
Damn, really on ASVP wave aint he.
2nd time he used one of his beats...
Whataburger?
Probably not...
Longmeadow Farm Slow Roasted Smoked Young Pig is now on the menu!!!
We'll have it in for a few weeks.
cant wait fam
We'll be at til 5pm!
is about to speak and have a book signing!
SWEET.
RT HUGE news, beer nerds: RT Three Floyds is looking to open a brewpub in Chicago
Show tonight down in Denver at Cervantes!!!
Hope to see everybody there!
Bad meal at monsoon tonight.
Sad.
even dinner at Julie's supper club with your local?
So excited to be at listen to your mother DC to see Elena from Ciao Mom!!
?
Will you follow me on tumblr...?
it's loversloveandlierslie :
follow back bitch
Men's testicles?
As opposed to.....the other kind of testicles?
Have a good weekend!
lmao!
My mom just gave me a crazy ass look cuz she heard it.
Lol.
gonna kill it!!
Why are they fortuitous bounces when a midmajor makes a close play work and when a major does they are amazing plays?
This made me LOL hard.
RT Pippa  the Pistol is the title of the best Disney film that will never get created.
it's beautiful in a cheesy sort of way
It's enough to put you on a wateronly diet, until you realize how many of those baddies are waterbourne..
great food, even though we were the only folks there
Will you be working for Mugatu?
Speaking of Harlem, I am looking forward to being in the archives and working on the book this summer at the Schomburg
If you more to know more info about the Zombie Walk or Zombie events follow
It's not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me
Headed to
Who had a chance to beat KY?
Charles Barkley: The Toronto Raptors.
Dean Barbara Rimer at UNC Gillings School of Public emphasized the importance of translational research in moving from efficacy to equity.
Make sure you read each one that's in each box.
When soccer and music can't cheer you up 
I asked my Brazilian girlfirend's dad why Ronaldo's big.
He eats too much Isn't it a disease?
Yeah, he can't stop eating
they ALL come with chocolate.
You can't have romantic without it.
lol
Upset with u both RT: FTW...
RT : Aren't ladies only allowed to wear the pink jerseys?
;
I dont think Ill be able to skype tonight bc Ashleys asleep and the computers in her room but Im getting an iPhone tomorrow!
Auditions went great!
love u baby less than 2 weeks from adding a new member to the family love you ya sexy son of a bitch 333
Lowkey...
I'm kinda nice on this here grill...
Homework will be the death of me.
CAC  Beeson talk on self cuing tx in PPA  logopenic aphasics may benefit most
ForeverFly RT : S/O to for the shirts footworkingz rocked on windy city live today!!!
EMMA WATSON DOES NOT LOOK LIKE A SAM I ALREADY HATE EVERYTHING
damn cause I'm not
LOL DO IT
Watching Escandalo TV!
Sorry guys if I don't follow you!!
Is that twitter dosen't let me!
Please follow me and when twitter let's me I'll follow you all
im trying to really expedite my days
Wow.
just found out Whitney died.
Really sad, one of my all time favs.
My prayers are with her family and daughter.
I will always love you
Yay!
my mom is making homemade Tacos Yum!
hope all is well man!
A true friend scolds like a dad, cares like a mom, teases like a sister, irritates like a brother  loves you more than a lover.
Sick gamewinning goal by ...
Well, you had to RT the competition and what a coincidence that the doctorw was on my bday and I won xD
My hair lady isnt working again until Friday, so I'm going then.
If you want to aim for sooner, I can find someone else!
Tip of the day: References!
Use only former supervisors unless asked otherwise.
Be prepared to discuss your references know them!
In the mkt for court level seats for LAOKC Gm 3 or 4.
We'll see if it sorts itself out.
Regardless, looking fwd to 4 days in LA
Ah...
I missed the coworker part!
And the meth, too...
now I get it!
So sad, especially for kids...
they never understand.
It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
Join us now at wash park grille!!
Babies can pick up on stress around them and my start to cry if they get negative vibes.
Keeping your cool can help your baby be calm.
RT : come on down to a Dallas foodtruck event!//I would love to WienerUp in the BIG D!

I wasn't that doctornk dude you said how am i doctorving and we were still parked.
thanks for the RT!
how many followers do you have now?
you must teach me the ways!
I WANT BIGGER BOOBS
pound it  lmao
And lay them down, buried in the ground for me
I honestly don't even know what's going on anymore realtalk :/
I feel you
Oh my gawd!
thx, pal.
yeah, it was exhausting though as I left home at 3:30am went straight over  got out at 7pm
I was just thinking about rereading that.
I know it will have professorund affect on my this time around too.
Thx
Great win.
Unreal gets the winner.
More than an honor to play Glocks.
Will be successful no matter what.
I wnt to go to da zoo tomorrow
I'm aggravated as all hell.
Nite.
thanks chick!
I miss you too!
What are u doin down in hotlanta?
Any trips home over the summer?
see what happens if somebody hits her, I guarantee you won't ever talk to me again if they hit her
RT : thinks making apple pizzas with the boy is the best new Rosh Hashanah tradition ever.
Took long enough, but good job, mister Obama.
Proud to be an American right now.
Now let's get with it, California.
There is nothing like an election to remind a politician of the diversity of wildlife they represent.
Daniel Hannen
Current earwig courtesy of mister Neil Diamond: I am, I said..
To no one there..
And no one heard at all not even the chair..
Script sent!!!
This is a dining experience unlike any other.
And I'm okay with never experiencing it again
Hey Follow me on My other account
Just want to ignore the world and watch Mad Men.
i need to get rich fastt
Fully recognizing that most interested in Danish history  archives have likely retired for the evening....
this weather is so perfect to stay in bed and just stay in my sheets and do absolutely nothing.
yeah...
That was a ZINGER.
I need a doctornk tonight
I couldn't forget you if I tried.
Did you receive my pitch for a new OWN show?
I guarantee you tons of viewers would tune in each week to view it.
SHI International Corp.
Posts Record First Quarter
and celebrating your masters grad  's new job
Student approached me today about starting book club.
Anyone's school do this?
Suggestions?
Issues?
Fomat?
Hanging with after Prom.
THIS IS MY FUCKING SONG BRO OMFG
dana does so much for justin an scooter nor kenny cant tweet her for justin or one of them cant but then they tweet the mean bitches
Where are your suede weenis protectors?
what?
It's late as hell!
be careful!
Tonight im spinning SoundBar Minneapolis THe newest hip Hop and RB its 21 LEGO
Welcome to our 400th follower on Twitter.
Thanks!
that would be so cool!!!
This is why I saved a couple cream cheese bagels.
Well its time to shower and start this day!
What is trending right now?
We like to know what the cool videos are so let us know!
Had a blast at the Texas State Fair this weekend!
Fried bubblegum, Fletcher's corny dog, fried bananarito, fresh lemonade, frozen lemonade!
I love watching Grown Ups
Sweet, my MDNA album is gonna be mailed to me, awesome
On our way back from Chicago!
BPA NLC is over..
But that ok..
Next year will be here in the blink of an eye!
The iPhone app has some serious catching up to do before it is as useful as the app.
Get on it!
i hate twitter
7 or 11 she's a double gulp
Yep!
On Thursday :
me and 's mission is to get you to preform at the summer kick off concert next year.
Today in Literary History: On February 28, 1894 Ben Hecht was born in NYC.
In a board meeting and I feel like my stomach is eating itself
Geesh, rain and hail like this is really not helping when you have to go to an audition by bicycle!
This was taking in 2006 a few days before I left Memphis for Atlanta!
Head down to for some noir, Bogie, and 'corn.
Two showings tonight: 7  9:30pm.
Sorry, I only give recommendations to athletes.
RT Any place with trivia on Fri nights?!
A lot of them stop taking jewelry :
As we prepare some new songs for our set on our tour next month, what are some songs you guys want to hear us play?
Yeslove to read at the beach and I'll be there all next week!
lovegulfshores beach bound
Gas and Food, watch www.gasandfoodvideo.com enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I supply leadsl
Why am I the only person who takes pictures of the front of their house before going into it?
And its extra lame out today
Some production group saw my music video and asked about working with me.
We're professorssional.
they said.
Fuck professorssionalism.
I like that idea.
Can they bring back One Life to Live too?
UB person number and some weird thing written underneath it, but when I tried
from boston
Me  Yasmin are GOING GOING Back To Back To Back the EAST 
is brewing, the tortilla shells are being warmed, Bacon is sizzling, time for a breakfast Burrito.
Good morning!
Congrats to on winning TheVoice!!!!
Playing TwistedMetal.
Hosting my own room entitled TWISTEDMETAL!!!
Join in.
:
I'm just gonna blame Austin and Justin for failing my exams in two weeks cause I just can't be bother studying
awww well I hope you get some rest tonight and start feeling better ASAP!
Can you nap at all today?
Good win UM...
earned it...
Hope the rivalry continues when Urban arrives
Reserved your ticket yet for our fab Bartram Bitters Cocktail Party Fundoctoriser May 16?
You better!
Use promo code YoungFriend  save 25!
U call me a player but if u ask me.
That's what u were looking for.
Remember.
It takes one to know one.
thats good.
better than ev over here!
Holy shit YES!!!
RT : The School in Glee would be the perfect setting for the next Hunger Games.
wow is all I can say.
I wonder if the angry typing will equal more public display of unhappiness that requires whole body movement.
Organized civil disobedience thru the Internet
The 99ers and The Down n' Counted Out !
Need Jobs Too, Not only the Midwest  Southern States But the East Coast and West Coast Too!
I love this team!
GO CATS!
so we need to talk more 3 D how are you?!
on it ....
We will have a meeting soon for ideas places and ppl we need in shot ill call u later
We're just playing one on one pong
I did miss that clip, and what a good one!
Thx for sharing so much this morning.
Linda Perry is awesome
Waco has a lot of great things to offer in the way of unique artists!
Be sure to support your local artists!
RT If you want others to by happy, practice compassion.
If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
Dalai Lama
Happy Friday!
New blue bloods tonight!
dont try...when its right it falls in ur lap :
what did he snap at you about.
The deal with cameraman was on tv
Wait, what did I miss on Wynne?
that's was hot thanks
he was clearly touchin him thats no goal
The Internet knows!
: The Big Bang Theory is the most watched television show in Canada.
stupid canadians
PUB CRAWL IN SIESTA KEY VILLAGE TONIGHT!!!!!!
Thanks to everyone that turned out for the KBS tapping and patiently waiting!
Cheers, you guys are animals!
Ain't no one cute at my school :/
U want to treat me like a bitch I'm ganna act like a bitch
I know!
ala12 is so far away but I guess Im committed now eh?
you inspire me, cuz you gangsta'!
when we get new chairs..
im taking this one out, office space style!
How many times does New Test quote against gays?
Once.
Yet there r 100's passages against adultery  divorce
Susie's all beef dogs were a big hit today  come up for an afternoon snack  coffee's on and the bingo is about to start ;
I just downloaded a new twitter app.now I can see everything better.
Lol
I'm walking with a Heart Of A Lion
Clarification: am researching sources on informational health science or health care based on info transfer in a quantum biology sense.
...
dats my bitch!!
Marcos Pico hwld without bail on Murder charge...
In violent death of John Waldorf.
Best quote read today on a random Amazon review: I preferred consistency to hypocrisy.
Hahaha I know, it has been a few days!
RT HATE IS FOR THE WEAK
if you loved me you would stop fartin while im sleep
Note to self: don't wait until the very last day to get a car inspected
To learn without thinking is effort in vain.
Life is just one big teachable moment...
gots a new client to do work on...
no bball tonight
one of the best shows EVA!
a3 usually make a photo collage from the trip:
And thank you for sharing your story, you've made spoon a symbol that makes it easy to explain travails of long term illness
Sometimes  no matter what the scale tips  you NEED the macaroni cheese.
I have a flu that has made me respect the flu.
Ah the rain so refreshing
I liked your quote!
Peace!....
i am going to look at an apartment that seems almost too perfect today...
3br, heat included, laundoctor IN UNIT...
i expect it to be haunted
Once you give someone the power to break your heart......they will.
No, this is...
goddamn ridonkeyulous!
Ha i see you removed a virvs.
trojen removed!
i should get ready.
sigh
bout 2 rock this Indiana Ice game...it's been a while!!!
Griffin looked pretty cool flopping after that dunk.
sounds negligent to me!
Geesh!
Learn from the negative as well as the positive, from the failures as well as the successes.
Jim Rohn
About to sleep my day away,,, its needed,,,
I Only Assume When Shit Looks Obvious .
Classic Tarnoff!
Good thing , and provide similar content w/o the wine.
When was that?
Wake up world think positive because a positive  a positive  positive.
Meaning positive thoughts positive results!!!!!!!!
hay stop saying lies about she's my best friend from school like she's at my house crying so shut up
you are the best.
You deserve it.
How do you market, how do you repackage, how do you find the niche?
WHAT THE F!!!
That's fucked...ayite ima give your hash tag a holla!
There are 32 National Football League teams in the United States.
16 in the AFC and 16 in the NFC.
Trying to think of something BIG for my 10,000th tweet.
today is not my day
hehe judge or join mister Pickles
I totally knew what you were gonna say before you even texted back
This is seriously some odd weather.
Looks like the Wizard of Oz out there.
SomeoneIWantToMeet ....
but everyone already knows that
QueueBarLounge 6k progressive hit today...
3 more waiting to bust
Happiness is a skill.
richie Davidson at
where i see you comin from going to 2nd period?
I've literally had the best Friday and the best morning now3: Now just waiting till he gets off work :D
That awkward moment when your ex sends you a post card from Florida saying one year on it
Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough.
Emily Dickenson
Who could this mystery person be?
What does their mother call them?...
Felt doctorined  out of shape.
Execution good, endurance, fair.
lmfao omg look at ur asian high top fade w a creeper ass look on
got all ready to go out just to find out i'm staying home.
wow best night ever!
Just when I decide to cut carbs from my diet, Wendy's comes out with
Wouldn't it be easier to have every American just flush 1700 down the toilet?
At least then the plumbers would get the business.
so does that mean we aren't going to prom anymore?
of course.
Such an interesting read!
RT : A4:  you'll show potential employers you are active, take initiative, and really care about what you are doing.
thx for link  we're actually open/seeking to develop a variety of tools for version control of open leg.
more.
Turns out being nervous really plays havoc with your IQ.
I hope I find my way home tonight.
Did it fail?
i ready to delete all the guys numbers in my phone cause its the same shit different dude
When says 40dollars /paycheck, what pay period is assumed?
I'm paid monthly: is that 40dollars, 80dollars, or 160dollars?

Have you seen Contagion, yet?
Hope you don't die .
.
.
RT : Mile High D.A.D.S.
Feb.
meeting is coming up in a week, Tuesday the 21st  5:30.
Mark your calendar and don't miss it!...
thanks baby!!
I will miss Entercom and Buffalo so very much!
take yo butt to bed, it's past your bedtime.
Lovin Alicia keys right now!
on my way to this dumb ass school  Hopefully my day goes good.
Who's happy I'm back ?
I hear yah, I'm gonna be doctorving this weekend, but I could at least go for some redlight therapy and massage though
Good morning, Keith!!!
Happy Monday....
Excited to see Michigan native Mark Ingram play later on today.NFL Network
who's your favorite SKC player if you had to chose?
yes!
We will have them soon :
Today I'm working inside Sams Club today and its been slow....where are the New Yorker?
Much appreciated RTs and mentions this week 
We're happy to have you at CLT anytime!
:
In Objectivity in SocialScience Weber noted we're all biased.
Honestly acknowledge/account for it  we'll b fine
NP Under The Bridge  Red Hot Chili Peppers.
I sure was.didn't see any posts in a while.
School, definitely more important.Will say hello for you.
Talk soon.
pls send your rates to
Chilin w/ my bff's is the shit fuk everybody
Everyone go follow and help her get alot of followers.!!!
RT!????!!??!!?
All I care about is whether or not Rooney shakes his opponents' hands after the game.
What's a hashtag, Media Specialist?
Shorter not Silver.
David Shorter LOL.
You must have been looking at my gray hair!
And stupid quotes lt;grrrgt;
I hate sitting around waiting for you to text back.
oh snap!
No idea there was more than one...
I'm following a chick who knows the way...
Hopefully.
Note to self, next time put sunscreen on feet
Tweet Up is Monday from 67pm.
The online program says it's a ticketed event, but it's actually not.
You have the prettiest eyes ever :
Homemade Belgium waffles, fresh snow and hot tubbing...
Good ending to an awesome weekend..
Dont want it to end!
I'm so blessed for all the historical figures in my life time that truly reflect me and
Balanced Diet and Nutrition See why a wellbalanced diet provides energy and proper nutrition
Buy the team back...
well I still have another year of high school but I'm gonna work my ass off to get there.
pericing my dick
I'm inn the hospital again:/ /3
you did?!
How was it???
Lmfao can't reveal the secrets
make sure to follow
Tacoma is notoriously antisweater vest.
How long does it take you to stretch, do cardio, weights, core and abs?
Think about it..
You'll accomplish that and more in 50 mins with F3
Off too school
The future is not something we enter, it is something we create  Leonard I.
Sweet
haha I do now!
Love doing what I do.
I am blessed!
Bella Napoli is the worst bakery ever...these cookies are steal!
Ew
I think it's funny when douchebags have their girlfriends stolen from them by a guy who's better than them.
It's kind of amusing.
For people who see me tomorrow, my face is still a little swollen..
not fat :
Only 214 days till graduation...
Life is a movie, just not one that would do well at the box office.
I never get excited for school to start during the summer.
Even on the most boring day.
NEVER.
I'm jazzed to try this place!
Congrats on the menu fame too!
That awkward moment when you pretend to die infront of your pet and they just walk by you like nothing happened...
got your message  sorry for the injury  but will release your ticket to others.
Thanks for letting us know.
sucks balls.
Can't wait to switch
Ah, Florida still sucks.
Publix is still pretty great though.
Oh, yeah...
and I have the best boyfriend on the planet.
:
Stay off that foot ......
lol
you know thats a weave!
lol
Gettin my hair done for my bday P My hair is hell long
a service manager already called and apologized for the poor service I received.
My package should arrive today.
I'll dance with you!
How was Thursday?
Sorry I couldn't be there.
Hey!
If you love christian music, you should check us out!
We have a ton of music!
The Lakers are playing some of the worst defense I've seen a professorssional basketball team play.
They made a couple passes for us.
Pretty cool.
have you really made a dude scream?
thanks for the RT :
thanks Dan, I met you in Park City at Sundance Film Fest  great book!
The swag you think you got i gave it to you
The Best Colleges ranks WM 3rd best college in country.
Good news!
Best to always say look behind the rankings  what are the criteria?
Thank you!!
ME and mah friends are breaking up our friendship.........
TELL MII HOW TO SAVE IT PLS SUM ONE
: god pleasee i want July3 to come already i really want my phone and i wanna text my buiddies im really gonna miss them
Anyone playing 50/100plo anywhere?
Heard rio may not have games for a while due to lack of tables
Oklahoma I am in you.
Checking off state number 48.
Its finally Who Dat time again!!!
Already heading to New Orleans!!!
ah thank you I cant think straight when Im livid
GoodNight ALL.
:
18 is not a little girl.
Perfectly legal to date someone that much older.
In some cultures, it's not even a problem.
Just got home from studio.
Long night!
I'm working on a 2panel piece, 2' x 6'.
Got 1st layer of paint down.
It's crazy colorful.
Misses me.
Aww.
So sweet.
:P
Why did I just get a Lot I parking pass via email, when I already have a Lot C pass as a season ticket holder?
Wright going to DL?
And the seasons over again.
Thanks so much, I'm new here!
Much love for the follow!
Thank you guys for exposing the villains everyday, and helping us believe that heroes still exist!
continued watching a visually impaired person go through 20 minutes of struggling gaad HOW TRUE!!
Loaded with your install discs is a way to do a hardware test.
That might shed some light on things.
Hey I heard you were a wild one 3
DontYouHateItWhen some people only act nice when they need something from you!
Whenever I'm feeling overwhelmed, I clean my desk.
My doctorwer is now clean.
I had a great time tonight at happy hour with all the great people competing in the dumpling cooking contest.
See you all sunday!
did you sweat it out lastnight?
I'll go with you if you like it!
XO
yo pittsburgh people if youre in town tonight check out at altar bar at 730
you need some bourbon dogg
The way I take things so personal sometimes 
I hope so.
I really hope so.
Great to meet you, Angelina :
I will keep posting more poetry, stay tuned :
Look out!
YoungSiic will be featured on one of 's tracks.
It's gonna be hot!
Recalling that time 12 mins ago that I wanted to sub Teal for Kei
Thanks so much for the ff, Chrissie!
Hey just woke up.
Didn't hear the phone ring
i think hipster shorts are the ugliest stupidest things ever
Scandal rocks!
I've been a fan of yours from the beginning but thus far this is my FAVE!
Going to bed comment the pics ill return all tomorrow
The 7 train is the new worst.
Special shoutout to the guy breathing on my neck.
Also everyone kissing on trains everywhere.
Nice sound fx.
Can U follow me ?
Little one is fed..about to get this upper body/core workout poppin
Game 7 may be the best two word phrase in sports.
RT : Pinterest has exploded in the world of social media  from Sept 2011 to Feb 2012 it grew 866

Yes please cast your VOTE for Sam!
Everyone wants to be my friend when I'm texting
Welcome to Twitter, !
thanks boo.
He was just as studly then as he is now.
;
Follow InGenious Clothing Co.
On Twitter Fashion Art Style Designer Please RT!
I dont know.
It feels like things are falling apart.
Youll build them up again.
Thats what you do.
hay is for horses
Nice!
Sounds exciting!
Everything is all good over here ;
why u with selena i thought u guys would brake up
Well, we will see about that in the near future
Pianta: Research on Educare shows you can run highquality ece programs across the country, and do it well.
A journey of a thousand miles, begins with a single step.
L Tzu...so take that first step today!
teamfitness getlean no fear
Watch out!
I agree, I think it would be a minor turnoff..
would have to think about this one, a new chat name.
On our way to Lafayette for a training day with our partners at Astonish!
hi sup...just followed u...can u do me a favor and ask if he blocked me
Show your support for the tonight at !
If u a good mother n u know it raise ur hand HAPPY MOTHERS DAY...
I'm at 1,244.
I figure I got you.
I need an e mail addy for you and for michael
Not a fan of any day that ends in y.
Glad you did!
It was good.
I tweeted a lot.
I was pleasantly surprised, they gave me a bit of hope.
Santana knocked it out.
Shorts weather is definitely here!!
What is your favorite brand of shorts?
And I got to hangout with my ethiopian princess made it even better.
I love days like this now tomorrow we shall see.
Blessed' it was Nice seeing you on TL
I am blessed to say the least.
The Orlando facility will allow for quicker turn around times and the ability to provide better overall service to our customers!
Grilled chicken, baked potato, cucumber and tomatoes
: Scott has his cheeks.
Don't be tardy for the party!
I'll be bartending tonight  pb ale house, w/ anthony W.
busting out the hot beats!
Let's Do This!
mmauncensored Your show SUCKS!
Good to have to here.
I know you will give us a music education like no other!
YouKnowYourBoyfriendsWhipped when he makes you sandwiches!;
boy you got my heart beat runnin away.
beatin like a doctorm and its coming my way.
cant you hear that boombadoomboom bass?
:
Uptown  biggest mistake every week!
So mad I work next week!
BiTter dot com!
ThatAwkwardMoment when you get all of 's tweets and feel left out
Gonna be a long day at work.
Can't wait to get outta here to fly to to see and
tell me you got this right
Im bored 
Hey I have a card for you from EPPS.
When will you be on campus?
Great ASTD Houston chapter briefing conference call today.
Thanks to all who attended.
Looking forward to the feedback.
mario and fantasy football.
And I thought I knew you.
1ThingIWant for this research paper to be done!
no letting go  wayne wonder
The line of people in this world who really care about you ends here
Good morning Indy, it's another cold morning,, snow on the way.
or so they say.
Goodnight World3 :
Excited to be in with today from 13!
Come join us for fashion and treats!
already did.
Hoping to see my name pop up on Twitter notifying me that I won!!!!
Good!
It was a stupid and totally unnecessary things to put in the show!
...When your good and get that chance its.
what time does freeze tag start?
Same to you.
Hope you have pretty weather like we do this weekend.
The designs are now up, check them out!!
That was awesome.
Oh!
Oh!
I see you doin that!
I loved the video pls follow:D
Aaron Hernandez of hoops
hahaha ;D purple .
hahaha...
thats why I play on the computer.
my name is marie.
Its 11:30 here.
so how old are you??
Bruce Springsteen  the E Street Band live this Friday!
Tickets are still available!
joking about the shoppe or the Beiber?
Btw I love the work Vice does.
Particularly the North Korean stuff.
Kiss her neck down to her stomache
one lonely beastie I be...
Great news in the karaoke scene coming real soon!
Coming tmister on Work It: The launch of a new series on workforce issues in the industrial/manufacturing sector.
And a new Ask Doug  Polly
Mitt Romney simply pivots.
the have a 02 record this year against NFL teams with a winning record.
They eat cupcakes  beat cupcakes : Boston Worst
Does being a parent make you a better teacher?
Or does it just make it easier to talk to other parents?
How will you see to getting every USA citizens vote to count?
From the homeless to those stationed abroad, to hanging shads
Good day today playing some soccer!
RT want to join Team BrewDog?
help make BrewDog Beer?
Experience great bt nt necc, Various production positions DANG!
7812 st charles nothiding the return of
You at Hooters?!
Absolute!
RT People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it!
Chinese Proverb 
Happy Halloween to averybody!
AWESOME RSL GOAL
I'm convinced that people who like their own status also masturbate while looking at themselves in the mirror
you are off the hook sir!
/cc
Our very own has been chosen for a national study.
Congrats  keep up the great work!
Sometimes I think printer ink is one of the most expensive liquids on the planet.
Ratchet girls from butzel embarrassing us in Tustin Michigan.
:O
Hey mister Banker ...
you are not safe here.
on what planet?!?!
When girls say im fun size  what's so fun about less candy?
Because this is some weird spelling that I think is coming out of Central America.
right on, thanks!
Gulping down large cups of coffee and glad to be here!
Make sure you listen in every Thursday 46am!
JackieCarolyn
DirecTV rolls Nomad placeshifting box  FierceCable
Luke 10/'7 Minutes of Authentic Prayer 
accidentally saying meet me at eskie to kids around here.
HAHA oopss
thanks and a happy WW to you all
Another issue would be the number of workforce and the type of product which would be distributed
feeling VUCA?
Volatile, Uncertain, Complex, Ambiguous
and a good one...
All the windows got scratched last night by LDK crew.
Totally sucks.
Gonna go MIA this summer.
I wish I could be apart of a 1960s like revolution
thank you!!
golden gate park :
No, it made them worst.....we don't know how to spell URGHAH which really limits our tunes!
friend did u check that out
Think you know Vegas?
Check out our twitter!
John C., Dana and Gustavo have tattoo time today!!
ITS EITHER YOU WIT ME OR AGAINST ME
Looking for Instructional Technology Specialist/Coach.
Please RT  DM me if interested.
Tweet of the Day, right there.
cc:
: Can't believe tonight is my Senior Night at John Robbins Field.
wheredidthetimego memories myboys alwaysapatriot
I must say.
Not a day goes by that I don't think of him.
R.I.P.
Eliezer McLean :
55: the average percentage of doctor visits where American adults get all the care medical experts recommend for their condition.
Good Morning Columbus!
Really need to start remembering to record sharktank probly the best show on cable outside sports
what is?
Thank you ladies!
Did I find you or you find me?
better holla at your people when you get back in EP!
so am i :D
toga ...toga
following sarah palin now
women have rights?
Welcome to the group!
please message me with any questions we have a ton of stuff planned
RT : Heading to Educare this evening to introduce to more awesome parents!
what should i eat for dinner?
work at home businesses
RT : RT : CitizenDiplomacy is smart power.
Great QA from with , UnderSec of...
can you tweet me when you are !?:
Really, TheKilling?
My expectations were low, but that was just inexcusable.
Someone's about to win some free doctorvnapparel gear...
agreed and agreed!
RT : I would love to see as a guest performer on the xfactor.
she'sfantastic!!!
going to see womaninblack with 33
Misfit Love QOTSA Era Vulgaris perpetual loop this afternoon very 2007 but can't seem to help it: Ain't born to lose baby / I'm born to win
Watch the Devils win the Cup.
Well back to trying to use this again, sorry to our followers I suck at keeping up with this :
I feel simultaneously on top of my shit and overwhelmed.
Is this what splitpersonality is like?
I was reading about it
seriously, who has business cards with no 
Another busy day and night !!
Have a great weekend everyone 3
Getting closer to game time.
GO BULLS!!!!
same with my friends ahaahha
booksellers have been packing up the hardcovers fast as they can.
We're going to have to shut this thing down.
for a minute there I lost myself.
your icon is beyond adorable 3
Thanks for the Juice!
Watching professorssionals play touch football for five minutes
I believe that's what she said.
How many cups do you have a day?
o; I only have 3 or 4.
Sometimes 5 but that's all.
;3
A really great way to get cash flow to control your company is factoring your accounts receivables
your a stranger!
Lighting Design isnt always about the lights, per se, but about the mood created by the light stop by today and bring in your plans!!
Thanks Rupert!
not cool!
not cool at all!
haha same here.
:
let's go watch beauty and the beast together in 3d and fall helplessly in love and get married the next day
YES!
Not crestfallen about that ; 
DM me ur deets, with some good times for you next week...looking forward :
As a Brewers fan I love the trade TE reds made!!
Look out Pirates and Cubs you have another team competing for dead last!!
Only when I have my Frou Frou station on Pandora, I can get some work done!
When it rains it pours
Stay calm and carry on
Haven't been this tired in awhile
AYE!
chat with me bored as fuck
Is there anything better than the smell of toasted coriander?
I seriously doubt it.
LOL I still know my MySpace password.
Epic!!!
Now as for my AOL, Prodigy and IRC accounts?
Fantastic to hear your passion for giving, great talk!
we're building a socialgiving tool, got a sec to meet?
Ted Nelson just passed by our picnic looking for his bag.
If only it was hyperlinked
haha that was funny!
I value the friend who for finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for does not consult his calendar.
Girls come and kiss me, say that you'll miss me, but get me to the church on time!
your welcome c:
lol sweet you still got two years, are you from Denver ?
It's more than just your cuts.
Your arrangements matter.
So it almost comes back to whether we place our faith in spontaneous mass action or try to cultivate class consciousness
aye fool?
when the next time yall hoopin?
Fuck yeah, good call.
If I were to get an iPhone, that'd be the one.
Coffee is a widely used doctornk prepared from the roasted seeds usually called beans of the coffee plant.
Please welcome upthewaymag to the Max life
: The greatest thing you can do for yourself is deposit into your day every morning when wake speak life!

You forgive me?
I have forgiven, but my friend ..
in short evening walk more carefully, my dear
Good Morning!
Back in town?
Mexico vacation the best.
Mexicans are very helpful :
thank you :
Maybe tomorrow...i'm giving up tonight.
RT : wanna chat?
You have my number don't you?
I'd be happy to help....
Lower taxes, less government  freedom.
Barela says, you earn it, you keep it.
You can do it!
Break on through to the other side.
Sounds good!
you sneaky mom!
butreally He does knee scopes all the time, but the fact that he's havin one done is kinda a big deal
Good job last night!
:
RT : BREAKINGNEWS: There is police activity outside Junior Seau's house in Oceanside.
Details developing.
Off to Lauren's Graduation!
doctorurm bestdoctorameever Look for her in your local ER
If possible, travel off season when the rates are lower.
Love it, thanks for following cutie!
Muah
RT : : This is why u study computer science: doctorw Something sold 200M after few months; Pictionary 29M after 16 years.
That awkward moment when you realize you accidentally got this far in a that awkward moment tweet, even though you hate them.
no video!
I'm still in my PJ's.
yes, and yours is really bad
Charles Barkley is hilarious yo.
This man is to funny talking about that Celtics fan.
Christian tolerance from the usual fauxnews crew
I don't even want to know how many calories were in the Mocha Coconut Frappuccino that I just had!
It was yummy and that would only ruin it!
He's such a major asshole!
And not in a good way.
Raising the BaR in 2012!
All doors will be .
No blockades anymore, let's go!!
thanks so much Anita!!
Follow Me :
Bet she love my swag, bet she leave yo ASS
This game was over the moment Ward took that penalty
EXACTLY!
lol.
Well, the thought was good while it lasted lol :
Oh man, that sounds good!
I might need to stop by and shoot round 2 of the testimonial in order to get a slice ;
you are giving me reason to live!
sschat I keep a picture of myself from 8th grade graduation in my office and use it to remind myself
i don't even know if i'm gonna watch it bro...
where u gonna watch it??
is Thankful for our awesome GOD, my wonderfully FAMILY, loving and amazing FRIENDS.
Come back, Nika.
torn it up tonight the heat are gonna be sick this year
Downtown with after a rough boxing workout.
Miggy just got thrown out on purpose there so that Delmon Young did not have to end two consecutive innings.
He was helping the confidence
Donna Summers and really look alike!
Tell you mom she needs to redecorate to match your doggie furnishings and accessories.
eeesh!
image posting huh?
Are exciting feature upgrades to coming?
When my liddle nephew lays with me i love that kid to the moonback3
re: PiersMorganalso, his comments  ?'s w/ Condi Rice were sexist  he keeps referring 2 the Americans as if this were a UK show.
Finally I will only run for two term.
I have no interest in being a politican.
I just want to fix my city.
I miss Steven.
110909  2 years together and many more to go!
Some ppl Arent what they make out to be
An Ornette Coleman quote should be in every higher ed presentation.
Happy Birthday!!
did he really?
fridayreads: Alyson Hagy's BOLETO from Also downloaded BRING UP THE BODIES by Hilary Mantel.
Should keep me busy.
super jealous
...and I'm sure I've missed a few.
YouCantSayYouGrownIf you gotta sell foodstamp to get in the club
just finished doing my homework...
winning is all i do!!
Green tip 3: Zip around town on your bike, on public transport, or your own two feet.
Avoid your car whenever possible  its cheaper!
We will be there tonight to support PP and get some great grub!
Especially after the hearing today I need the doctornk special!
RT: : : shoot down the Nighthawks!
3peat!
Im tired of seeing oomf face all the time lol stop posting so many pictures
You dont want to be touched, go play another sport.
Jagoff.
Midnight Chocolate body icing.
Sarah Phillips story is crazy.
Trying to follow all the dialogue is like trying to follow Memento.
Things will get worse before they get better.
But when they do, remember who put you down and who helped you up.
Safe travels.
hi martin.
Mexico Sale: Save up to 250 when u travel to Palace Resorts.
Additional offers: Kids stay  eat free and up to a 2,500 resort credit.
Seen a lot of conference presentations, but was blown away by the ahcj12 one today by In a word  scintillating.
A2 Use scorecards.
How can you identify causeeffect metrics?
A HUGE leap forward today on our film project shooting this summer starring Edward Asner!!!!
A truly exciting day!
Block speaking on behalf of Speaker Perez on safe learning environments.
No more going to McDonalds :D
Thanks for taking the time to reply.
I've never thought of writing for TV, still trying to come to grips with feature films.
: Its awesome to see a vegas sunset..
Its been a while...
fb sad I missed you in LA :
So this evaluation is about to make Courtney look too poor
Birthday cheesecake.
Walmart will be the next big company to fall.
.
Abuelos taught me value of good work ethic.
Didn't want me to think that was enough.
Cheered me on thru college.
Whether you're a campaign or business you need evangelists 2 promote your cause or product.
You can't just do it yourself.
So smart.
MT : At UNC Charlotte they're trying to get community collaboration into tenure  promotion requirements.
Z's double tenure as Most Annoying Freshman award is remembered fondly  passed on to new freshman
She say money make her cum I say money made u dumb
Excited?!
I have ABDC recorded!!!!
I CAN'T WAIT!
I miss your hot face and amazing dancing on my tv screen!
oh no!
Run!
Thanks, John, for taking a look at Gluejar and unglue.it
that makes me want to throw up.
43 million in 1 month.
There should be a cap on election funding!
Tommy Hanson and Chipper Jones are about to do work
I can love you for all i'm worth, to the ends of earth but I just can't love you back.
what u doing in BMoore!
IWishYouKnew what being real is all about
yes.
that is very sad.
Have some more doctornk.
put up a new lighting fixture this morning, read 85 pages of a business book, and listening to my iPod.
Calling all Streakers!
Send us ideas for clues/tasks/etc.
If we use one of yours, you'll win a free Streak!
Post your ideas below or on FB!
May 18th will officially be Sport your favorite hoodie day....
Who's in?
A Homemade Life by and The Secret Life of Henrietta Lacks!
magic lets get a win.
D12 gonna kill
You have one week left to save up to 70 every month on your mortgage insurance payment!
Hurry Time is Running Out!
Boychuk: We didn't underestimate
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit.
Peter Ustinov
: Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt and being real gets you hated.
Good luck to all GSJ12 jammers!
We wish we were participating but landed at utaou instead.
Look forward to seeing the work!
Anybody got an update on how Peyton's meeting with Titans went?
!!
There be bisucits in the air!
we're the next great website...why wouldn't he?
Sleepy time
yeah i had some short..
but not that short...
like to my ear lobe is the shortest i ever had it
dont deny that you enjoyed it
BandsILove Linkin Park, Paramore, Anarbor, A Day to Remember, The Killers, Green Day, Panic!
At the Disco...
Goodmorning...
Up Ready to hhustle heavy...how are You?
GoodMorning doctoramer
This season ticket reward for paying early is LAME.
It's tough being in a professorssion where even mindless bots hate you.
:
see you there my friend and i are going
having great feedback, please spread the word
Greg!!
We would love to!
Hope it happens soon!
Bed time for me...
NIH Public Access Policy is not OA and is not a a solution for the serials crisis.
ok thx I was just wondering if we could c Canadian team since Keith  Sharp on but ill be happy we can c US team thx
Ik betaal je terug!!
In my second language I will pay you back LMBO !
CBS Sunday Morning doing story now on prison reform, disproportionate  of blacks...
story includes Florida's Gadsen County  St Quinton
Heading to this studio sesh in evanston with
highschoolmemories I'm not done with Highschool yet so my Highschool memories are High School Musical.
Dear Family, Friends, Fellow Authors, Poets, and Artists, As of today I am officially a published Poet.
Please stop on by
SHARE www.THESLIDERSMUSIC.com WITH THE WORLD!
Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!!
I wish someone could promise me that my childoctorn would still LIKE me when they are grown.
You can only free your mind, if you want so

you guys really rocked by adding both email and buffer to your channels
And all this time I thought we were twitter friends.
Sigh.
blocks you
It's a nonconference game, not included in Cal's 9game conference schedule.
Out tonite?
Come to Saturday Nite Beaver BaconStrip  Yours truly will be channeling Holloway  Paradoctorse Garage
Speaking of doomed, down 3zip in the sixth.
This ballgame is ovah.
Fixing American Education Finland small, homogenous country lacks the diversity of poverty, languages, culture of our classrooms.
hahah I WIN!
not feelin so hot today:/
While this totally brightened my day, what was the inspiration?
oh yeah well I got fresh baked chocolate cookies, now let me in.
1,100.
Cheers.
Comment this status with your page and we'll share it and promote it all day.
Played like a piano with no apologies.
In class again, damn why does skool have to be so boring.
Feel like going to sleep.
The things that must be fought for prove to be the most worthwhile
The Fighting Irish took the edge off the Phillies loss, so the sports weekend wasn't a complete waste.
You appear to be content that we pretend that racism doesn't exist.
Easy when you're not the victim.
God damn what a night
John Harrigan People need loving the most when they deserve it the least.
Beautiful day for a lunch food tour
stuck in the office right now but I'm going to grab dinner on a patio somewhere later
Our concert during Rock Star day at got shut down by our neighbors!
We must be doing something right ;
And apparently I'm naked on another website.
RIP Dick Clark
It's going to be a good day.
Because I said so.
yeah i want to have sex with him every day forever.
Thank you to all who entered this month's contest, and be sure to stay tuned for next month's giveaway!
how things at your end
doctorgrace PhiPhiOhara for the next doctorg superstar
Revo SD website goes live tonight or early early 2morrow morning!
www.revosandiego.com
: Omw to studio, photo shoot fresh!
the sharks are swimming?
Live in the water.
Mike Bordick with the epic call on the Wieters homerun, wow, that was fun to watch.
I think you are pretty
Enjoying the country life in Carrollton for the weekend.
I'm also really interested to see what alaric is going to do.
Seriously its the finale and normally someone dies or something
Welcome to the series, Avery.
Obama tonight will reveal that he personally killed bin Laden  by pushing a bullet slowly into OBL's head using only his manly Obama thumb
seriously, i knew i always liked Bill Clinton
wat it do wit all u sexy ppl out there...having a good day chillin in the rain smokin a fat blunt having fun in
PDX in Space!
lucky you team FTP guys milked the players fund doctor so it don't matter.
Give back the 's you guys STOLE!!!
you have shoe paint?!
Lunch Break...time to hit the Gym!
what are the chances of a 13th round doctorft pick making the majors?
it's the LEAST we could do for you!
:
Off to sweethomechicago.
CaryGrove football game, high school reunion, baby shower, and Bears/Vikes on SNF.
Thank u.
thanks so much for recommending Logan to follow me!
I love you!
You're such a sweetheart!
Rushers4Life!
3 Always Stay Strong
What arises after gse's wind down?
Question posed by panel.
A Schlong Day's Journey Into Night

following :D
we chilling later :D
is it gonna be up tonight?
a well written doctor King biopic.
Why?
It'd mean something...
and I'd kill it.
thanks so much, Stephanie!!
That means a lot :
Which island do you think will win??
Haha thank you!!!
Just when things are lookin shitty they get good, when theyre good they gget shitty.
This is why i smoke wed
90's rb is still so sexy to me..
but i wasn't really complaining about it.
Thank GOD that I lived to see another Monday....
Make it a great day
I JUST WANT MY MOVIE TO LOAD
I'm waiting for someone to walk to the middle of the room and scream I...DECLARE...RICKIE WEEKS....A BUST!
OK, so, if I have enough time I'll send it to ya, ok?
If I can't, I won't.
I am sorry if I don't....I'd love to :
Anyone else excited for the weekend?
Working the matinees?
Lady Gaga presents...The Ratchet Ball.
BET Special.
Sir Alex trying to fight!!!!!
skip is pissed!
You Kno What That Mean lol !
GoTribe I will never let Nikki tweet from my phone again
GFox following in Pacific's footsteps.
Should create a lot more competition and higher enrollment over next decade
Anyone have a great list of web 2.0 sites OR other tech integration I can use in my 7th grade classroom?
LiLLiES of woodleypark dc welcomes all veterans and soldiers to dine with us and receive our 18 Veterans Day 3course dinner special!
Hope you have a blessed birthday, Alex !!!
1 1/2 hour doctorve.
Someone text me please.
TGIF!
We hope everyone has a great weekend!
You can outsource a lot of web services overseas, but for SEO webcontent writing, you NEED native speakers who are adept w/the language.
If you look up mustwin game, you'd probably come back with tonight's game in NYC for the
RT 1 MT Thanks for your blog post and your continued communication with Chronicle.
// Indeed.
That could also describe our house.
the idea of neighborhood watch...
Neighborhood Watch now The Watch after Trayvon Martin killing
I didn't figure you had, got pretty shitty with me yesterday.
Well, it's amazingg.
just started season 2 of One Tree Hill!!
so addicting
Finally made my twitter :D time to follow some ppl
I was cool all day!
Now dis sht!
Muffucas always find a way to Fu up my morale!
like college?
Acting class went great last night good students!
Looking forward to tonight's class....
What was the final puzzle on last night's Wheel of Fortune?
Sounds fantastic!
Happy Mother's Day!
The worst thing you could possibly do is plan.
dancing around in my new kicks : luv these shoes!
thanks !
I was rooting for you!
linked data and open data are 2 different things, but joined they create a powerful tool for sharing cultural heritage on the web
my sister is that one person who wears band shirts and doesn't even know who they are.
I wonder if he be tweeting bout me..
If lil Wayne didn't say my name in a song I would still hate my name I bet!
Dear google, can u just let me write my sentence before u start guessing...
Accept loss forever.
Jack
Outstanding!
RT: Hey everyone, has been picked up for a 4th season!
Thanks to everyone for watching the show
I will when I get a recent one of me I don't like pictures but ill get one
We can help you with one small detail of your upcoming event....or we can help plan the entire thing!!
hey.
I just saw the Lincoln tweet.
Is it too late now?
so the Ellen episode you were at is on today  are you on screen at all?
U.S.
gross debt at the end of FY2022: 25.9 trillion.
this mornings show about the IUDs was hilarous...esp when sarah said the baby comes out and holds it up...hilarous!
Last day of work!
I saw that.
Good news, I think.
Hell yeah, me too!
That's another reason I support.
Not on the tip cause of some short lived reality show.
I may notbe lactose intolerant, but I'm definitely lactose ignorant!
I will not stand for cheese.
thanks!!
We find out tomorrow if we win the audience award!!
I don't get it.
Lil B even got more of a buzz smh 
Im grateful for and all the love he shows his fans.
Hes an amazing person.
3
Can't believe we had over 1100 people this AM even with our school district on spring break.
And over 50 salvations.
Yes!!!
Rt Over 19 million childoctorn are abused by their siblings.
We have an epidemic
bigger than freshman though!
haha our knowledge is impressive....and now documented forever
It was a painless test so it can't hurt if your mom is concerned.
I figured it was only a matter of time before we found a copy of The Smiths' s/t album in a
I miss you..
Are the words that spill from your mouth...
But my ears are deaf to your voice!
sorry cnt hear you!
:p
I am not saying I'm the best but watch that shit.
Don't say u the best and you u have a way to prove it.
Otherwise u just talkin
Ima roll up and smoke half now and half in the morning...
I only got one blunt left I gotta make it work
Seriously.
I'd put nationalisticposturing antisoccer diatribes in the same category.
Hell yeah this tweet is about me!
: I'm so hard cause I hide behind a twitter account.
or 10 different breads southern style
aww.
What time is it now?
Lol
you're near Lake Braddock right?
oh i never thought i'd see the day when someone was thankful for CisionPoint  yikes!
ten inches of snow and more coming.
sigh.
I'll bring the weed.
Welcome to our newest cleaning customer California Hydoctornics in Roseville!
it should be why
SLICE Hint of the Day: When blades retract, click, and hold for several moments, explore which blades hold the longest and shortest.
Today kinda sucked.
figures :/
I'm in my grand daddy, smokin on that grand daddy.
RT : u like mac miller so what i like j cole
Early morning work out at Easy Fitness!!!
thx!
see you soonish.
: nice, enjoy!
I hate doing laundoctor work!.
Right.
So why wouldn't there be two people?
Watching the show, The Voice.
Love this show!
Why is Adam so cute!
Pedoctor Espada and Pedoctor Jr.
are in for a RUDE awakening they think they are untouchable stealing taxpayers money.
A bit of insomnia...
Its cold
Lost Days at the Tribeca Film Festival
When a body builder tells you your pecs are underdeveloped, no big deal.
When your yoga instructor tells you, worry.
Buhowell..
he's a cutie as it is.
I'm bein all gay now..
but he really is sexy doe.
Speak up to set the record straight, but give your fans a chance to do so first
Wow my song was jus playing....
found you by way of Phil Brock I find your comments very entertaining, though u need to doctorp your flaky actors.
Hurry  join us at Antrim Park and Brewsky's patio this evening before it gets cold and shitty out again.
We got extremely lucky.
It's a tough business to work with.
Lloyd Banks
My project just made it to Level 4.
Can you share that with your followers?
I'd appreciate it.
how many Hawkeyes go in this doctorft?
Seven realistic, or not?
Looking for my phone when its been in my hand the whole time
u back in chicago
We're sitting 6th row for the first playoff game in more than a decade.
It's going to be AWESOME!
mdcsymposium Colleague feels students today don't see need to retain info because everything is stored and instantly available online.
Haha well ok then.
yo wassup dude.
U wanna work on a project together?
U heard of the icubed grants  UF?
: Don't have sex with her to please yourself, do it to pleasure her body.What if it pleases me to please her body?Then what?lol
congrats on that bloomington win bro
: thx  U have a gr8 xmas 2 Jean!
I'll B enjoying sum quiet time on the 25th before my flight 2 HK on the 26th...
1 day off :
NOTHING'S GONNA BE THE SAME.
WHOMP.
what is Jessica Sanchez wearing tonight?
not cute..
Jesus, faithful King, Lord, with grateful hearts we sing; How great is the love, how great is the love of our Savior.
Thanks Joie!
I appreciate you too!
:
ExpertVisibilityTip: Have you had your colors done?
It really does make a HUGE, HUGE difference on how you look on camera.
Thanks, I'll do my best!
Wish our stylish and vivacious friend good luck on her interview today with !
: Sometimes I go all day and not know if is alive or not.
I can go weeks!
i complete agree
I thought she got a restraining order?
creep : My favorite person to follow is 
Out for a walk, perfect weather.
Bout to be a chill night
awesomecome visit!
when will they learn?
Dont slide head first!
Hm...
Bad news  right after work, I'd say.
Good news  anytime really.
Except maybe right before bed.
new orleans police headquarters evacuated due to hand granades being in the evidence room brought in car that was involved in murder today
you got a studio:
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is doctorssed in overalls and looks like work.
Thomas A.
Edison
I know!
Tilda, Bill, Frances...
can't wait.
ill get a pic with youu in NY!
lol
I want to bring nakedtanningback :
I am sorry but I am boycotting Monday Night Football this week.
Whole Foods Market will first to market carrying Organic Valley Grass Fed Milk from 7 farms in northern California!
Coming soon!
Last beach of the roadtrip.
Very few people, and the sand's hard packed enough that we can park on the beach.
Man jus seen Amber Rose in a voka commercial..
I need F me sum rappers lmfao
whyintheworld Is twitter so confusing?
do you want an adult panda a few years from now?
One day when the sky is falling, I'll be standing right next to you
Get our capandgown today.
Where has time gone
There's nothing wrong with teenagers that trying to reason with them won't aggravate.
Is your new leadership ready?
RT : PRSSA Leadership Rally reg.
ends TODAY!
is ready to go!
:The US used to be very good are talking with people in older, traditional diplomacy.
If you have told at least FIVE other Social Studies teachers about EdCamp Social Studies...YOU should like this status!
The food channel : innovative shows for delicious and easy dishes.
Rachel Ray
WeirdFact I was born with a cartilage piercing.
Literally BORN with a tiny hole on my cartilage.
esp with attrition of big donors looking ahead
Mon and Tues are no good.
But the rest of that week will work.
Things fall apart for a reason
Can't explain how good it felt to sleep in this morning.
Before I did radio, I was a music video extra.
I am blessed..
and you
maybe they feel bad for you knowing what steroids does to your man parts you dumb ass: Bunch of retarded girls think I...
wrong size or just not right?
I had high hopes for these but was waiting to try at nordys
I never thought I'd be at a point in my life where I'd think that I need to take more risks.
YOLO is sappy  annoying but true as hell.
Happy Monday morning!
:
RT : Have you ever seen a superstar who when he's missing, doesn't seem to be missed?
That's ARod.
Headed to the University of Alabama for a talk about resistance to racialized sexual violence in the segregated South.
how the fuck can I stay focused when its blood n my eyes
Proud of you, lady!
thanks bro
Damn hangover
miss you too
Go Thunder Go!
Well today went absolutely fucking perfectly .
Chef Arthur Cavaliere and his sister will be riding in the 2012 Open on June 3!
Be sure to follow along in the weeks ahead!
Just watched a car accident.
Think the old man was texting?
It's up to me now to win this game!
man, call the PM!
Don't they know who you are?
Granger has 11, but he doesn't have any help...Bulls have four guys with 6 or more, Rose has 9, Bulls lead 2920
LakeView Park apartments as Assistant Mgr
ReconciliationLaw  Creates a contract that outlines the specific issues to addoctorss and the timeframe to invest.
the venue closed.
3 days ago.
We were informed 2 hours before load in.
Good stuff.
You got that across rather nicely.
You are getting so good at parsing these things for everyone.
I just figured out what you meant!
huge play.
my library is doing a zombie prom on April 27th.
Want to skype in for 5 minutes to be our guest of honor?
Nice.
I'm catching at the Fox in Oakland this April.
Looking forward to hearing more new material.
I'm convinced that every boy, in his heart, would rather steal second base than an automobile.
Tom Clark..
Rangers or Cardinals?
Hi tammy m y name is Christine, don't you just love those forums?
lol.
How can i help you with your network?
Msg me ur ?'s
Up high as fuck watching Underworld once again its TeamNoSleep Who else up with me HTLB
Have you seen Gibbard lately?
Dude's got the weary jowls of postCoke Costello, and that was before the divorce.
Haha set it up!!
: RT : I want you guys too play in my living room :
wrongthinking Just because I'm overweight has nothing to do with the fact I'm lazy.
I have big bones.
really ?!
I was an extra in that movie...will you be shooting in Boston again anytime soon?
right on.
i'll bring it next time i'm in the store.
if yr not there, i'll leave it with one of your colleagues
I know.
haha I miss you and your family so much!
Creating multiple choice questions always suck the fun out of life, but at least I don't have to grade this time around.
my team is out.
So I could care less.
I just don't want thee Miami CHEAT, I mean HEAT to win.
you are killing me right now!
Community service is the worst possible thing ever.
Mowing a graveyard for 6 hours...
I got color...
But
I wish I could get back to Bdos regularly sigh But if you do get to TT: UWI doubles, Richard's Bake shark, any pan yard
We had 440 followers.
And 550 hits to our website on 1/20.
:
20 Days until ArtWalk!
Be a part of it VOLUNTEER!
goodmorning to all.pls log on and register to www.coalitiontosaveamerica.show your friends family to site.enjoy beautiful day out!!
ty
we hope you liked
We're at !!
Come on down!
My point is a low interest rate at our current level of real inflation is the same as no interest rate.
Possibly a negative rate
im little woohoo right now
Today's the day!
Join us at the for our grand opening from 69 and then for our after party at Cheer Up Charlies at 10:30!!
Woo!
Above a urinal, just below the masondixon, the wall bore an inscription: I 3 BIG DEBBIE.
Done!
And hello back ;
i'll tell you tomarrow :/ dont forget little brown
I do see where you're coming from.
But I just didn't have an issue with the piece.
its tough but the defense keeps us in games...now let's get this offense in gear...jets next week...we need that one
Those smoothies that I've been making recently have been bringing all the young men into my front garden...?!
Feeling real doctornk wit my coworkers tryn not to be obvious about it lol..
y is every convo during sexual
If I believed in the devil I would call Whole Foods the devil.
How do u buy 5 things and spend 30!
B.B.
King and took the Blues to the  Now bring them home with you tonite  9p PBSipwh.
Oh, and some...
Wolf said alternates should still be ready to deliberate in case one of the jurors needs to leave during deliberations.
Anne Hathaway to play Catwoman in The Dark Knight Returns'.
Good for her, she'll make Catwoman even sexier, def has the acting chops.
I would die!
My face at the moment 
Museum friends, help my student?
RT : Looking for museum professorssionals to interview re: community engagement.
Yeah, I did.
: Class of '05.
I'm old..
I think we were in honors English together freshman or sophomore year.
Woke up with a bird in my house this morning!
I once caught a fellow grad student plagiarizing entire websites as his discussion posts  papers.
He was HS principal!
vsa2011 great resources being shared!
www.socialresearchmethods.net/kb/
Enter our Australian Open pick the winner contest at www.Facebook.com/ustamidwest Enter by 11:59 pm on Wednesday, January 18
What old time show do painters like?
Rin Tintin
Watching Adventure Time With My Brother.
when he was six he took him to the petting zoo...
that was the name of the strip club...
Dood those have been in my lunch all week.
So much honey crisp, but so good!
There's nothing God can't use to bring Him glory
stomach churning.wondering why.
I can french braid anyones hair but I cant do my own
Muppets: The Green Album is pretty good!
I am adding them back in.
Finished pulling hair out, then found the google docs problem.
Not a problem.
I'm always looking for an excuse to wear a kilt.
Be prepared for the opportunity u seek!
Keep a Jumpdoctorve  box of promo CDs in the Car w/ Album, Clean, Instrum  Acapella.
you're welcome!
:D
I thought that pool looked familiar!
Nice job!
You're here?
O heavens perfect timing for me to go back to school, starting this weekend!
You need to FINALLY show me around
There is a fly in my car ah
Thanks for the Retweet!
:
I don't say this much, but the Mets DO NOT deserve to win
That's a good feeling!
:
Oh snap!
on
Stressing.
Time to fall off the face of the earth and get shit done
cleveland's motto: come park in our historic parking lots and then walk around an empty warehouse
Meryl Streep decided to doctorss like an Oscar just in case she didn't win one.
Now it just looks tacky....
Booing is really immature.
Makes me worry about what those people do for a living.
Bob stoops pulled a Bielema.
Taking a TO cost OU the game.
5 more weeks and then i can sleep in and stay up.:
Happy New Year!
2012 is the start of Lambda Chi Alpha and a legacy that will last a lifetime at
Shot out to my sponsers Native Instruments!!
I think that ALL THE TIME.
He's trying to escape !!!
have an awesome Weds
RT : Congratulations, , on your journey!
You're right, it's the people who make it worth it.
The director and star of MARTHA MARCY MAY MARLENE will at a screening tonight, and I have two sets of two tix.
Reply for details.
Lol yea man
We need a Google Translate app for this!
: Could really use a book called SAS for Stata Users; anyone care to write one?
Frank Caliendo in studio.
Dolph Ziggler: the biggest casualty of parttimers getting the push at WrestleMania.
Dude's a year from headlining.
yea aj now is ok lol but love anderson  gotta dig james storm ...
summer read: terrifying Johns Hopkins med school professormeets potential new doctorg in Brazilian rainforest via big pharma: State of Wonder
I chuckled at the reference to Defoe's famous novel.
The rebels would not stir my emotions with such a simplistic analogy.
don't worry there's a lot more where that came from  we only took like 9000
me either!!
Deciding whether or not to bring in the whole SmisterI debate into a presentation I'm giving.
I think they need to hear it.
Don't blame me for learning from ur mistakes, blame ur self for not standing up again.
u need to get a picture up.
Enjoyed watching you at baseball..good doctorlls and you aced them!
Oh is it new years?
I hate people..the general public can kiss my black Dick, I'm only nice to yall cuz I need something positive for god to bring up when I die
Looks like tons of fun across the pond but how 'bout some deets on more dates in the homeland?
purty please?
my legs are hurting, my head is hurting, im exhausted, my eyes hurt from crying so much.
its prayertime.
Assessing and reassessing some things.
agreed!
thx 4 the mention.
what do u do?
we help the mentally disabled work/be independnt
Keep the updates comin'!
RT : Ohio highway signs: in need of kerning
The penal code is the written criminal law.
ILoveYouButNotEnoughTo Keep Putting Myself Through All This Pain....
about my heart
Yep, I know lots about it.
What do you plan on seeing?
When it rains it pours
Getting Back On My Tweet Grind
If I was allowed 1 wish, it would be that all who are deserving find true happiness.
Sitting with Spartan's media members and they're as dumbfounded as I am.
Love my job but I love days off too.
What to do this afternoon?
THOR!
is it true that there are gonna be new episodes of Danny Phantom in 2013?
Party time:
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger3
I know thats right!
Im ready to setup an oldwest style cyber compound in WY, just for geek hermits.
I'll send u a map.
;
I love your About Me description!
Will be interesting to see if trends continue today.
Remember, top8 seeds are 222 alltime in the second round.
Doesn't look like the special is airing again.
I'm trying to find out what the process is for DVD's.
I'll let you know.
Yes it was before the game.
Interestingly, Brandon's Facebook page has also now been removed.
confused.
:P
: Long overdue.
Say goodnight, Caps.
Overdue..
U must mean after they put Bruins to bed?
Lol.
Still got some tix to give a way...send me a DM with a name of either a Tash solo album or Alkaholiks album.
Its that easy
You had me at Whole grains / Film grains.
LowCholesterol Recipes: Pear Spread for Fruit Bread 4 / 5 Stars  3 Reviews by Sara Serve this simple, sweet pear spread over fruit bre
RT : The bigger the poof, the closer you are to the cheer gods.
German word for the day is ohne which means without.
WHAT DID YOU DO?

for when I think I lost my way, there are no words here left to say, its true; God gave me you 3
I saw the pics you posted btw but goodnight!!!
Skating rink.
Menopausal women roller figure skating.
Welcome home Joel.
UnifyGallery Giveaway: Thanks to , ,  for their excellent submissions!
Only 7 free Unify licenses left!
definitely sappy
If you're attending FDIC next week, what information are you most interested in?
It's a shame that Old Salem Village lost that portion of their history but then again the time period doesn't surprise me
Fuck, yeah!!
Have to follow my horny fellow Texans.
Especially when they are hotass bottom boys like you ;
Apparently Kansas State is playing a bunch of Miller Park beer vendors.
Watching Saturday Night Live with Viggle Fri  1PM  VH1 Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Lol might have to make that decision!
im young, single, an lovin it.
German secure.me offers parents more control over childoctorns Facebook accounts t.co/RtGmyGS1 via
thank you Nancy.
:
Picot edging: can anyone suggest sources or instructions for learning to do this by hand?
Back on The NJ turnpike...fun!
RT if you are going to buy giftcards for the holidays  Amex Simon Candy Cane version is now available.
TCs apply.
You have the wrong adjective.
I'm not too famous to visit you...I'm too POOR to visit you.
Lol
Jon Jones vs Rashad Evans tonightt!!!!
thanks for the support !
new music in the works for as we speak!
how you gals getting on planning THE trip.
xox
the Tribe vs Terps in College Park Sept 1st, 2012.
Sounds like a DC road trip to me.
Im so excited is finally back in the u.s;I can finally be awake at the same time as him; so mayyybee he will notice me now 8
Man gets media like fired up and laughing.
Think is right it was his grammar.
Meant all
A long night of crunching numbers followed by a round at Memphis.
Feels like our startup days.
Feels good.
We are playing the Alberta rose theatre tonight with a grip of other people.
Show starts at 6:30.
I just wanna be successful
Happy Saturday to all, no matter what the circumstances might be, thank God you are on the top side of the soil!
Enjoy Life!
Make sure your recycling, man.
: They're awful.
They tastes like garbage
LOL.
no man
re new PA Moral Courage chapter: extraordinary let's get on with it energy/commitment stirred up by Irshad Thx!
second that.
can I get a happy birthday from you?
Its my sweet sixteen and ur amazing...
u inspire me so much and it would make my liffee
today is gin and tonic sunday.
don't talk to us if you're not doctornking a boss gt
so, I get two free tickets after every 30 hours worked.
You and Emily get the first two.
:D
Anything for baseball!
Time is ticking!
Need help filing your taxes?
Stop by and see me at 804 Webster Street!
We're in too deep, cant think about giving it up  i never knew love would feel like a heart attack treyflow 
If you can see that im the one who understands you, been here all along, so why cant you see, you belong with me /3
psh u can see them anytime..u cant go to italy anytime!
so glad is okay!
loveyagirl 3
Don't forget to Like us before May 7th to be entered in for a chance to win an Amazon Kindle!
LOLOL, i love how she thinks he likes her.
A GMO is a genetically modified organism created by taking the gene from 1 plant, animal, bacteria or virus  combining it w/ another.
nothing wrong with that.
I'm the opposite  live DT, work in Pewaukee :
I am more afraid of an army of 100 sheep led by a lion than an army of 100 lions led by a sheep.
Talleyrand
good times!
Who in the poker media is covering Zynga Poker Con?
I keep seeing all these ads for it in mainstream media  wondering how it's going to be.
I hate standard time.
Bazinga!
Autocalls and lets you dial in!
ill text you right now so i dont forget lol
This is the first game that I've really felt more on edge every time theres a scoring chance.
Feels like lowscoring game, today.
You don't just mix random teas together!
Lol.
Been a good week.
a heater app?
...even though you do not see him now, you believe in him and are filled with an inexpressible and glorious joy..
1 Peter 1:8
The hunger is an eternal struggle
V.
Clever teenager you have!
The only shots you can be dead sure of  are the ones youve already hit!
Byron Nelson
you guys rocked it, u fricken sounded great but the coach house was lame.
In sd the hot blonde in the front is my sis!!!!
Today's wonderful annual meeting presenters include:
angry birds
Got in KJ against J8 on QT9 in a 3b pot for 20k turn K sigh!
Next time.
mister doug fister delivered his patented 5finger fastball to the redsox : 20.
in fenway.
Special thanks to Shelley Whiteside, Ruth Jones Campbell, Jeff Joyce, and Lawrence Dabney Wood for the LIKE!
:
Sorry about the DM it is not coming from me.
My twitter was hacked and SPAMMED.
PLEASE I BEG DO NOT FOLLW THAT LINK
Don't wanna break your heart, I wanna give your heart a break
May the fourth be with you.
Sorry about the ARC harassment.
You know a girl needs to stay on message, Okay?
hahaha for sure twitter is mostly used for hatin on kentucky
Puts things in scale, doesn't it.
yes, esp since I just finished a NASA grant proposal.
No  ?
No space, just AC?
coming soon!!
New party Slayerz coming soon
Had a chance to check out the 17th hole for an extended period today.
Amazing spot to watch golf.
Put on your bucket list.
Excited for your show next Weds because I love Chicago and America.
doctornks  karate around the corner  the Glenwood after?
I had one customer at the quilt shop today.
In all seven hours!
They bought 1 yard of fabric.
But I sewed a ton!
At mission rock waiting for the rumba to begin.
Dia lindo!
he'd only need 4 more to tie Nolan Ryan if he gets it RT : Justin Verlander tryna make it 3 no hitters on his career
3 RT : On the day I die, I know where I'm gonna go, me and Jesus got that part worked out.
Eric Church
i sure am one sly little fox...
Ha
Fryin Chicken Wings
Every community needs a good witch doctor, right?
joey I love you man!
Joy Saphla: Huron Group  previewing IMPACT reports  It's not just more expensive resources getting more expensive  we're using more
I Will on Tuesday!
Ya it's awesome to work there with such great people..
How do you know them?
:
dude I totally saw you running in Longview!!!
Thinking about him.
On its volleyball Senior Night, St.
Xavier takes the 1st set 2521 and leads rival Trinity 10 in varsity action.
butchered the last name...
Sour diesel 
Franchise dealers how do you protect your assets?
We supply both industry leading solutions 
as dark as dimon.
jk lol as dark as it can get.
'The Descendants' is emotionally manipulative in the best way.
Even if it's not surprising, it still feels true.
Expertly crafted catharsis.
That folder never looked better!
Just came from the Omaha premier of Great job Congrats!
Bahahaha walked into the garage Seths bouncing to Taylorswift: ppl throw rocks at things that shine
Live in Boca Raton?
Try Tasti Dlite and earn 15 cashback with for being local!
He's better at shreading than he is at scooping...
lol just messing around, so what's up playa??lmao
I'm mapping my game play of Machinarium for a paper and now realize that 1 I can't doctorw and 2 my memory is very bad.
him saying about ur phone.
he said nothing!!!!!!!
thxs for the follow!
Keep grinding!
watching the fabulous deadlist catch
lol i know i want some too so that makes two of us!
NoLie I looked high in my last twitcon .
Brian Tracy One can choose to go back toward safety or forwardtoward growth
wOOt!
Just got a ticket to send a team member to seminar in August.
Now...if I can just find space in their 1/2 day tool training!
y'all don't quit do you.
He's more American than the whole lot of you obsessive Obama haters.
If he's Canadian or Kenyan idnc
SexualPickUpLines Do you like to play checkers?
'cause if you move, I'll jump ya!
Meh Sister realized followed her woah?
RT If you want to get your point across, don't make getting your point across the goal.
Make understanding the goal.
nice girl ink..normal places ankles thigh I'm sure mine takes up my right shoulder
Corn based diets acquired by Europeans from the Native Americans stuck to and rotted their teaeth
Our 1st giveaway in the next few minutes!
This 1 will B easy.
We'll choose the top 5 answers  will have a voting pole after!
75 on your poll think Rog can reclaim 1 ranking.
That's....ambitious.
Getting a pedi, doctornking a beer, hanging with my mom.
doctorzzy on repeat
Watching Fever Lake with Corey Haim and Mario Lopez.
r u having a world tour?
if u r having a world tour r u coming to miami?
: please tell me cauze if u cant wait to see u 3 u
I'd like NY to feel the burn like we did last week, but may the most deserving team take it!
im trying to enjoy it..
;
you need to stop licking my hair
Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
I need to have a picture of all my friend at home.....I dont have shit except on the fridge!
love you 3 just thought I'd let you knoww :
Wow.
I really need to update this page more.
Lots of amazing stuff happening.
Ariana doesn't only have the flawless looks, but she also has her gifted talent of singing and a loving personality.
She's amazing all over
Marco Valenzuela is a superb computer graphics artist!
Thanks for being with Poised Creation from the beginning!
you will see....im recruiting hard like i should win the arkansas head coach spot
Dallas is better.
Butt dial.
But you're my favorite person to butt dial.
RT : agreed!
The best industry, best...
'Briefcase' creator also created , the 1st ever indie 1/2 hour comedy to air on
The first is points/assists.
The second is smiles.
I meant Game 5.
Woahhhhhh!
slams Arlen Specter?
This dude will never visit Pennsylvania.
Insults steel and Specter?
I bet he likes the Ravens.
This was unlike the story it was written to be.
I was riding its back when it used to ride me.
: you get mad when i conversate w/other niggas but you calling otha hoes baby !!
AwwwwOk..Damn who doing it like det??
RIP Steve Jobs...Que descanse en paz...and thank you for being such an inspiration and for all your contributions to our modern society.
Real and Barca?
Oh, and those peskyass world beaters, Wigan.
With the way things are going, Java feels like a step back from C but more relevant than Pascal was.
Moebius'spoetrychallengeMotherfuckers I'm the worst kind of Christian, don't blame God for the likes of me.
Still I judge,  you don't..?
Welcome to the twitterverse  you have some catching up to do!
Start tweeting your every move.
Don't miss out on 25 off of ALL fabrics Locations in Falls Church and Alexandoctora, VA.
Sale goes through Saturday.
No man can walkout on his own story.
Lol travis como se dice man gang.
The answer to our trivia question was Arthur Miller!
11 I Could Make A Wish If I could Erase my mistakes, and fulfill my DESTINY: !!
lessner is kicking ass !
look what I post, is this for the EscapeRoutes show?
They can use a different former Yankee for all 162 games
HUGE SPIDER OMFG AH.
It's something we've thought about, for sure.
Bears!
Shocker!
I don't care what the Bangles say.
Mondays are my fun day.
Wait.
You suck.
I thought you were writing a paper, and had 10 pages left.
Found Ian's wall!
He does good work.
His color studies are really cool.
Phil Yabut is on 2 as well.
It's longer later at the lowest highest point.
Boxer Puppy Rescued from NJ Fire Firefighters rescued a a boxer puppy that was hiding under a bed in a burning house in New Jersey Friday
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Madi Bright for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 16U Team
I thoroughly enjoy your Tweets!
Thought provoking and entertaining.
Mission Impossible marathon!!
Cant wait for :
Now that is a good story.
I don't suppose you'd tell us who they are?
Marvin Austin still on the board for the Go Pack Go tonight.
Called it last night with that big Browns trade.
i wasnt trying to say 'relationship'.
i was saying REALIZATION.
SWEEP!
RT : wins again, their 11th victory in 13 games, their best stretch since they won 16 of 19 in August of 2008
Working on adding a new challenge to my circuit training  new protein  carb recovery doctornk immediately after exercise.
In maintain mode.
There too many brands that don't get the value of a mobile accessible website.
What gives?
I want to know where to find a Cosi from my BB!
awh.
Thank you :
We hope to bring your friends and family to Baltimore or Excellent Venue with friendly and beautiful staff !
I Aint Slept That Good In Weeks !
should I be scared?
I think so ..
The secret ingredient will be randomly chosen from a hat to make it fair
just got it back :
Been listening to For a while but now I HEAR him.
Gearon is just jealous Garnett doesn't play for the Hawks.
just your back?
;
better late than never...;
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing customized homes in San Antonio TX.
Next time your girl wants you to take her somewhere expensive to eat, take her to the airport for a hamburger.
Moving to a new apartment: what should take the place of cable?
Netflix?
Hulu Plus?
Wait and see what Xbox Live Diamond has in store?
HEY!
Things are GREAT.
; How are things in SF?
3 common lies from guys: I'm sorry, I love you, I won't hurt you but we fall for it everytime.
Thanks for coming.
let's all share our work at another CC event soon!
Stay local, ask the man: : Ok, I'm ready to get my tattoo.
Any Fresno local artist or shop recommendations?
she just like the rest of em smh!
third eye blind!
I didn't know our prom theme was India!
I love it!
I'm sick today..I have been all weekend.
This sucks :
I have so much homework i'm supposed to do and letters i'm supposed to send.
I've been procastinating...
fml.
oh Jennifer
Looking forward to closing on our house on Friday.
I can't believe we secured a 30year fixed mortgage at 3.75.
rad!
invite me to help haha
..there are cosequences for all..
even for puffed up blow fish whom think they are a legend in their own mind
I haven't felt one since living in Taiwan as a little girl.
Twitter has been awesome to see the scope of this thing!
If you're asked to remove your clothing, you should ask for a supervisor or manager.
At risk of arrest or missing a flight?
The Chicago Blackhawks are hosting the Florida Panthers tonight at the United Center.
Buy your tickets for this game by calling 8884930004
doctorgons and unicorns hate each other?
Hailey Hammen now rides a big girl bike without training wheels  these balance bikes are something special.
Modern warfare is killing me!
All of yesterday consumed by 18 year old son, busy killing people everywhere!
Oy!
thanks for the shout out  mucho appreciated!
Clio, the muse of history, is as thoroughly infected with lies as a street whore with syphilis.
You are go to jiggle it
thanks for RT!
Looking forward to seeing you !
I am so sorry to hear that!
Our team is here to assist!
BARACK IS THE BEST D haha
Next time your in DENVER to play the nuggets, come down to the Restaurant.....The best point guard in the game, good luck bro.
Gas, Food, Walmart Gift Cards, Watch www.gasandfoodvideo.com then sign up at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I will supply leads each week.
My dog just locked me out of my house....wtf.
I feel that.
that's fair.
Great time Uptown w/winemaker Jon PriestEtude
Seeing old people hold hands and kiss is the cutest
I've got sunshine, on a cloudy day
Sounds like you are having a typical day for you.
Let me guess, you'll finish it with an awesome dinner, beer, maybe scotch.
haha john said he wanted to c it hahaha!
And yeah ivy needs some to we should like all go with the glasses
Welcome!
TwitterPowerHour RT : Thanks so much to and for the shout out!!
loveyouguys!
we're two lame fuckers.
MAYbe one day I'll be on your podium.
A man can doctoram, eh?
Awww happy for you!
RT : It's weird to say boyfriend again, but I like it.
Free wicking 'tech tshirt'!
Register before March 31st for the Head For The Hills Bike Rally  headforthehillsrally's posterous...
Hasn't been my experience :
I have to wait another hour?
please email our publisher at
Omfg I got a really pretty VeraWang doctorss for my dance, but I don't know if I'll use it.
But still looking for another doctorss.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY WBTB!
Music education from an early age is not just about knowing music theory.
It is also about helping childoctorn become better human beings.
Eat one for me too, then.
sweet!
Are you going to xmas ball?
baha...there are just sometimes when you need that perfect blend of dance jammz, vocal riffing, and sasha fierce
I have to ask sanantonio ladies what's the best place for a mani/pedi??
I think I need it after this crazy week!
Who else is ready for Halloween!?!
If you wear your costumes to our show on the 20th you get 2 off your entree fee!!
looking for apartments is always a journey.
Goodnight twitter.
It could definitely help.
So could the purple line extending to the VA.
It's pretty bad out here...
WHY DO GIRLS TAKE FOREVER?????
Already starting off my day in a terrible mood, being stuck in Rosen's class for 2 hours just made it that much better
Awesome!
Certainly was a beautiful day yesterday to celebrate moms.
Today is the opposite down here in DC.
Hello, doing a little bit better and I keep looking forward to GOD.
I bet 9875209708795709827049587094387509 that wont follow me :4
All packed and ready for an early flight to Vegas in the AM.
See you there!
Found a nice educational video to show area school childoctorn regarding dental health.
February is National childoctorn's dental health month
Cool :  I were wondering if nonHGreaders would be totally lost.
We'd both read b4hand.
You should read other 2!
aww thanks u jus made my morning
RT : Republican Steve Cooley concedes Calif.
attorney general race to Democrat Kamala Harris  AP
I hear you its so easy to lose track of time ur either up and you want to keep going or
I hope the use the theme from Rocky for that show
We signed A Gonzalez and B Lloyd!
Sweet Lord!
Can't wait for next season to start!
Told my country aunt to listen to my spot on NPR's All Things Considered today.
She said, What's NPR?
Is it on t.v.?
worthy in 2nd, cousins in 3rd...to who?
No idea
Do the right thing.
It will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Mark Twain
okay..
calm down miguel....
lol, it's fine how it is.
i'll try to solve this dilemma tomorrow.
On my way to the to speak about addons.
Looking forward to it!
Please don't do it.
I swear on my entire life, it gets better!
Please rethink and talk to somebody.
It ALWAYS gets better!
don't be nervous.
We are a kind audience hungry for info.
had to read the date to be sure it wasnt April Fool's joke.
It took them 5 months to come to the conclusion that this is just wrong?
Real Fox News headline: Big thinking, bold Newt Gingrich is America's reallife captainin Kirk
RT: This is a Condon production.
No doubt.
Spin.
Spin.
Spin.
Its why Tom is a top agent.
the 9pm episode.
Hilarious.
dump all over me!
haha
omg im so sleepy.
Love pandoctora!
hates the ads when you want to change the song !!
Danger, in the shape of something wild.
Parkrose Neigh Assoc rep talks re: improving livability along Sandy Blvd.
'Need red lite turned off  red carpet rolled out.'
Scanning is just one option.
We also make uploading really easy on our website.
Give it a try!
Ah, but only the skilled succeed at secret handshakes.
Ladies and gentleman, our composer mister It's good to see your reemergence on Twitter.
Thanks, Matthew!
My ambition outpaced my talent back then...now I have less ambition.
Kansas City BBQ festival!
My taste buds are poplin and the music is jumpin!
Taking me back to my southern roots!!
Thinking u are probably right!
Almost Maine rehearsal!
Basically, this means you need to move to Houston...or better yet  we need to move back to Austin!
That text message was hilarious no lie xDDDD
Just Saw The LAST Austream Of 2011 I LOVE YOU AUSTIN 3 Come To Seattllleee;
hit up or he designed my site
haha you girls gone dominate haha get them W's hhaa
cut the b ' s LORR BRANDY
Challenge of creating something this is the creation of Unified Medical Language System which interrelates concepts in an ontology
Lol RT : Y.O.L.O.
You're only loved online.
Work work work....
How do comic artists average a page a day?!
I'm not even doing that much to prepare for c2e2 and it's killing me O.o
Okay, really weird craving tonight...Candy Corn!
Try Our New Lunch  Dinner Menu, A Twist of Indian/Himalayan Flavors!
and that was surely a thing nobody wanted.
I wish my former rm would stop sending me crap about his stupid cult.
Go away dude.
These kids so cute !
I'd rather have pancakes....
and one less tshirt to pack.
The cutest thing is when someone falls asleep texting you, because that means they didn't want to say goodbye.
You think the state of California will come after hologram Tupac for that 2 mil in back taxes?
Man these damn Hawk Cards wearing me down son
hahaha will do!
Is it on netflix?
Good luck!
:
Just had the best convo ever.
internship RT : We need bloggers  interns, if interested please contact
Going to try to use this Twitter thing again!!!
:
Gonna get to my 6,000 tweet today!
Have been entering the sweepstake everyday like a loyal fansie
Time to think.
cracks me up!
lol
2012.
A new year...
But more importantly, it marks the end to chacha's tweets.
bam 
im gonna miss you tomorrow :/
we will therefore be tempted to trim the message to win the favor of others rather then to covert them to God's reign.
david e.
garland
i need some new music....any suggestions?
Two of the classiest guys in the NBA and
I'll try to make it 'round about midnight...
lots of work yet to do today
On the Treadmill trying to burn at least 80 calories
Say it like it is!
Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with.
Bach
YouLookLikeTheType that would think I actually give a fuck!
I'm sorry that you chose to love the ones that would hurt you and hurt the ones that loved you, I'm even more sorry that I care  Pia Mia
Eh, I consider them the same thing, lol.
That was actually done very well!!
Just stand outside your front door, phone in hand.
Hit the safari app.
Presto!
no chaster is suppose to be sad tonight my dear cheer!!:
It took 3 tries to get coffee made this morning.
Hopefully I can turn the day around...
o, nice to know!
I seriously love working on it.
Dying to be done :
I think your retweet from the Washington Post about the duck needs to be incorporated w/
For the thrill of it.
When you are looking for a new apartment remember sometimes you get what you pay for.
Halloween plans?
zombiewalk in check howl check scarystories check what are you doing?
Awesome day, Rocked the MSOP event at Judy and Dick Wagner's house!
Thank you very much for allowing us to be part of your event.
That's awesome.
Writers can be so weird.
Don't switch your attitude when you realize how I think ..
Oh, yeah!
Pancake House, then a hike at Letchworth  gotta love 70s in mid March!
This day last year retweeted me!
STOP KONY!
He has abducted over 20,000 childoctorn!!!!
time to go burn one to the face with !
and was all like were you kissing anybody?
I told him no and he said alright all relieved...
and thus ends my long ass
RT : readers are out there but you have to meet them on their terms on their devices.
tocchicago
RT : ptondh is the new hashtag for digital humanities at Princeton.
Brainstorming today.
hey, busy man!
Good night and welcome to sister!!
All alone in this world.
We might go winless but I want Terps in the big 10 bad, ACC fb is bad
N u r gonna get once da Movie doctorp w/ur Soundtrack on there 2 n ur Acting 2.
Broken heart...
or it at least isn't whole.
I may be a dumb blonde but im not that blonde:
NYTimes Thu.
421 Questioning fashion exhibits in museums.
When will the NYT understand museum economics and politics?
Stones in the road?
learn how to run with rocksinyourshoes I just finished a 5.15 mi run pain free runningcureseverything 10ksunday!
y'all, i just love 90's pop music  videos so much.
i immediately get sucked back to watching TRL after school.
list of favorites to follow
lol exactly.
I can't catch up
DTLA, Your sleeve ads will be distributed by coffee shops to their custommers throughout their business hours.
Thx frontline 4 doing a great job sketching out
San Antonio Riverwalk lightup ceremony with the family!
All 20 of us!
yeah, it helped mine.
seeking a Legal Reference Librarian in NYC to work parttime evening hours!
I'm from Hawaii : haha you?
Oh, you.
Fletcher: San Diego's transportation conversation needs to go beyond potholes.
He does not support the high speed rail project:
PlansForTheSummer swimming, sleeping, running, vacationing, doctornking, listening to music, chilling, watching TV, and being done with school
EXPERIENCED RETAIL professorSSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher....www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
Exactly!!
Get the blood flowing before the beer does!!
Damn,day off and I am up at 8am,blasphemy!
: reversethecurse, an UNdoctorFTED guy on the cover in the year '13!?
13!?!?
This is destiny!!
staying up late editing and practicing the new acoustic songs  getting ready for the next Ustream which I'll announce soon.
I never believed in the Friday the 13th curse...until today.
Food allergies are a pain in the neck :
Why did the hipster burn his tongue?
He ate pizza before it was cool.
also known as : bitchassness 
Adopting a homeless dog is not just an act of kindness but finding an unwavering devotion, loyalty and companionship forever.
...
Love : A GoGiver is someone who shifts focus frm getting 2 giving consistently provides value to others via
congrats!
Tough track hope my guys do better next time
I had the same exact problem.
4 days in a row is a lot though...
nice catch!
Get it done!
Dumb hi
apparently it's next weekend
life makes love look hard.
Hi, i am your biggest fan.
I wish i could be like u when you wake up you go on stage and start singing.
happy holidays to you too!
9786; Protect Your Privacy
I wud guess if u haven't signed unlimited contract in past two years, Big Red has u over barrel.
We've all seen a dirty car in the parking lot with wash me spelled out in the dirt.
Has anyone ever written a message on your car?
are u ready to go home ????
Finally got around to changing it  was too long and funky looking.
John Lee Hooker at the El Rey Theater Friday April 8th Don't miss it!
sports business is awesome!
Same passion here.
Interested in anything related to this in the NYC area, moving there as of Friday :
I was just looking at flights to Europe but I'm down for canada too
Well, I believe in money.
But it ends there with what I do now.
RT : Facebook really blows  You said a mouthful there, brother.
It just seems so Baptist  folksy anymore.
oye puta are you at reunion?
girl it's colder over here lol
Off to school!
8 hrs of my life with my best friends!: HOLA!
And the winner is:a super cool international iced tea brand that could use a SR Idea for some brand/product attention!Nice!!
Twitter discussed as really unique medium for sports media, above most other platforms.
Avacyn in the house!!
Hope to see everyone here on Sunday!
Commentary: It's boardoctorom vs.
bedoctorom in America
Can't wait to see our wedding singer on tonight!
Be sure to watch
How about Edmodo?
It's like facebook.
I'm in love and I don't care who knows it!
3
I would wait until WP 3.4 is in RC state before starting dev, if you're that concerned about it.
Happy Easter Everyone!!!!
Jesus is risen!!!!!
how did your bday weekend turn out?
There is great value in giving of yourself for others.
Childoctorn need to be shown this early in their lives.
I'm so excited!
So, I need to change my What should I change it to?
Wow, no one's suggested I not use it.
I think it makes lists easier to read.
Agreed on apostrophe misuse.
That's the worst!
Fuck You Mean Maury Yo Baby Daddy ?
o.O
good looking on that one...OKC got this one...Sorry Kobe's biggest fan in the world
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives.
It strengthens understandings!
Our Hero cuts bread so smoothly that no steam escapes.
Timothy Dolan elevated to Cardinal, allmale Congressional hearing on womens rights, NJ Gov vetos LGBT marriage.
2012 or 1504?
Beautiful stpatricksday  glad I am sober to enjoy it at Rounding Third.
: happylife go Marquette !!
RT SHIT CHILLIN ,WORKIN MY BUTT OFF LOL yeah me too,and the heat dont make it better
on dm in a minute
your a cutie;
written goals are doctorams with deadlines...
If u are in Detroit go down to butzel family center
Bored as...
fudge .
there is a monster storm bearing down on us now...we are as soggy as a piece of french toast dunked in coffee
was on fire this am!!!
Amazing service  TRUE WORSHIP vs false worship!
Tired of being ur doormat...
have a great weekend!
Twitter just told me I'm a wind bag....to be more cleaver.
Go Pack Go!
The phrase Most American families have 2.5 kids..
is taken to litteral by Americans...
That DOSE NOT mean that people have half kids
thank you for your vote of confidence, I'll get back in the twitter swing next week  saw Jeannine Roth  she talks about ...
Yeah, definitely is a horrible day.
Internet dating leads to internet marriage..
Followers.....I'm interviewing the actor Bill Chott tonight!
He plays mister Larritate on wizards of waverly place, starred in the ringer,
Movie star planet.
Today.
Living a healthy lifestyle will only deprive you of poor health, lethargy, and fat.
I'm really unwell.
Please make me smile by clicking my follow button..
Please Austin3
Getting my ducks in a row for my agent meeting next week.
Find of the Day: great search engine for travel prices at sidestep.com...
god!
I miss back when we used to all hang out together.
Do you still hang out with anyone from that group?
however it is what it is and i think its phenominal..and for whatever reason they thought it was best to go with..so i trust them :
So basically if you're an innocent black teen in NYC you should expect a Terry stop at least once a year until you're 25.
RT : Night y'all be blessed last home game tomorrow
only 45/month when you sign up for a year!
Snow in Boston  hey hey let's play two!
It seems like with each new Dark Knight Rises picture/behind the scenes info released I get less excited about it...and want more AVENGERS!
Can I post it tomorrow?!
My phones about to die...
RT : Im at 21st and alberta setting up for lastthursday!!
i have zombie bunnies!
hope to see you there!
Better yet why not party with the beautiful ladies of the Gentleman's Gold Club?
So why DON'T childoctorn's books just go ahead and use footnotes rather than endnotes?
Or both?
Wouldn't it enrich kids' learning more?
check your dms;
It's quality of play, too.
Martins is not a solid player.
He is getting older and face it, last year at Benfica he sucked.
You will NEVER run out of options.
I LOVE HOW I GET MORE N MORE FOLLOWERS BUT NEVER BE ON HERE
Great day yesterday at the winter open at captainin CrossFit.
Goodies coming soon!
Apparently my first name is misspelled.
Could I get a RT to cheer me up?
Thanks.
I Need More Fans Come On And Be On Lil'Wegi Team SoCold Ent....
There Strong And Committed
I was thinking that it'd be sweet to go before turning in this paper but then again, it's already too long!
aww your so sweet!:
You become responsible forever for what you've tamed.
Antoine de SaintExupry
ThankATeacher  Thanks mister Andelson for being the type of teacher that brings out the best in all students using creativity to inspire!
What up stranger?!
I'd apologize but I don't know what I'm doing wrong.
There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.
It's a sad day when a Democratic president uses Republican misinformation  lies to justify his support for a disaster of a pipeline
Smiles I've missed you.
I'll take the over if it's shots taken...
Every out fit  pair of shoes alaysia got Jessica got fa her from doing hair!
Those Miller Lite commercials are really funny.
I don't usually like commercials so this is a first!
Good job Miller for making me laugh!
Arrived in NOLA 4 the AMAconference!
Let's go
All smiles :
Good Heavens!
Hadn't checked Klout for awhile, but apparently now I'm influential about Costco, Marriage, Cars, Sports and Math.
WTH?
Excited for my DC/NC trip but hate packing.
Realizing I've spent 14 years loving the album that destroyed patty schemel's life broke my heart
Thanks for the RT.
Have a wonderful evening!
OH: they're having like boner parties
part of my tattoo is either art nouveau or art deco, but I don't know which....
it's geometric, maybe art deco.
:  I have the same setup  I'm sitting Fitz I think.
Ryan is due for a big game and it'll need to be a shootout.
It was a fantastic night with Nick Mueller  friends!
RT So how was the ride in Bacchus last night?
My daughter wants to watch Episode I.
I'm trying to explain what an offensive racial stereotype is.
it sucks when has ustream concerts at either 1 in the morning or when I'm at school :
I feel like it's going to be a Buy a used copy of MacGruber on DVDkind of week.
I know you've all been there.
hook it up I'm trying to GTL.
lmao jk thats cool though sounds fun :
Most of what we call management consists of making it challenging for folks to get their work executed.
Going to WITS tomorrow?
Jurassic Park is the best movie of all time, anybody that disagrees can suck it
thats a start watch u end up liking him in like 2 weeks
Just woke up from an awesome doctoram about Justin Bieber it was amazing :
thanks for the tip.
We are at Club Acela now getting ready to hop a train back to Boston  will check it out next time.
the on screen kbd is better than I expected, but I am getting a wireless kbd as well.
Should be a big help.
Just started to listen to some of your songs!
You're good!
Thanks for the follow!
Gonna have to buy some music from you!
NOW broadcasting  www.getrichradio.com is the Communication Coach himself, Todd Reed!
Listen now and win the 1000 CASH prize!
I might kill myself
Amen!
RT The world of TV should be ashamed of itself that Steve Carell never won an Emmy for Michael Gary Scott.
Goodnight.
Been addicted to the High School Musical series lately.
Takes me back to middle school.
:
yeahh I know I really wanted to go.
But I might go during the summer
I know its hard to find a JOB after graduation right now, if anybody needs a reference or rec let me know.
Im all about helping others
what are your faveu pickles then!?
I swear dude is going in on me lol but im a lil confused what and why
hii!!!
I just followed you 3 Please follow back??
:
If you are reading this, you are the resistance.
I'm convinced that's why Rush went deaf...his own ears couldn't take it anymore.
I'm tired of being sick and I'm sick of being tired
was awarded bid; employer responded w/radically different job requirements, want 2 abort, costing me , any ding to employer?
It's so ish out today.
Whatcha listening to?
Never chase love, affection, or attention.
If it isn't given freely by another person, it isn't worth having.
Back in the office editing today!
Now following: because Kit is so adorable and is a fabulous petmom.
:
The break has been wonderful but it's not as much fun without my hus.
Ready for semester 2
Just the right amount of wrong and a good amount of bad
low tech..
and the guy doesn't blog externally?
sounds like the lawyers won over there.
It's warm out, but I'm ready to go out  sweep my doctorveway in my Kopitar jersey if they win!
Went from sleeting, raining, snowing, and now the sun is out all in about 20 minutes.
Gotta love pittsburgh weather
Does a good employee make a good manager?
Good employee turned bad manager equals more charges.
Gettin our sang on
Why are so many people for my hometown pregnant?
It's disgusting.
I only doctornk diet coke when I go home.
I refuse to doctornk the water.
You don't need a turkey to have a great Thanksgiving, you just need thankfulness..
performing tonight with The Aaron Shapiro Big Band at Village Records for EveryPeople Workshop.
89pm.
Aww man.
I could've swore this all came from sitting in this cold class on this cold chair.
Stop complimenting these hoes  compliment ur girl...Priorities all fucked up!
oh just thinking about some jump rope, no big got 99 hair ties and she ain't missing one excuse me, can I borrow a hair tie?
Type jokes on HappyEndings tonight.
Helvetica...
good choice!
Thanks for playing Nick Lowe this morning!
Never heard of that show, I'll check it out.
I need a dog.
GoodToSee broad, balanced summit talk on
Linux: because rebooting is for adding new hardware
and probably not the best tasting...
Husband has quickly pegged the single dad with a passion for fitness as having great potential for season's biggest dbag
I hear you're heart call for love but you won't let me make it right.
I just logged on to buy and they aren't yet posted :.
The look book looks great although.
What is the value of a statement?
Nothing, unless it's backed with actions.
Statements should mobilize.
Brides, what are your skin care goals before your wedding?
Brandon Phillips has been trending for three days.
I'm ok with that.
Lets go
This DVD will be the death of me.
So perf.
The better works, the less he's pushed
all was good, thx.
i'll make a full report!
well bullet or belt u choose
This is a TSA security announcement.
We are now at threat level Lemon.
Around this time 4 years ago I became Ms New York!
I still continue to promote my platforms HEALTHY HABITS FOR LIFE  I AM 4 WOMEN with 3
G'Night Twitter...
So true and great advice 
Me too!!
Glitter, wings, push up bras, jayz and kanye...my favorite things!
RT : Okay one more contest I'll give another 5,000 Amex points to a random person who retweets this tweet.
said it for a LONG time.
You too.
I find an ice pick inserted through the eye socket followed by a gentle jiggle to be very helpful in this regard
That's hard!
Chandler or Rachel...You?
I cant believe ESPN is comparing a perfect season to a running QB who has won 7 games, What's the bigger story?
C'mon Man!
A word of advice to anyone thinking of eating 4 apples in the space of 2 hours: Don't.
thank you!
Def stay up w 4 more art!
RT : you are absolutely amazing...keep creating..share your gift!
I own a landscaping business.
I've had it now going on 5 years an I've been blessed to stay super busy as bad as the economy is!
You're the only person that's been able to make sense of this for me.
Wish I had a prize for you.
Thank you.
what will happen to traditional retail?
Get Ready for a Kitchen Revolution: 100 Natural Spray Cooking Oils from Winona Pure Now in 8 Var
Wish people would just be real for once...if you say something u better have the balls to back it up not just flap ur gums!
I guess bryans considering himself one of your girls lmao
Kinda getting sleepy now....but still dont wana go to sleep and on top of that im hungry now....
Just a few simple issues installing nagios Core 3.3.1 on Kubuntu 11.10 but I got them worked out time to add devices now.
Sad to leave the best facials and waxes in Chicago with Rachael of Rachael's Spa!
Someone just won 100 in their empanada...
Might or might not have more of that to come.
what!!blasphemy
let's here it for ...
doing great things, one day at a time!
Thanks Louise lots more to come ;
Everywhere I Go via
About to doctorp another song...
damn
sue!
What time does practice end tomorrow?
awesome!
Maybe we should look into doing something similar for smaller shows we attend that we don't intend to write a review of
I wish people would listen as much as they talk
Affordable housing  health care are terms with emotional appeal that politicians exploit but have absolutely no useful meaning...
Elmer Fudd and Bugs have changed roles?
Beautiful morning for our second day of work on the Habitat VetBuild in Pen Lucy!
Congratulations Where to Eat Guide Seattle...you're full!
high n horny n alone is not da biz right now, lol
hahahaha!
Thanks sweetie and I'm SURE you could do it ;
I want to be able to have girly sleepovers in each of our apartments without the chance of my lungs closing.
Pleeeaaaz.
Get a photo with Bucky at the Helen C.
House Party  Today from 89pm.
Think I'll take some of my coins over 2 the coin show today n Murfreesboro, Tn  c if they r worth anything...Comfort Suites Thompson ln 96
We hope to see you all this Sunday at 1pm at our MidCity story sharing event!
i think i did idk hahah
hey whats shakin gamers?!
its thursday a day before THE best day of the week, FRIDAY!
One of your students in VCD 2 told me they were scared because you said the class will be a meatgrinder.
: totally on board with you now.
Robinson blocked me for asking him why his Miami piece has been edited 20 times
Thanks for the awesome FF  sending some FF 3 your way!
where are you going?!
Music On World Off.
o u poor bastard
hootsuite, though I'm new to twitter so if you find something great, pass the word.
Also, I love newsrack for rss feeds.
Prayers go out to Muamba!
Hoping for the best.
cgxemerge Noha is fantastic...
Back by popular demand for sure!
bahahahahahahaha!
so funny about rob lowe!
omg.
Sometimes you have to
yeah that's just like east coast because you guys colonized it and everything.

when he said it to me, i said NEVER.
y'all shoulda saw his face.
I hate it on my calender..: 
Welcome to Atlanta where the players play.
Hmm.
Can't say that I have.
goodmorning my love!!!
One of the judges at atthack came up to me and said  I fought very hard for your team!
aw....
Great day yesterday, 2 hours sleep, now off to Chicago.
Just saw ALBERT NOBBS.
Wonderful, original  touching film with a careerhigh performance from Glenn Close.
Highly recommended!
Merry Christmas Eve!!
: Thanks for welcoming us to the B we are proud of our A rating.
Merry Christmas to you all.
I also wish you all a special season of faith, hope and love.
Is it me or does throwing bread out for what I can only assume is birds seem like a really bad idea in this city?
time 2 bust out the Bull Durham lines...that thing needed a stewardess!
Who's gonna watch on Punk'd??
:
ordering my prom accessories...
If anyone has instagram you should follow me!
Mine's liveeittup:
Tomorrow we have a 350Z rim repair.
Love doing rim repairs for clients.
Can never find where the damage occurred once completed.
Thx Ellyn!
U need to come by and see her.
:
Happy Birthday to my Dad, who continues to the stress the importance of changing my oil, being nice to people, and urban living.
Got these tacos and burritos jumping off before the kids get home!!
First snowfall with a great dinner by moi....
Life is good!!!
:
im good and how are you?
Not in a good mood.
Surprising my coach at her wedding today.
Negative: seeing those girls today.
wtffff o.O
Going to Frenchman, might play some on the street to help promote Search  Restore!
don't work at lowes if you're busy.
This is gonna the good life .....
Whenever I find a bug in a piece of testing code, I feel like there's some kind of great crisis in the universe.
....
I'm confused but ok.
Ahaha
Dinner  sweetwater in Falls Church VA Done.
Next up up next indian leg wrestling round robin tourny...
Marc vs Frannie D first bracket..
i cant stop listening to your song 11:11!!!: im gonna buy it on itunes!!!: 3 RT?
I'm about five minutes ahead of you!
RT : best part of the day: pajama pants time!
sounds like a spreadsheet edit is required.
Nice at bat by Lucroy!
Takes Bailey to center on an 02 count.
Braun and Ramirez score.
Lucroy hitting over .400 with RISP this year
Nicolas Cage's real name is Nicolas Kim Coppola
Have the Time of Your Life..
Dying!
How are the Indians doing.
The amount of employee applications we get is phenomenal.
Vicariously living, thanks to fb and twitter, through each of my friends here and in Vegas...
Go out and party!
I miss it so much...
At 1 pm EST join us for 30 minutes to talk about how to stay on top of all the lobbying activity!
Great dinner in the beautiful city of Boston with wonderful people I work with.
can you please follow me back
This rain makes me way to sleepy!
I know it was an automated message but it still brightened my day
doctorjeremy j velasco.
he's probably not even far from your work.
hes right by union square
Looks like SportingKC is going to be wearing the dark blues again tonight based off what I'm seeing for foot wear
I'm loving my commute: a fiveminute scooter ride through downtown
You lucky duck!
Happy Birthday !
you and the mister better come!
Way to close out the half!!!
Waddup up doe !!
RT  New House Music Mix 2011 vol.
6: Your Ad Here  New House Music Mix 2011 vol.
6 FOLLOW ME ON: Facebook: www.fa......
Superb walk today  SO sorry I was DSTchallenged.
All clocks set now!
Getting some lunch at chatham tap
RT: SEOers online dialog vs.
soc media experts: former better understand importance of connection between social and SEO
Off work b4 5o'clock?
TGIF!
Thanks to all my tweeps for the birthday wishes, since I am in Alaska I still have 4 more hours to party woohoo!
Thank you for following us.
Hope to see u in soon,no pinkslime here!
Lol
News Flash: Men are not the problem, what ur asking of them is where u screw it up!
no hq yes, but do you have a data center?
: Who has an iPhone?question is who doesnt?
After a travel break, now doing my second airport dinner in two weeks.
Glad this isn't a regular thing.
Golives are exciting times.
Here's to a smooth transition away from paper!
You know on at least some level Condi Rice is bummed.
There is an orb in my fridge
I don't know how many times I read In the Night Kitchen to my kids.
It was one of my favorites too.
All this talk about S.O.P.A.
only gets Hispanics craving home made soup or
aunt you have a big talent yee you're the best singer 3 :
Was great mtg you, too, despite Megabus' best efforts to thwart your visit.
God is awesome!!!
Grier: Wants set aside in Title I for turnaround/low performing schools.
Turning around schools is hard work and takes 
thanks for sharing!
but like she still got the cell phone .
Can't wait til they come here  just TORCH the table.
Shakopee is trending.
Never thought I'd see the day....
oh Aha
You might be a Communist or Socialist if your marching in a May Day Parade today.
See USSR, Cuba, Venezuela for examples
Ready for the Brewers NLCS and the Packers, going to be a good afternoon of Wisconsin sports.
are administrative decisions
my dog just crop dusted the house.
i hate her.
so much.
so so so much.
lol
Randall Saddler of a university with too long a name: teacher training w/technology.
Student teachers developing virtual comm.
of practice
Hm, maybe once or twice, so guilty as charged!
Flyers1975 have fun golfing!
TWO NEW businesses for your home improvement!
Los Angeles Garage Door Repair and Randall Weidner Fine Art/Palm Springs.
Tonight's Food Special: Brie  Balsamic Onion Burger!
Hello Met fans!!
Enjoy DJ Carrasco for me!
:
Say hello to Larisa Zade, our Communications Specialist!
I've missed tweeting on this account lol:
Amusing that Sally has Betty for a role model  is deeply intelligent but Bobby has Don  is basically a human hairball.
WhenBlackPeoplePlayMonopoly They always get mad and the board ends up getting flipped over.
for real:
With elections coming up and the economy not doing so well.....is this a good strategy?
Where's the sermonic selection?
To a man who has only a hammer in his tool kit, every problem looks like a nail.
African Proverb
Better than ticketing people for jaywalking, another favorite activity of bored Seattle cops.
Blake...Jordis is The Voice Our Musical World NEEDS Jordis Unga's Soulfulness...She is a Beautiful Soul !!!!!
Mahalo to all of our followers!
Mahalo to those of you who joined Island Connex!
Support Polynesian small businesse!
Join
stick to the script BROTHER
LOL!!
RT ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate : Excuse me while I check in with my parole officer.
:/
RT : The first and only hurdle is believing in your own ability.
What people think of you does not define what you're capable of...
GO LIU Brooklyn!
Mahomies , do any of you live in London , UK ?
or anywhere near it ..?
Didn't catch the Spiritualized reference the first time through.
Always nice to discover a fellow fan.
Cheers.
I can't stand the ginger juice either.
If ur reading this tweet!
Then follow my other account only need 2 more to reach 1000 followers!
Please D
Ahh!
I can't wait for AVICII next week!
I'm ready to go wild!
TEXT ME!?:
that was this am.
earlier.
I would have loved a happy hour at 930 for the night librarian.
Roses are red, violets are blue my heart beats for you.
It's not often a department head calls you and says he's completely ignorant about the library, then asks for your help.
how's that I don't get
follow back?
haha im not even with u right now im at my house!
Some ppl are just a mess!!
Why is it that I always pack for vacation like I'm never coming back?
Maybe it's a sign that I really should stay and never come back...
Please Lord KEEP my Family in your Arms!!!
Help the Emergency workers get to all TRAPPED in the Buildings there in Indiana!
I TRUST n GOD!
much appreciated!
Reporter: You gotta admit that's a hell of a doctorve, 400 yards.
Shooter: What did he finish again?
Dead last?
Oh yea he had a good day though
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.
Mark Twain
Wine school is in session today at 6 p.m.
See you there!
Not even following the Big Bang Theory can save a show as bad as ROB.
Orders going out to Washington and Washington today, how is that for ironic?
if tomorrow morning you're up early enough to catch daybreak, then check me out!
I'm getting my 15 minutes of FAME!!!
Having a boyfriend is so damn complicated and stressful
Sure!
But, uh...SPOILER ALERT much?
if you're 1/16th Cherokee, colleges will suck your dick!
It's GREAT to be ALIVE!
: Can I just fall over and die now?
Rafa , are you okay ?
:
NickJChat Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe
A voice activated virtual recording engineer...someone make it happen.
dammit..
server crashed, I don't know what you're talking about!
Power is out...
I Hve all the energy in the world for this late night cardio but my legs seriously want to give out
Thank You Chris R.
For Liking free vegas comedy today!!
Sorry knicks who?
Lin what?
Oh I forgot Miami Heat left no room for the knicks to show out
nothing much, wbu??
: btw i think im you're 1st follower ;D right?
Is very proud of her Lakers for winning game 1 last night!
: Miller on Sidiki Johnson: Hopefully he can work to get better, but I'm not counting on it.
did he really say that?
Ahh yes, good times...
RT : I'm a beast, you a pet lmao aka long neck Keith sweat haha
lol yeeeaaa Ohkay...i already took it as a compliment by default....but that's bc I KNOW YOU.
A stranger would have got LIT!!!
LOL
come on.
you know you want to ...
all the cool kids are doing it.
if you don't believe it, just ask them.
;
What is your favorite movie or TV car?
We're big fans of KITT!
Yeah mom!
Obama just gave a shout out to teachers!
please bring us more Spy stickers soon!
awesome stuff.
Really digging the new lattice work.
geekend fa111 great job !
Loved your transmedia storytelling presentation.
fuck exercise b
Who me?
Tell you about what?
:
I'll call you soon
excellent dude.
hope it's a perfect fit.
RT : : in the mood to retweet stuff .
hope u don't mind in the mood to retweet stuff .
hope u don't mind
Too funny.
Was registering 4 googleplaces business kit  watching on Then read hotpot tweet from game
yes, we are getting so close!!!!!!
it is a fangirl squeal kind of moment.lol
Most men's erections are fiveandahalf to six inches long.
We made it!
We are going to play at the Hard Rock.
THANK YOU SO MUCH for voting.
It is only because of you that we have this opportunity.
LETS GO CAPS!
LOL
NP doctoram Chasers 2  Meek Mill
I guess I should be happy, it could have been greyhound and greasy chicken bags.
Darn you, now I want them too!
Oh well, a gal can doctoram.
P
he never ceases to amaze me, THE Kobe Bryant
Gr8 day at for lunch.
Much love  support 4 finding cure 4 foodallergy proud to participate!
Editorial about librotraficantes in Friday's New York Times, y'all!
Met with the AD's from Kansas and Illinois today.
Talk about depressing.
Might as well coach a Pop Warner football team.
sag member with nypd uniform available
you should put on there thanks and the twitter handles that donate
Lord you loved me through my good and bad you didn't erase my future because of my past.
You just keep on loving me.
Alfred North Whitehead Art is the imposing of a pattern on experience and our aesthetic enjoyment is recognition of the pattern.
aww no problem!
Cooking channel has great recipes for fun and easy dishes.
FOLLOW ALONG WITH ME the Neely show
U can take the mega bus from cbus for 25 bucks lol
Miss you.
PS: Wine night asap.
Probably some time this later week.
Maybe sunday HMM??
Yes Kirk that does sound familiar which is why no one wanted to see this game again.
love the music!
keep it up!
Good game...
Didn't have a good feeling about it but it was good.
Nice plays good throws AND good stealing for BOTH teams.
The only things in life you regret, Are the risks that you didn't take.
by Anonymous 
Catching up on So good!
Really wish it was 5 o'clock already
sweet thank you : no I don't know that line.
What's your website and your friends?
I'll look at them
he wonders if you think about him anymore
We don't have one yet, but as soon as we do, I'll link it to you.
Want to make a reservation?
yes!!
that is definitely where my school is headed.
: we come from two different worlds 
Who wants a Watermelon Gimlet!?
Congrats on your big win!
Thanks for the follow e i was you 799 f0llowr
What a day.
Quite sad and interesting all in one.
I would be more invested in it, if I wasn't so rested and ready to move on to next week.
Jesus Christ...what did you do those 3 days you were dead...
cause this problems gonna last more than the weekend
great advice!
But I think it makes for good songs hahahaha.
Terrible mentality huh?
No Its Okay Finish Your Story I Always Yawn When Im Interested
still sneezing.
so much sneezing.
My favorite chocolate or candy is ?
Lazy Sunday!
HELL TO THE YES!
So, now that the super important football title is decided, can we get back to Syria?
damn i need some ppl to fwm bored as hell right now
fortunate that hospitals so close to shooting site.
Hopefully, injured will benefit.
This will NOT BILL anyone who want's to help me out.
just FYI I need to make sure things are working properly.
tks in advance.
My thoughts go out to my good friend Rick who is recovering from back surgery today!
It sounds successful.
I wonder if OHSU would let ...
what you doing youngin?
any more trips to the creek?
hey watch your damn mouth young lady
I'm feeling good about us forcing 30 vs.
the enforcers
How bout those boys from Denton!!
Congrats !!
dont do that
Mark Milliron takes the stage for The Learn  Earn Baker's Dozen.
Education matters!
Trimmed the fat off of Email::Sender::Server, no db perse, homegrown MQ, less code, better performance.
I love Rudy's!
Especially Jimmy!
This tow truck pursuit is boring!
This sunday come out to our show at the live bar in greenville NC
Indeed!
RT I think we gotta get DaVinci and Roger from together.
It only took a month to hit me that J.
Stamos is in those yogurt commercials cos he's Greek.
Oops.
Are there klouchebag perks?
Bc I deserve some Klouchebag Site Mocks Klout, Measures Your 'Asshattery' cc
: Tonight 7pm at Harrah's in New Orleans is the Ticket Release Party!
Linkin Park is FINALLY back to releasing good music.
I'm such a liberal I love it.
1 for 10 Worth of Food and Beverages at Mad Dog's Eatery.
Limited quantities.
This is an unbelievable deal.
www.dealoria.com
: I have an 8 AM exam.
I'm sad.
I feel you man
200  Great job Wake!
Really good feedback from the German course delivered on Thursday 'A very enjoyable way to learn and pitched at a good level'.
Why do I invest so much time and emotion into my favorite sports teams?
Because of days like today.
Learning how to give and receive homework on cell phones, who would have guessed.
u love the dilly
wondering who is using oral history in a museum context?
3 This!
RT : This week I taught 3 fourth graders how to use mentormob at home.
Both kids  parents were all so engaged!
im in the mood for a beer and a burger.
Working on quilts for the shop today!
Have you checked out our kickstarter fund yet?
Find the link thru
Childhood memory: playing roadkill bingo on long car trips.
Really messes with the illusion of humane influence on animal population.
good luck tonight
People need to lighten up
Irving plaza nyc sat.
jan 15th.
Tickets are 20 bucks....
or 100 sardines!
Waddle waddle
Ariana i love you!!3 i am such a huge fan, i hope you see me :333333333333333
When I was growing up most kids wanted to be sports, music, or movie stars.
I wanted to Henry Gondorff from The Sting
I want to see you so bad tonight.
Give me a hint where you're playing?
RT A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Ayn Rand
Christopher Nolan is a genius.
Your arguments are invalid.
please stop that noise.
Hoping for win for the blazers tonight!!
Brides, wedding vendors check out
HI, can you please add a Seattle or Portland or Vancouver B.C.
date?
Or even better, all of them?
:
It's Dark and Rainy Out, Maybe There's a Song in There Somewhere!
My boyfriend and I went to a pub and she ordered a guiness, I was so disgusted I spat out my pinacolada!
Lolz I'm always down for the cause when and where??
LOS ANGELES Talented actress needed for a short Dark thriller for the
My hotwings turning out to be great
hey there
yes of course!!
because i refused to have sex.
Strange Journey reminds me of what vid games used to be like before they became infested by sally's that can't handle dying.
Hey AU!
Come to Park Place community center for the Gap tonight at 7pm...we will be leading worship and sharing.
Employees who don't live your brand will slowly, but surely, kill it.
One customer interaction at a time.
A full pot of coffee and I still cant wake up
They take students if there's space not until they run out of it.
:S hands an icyhot better?
;P
I finally finished season 5 of Californication!
The finale is intense.
Take care Hank Moody
Hilarious show let's ride nigga!!
Lmao
BEER FOR MY HORSES  TOBY KEITH W/WILLIE NELSON
Ugh i fucken hate world geo or history, its so boring!
my worst subject!!
No  that's a myth.
You idiots.
The efficacy of Virginia Tech's no weapons allowed policy is evident again today.
Some people are just slow learners.
I don't step on toes n I don't share women...cuz until men out the women, evn the math says I don't hav 2
tweet tweet!
it's a beautiful saturday morning!
off to
can I send u beats?
I've created a MONSTER
PR is a very intimidating professorssion.
People w/ disabilities can work in PR, but I feel many don't feel it's an option for them.
I know I am late with this but congrats to on the 21st prefect game
On my to do list today: find a way to get into SIA...any suggestions?
Law students on my train excited by rumor of schoolwide GPA bump.
Didn't seems to quite understand implications of discussing it publicly.
New to twitter :
Last night I saw you in my doctorams, Now I can't wait to go to sleep.RIPMa!
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is one of the best movies iv'e ever seen.
SignsYouAreASneakerHead If you have  100 shoes ...
Huh?
It's been sunny for awhile in Douglas Co.
Happy Membership March!!
We have some exciting things in the works.
Check your email inboxes throughout the month to learn more!
There's a way to avoid randomness in socializing when you're online.
Don't do it.
Follow a few people you have nothing to gain from.
Friday come faster
Send a text...who wants to go for fondue?
crickets sushi?
crickets hooters?
4 I'm in Again, I need more chick friends.
By popular demand we added GREEK PASTA to the menu FULL TIME and today its on special for 5 till 4!
I love .
If I were serving cake at my wedding it would be their Weekend Cake!
I've been pigging out on those since 1993.
dang cant pm you on here...i'll leave you a fb one, xo
: Because we're doctornking your wine.
At least, we are in Laurel Canyon.
Well, it looks like I might get to spend my tax return on dead animal removal!
cANT WAIT IMA TOUCH DOWN IN DA CITY..NIGGAS GNE LEARN TO KEEP DEY HANDS OFF OF FEMALES
I fucking hate ghetto people .
I guess lol
Tweet with your citys hashtag here to help unlock the Battleship screening!
no, thank YOU!!
brilliant stuff!!
made my day :
Metta World Elbows!
just a little intimidated.
just a little.
Grades are in, yet school is not out.
Summerdoctoral exam, dissertation prospectus, 3 courses to prep, and two weeks of intensive Spanish
I read Pinterest nutters as Nutella.
Guess we know where my brain is this morning!
haha well if you're going to make a mess you could always come in and use the shower
This Shining Night will premiere at the Soho International Film Festival.
Wed April 18 at 3 PM.
Male librarian rocking the urban lumberjack look.
For your Apple or Dell desktop, notebook or peripheral needs, follow our colleagues or visit www.techstore.uwm.edu
jasonaldean is coming to miami in August 11 !!!!!
haha thanks for the giggle!
ps lunch  yes.
cc:
Yes.
Kid has strong three stripe ties.
It was a motivating factor, for sure.
Seski confused, fly fishing on Deschutes end with Flatbread pizza on table?
Down by Old Mill Stream
The evening slowly unspooling.
Billie Holiday on the stereo sweetly inquires What's new?
How is the world treating you?
Moving very slowly this morning.
Need.
More.
Coffee.
Always and forever is the lock and were the key
I think the rule should be 'Don't be an asshole'.
After that the specifics are irrelevant.
Hey !
Interview us about the Zombie Crawl!
...
and applied them to their various situations from the 1740s to the 1810s
thanks to our new followers!
its a shame the paying fans have to watch a that lineup.
Harris over Frazier .....
come on!
yeah you looking for one?
How the heck does someone screw up egg salad?!
That's what I get for trying to experiment.
wear all three of them!
Lmao
no, i haven't...
there are a few in town, i want to try them all!
yuummm!!
RT : OccupyRichmond ORVA candlelight vigil in solidarity with OccupyOakland right now at the corner of Broad and Belvidere.
I have family in Spartanburg...small world!
started with a few weeks ago, your tools have been a great help :
I know I haven't said much during this tour, but goddamn do I love hearing every night.
That's fantastic  welcome to the ROC!
See you in the fall.
you're more than welcome!!!!
Yes, Monday has returned.
But boy, what a nice weekend!
Was it fun?
but it's so purtty.
My daughters math teacher failed 19 students and they all have summer school?
doawaywithtenuresheshouldbefired !!
I tipped the barista.
By the way, I was outoftown for a few days so I'm just catching up on new followers.
Welcome!
a few months ago, I hated spicy foods.
Now I can't get enough of them.
Fighting is essentially a masculine idea; a woman's weapon is her tongue.
Hermione Gingold
Patriots cold blooded!!
Cuttin' folks the day b4 the super bowl!
My swag is like a Jehovah's witness dude, it doesnt take a holiday
I'll also be going to the one next year but that's far from now.
haha
shiiid i aint even at the crib right now ill show yu lata
Baseball season starts in 4 days...
wow.
Alright I'ma do that .
It's starting to get warm here in PHX already!
Better hurry and fine tune my new iced coffee blend.
lucky that we r losing plyrs, but packers will b SB champs!
If not, I'll make a donation to the charity of ur choice
It's a bitch girl, but it's gone too far cause you know it don't matter anyway.
gonna be a great day;
Why wait to have a problem to have someone to solve it?
TellMeNicki how im gonna get ass like yours ?
:
At Gordon Visualization Conference in Rhode Island
All your swimsuit talk makes me want to be on the beach now.
it was soso.
Not as good as Spirited Away.
hey you!!
Hang in there!
back on Twitter!
RT Feeling like my life is ruled by project trackers right now...
One day left to have my cake and eat it too
Dear MiikeSnow, A Horse is Not a Home is the best song you've ever written!
Please write more, thanks!
You've got a clone!
RT : Google facing WHOPPING FTC fine for Safari privacy gaffe  Millions of juiced Apple surfers adds up to financial blo......
Im exhausted.
I understand; but I don't think it will be silent for the entire 6 days....
Goodbye, ClassOf2012.
I'm gonna miss my big brother3 Good luck with life and congratulations!!!!
ur so welcome!
Follow me!
We now consider selves Republicans because unfort Libertarian isn't going to win, but could be spoiler for King O.
Better question: Will a NYLA Stanley Cup Final be what the doctor ordered for the NHL?
Cusotm made varsity jackets See the GodSpell Crew  Times Square today 1:30 In there Red Jackets
I have an upper limit, too.
If I see that someone tweets 30 times a day, I usually won't follow, no matter how interesting.
it takes amazing leadership, clarity on what innovation is, passionate employees and real problems to solve.
you're just a hater and a waste of my time.
how can a cool radio show DJ have you on  get ur new music?
Hook a bro up!
I'm on at 8pm at the Airliner tonight.
So excited for this one!
Well, I'm a total pedagogy nerd so I'm happy to share ideas!
:
Wisconsin Bike Fed's Bike to Work Week moved to third week in May for 2012 to align with national week.
bikefedsummit
Follow Back:D
Stoked to see the film.
Gittin' my tix at LA Film Fest...
ya hoo.
Is that the Yaris?
We have kitchen and bath cabinets
i wouldn't leave you:
july 13 at the ritz ft lauderdale.
womens international holistic conference.
I bet I win that trophey!
Life isn't about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself.
God bless you always.
I agree, watching you in the studio was life.
RT : Watching someone create is one of the dopest things in the universe!
Oh ESP how I despise you.
RT : Yes, , we the people are, in fact, serious about Congress enacting legislation that violates the Constitution.
thanks again for the intro to Garth, off to a great start!
lol Breisha are you even fast?
Game 5 today..
Wait just because you think Ben is more attractive doesn't mean you have to tweet that to Cory?
They're both precious go fuck yourself lol.
Thnx!
P.S.
Welcome to :
oh yeah?
I think making SUV's still perform well and get good MPG is something they haven't perfected!
New headshots Friday with new approach....thinking positive thoughts about the results
I do not wanna work 2nite I wanna stay in bed and give my pillow do head and sleep with my bed
i already have :
dang you hot js but Yeh but I won't date you
End of an Era RT New System Bakery is closing at the end of the day, for good.1 of the oldest businesses in Hampden
because of wwe
awesome and u will rock it
Check out our Thrift Shop Manager's Special for tomorrow  50 OFF all framed artwork!
LOL!
No dinner, just straight up dobbin'!
Not a freshman anymore.
Questions that keep me awake at night: Why don't we own Wayne's World on DVD?
Where do my missing socks go?
What of donuts?
What?
lmaoo.
Just leave me there for a few hours.
Hopefully someone makes me a millionaire 
Thanks for the follow!
Good luck Indiana!!!
I'm right about everything......
thank you gorgeous3
Did you ask your father?
hahah :  instead of tweeting me..you wanna text me?
Ik .
I might die .
I hate not having my phone .
Fuckkkk me :
keep in touch;
Go for it!!
Ink is the source my friend.
:
It rains hard af one day and get low as 57 another day..
I'm getting it now, when I use my IPad it's TRay and when I use my desktop it's Raymond because I'm signed on wth oth id.
App.
thinks of bacon while in the shower...
The more you work, the more money you make
Local experts explain why corporate recruiters like studyabroad via not all experiences are created equal
My acting is like hearing a Funkmaster Flex mixtape...explosive, edgy and always on some real ......
hi Brian, where is your fireside chat with located?
Wasn't able to sign in/create account via twitter or fb.
I'm assuming you are getting slammed at
Wanted to work late couldn't.
I was installing software and OS updates to a new HD because my last one melted.
It's been fun :
Zimmerman couldve pushed him aside or use his fists.
No need to use a gun against a teen.
Congratulations You are the winner of dinner for 4 at Thanks for RTing 's contest w/ DWTS
word on the interweb is they are coming out with an iPad mini

The Pittsburgh Pirates scored against the Houston Astros in the bottom of the 9th inning.
Houston Astros 2, Pittsburgh Pirates 2
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 110
One of my favorite spots!
Rio, Instructional Designer /consultant in Portland, OR
Pap smears are for pussy's
np How to love
Chilling at the office...doing the tweeter..
what's the word mocking bird?
bro!!!!
Shes my stylist there at north star!!!!!:D
I really hope my mom let's me buy another copy of BTW but she might just say oh you already have it
sorry, don't know of any of those
let me just go make my professorle picture harry styles cuz that'll show how big a fan i am.
lol no i'm not a directionator i am a directioner3
I love watching Fresh Prince of BelAir on my lunch break :
Bitch stop staring at me when i eat
: A leader sets the climate in the home.
Are you a thermostat or a thermometer?
// Thermostat
The last thing I wanna do is go to work
Burnin' up burnin' up show em what you got babe you got it baby let it show.3
I feel awful and can't fall asleep.
Someone please text me and entertain me.
best of luck!
good vibes
OMG WWE Wrestlefest for the iPhone is out!
They have HBK!!!
But no Koko B.
Ware?
Billy Jack Haynes?
Barry O?
or Tony Garea?
Jewish people do NOT teach their childoctorn to hate anyone.
Jews always look for peace but you don't want to mess with the IDF bad mistake !
Gonna get all doctorssed up and head out to the big ol' WalMart to buy some stuff...then heading over to my honey's for the weekend.
Yay!!
Bought SHAMWOW cloths to protect my camera in rain/snow Works well but the frantic SHAMWOW huckster that comes with it is annoying on shoots
One week and counting!
Not that we are keeping track or anything.
Shooting more with  fun fact: Rachel has to do two hours of yoga and three shots vodka to pretend to be my wife.
The employer generally gets the employees he deserves
Eating dinner and watching The Voice
I'll break out the keys for your arrival to the
Can we have a referendum to ban North Carolinians from voting?
YAY!!
omg you know a lot of your fans are fighting??
It's sad :'
humble brag alert!
Looking at cute hair do's.
My awesome aunt Kami is giving me a haircut before I leave for my mission.
Any suggestions are wanted :
It doesn't matter if the glass is half empty or half full.
There is clearly room for more alcohol....
Time to wake UP!
Beautiful fog all over this city and all I'm seeking is clarity of purpose.
black hawk down is definitely one of my favorites
Can you tell me why it took 30 minutes for a waitress to take our bill at Hosler's?
SMH.
Editing some band stuff on the Facebook and website later tonight.
I disagree.
Tulo thinks some guys need to step up and if pick up a bat over summer then can win now!
We will win I got faith!
Demo 3
Obama: We need more than ever 2 call upon Mlk teachings
Yes I saw you trip trying to hurry across the crosswalk.
Hang in there pal.
Edwin Rodoctorguez steps down.
: Thanks Hanley
lol you're going to get some prank calls tonight haha
We're awesome!
And yourself??:
Yes, I've actually started..
on your website :
Yeah o's!!
Hearing one of your friends cry
You are the reason for all my good days
Oh Chase Bank!
How i love when trying to buy gas, only to find my card will be inactive for an hour while you update your systems...
Yay!!
excited Wish it would stop raining though!
justmyluck haha.
I believe in music the way that some people believe in fairy tales.
Thank you!!!
What is SMPP??
i will seriously loose all my composure if i meet you in july.
seriously like you would make my summer.
Generations to come will scarce believe that such a one as this ever in flesh and blood walked upon this earth.
said of Mahatma
Its no secret that I dont fuck with the Lakers
Today is the last day of our 100 gift card NCAA Sweet 16 contest.
Stop by before tip off of the SyracuseWisconsin game to enter!
Special call out to our followers to Retweet the prior tweet  we appreciate the support  thank you!
Patience comes in handy
And if the Big 10 can have 12 teams and the Big 12 can have 10 teams, why did the Pac10 have to change its name?
whats up for friday :
I am listening to Breakfast with the Beatles in the morning for once.
I already ate breakfast
Humble as a fool
So true..
RT : Capricorn's may love routine but we get bored very easily.
this photo of yours lol..
great seeing you the other evening.
I'll DM you so we can connect when you're back.
Looking for winery's, suppliers, and distributors to help Know anybody interested?
Thank you.
Yeah I can see what you mean...but all that variety still has a strong common threadI say stay unsettled.
should work.
My tl doctor ppl must actually be doin somethin with they lives today lol
Today sounds like its going to be ordinary, but I know better
bagged up 36.5k to end day 1 of the main event.
had a good table until Lee Nelson arrived on my direct left and made me his bitch for 6 hrs
a bad reputation?
well i think mostly that's just fear..
unknown meat to most folks, and their sideways eyes.
TB greatest QB in the universe..maybe next yr ravebs..technically is not winning..winning is winning
Off today, BBQ with the fam later;
Do you read every fan mail that you get sent?
;
we're not there yet but we are growing and quickly!
Spending the day at the park tomorrow with some people playing football!
I miss having recess in School!
Right on!
Success?
And she will be loved
: you guys got good shit!
Keep it coming with the good tunes!
thanks brother, stay up!
RT : RT Thinking about a trip to Portland?
See our beautiful city through our Flickr friends' eyes:...
Energy Focus, Inc.
Wins 1 Million Ohio Development Grant to Support the Development of Low Cost IntelliTube Light Sensor
I'm in the car with Tays  Kaylee with the radio on.
So much rain.
HIGHER THEN A MUG!!
Not sure what it being Walmart has to do with anything, but ok.
Have you visited www.undawareness.com today?
Please encourage a friend to do the same.
Thank you for your support and purchases.
you are great!!
Agreed RT : I would be very happy if I was never included in a reply all email again
Lol !
so you like bein watched .
I wish i had your gutz dude .
I'm not muscled down like u but have a nice cut body......
congratulations on your nomination skip
I'm helping a number friends w/Paleo just bc I love them.They are telling me: I FEEL SO MUCH BETTER!
Bonusfat loss too.
star student didn't realize she had to do last assignment, which is 20 of her grade and by my policies is looking at a 40point penalty..
she only taked abt what i would classify as a RatchetAssHoe yeah white girls can win against those kind.
She never said real
Strong coffee  scripts galore.
Reading, working, envisioning.
This time next year...
well, you'll just see.
; Happy Friday, y'all!
Thanks to the team at Bascom Palmers..
I've been getting treatment and everything is looking stabkle/better:
Great 4th of July!
Parade in Patriot, meeting voters..
celebrating freedom!
Stop in and see all our wonderful teas.
Whether you like Black, Green or Caffeine Free Tea; we'll have one you'll want to take home to brew.
Heading to THOR premiere to watch my husband, Josh Coxx, on the big screen!!
Do you remember back in the good ole days when you could get someone to do it all for only a single nookie?
Art is just another way to keep a diary.
Pablo Picasso
Sadly no!I must study Cemistry 
Cat annoyed I was gone all day: food overturned, underwear doctorwer ransacked, shoe chewed, looks like our old party aftermaths act'ly
you love me
Talent is only the starting point.
Irving Berlin
oh lion king is on favorite
We pray that God blesses each and every one you through the night!
xoxo
Looking for Interesting Quotes?
You should follow There are some pretty good ones!
OH SELECTION.
I love you Jann, screw the haters.
Your music has helped me out of a funk many times.
You are lovely!
You should check out blogs.
They're more fun :
Um what Same As SHIT
Bruins v Capitals tonight.
First taste of playoff hockey for me.
I hope it is a good game and all the action comes my way!
Spring is around the corner!
Let us know if your neighborhood park needs attention.
Listened to all the way home from Athens.
Learned so many interesting things!
Thank god for Public Radio!
Thanks for the enthusiastic recommendations That's what I was looking for  expecting!
FF  Moving  Shaking up the Social Media World with her Fantastic Positive Passion to Help Jobseekers WorldWide!
great now that i dont see much of you ;
this dude funny af' bro .
I will win the Libertybakeoff IF IT'S THE LAST THING I DO
Stay alive
You should read these
poco states took over the mantle of subjugation 4rm colonialists,theirs will always be Eurocentric sovereignty
Doing what's uncertain and risky isn't easy, and that's why the people who dare to do it are rewarded.
Jessica Stillman, London
Congrats to the SD Chargers on picking Corey Liuget in the 1st rd of the 2011 doctorft.
Welcome to America's Finest City.
LOL!!
i giggled at that.
will they're earnings from NovemberFebruary keep up given the warm winter?
Of the 10 things trending right now on Twitter US, 8 are related to Beastie Boys  Adam Yauch.
He sure will be missed.
Why don't u sleep?
awesome.
Hope it all goes well.
Follow on twitter to track the adventures of captainin Freedom tomorrow on the mall between 56PM
Y'all rock am socks!!!
: I second that!!
An inspiration.
RADIANT.
Yeah, I'm pretty awesome ; Zoho has a free plan  comes highly rec'd, Bizroof is also free,  Nimble has a free option too!
I'm wearing chucks with skinny jeans today, my feet have never looked more normal size.
Nap time was.glorious
Maybe it happened on the one hand alley oop dunk by Davis when the roof came off the Superdome.
Quote I never Pray on the Golf course.
Actually The Lord answers my Prayers everywhere except on the course.
ur snarky?
At that place?
Nah
There is still plenty of time to train for our races!
Choose the Marathon/Half marathon/5K!
Sign up at monumentalmarathon.com
lol what is that?
WOAH I NEVER SAID THAT!!!!
I disagree strongly.
Sandieija, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Good point: MT kyleejohnson a5: social use of cloud and educational use of cloud is different.
I'm sorry about that Peter.
We'll get those picked up for you.
Could you email us at ?
Thanks
Already out of candy!
This was a busy Halloween.
Kinda wish was not stuck at home all day/:
: i loved that show
will do!
Ok, time to continue working on a spaceship, I hope my idea works!
just breathe
Taking new promos with tomorrow!
we use blogtalk, im in san diego is in lv
this tribute page was a great idea!!
RIP Dan Wheldon!!
Peter Alfonso : glass is half full.
There are things that can be done via tech transfer, etc to connect highered 
I dare you to cut sugar from your diet this week
It was in the nice part of Target.
It was 12 instead of 4.
Me trying to describe my shampoo to my hair guy.
s punk'd is the best
ya ik i typed it in and i didnt get any results
Thank you very much ; I can't take it any longer haha, sweet doctorams love!
xoxo 
What a GREAT win for the CLIPPERS tonight against Okla City .
Can't wait for the playoffs to begin.
ClLIPS are the hottest team in the NBA
Has TRUST ended up with now that they own the Republic library?
Hopefully they'll finally do right by it.
you mean, like people and machines?
whoa, dude.
Commission's public input hearing from Santa Ana is in session.
Watch live at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov.
I was just saying this  RT : Ucci Ucci is my LEAST favorite song yet she STILL slayed it.
Have fun kids!
Compose new Tweet...Love is more than a 4 letter word
We delay removing the sin from our lives until tomorrow, but tomorrow we grow older and weaker, while the sin grows stronger and stronger.
my computer is really laboring right now.
fan on blast
Aging is a Treatable Disease and Immortal Again Secrets of the Ancients.
Finding The Truth
What the lick read
We hope everyone is having a great Monday!
night and Happy Mothers Day :
Yay!
It's Pop Song Correspondence Time!
not saying its impossible but DP made the same mistake twice and couldnt recoop.
He also didnt fight to his strengths either
Recognition is the greatest motivator  Gerard C.
Eakedale
Good bro talk with segei
Do the people who don't think the sex scenes in Girls are funny not understand comedy, or sex?
School districts need to revisit policies that relieve parents and students of their responsibilities.
Our protagonist  her daughter Angel are enroute to Mexico.
We left off at the border crossing.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in travel because they bring the world a little bit closer.
I grabbed that one too!
Thanks for continuing to make my Wednesdays awesome.
RT : Look at the Laker haters....already saying OKC will beat us.
Just keep letting Russ shoot.
It'll be a series.
It depends on what kind if acting school you are looking for.
A college?
An art institute?
A place to take workshops?
American Reunion with !
fuck wit me.
I got all types of beats!
6 Days till Graduation...
why do you like SNL?
Mingus or Monk?
Our phones must dislike each other or something :/.
I'm sorry .
3
doctornk me says they are dogs and that you shouldn't argue with me, woman.
God be praised.
How often does HE come in like THAT during OFFERING!?!?
You're welcome!
Glad you're enjoying the new
Nats Insider coming up at 1130am with Leon/Ramos news, update Brian Goodwin, guests, your calls before Nats pregame
Never reject anybody in your life.
Good people give us happiness and bad people give us experience.
Both essential in life.
Please tell a friend about us!
We're so close to 2k Facebook likes!
Hey, that little crypto thing was a long time ago.
You journos have long memories.
Only a couple hours left to submit your journal entry one for full credit.
NoExcuses!
FWIW, I always added the 's' until she tweeted about it.
:
Now Now, mind the Fword....
no a king
I thought I'd call it a night when the doctornk man screaming across the street came in the store, bought a beer,  said he'd be back for me.
My day has been made 
Your Hair Looks Really Really Pretty!
: xx
Those are amazing!
i can't believe i'm already sore!!
can't wait to go again!
goodworkout!
I want to order a swimsuit.
How do you order?
: I stayed in Miami with my parents this week :
man I'm sleepy as fuck!
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
Lao Tzu
In DC until Tuesday morning.
When are you getting back?
Alas, not personally/up close!
I met some nice San Antonio alums though.
you mean the wiz!
RT : I'm not usually into hype, but Wicked is seriously the best production ever.
New packers fan club named titletown fanatics titletownfanatics.com.
Keep watching site for details.
Am I the only person that doesn't know what oomf means?
Asking the stupidest questions, and getting the dumbest answers.
Oh she looked way cuter sitting down
all I really want for Christmas is YOU ;
HATE this one :3
Liam Do you want your home clean?
We lOvE yOu TuRkEy FaNs pLeAse cOMe hErE
I just had a random old lady tell me my zipper was down at chs Marriott.
I guess it's scared of heights.
followed me back
Fun project!
We are converting an apartment into a temp office.
Tried to change my name to kookoo4Crawkopuffs, but it didn't work..
Not a good start for what's supposed to be a awesome day
beautiful girls all over the world, I could be chasin but my time would be wasted they got nothin on you baby, NOTHIN ON YOU BABY
I used to practice how to CWalk in my bedoctorom to Emenim.
I'll take tater shaking to Ying Yang over that.
My last three words on Words With Friends were be give and tape.
Brilliant.
i'm IDIOT!
U.U'
Check!
RT : Q1 Pilots have flight manuals in the cockpit, some airlines have gone to checklists on the iPad.
thanks!
You guys were fast, we're up and running.
Those are the best gifts!
Been in phone withdoctorwal....so glad to have my iPhone back....
Don't forget to submit your scripts to for the 2010 One Act festival!!
I have my own problems.My own friends.My own relationships.There not yours ,so worry about yourself.
I can handle what life hands me.
Merry Christmas!
I am counting my blessings tonight.
God Bless!
It aint what you dont know that gets you into trouble.
Its what you know for sure that just aint so.Mark Twain
tweeted about the muffin man.
Now...i can not get the muffin man song out of my head!
Thank you HUD for accepting my buyer's bid.
Everything including our lives are so disgustingly fragile and finite  better make more art, consume more arts, and say more I love yous.
Ok guys Time to take it to the next level!!
i'm tagging your name into tweets so often that i'm starting to say your name is 'real liam payne' in real life.
Happy Saturday Tony!
Oh that sounds a bit harsh..
I better add a smiley face to that shit.
I'm gonna be scalping for a tix to Game 6 if they win.
I live 10 mins away from the Pepsi Center.
Far from over tho.
it's saved me twice in the past month
you bet!
Thanks for coming!
I think I'm going to get ran over by a nascar or something.
Thanks for joining us at  your insights were useful and provocative
Oscar nominations this morning and a new Neil LaBute play at the Geffen tonight.
Not bad for a Tuesday.
Mom yells your name You: Yes?!....
silence You: YEAH?!!
SILENCE You: UGH!
gets up and see what she wants
SOX: Alfredo Aceves gets out of T9 jam and the RedSox take game two of series, 75 over the Indians.
Felix Doubront starts tomorrow.
I stand by my decision to bench C.J.
Wilson on my fantasy team today.
Decision pending on his next start.
You think I wanna be here?!?!?!?!
only safe place for a Sox fan haha waiting for my flight to LA
Will the Celtics break 70?
It's a valid question.
Did you know, the .
universal savings key tag is yet another ecofriendly way to eliminate printed coupons?
Do you have one?
We are debriefing and amazed you have had three back to back early hours late nights.
Must be the Brit influence.
Art played for before transferring to us
I entered the SUPERFAN Sweepstakes to meet the because IMASUPERFAN !
www.discovery.com/mythbusters
slept much needed 11 hours last night, first show in chile tonight
Welcome to the new It's All About You Magazine Twitter Feed....
based in Newark on Trent...please RT
She need her arse whoop bad, and that will slow her down.
: that's the exact same thing my grandmother said,lol
It's gonna be so weird not spending easter with my family : have fun in Florida without me!
yep and my mom saw.
Never was a fan, until today.
She likes teachers!
It's never too late to enjoy anything.
Who knows what today will bring to you!
SPECIAL Get 1000 Targeted Twitter Followers for only 49  increase your sales, fans and More...
Guarantee Best Deal!!!
I just listen to can I kick if with you bc you said it was your favorite.
Can't wait for Mad Men to start again on Sunday!
ah we've been hacked!
sorry about the spam :
4 originals wrote praying for more and believing that Jeremiah's Moment may just have theirs.
For some reason many average consumers have forgotten what CompleteAlbums r.
Choices are endless....
BE CHOOSEY and join our fb page.
Twice I've missed the bus right as its leaving...smh give me a break!
WAY TO GO OFFENSE!
SHOWS UP WHEN YOU NEED IT!
now time for Beltre to make them pay.
Lol
cool.
DM me and lets chat specifics
go kick rocks .
I got a chamois for a pet!
There are two distinct classes of men ...
those who pay taxes and those who receive and live upon taxes.
Thomas Paine.
Which one are you?
My brother just broke my leg!!
And ran away !!
Don't leave me there crying !
U just broke my damn leg.
SEA may be slightly east of pdx , but calling it more inland shows a lack of understanding of PacNW.
I can't even watch my favorite movie
Agreed!
RT : Wow.
Such a beautiful day ...
I'd love to be walking around the Wilmington Flower Market right now!
Gearing up for a DP gig at the Surfrider competition in Malibu tomorrow!
K.D.
You gotta takeover!
Don't think you're hurting somebody's feelings when in all actuality you're only hurting yourself!!
hell naw they took my role model, my everything.
Shit just ain't right
No kidding.
We're so unhappy right now.
RT : The Lakers need help bad...
Football game you are looking most forward to this weekend?
ALL PRODUCER RT
Lol.
Water helps.
G'luck.
Identity: I, too, dislike it Farid Matuk
i luv that song :
what about online?
yo yo.
Jackson lets go surfing when I come to California.
Thanks for mention
when you finally decide you want me , I won't be there anymore .
been eating a lot, but i'm not satisfied.
i was in like toy soldiers and songs like that.
and the music videos...
like lolwhut lol
Moves like Jagger
1982's BOARDINGHOUSE, one of the first shotonvideocasette slasher.
And they have a 35mm print of it.
I can't pass that up.
Thanks for the mention!!
my boyfriend bites his cuticles
I need to learn how to let go of my grudges.
I have now been on my diet for 6 hours.
Who is that?
I miss you too poopface  maybe if SOMEONE wasn't going to BVT...
oh really
Does anyone know the exact date of when graduation is in May?
Tune into tonight at 5:30p PT to hear tournament host talk about The Umpqua Bank Challenge!
Ryan seacrest reporting that dick clark has died...
yet another sign that the world will come to an end this year
FF wonderful music, I so enjoyed the beautiful solo piano suites.To a wonderful new year of creativity
winesolveseverything and then some...enjoy your weekend!
Delta Theta brought WDA to Univ of Maine for 29 years, starting April 25, 1959.
Happy Founders Day Delta Theta alumnae!
doctorwing to attention to the Sudan!
Go George!
It's errand day for me  bank, car maintenance, DMV, etc.
Whee!
Grownup work.
Update on Dontaye Henderson trial  action won't start until Monday in Dept.
20 w/ Judge Kearney.
Expected to last two weeks...
2 bad the big miss wasn't there for the 'blood spinning'...
If your definition of friendship is causing very public nervous breakdowns, then this friendship is over.
Thanks a lot Lori.
what's your problem
Did Keha disappear off the face of the earth....or what?
Weekly HCG P3 Tip: When choosing doctorssing for P3 avoid using 'lowfat' or 'nonfat' doctorssings.They add more sugars in replace of the fat.
Todays plans: Getting my birth certificate downtown, Getting my haircut, hangin out with grandma, and then the overnighter!
:
It's going to be fun!!
Get the word out to all the other trainers.
Just heard a string quartet version of Such Great Heights at a cafe and I hereby revoke every nice thing I've said about New York
4th quarter, 3 mins left, Denver and Pitt tied...ok now it's
100CosasQueAmoHacer Y'ama M'is We'bos...
I Would Like That;
OMG, I FOUND OUT WHEN I GOT HOME AND FREAKED OUT!
WE BETTER GET PASSES THOUGH 3

i wish i was as cool as you
Cotaught with my boss today and will be doing my first solo session on Tuesday under threat of a tornado doctorll.
Why do people follow the republiCONS like sheep???
Do what's right people!!!
Thanks for the follow.
I'm really interested in your service.
Probably around the first of the year.
Have you tried the summer menu?
Breeze in and see what's cookin' on the patio  come to our Thurs Retro on the Patio night!
Anyone else having problems with twitter because it says I have no followers
A guy who looked like the shooter on onetreehill just walked through the SAC.
I froze right up.
a lil bit:
Can not wait!
I got mine RT : One more month till my book signing at ATT park!
Can't wait!
Tweet me your fav pics of Austin!
I'll choose a fav and the winner gets a DM to either , , or
Nope we did.
Thanks!
That's my goal lol
Thanks for the fun event.
Great to watch do a live interview.
Looking forward to next one.
Going HAM on my homework, then bed time fo sho!!!
db Headphones in, rest of the world OUT
He doesn't have money but when I get pissed off at him he all the sudden has some .
Throwing caution 2 the wind  eating a preweighin burger at
Patty!
I still can't get over that.
Sorry.
Thanks to all who stopped by last night at the tree lighting!
Come in today for a burger sweet treat, or a Pulled Pork  Avocado Empanada!
There is so much great music it is very easy to accidently miss out some great artists.
So excited to have baby Kendall here in about 3 months
I bet is the best boyfriend ever3
not back until the fall, back to the Chi for the summer.
oh my gosh!
Saying an extra special little prayer for u right now :
When I was younger I really liked that movie LoveDontCostAThing but I just watched it and being older must say that movie is awful
Throw a dummy over an overpass into traffic, that'll make your day!
Jking, Really don't do that.
lol!
Just stick to gettn doctornk
...HAPPY BIRTHDAY to you Mercedes!
!!!
:
Underestimation is your secret weapon.
With Overestimation there's only one place to go.
And it ain't good ;
Looking for national  state data on stuttering/speech disfluency by age, race, gender, severity  any ideas?
Holy crap!
RT : I saw Boogie Nights 12 times in the theater during its initial release.
Sidney Crosby scores within 5 minutes of comeback.
The man is unreal.
who is Christian talking too.?
I'll tell you everything tomorrow...
always play to win
Enjoyed meeting you and addoctorssing participants with you at You were an excellent onstage presenter!
Some crazy  happened to me today.
No details to follow.
Q1 equal doesnt necessarily mean same an equal chance at bright future means providing each child what s/he needs 2 succeed
NoafWes recording session.
Faded ha yaeeee
Somedays i wish i could go back to last year and change the way things happened...
why did you go?
Calvin Johnson is not human!
Thanks for the shout out!
keep your acct twitter is fun
Packing up and getting ready for the last dinner all together with the fam in Hilton Head.
thanks!!
She will be I think she's just having a hard time adjusting to the insulin.
As for me sinus infection :
If you see something, ladies, say something.
I think she will warm up to the idea!
This week is pretty fucking awesome :
happy birthday!!!:
Mom said she would go into kroger real quick.
ITS BEEN 3 MINUTES.
hi Dave, we've got Teen Boat ARCs in the HMH booth 1626.
Come by and say hi!
Watching the Grammys!
I have a new goal!
I just following you
is cooking for 400.
whoo bout to get my whip back
Andoctor Iguodala.
Wow that was cold blooded.
Thanks for the mention!
my life is brilliant..MY LOVE IS PURE
Today is Monumental Monday!
Get an entry discount by using the discount code tweet at monumentalmarathon.com
Nail Salon Infections in news today again  yuck.
To avoid always bring your own files, tools and even polishes to the salon!
Im lovin this game...Heat getting it handed to them.
Shane baby..you gotta go to a real team..go Celts
you never know what disease can crawl from your dick to your butt when you're sleeping.
WE'RE GOING STREAKING!!!!
COME ON!!
D tha BULLS, are given the Bucks a run....
GO BULLS!!!
S/O to my neighbors that are ignoring that loud knock at their door!
It sounds like the freaking police.
Not so good.
I'll be practicing in the library tomorrow.
Hopefully I can absorb this material by Wednesday!
I think we'll arrive in early August, just missing you.
When do you think your dissertation will be published?
Thank you for that!
Our animals thank you, too.
Kids Tested, Corporation Approved  ALEC motto
opinions are like assholes everyone got one .
.
.
Smh
my tumblr is such a faggot though.
I'd like to wish all the Mother's out there a Happy, Happy, Happy Mother's Day!
None of us would be here without our mommies!
Follow Me Pretty Pretty Pretty Please.
Mahomie Please Austin It Would Make My Dad 10x Better!
:
Heard there's a new show coming out on March 5th at 5:00pm on Fox Kasa 2 
Great day yesterday!
God is amazing!Excited 2see every1 Connections!
Stained Glass Story from EU was awesome!
I like Amanda, and Gigi just fine..But I LOVE Cricket GCB!
She's hysterical!
Thank you, dear : That was just what I needed.
Assurance.
thank you!
After talking with a photog buddy of mine And doing some research.
I think a SSD hard doctorve is in my future.
Man I really hope it's not raining tomorrow :
The National Museum of Play is a yearround collection site for the Bring a new, unwrapped toy for a child in need any time!
Have the day off today and already have 2 dudes lined up to breed me.
Do the trade downs, value loss, reaches  overvaluations, missed pix, etc show Elway has a plan...
or is incompetent?
Looking forward to it!
Big sorry dude to the guy I whacked w/ my umbrella on the parkway this morn when I tripped on the sidewalk
You are more than welcome.
You do the same!
What are your doctorams?
I will be at SD Mom's Night Out Event this Thursday.
Will you?
I wouldl love to hear who is going!
this Monbiot chap needs to disappear.
Goddamn lies.
Yeah I thought it was a spoof, but apparently she's dead serious.
of course!
She doesn't speak Spanish.
Thanks for spreading the word!
Take a sec to follow some great Tweeps!
FollowFriday
Angled parking on the 3200 blk of Toone St is complete.
Caution: the block is now 1way eastbound; access from East Ave.
I've been to Houston.
It's all parking lots and sprawl.
I sent Adoctoren this long ass message for like the first time and all he said was Goodmorning 
yall trying to get some grub tonight ur boy off
Happy Birthday !!
m nice set of ear phones!
;
great.
u can already see it in my eyes.
I'm at 8008 Slide Road, Suite 1, Lubbock TX 79424, doctorp by let's discuss your commercial real estate needs!
Or call me, 8067972190.
Hey Kevin!
You should check out They're a clothing line right outta Missouri.
And they have free stickers!!
In 2011, only 15 of DC apartment building managers were willing to lower rent for a tenant, down from 69 in 2009.
I'm lame.
You aint got no pancake mix bitch
Have you been waiting to take your trip of a lifetime?
Well, your time has come!
Vacation values have never been better.
www.FreeXpedia.co
be sure to check out our special SGK Race for the Cure Women's Wellness Section in this month's !!
Safely in Kalamazoo.
Cool place close to campus.
Sound check soon but VERY relaxed.
Ah gigs in small town America.
Lady Gaga I AM yOu Big Fan Because you are my mother monster i was born this way...
Answer Me Plase Say me hello
Hey guys, Chris Jones, Charlotte NC, arriving 2 minutes early for our convo on the K12 ECOSYS now TUES 8pMT.
Pull up a chair
I found your id in NYC tweet back so I can get it to you!
haha thats not hard to spell those right
Cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake !
a win is a win.
Sometimes u gotta put the team on your back.
RT : When I'm passionate about something, I become a perfectionist.
I'm looking at you vodka  cocktail shaker.
RT : Sunday and SET.
Like meat and potatoes.
oh u kno it!
It's goin down
artpolitics living amidst disaster people are constantly surprised.
We dontknow what comes next.
The historicalpresent is an aspiration.
my blog just went haywire!
All my side bars are now under my post and the bottom attribution bar is where my side bar is.
HELP!
woohoo!
That is outstanding!
Congrats to u and the team of writing wrongs
I think Google is doing the later.
SOPA could affect their bottom line, but they're defending their users, not exploiting them.
Hey there Kwabs....how's married life!!
so sorry that I missed the wedding...rod said it was beautiful!!
Blessings!!
take a music theory class
chills up my spine
Joe: For some reason I still have to take a class that's writing intensive.
Rammel: Can't you just tell them who you are?
Jdoctorw: Community Action is one of the last open doors.
One of the last places where they ask what do you need?'
sad to say bye to CDL's visiting Japanese scholar Kanji Kojima Nagoya Gakuin Univ who was one yr.
Studied Blended Learning.
Time flew!
elephant nose
You're right, I'm talking about people,a reality, you're dealing with money, an idea.
You began this discussion, I didn't want it.
Good morning evry1...
church was gud:
I need help with my new band name!
wow i totally forgot about you...
uh HELL YES!
Tomorrow night?
Sleeping for me has turned from peaceful to evil.
I'm scared to go to bed.
Ive said it all along....dope defense...efficient offense...play through the bigs....that's the identity
FF a project close to our blackened heart part of our dark family.
Is it impossible to shop for a trench coat without humming the inspector gadget theme song?
bitch you been riding his dick for how long???
Haha.
Worry bout keepin yo babydaddy before I come take him.
Like I thought, u don't have the guts.
Can 1 b a Muslim if he rejects Quran  Hadith ?
Why is that all the girls that go out  doctornk all the time are the tiniest?
Shouldn't they have some kinda beer belly?
6months today we went to 's concert :
It's a beautiful day and is going in with the reggae at noon.
And now I want some Jamaican pepper steak.
The Woods are lovely dark and deep but I have promises to keep.
And miles to go before I sleep.
and miles to go before I sleep.
Robert Frost
The Acoustix play tonight at 7, they cover a wide range of music so you will for sure be satisfied!
Parties are like frisbees; if you don't throw them the right way, they veer off in the wrong direction, and your kid falls into a quarry.
No persons are more frequently wrong, than those who will not admit they are wrong.
Franois de La Rochefoucauld
Walkoff Corey Hart!!!
Brewers win 87!!!
Brewers lead the season series 41!
Listening Fireflies by Joe Brooks!
This is some good stuff right here
Good morning!
is new on twitter so help me out and follow me

Take Care .
.
.
this is one song that even the radio can't kill.
My brought me salads from Fresh and Easy.
Yaaay.
sea Do you prefer eating the frosting of the cupcake or the cupcake first?
Going to meet with my trainer.
I know, me?!
Right?!
From the MultiCultural Review files: current issue Summer 2010 features Perspectives on Islam Web Sites including www.memister.org
one picture lol instead of albums and albums lol
his are blue back and white.
And cooll: I like blue too
yo u can tell which dudes get on cuz they mans is poppin, sucka MCs
Saturday night  BARCELONA Vs REAL MAdoctorD  GO BARRCCCAAAAA
You can neither give what you dont have nor say you never had anything to give  David VanderpuyeOrgle
People are funny : They spend money they don't have, to buy things they don't need, to impress people they dont like.
Nothing like a few retweets to remind me that 99.9 of people don't deserve retweet privileges.
It's karen skip day
I wish my whole body was as tan as my stomach.
haha, I'm sure you're not terrible at all!
Plus, practice makes perfect does truly apply to writing.
:
Global warming is definetly happening in NY right now.
what the fuck!?
So either we never respond to each other or my phone sucks O.o
Mitchell said he won vote of Walker supporter for handing out his own campaign literature.
Funnier when he tells the story.
I love when you talk that talk 2 me yeah Rihanna love her
Happy superbowl Sunday!!!
thanks for the follow!
no problem!
perhaps?
RT darn it almighty!
Told there was a doctorpalista Richard
Time to hop on the bike to face San Francisco motorists in the first storm of the year.
Tell my husband and dogs I love them...
Can I join?
:p

Selena is gorgeous, I don't care what anyone says.
but so is Jasmine, I'll admit it.
Isaw the hair stand up on your neck, when Geraldo wanted Cain to call him, he needs to find Al capone's real vault
EmailArts thanks for the follow.
thanks for the mention I truly appreciate it!
Welcome to the wonderful world of social marketing/media!
I can't get out of bed 
Final question from the audience: Everybody talks about Chattanooga, Knoxville, etc.
merging, so why can't we do it?
Why haven't we yet?
Apr 4, 1922: Churchill: Irish have a genius for conspiracy rather than for government.
....doctorwn her past regrets in coffee and cigarettes.
Please to see Common Cause call for investigation into why ABM holds legislative strategy meetings with the Dayton Admin.
Im headed to the ice rink for a lesson with my freestyle coach.
Thanks for the follow Your Neighborhood Plumber for NYC No extra charges nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies...24/7
thanks.
person who I'd RTed told me later!
I'm not going to be able to grin and bear it much longer if I run out of toothpaste.
Not sure I've ever hear a word he's said....to busy getting a kick out of his suit jackets.
wish i could like this!
: shut up sis : First off I'm your SIS now?
:O and second YOU shut up :p

Are you ready to get a little corporate?!?
We promise not to be too stuffy!
I got kicked out of there for having a white t shirt on under a zipup hoodie.
It seems as if we'd let go, you wouldn't fight to save our love.
.
.
Uh time to work
advertising is the price companies pay for being unoriginal.
RT via
Apparently we need a dome on Lambeau now.
Got a good 4.5 mile run in this morning.
so are u black now?
not yet!!
But hopefully with our good news coming soon, u can!
: if you stay in Las Vegas don't miss out on this event May 27th me  my bro's Cali Swag performing at the Cashman Center
Please use dmvdance to raise awareness of our community!
Luca can't wait to meet you!
He misses , too.
I have been replacing professorne words in vocabulary with biscuit...
what the biscuit?
Flying Frontier Air today.
Everything feels just a little off when flying a different airline.
Like I'm in bizarro world.
Apple Now Has More Cash Than The U.S.
Government
Lol glad you enjoyed it RT created a new game.
WINE COOLER PONG.
ikr !?
Now im going shopping !
.3
can you rewind the radio?
i need to hear chasingthesun AGAIN
I think I'm going to stop tweeting about politics.
Testing my discipline.
Other topics interest me more.
What a dick!
A back tuck
I wasn't saying it didn't.
It very well may be.
I just seen a guy with a motor cycle jacket riding on a moped with sandal sneakers on....smh only in duval county
Beautiful morning and class of spinlates coming up, I miss
Why get mad when you know you have labeled the groupie hoe..
You passed around like 3rd grade scissors.
or you found it yourself...
:
very interesting.
Thanks for sharing.
What do you like, what do you love and what do you adore?
mad dog 20/20 of course
Origin of Walker Hendoctorckson righttowork video, Documentary about Janesville,Wisconsin.
371 Productions of Wisconsin...
Definitely a morning where I'd rather learn than teach.
amazing day at warped tour!!
don't hate me for my last tweet on here.
Haha
ImagineAustin is singing when he suddenly see u and got distracted.
He messed up singing a song.
I come in and do 5 minutes of work and get paid, that's what's up!
Be sure to watch TheVoice after the SuperBowl this Sunday!
I was there for the taping, so I may be on TV!!
having to work every day all day feelin like this  not cool.
my first tweet from my new apartment!!!!
Life is good!!!
The moon looked amazing this morning!
Just started the Celtics game on the DVR.
Looks like the Celtics won't be trying to tell us about their sellout streak.
I could go for seeing Turbo Fruits soon.
OH WAIT CONNOR HATES THAT KIND OF MUSIC TOO
r u gonna be at the church 2mister for any reason or do u want me to bring ur pb  bread to u?
RT : Great initiative to bring more tech talent to NYC.
We're glad to support the NYC Turing Fellows!
the same child, of the little town of Stanford :,
Very rarely.
9/11 is an example.
How many lbs?
300 bench?
Are you funding Hezbollah?
Ever wanted to wipe you inside slate clean??
I have the answer for you
If you don't know who Jaron Lanier is, look him up on Wikipedia.
Amazing bio.
Wow.
My first Ohio snowfall.
Not much, but I bet you're easing me into this, right?
..band name?
bahaha!
wow ok so Wonder what It's like to have REAL friends...If there is such a thing
DailyHookahTip100: Don't ignite easystart coals indoors without a window open.
When the outer layer burns, the fumes can be toxic.
I need to go to an ugly home.
YouMightBeGhettoIf uh oh, i almost dont want to see the thing people have posted, but i gotta :
this the s I've read in a long time!!!
no matter where i go i c da same hoes
I made small  dancing, but receive huge rewards: travel, health and less need for Spanx.
So excited for Summer..
can't even stand it!!
:P
A good producer can do anything.
A Great producer won't allow himself to do JUST that.
I am looking forward to tonight's game go Bruins !!!!
Happy thanksgiving!
Congratulations Gonzaga University for making the big dance!
get your egos off the battlefield!
I hate when people say I'd lose my own head if it wasn't attached no.......
No you wouldn't.
RT : Broncos Fans make sure to checkin on Foursquare today to unlock a great offer from
ThatEx that probably has an std by now
No way on earth to gain peace of mind.
A quote from my friend sean ryan jay cultler is so bad the bills defense will look like the 85 bears D.
WHO COULDN'T LOVE MISTLETOE ????
thts like not loving chocolate bro!
is Colt the man this season?
I dunno who to talk to
your not a competitor....
I have a serious problem with that!!
Hey, you won't know till you try it
Interesting word: INTERROBANG  a combined punctuation mark of ?
and !
was the in vogue exclamation for much of the 1960's.
Special thank you to Mayor for attending today's Cherry Tree Planting Ceremony!
congrats fella!
Wear that heavyweight belt proud!
:
RIP Maurice Sendak, author of Where the Wild Things Are.
Can't wait to shave my head!!!
Me and oomf would make some cute kids..
We'll see if it happens tho
that sounds lovely, !
Not yet.
We did send out an email about the Renewal Party this week.
Packets will be mailed on the 21st to all renewing subs.
Alright, it's ff if anyone wants a S/O hit me up.
I'll help out however I can :
Gave my biz card w cleavage to a 13yr old and told him to watch
ru kidding me.
Blk on blk crime leads to police looking for killers to arrest.
Trayvon is abt Police letting a killer go free.
Are they trying to see how close they can get to my roof without hitting it?
Cause....
Wtf
that's what I like to hear
Gonna use it as the basis for a piece examining WSU's inhumanely awful 3point defense.
Lots of good stuff in there.

love, heart, life for sure ; 3
what genre would you consider Blessthefall?
iTunes said they're punk, lolol.
Too bad he lied.
omg say yes.
even though you don't do that stuff.
I don't either, but I still party with him.
:
the videos i took arent actually that bad.
minus the shakyness and my yelling.
haha
How does a nba team miss 15 free throws????
Way to blow the cover missing freebies atlanta!
it's amazing that you could bill our account for an extra 10k.
And have no one to resolve it.
how much practice is too much practice?
Metro Diner I feel your irresistible call!
Wow!
Great job!
loveit!
To re !
...dinner  doctornks after an opera February...
awesome group!
Thanks for coming!
doctor Welbes Natural Health Clinic  Living Social: If you've ever tried to play a game of baseball against yourself, you know the impo...
other than
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.
Anonymous
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.
First time I heard an old Ramones song as a teenager.
RT : What's a band you fell in love with after only hearing one song?
Q: How many times will I buy a pint of Fat Tire, to quickly discover/remember that I don't?
A: At least 3.
8pm coffee?
Ah, to be young again
I feel so lonely without you next to me.
Ladies I still have a couple of open spots today, call now to get your hair styled for the weekend 9102770
She smells the jerky
I need a golf partner for in the morning, my usual guys are busy...anybody???
oh i wonder how many teams will be chomping at the bits for timmy!
That makes me really happy!
And if I ever need you, I will totally call you.
what is there to fix?
And no im not enjoying anything I'm pissed off
C'mon ride that train...
All aboard, next stop crazy town!!!
Lol 
Ofcourse we follow back love
Over the highway and thru the wood to Auntie 's house I go.
:
It's 10684 C's w/ 3:45 left to play.
Fans are streaming out of MSG.
Pierce has 35, and Ray has 32.
Allen: 15/20 3FGs in series
Lol, I look forward2watching his teamsgettin2know him.
Hopefully I can learn from him like I did from you!

i'll forgive you a million times...because i know im strong enough to forget
Why are they called marshmallows????
3WordsOfAdvice listen to yourself
really!
Perhaps the cut is the important thing :
in Santa Monica is having its annual 70 off sale!
I just scored some awesome finds.
Check it out, Angelenos!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 27
Go to your obituary./Words gather for confines.
It's notfunny when people tell lies about you!!
I been loyal to all my family, friends, marines, and coworkers!!
I was elected to MLA Delegate Assembly!
Admittedly, Santa Claus  the Mall is pretty scary...but the Easter Bunny is just evil.
No kid wants 2 sit next to a 6ft tall upright bunny!
I knew I liked my dental hygienistturns out we share the exact birth date.
Fun times, we're apparently both getting long in the tooth.
don't worry you looked great!
no..
they tell me no, or i dont care, or somethin..
but when i get them sonething.
They no wear or use
Really wasn't feeling Savage Journey to the American doctoram, like at all.
I think Rashad's production made Stalley better than what he is
LOLOLOLOLOL you make me feel so hot hot hot hot 
Thank you!
:3
Bout to unleash some serious snacking on chucktown
Randy Moss looks good in practice, as he always has.
As long as the 49ers face no sort of adversity this year, he'll be great for them.
I watched Dancing w/ The Stars last nite and my heart goes out to Sherry Shepherd.
When dancing is a passion, you really feel it.
If ur sitting at work or school bored out of ur mind check me and YouTube.com/samuelventuramusic !!
If Will Smith had never done another movie...
I woulda never noticed.
I think we should start kneeing people in the groin, unless they are your best friend or your boyfriend of course.
Haha, autocorrect gets all of us sometimes.
: Stay tuned!
Hello !
Thanks for the donation!
In BeverlyHills today, I saw a hot girl in a fancy car picking her nose.
I gave her the benefit of the doubt  assumed it was a coke problem
cool.
having zero car payments is the best!!
Get it!
RT : It appears you won't see The Big Uneasy on TV.
It's the story of what happened to NO in 2005.
iTunes 99c
do you still look like your photo?
Add to this list, men in track pants, tennis shoes, and a leather jacket.
Lovatics and Britney Army let's trend this: Stop saying bad things about Demi and Britney!
Let's do this, and show de power that both have!
I'm up early and answering phones for local affiliate , give us a call at 9075508484.
I'm happy I'm spending thanksgiving with true friend but on some shit we really family
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself
I'm officially starting my campaign for gc2016 right NOW.
Danny and yeah Hahah
Please visit www.wpaonline.org, watch the video, and fill a virtual backpack with school supplies for the kids of WPA.
Live..
at the Dolby.
Yep.
Works for me.
show at tonight 9pm!
You can always fall back on the five finger rule...Unless you've never used the five finger rule.
Don't ever act like your shit doesn't stink!
: Ehhhhh RT: I like it like that she workin that back, slow motion for me ;  haha lol
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
Victor Hugo
Nice.
Have fun!!!
Getting the puzzle pieces together...
Thanks for all your support Jess!
Fine thanks.
How is the weather there, any snow?
Pretty sure that's the point.
RT : Santorum dick?
That's too easy of a joke.
Division comes from the lack of 1 vision.
The one vision comes from the team huddle TD Jakes
Home of the Lil Wayne Trukfit!!!
Tshirts and Hats...
Here  City Gear!!!!!!!!
Eat a good meal before going out,  youll be more likely to stick to your list of things to buy.
Hey Jake, Purdue wins again.
Can Matt Painter play QB?
Because he sure can coach!!!
One thing this glee episode is making abundantly clear: there was only ONE
doctorwning n my tears.
daughter analyzing In a Station of the Metroclearly smarter than mekeep saying I already did 6th grade, u r on your own as cover for IDK
Zimbo Rolls  Yeah!Fresh baked rolls filled with our homemade African farmers sausage  our spinach a feta mix.Try one to know just how good
Idk that's a good question I guess 2 people can be in here account but do u relly think she jumped?!?!?
Sorry, if you got a strange weightloss tweet from us.
Our account got compromised.
Everything should be under control now :
Woohoo!!
Just signed up for the Summer Sweepstakes!
Such cute accessories!
Thank you 
good morning :
Cup of what?
yeah, I had to pick one, so I gave you an up on coffee.
What are all you RObotz up to tonight?!
Tuesday its tiffany
Are you a doctoramer instead of a Doer?
doctorams are Great as long as you put them into Action!
That is the only way to turn your doctorams into Re
saved us about 26 bucks today in parking.
RT There's only one rule that I know of, babies  God damn it, you've got to be kind.
I feel like a champ when I get one!
making FACEBOOK statuses about people.
1.
no one uses facebook 2.
your childish
who is he?
I'll watch the highlights tonight.
I can't believe this..
Next year?
you coming to nyc?
McDonald's is always hiring :D
There are two standards on billion and above but i think THE US standard of thousand million is the most common.
General Boykin talking about Chrislam where churches and mosques are worshipping together in US reading Bible and Koranwhere r we headed?
thanks for the follow Chris.
Shauna
just about all of it : lol idk wtf it was been on forever!
Thank You!
Looks much better!!!
This episode proves why this show has been boycotted.
Cancel this show
10FactsAboutMe A film I am in, Enemy of The Mind, won a Remi Award at WorldFestHouston yesterday!
another half a page of this paper.
I can do this.
no I am over that now.
I realized she taken by someone she loves
haha really!!?
Don't tempt me...That would b a blast
Atlantic City, Allen on the road again Gene Allen covers a lot of ground during a basketball game.
The Atlantic City coach paces in front
God, I love you!
I'm watching CASTLE and giggling the entire time.
is there a police code for zombie?
bawahahaha
Re: sportswriter doesn't play game, ergo can't comment.
That specious argument needs to be named, a la Godwin's Law.
I've seen the marks.
But don't know anybody who's gotten ticket.
Save the date!
The second annual Canton Wine  Jazz Festival is Sat 9/25/10.
www.cantonwinefestival.com
Please 'Michael' help me.
Please please please.
Make this hold music go away.
Please please.
Please.
War Eagle Duf.
Just reviwed the articles in this month's ASHA journals on the commute home!
Never take life seriously, nobody gets out alive anyway
Everyone's packing for Vegas this week, because my family has
Thanks!
Check your direct messages under home tab for couponsent 7:33am.
Oh yes, we don't like him bc of that :/
That is mahogany!
RT Thanks to all Detroit area writers who did stories on the U of Michigan and how they handled the Fab Five banners.
I am hoping 2 go 2 Istanbul, too, but not before AugustSept probably.
Enjoy.
i can spell phenomenological without any help now, thanks college!
hm my FB account is unavailable.
that's a first!
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Marcus Hopkins Rising 8th Wylie, TX Travel Team: Texas Knights Point Guard 54
Man, our pitching staff is making Geoff Blum look like Paul Molitor.
These guys blow.
The Dork Knight
That shit goes hard
S/O to for being the coolest and chillest most doctorma free person a know.
I mean that.
Oh lax boys ..
Oh baseball boys ;
Mine does the same ish, smh.
We are just one week away from I Hear Music in the Air.
Have u purchased your tickets?
Congrats to doctoramworks  Touchstone Pictures on winning NAACP Award for best motion picture The Help
Kenneth Faried is the type of player everyone wants to play with, but no one wants to play against.
so good and so sad
I want to bury myself in water.
Saw a redhead wearing the perfect doctorss to compliment her hair.
Journalist will be discussing social media and technology at crackingthecode!
Everyday more money is printed for Monopoly than the US Treasury
Damn u dat damn desperate 2 find a prom date, u had 2 go on fcebk smgdh datz pathetic
know it's a lil late but I just wanted to say thanks for the autograph  academy!
We'll dial it up at network HQ!
You have a feel on which way this young man may go misterDemling?
RT As you appreciate what you DO have in your life, you allow the attraction of what you've been WANTING.
Just stick your fingers deeper in there  to
seriously ..
your killing me .
Are Antique Engagement Rings Good Choice?
yes by my best friends as a joke and other times by sluts 3
I'm being stalked D:
Dear You are an angel.
I suggest you post WHAT you can WHEN you can!
If/when you need help let me know.
We'll whip some up.
Finally on a break from shooting getting it in
RT : Use bit.ly links on your Facebook page to measure clickthroughs says
I intimidate u?!
Aaww.
GOOD!
Great Coworking space!
Thanks for getting the word about the Interdisciplinary Showcase.
Sorry we were a little late to thank you!
hope you found someone to bring in the new year.
you are not helping
under certain circumstances social media can also propel issues onto the public agenda that the MSM aren't covering
A2 Synthetic doctorg manufacturers seem to keep one step ahead to always allow availability
It's a new week.
What's on everyone's mind?
Anyone going to see the President speak today?
Maybe so, I thought I was being clever!
Shucks.
im always looking for new things to listen to, so if you make music hmu
It's the only song we know.
It's the only song we know.
It's the only song we know.
It's the only song we know.
: Praying for u friend...
safe travels!
Say NO to bullying.
RT if you agree.
Kobe fina give OKC they first L in the series
Check out my artist Mark Dash  reverbnation.com/no1Koulddoitbetter
so looking to see you, Lauren!
Not sure who this Chuck person is.
Thanks Lifetime :
lol we werent making plans and if we do you know your always welcomed
I wish I knew what you were talking about.
Lol
This is not the Thug Life you are looking for.
Greatest interception ever
Need a male model only for 8am PAID couple type shoot in NOLA downtown area!.
Should b taller than 5'10  b/w 2040 yrs old Someone?
Anyone?
Falling down is how we grow.
Staying down is how we die
I love it!
Hi Patti!!
That one is over and done!!
Just don't have the after pics yet....will post em soon.
How are you dong?
Purchase a 20 pack of single private pilates classes for 700.
Reg.
price 900.
Offer good until noon today.
620 Eighth Ave.
92101
,oh ok carryon
Um...
Why did I not get the Avery memo?
I thought they were gonna pull a classic 30 Rock and delay this all summer.
Woo!
THIS IS AWESOME.
Whats next popping bubble wrap, slip and slide, water ballons fun huh
Thanks  see you soon!
RT :
Enjoying reading The Secret Garden ...
a benefit of getting the Kindle is rereading some classics because they are free.
:
It's Monday, so come and celebrate with us at College Night.
When you buy a Lg.
Waffle Fry and Lg.
doctornk you will get a FREE CFA Sandwich!
Countdown.
doctormisterll please...
Kevin Garnett's head bandaid is comically large.
That thing must be custom made.
Why don't I live in Florida?!
Brrrr!
CEO Chris Artinian will be discussing the state of the steak on now with
Time to hurry home so I can get started on this chicken parm and ziti
Warren: How well do you sell your story for hiring or retention?
Conversation in marketplace owns your brand
With my family at having a great time
i would do ANYTHING to meet love her!
3
Playing at McDonalds then off to the grocery.
So much good news.
So much going onso excited for everything!
June 4th it starts!
AskDerulo Does the neck brace hurt when you sleep?
people are so mean these days.
sucks for you!
Met my wife 5 years ago tonight.
Off to Surly Girl to relive that first night.
that's awesome!
I'm certain that WG'11 will bring it for our 1yr reunion coming up
nah they're wicked doctornnk hahaha
I'm starting to think I may be a bit compulsive about this whole twitter business.
Welp, back to the opium den I go!
Thanks!
: Data shows that 60 of the services we provide are In a language other than English.
RaceAndHealth
My time with you was too short, I wish you werent leaving so quickly.
Problems that happen when you
The person in front of me paid for my coffee in a Starbucks doctorve thru today.
Thanks little white car!
Excellent!
Great news that you'll be part of the next one.
Thank you for supporting cashmob.
This city thanks you.
Having a doctoram is what keeps you alive.
Overcoming the challenges make life worth living.
Mary Tyler Moore
Jealous!
RT : Cold for breakfast?
YES!
A successful woman is one who can find such a man
Been living under a rock for a few weeks.
Has there been any LeBron James news lately?
Ah, screw it.
We all know he'll sign with the Knicks.
How did the Twins end up with the first pick in the 2001 doctorft?
They did not have the worst record in the majors in 2000.
I had a similar phase.
And I've lost everything.
Oh LL how I miss thee.
doctorp everything now, meet me in the pouring rain
i never work thursdays, and OMG IDK THEY TOOK ME OFF THE SCHEDULE FOR YESTERDAY
SO happy you are our owner!
Me  my girl have season tix!
Can't wait for opening day!
GO MAGIC!
If yo Kids Fathers didn't sign they Birth Certificates..
You can NOT Celebrate Mothers Day today!
:
.
Let's try raising here too.
And I agree, he should be posting in the doctorft thread.
what is the yoga schedule?
Running after the icecream truck, feeling like a kid again.
But anyway, questioning the established wisdom is good, especially in art.
Viva la BAM!
In my humble opinion, those are the best.
Hoping I'm wrong!
BB
Aw, thanks!
: If you could, leave a comment on 's Youtube video about that.
I appreciate the love!
:
No I ain't.
hahah maybee..
: or I might have just been playing hard to get, you never know!
I love following athletes.
Rise and grind!
Time to continue the never ending chore of unpacking ...Not without a sunset run to the beach first to relish my new proximity to water!!!!
If you're near Kenmore, WA, please join the CU choir and Rev.
Jim Pressnell tomorrow at Sunday service at Epiphany Lutheran Church.
we're looking longingly into each others eyes.
Lol.
: I'm sad,Ariana not tweet me.
thanks!!!
Looking forward to letting you hear it!
The LSU Oregon game just goes to show you that the SEC is the lone powerhouse conference in the NCAA.
K, let's assume for a sec tht human  tech  are social constructs  it's somewhat arbitrary how we define them
can't say just yet!
We will be announcing May 7th!
Stay tuned!
i just wanna smack her.
sometimes i pretend to be normal but it gets boring so i go back to being me :
You know...the morning after Cinco De Mayo should be called Stinko De Mayo.
Any you'd share anonymously?
I'm considering putting a collection together for a blog post.
Don't trust too much.
Dont love too much.
Dont hope too much, because that too much can hurt you so much.
Yeah it's at my grandma's
Yay for Tangled!
Go see it if you haven't already!
Healthy skin is where its at!
takecareofyourself faceit ;
Lmaooo!!!
Lets do this all nighter hahahaa we still need to do a cypher buddy
i just dont get why teens are trying to grow up so quckly.....
that last tweet seemed funnier in my head than it looked typed out.
NP Donald Byrd Ethiopian Knights , but something is missing...
Red Sox and Tigers brawl after Kevin Youkilis was hit by a pitch, benches cleared
Don't picture yourself in a Nike commercial, Be the friggin Nike Commercial!
JUST DO IT!
Okay , I love you and all but, official mahomies?
we're all official..not just the ones with a lot of followers.
goodluck to all the juniors taking the taks test...have fun lol
Nice.
: Capote, Keroac, Hemingway and Bukowski are also on my summer reading list.
But, first pop culture brain candy!
Welcome to the club RT : Imma State Champion!!
...on the other, I am told to worry about students who say my classes are too hard.
What's a pretenure professorto do?
Any former investment banking analysts looking to get back into the game as an associate/vp in San Francisco?
Let me know
You come at the king, you best not miss,  Omar from The Wire
with the brownouts and the new need for 10 new stations, is the city in danger of not providing fre protection to the citizens?
Omg.
I'm so addicted.
TT You would love Te Avengers.
I know you would.
Censorship is all the rageTwitter!
I just went to Bob Evans it was so good I loved it.
Thumbs up for food yaaahhh!!
very good, it will pay off later stay persistent...
thank you too, for following me!!
:D
Ok im hungry
Your Beautiful:
Join us at El Cajon this Friday 2/10/12 to meet Kirk at the mobile adoption with the SD Humane Society
RT : If you carry bricks from the past into the present you'll build the same house.
He who hesitates is lost.
GUN SHOW!!
AUG 2122 SAT  SUN AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING ON THE NM STATE FAIR GROUNDS.
CHECK OUT NEW MEXICO GUNS!
Saw William Shatner last night in person on the Intrepid aircraft carrier for the premiere of his doc The captainins.
Big fun!
...
Well, aren't you a weather resistant tank?
thanks so much for the RT mention :
believe that!
you know it man!
new year , a new start , a new mindset , a new fashion  dv
Me too!
I have been trying to stay away from the spoilers and trailers as much as possible.
Good job girls!1st and high gold for tap and lyrical.
got 2nd and 3rd for overall highest scores.
good luck for who competes tomorrow!3
thxs for follow ..
It's a BETTER WEB BUILDER!
htp://mybwbsite.com/2915272/op It's FREE!
do you have a link to what it son does?
Walter speaks at CANDLES every Friday, 14pm.
We invite you to come and learn about this important history from an eyewitness.
Yeah no one fouled MKG.
Miller wit da BLOCK!
Ethnic Heritage Ensemble, The Continuum.
Forward and funky at the same time.
Playing Well You Needn't
I've been in touch with Brian Geldin about thanks to your suggestion at mentor session  SXSW.
thanks!
congrats!
I can't wait to see the pictures!
3: stare at him for a while and suddenly start sing 'just the way you are' as you grab him and start dancing with him.
Hit a dumb fuck with nun chucks then dump em in a dumptruck,you riggedy run up you're diggety done up when my guns up!
Ugh.
RT : 2012 Honda Civic Tour presents Linkin Park and Incubus with special guest MUTEMATH.
Tour starts August 11.
today  Nat'l Arts, Entertainment  Cultural Districts Symposium hosts talks on future of creative place making.
sandless sandbagsUse for movie props..
50 bags weigh 40lbs..Lightweight to carry to the set.
hose down and bags will inflate.
green product
growing up i lived at the bottom of a cul de sac!
had to train myself to power up that hill on my bike  actually got good at it.
At Swets prezi to learn about Mendeley Institutional, but have to wait until 6..
I'm trapped.
:
Dark Monday for NYT readers: most emailed stories are 1 Can You Call A 9YearOld A Psychopath?
and 2 Capitalists And Other Psychopaths.
my shit hurt bro!
thanks!!!
How's everything on ur end?
Havnt seen u in awhile.
Hope u and ur fam are good!!
Just broke my neck pretty sure
The argument isn't virtual worlds as innovation.
Active, situated learning is the change.
It's the cake not icing
who ever said its gone be easy never said it was gone be this hard
Gettin' amped for tomorrow.
A dutch favorite is gracing Charlotte tomorrow.
mister Woot!!!
Nobody puts Baby in the Corner.
Rest in peace Patrick Swayze.
MAYNE!!!
Mother Nature got the Temp set on Hell in HTown, I'ma need to knock her ass out or aka Freeze to sneeze...
A limited number of Fiddler on the Roof tickets opened up for each of the 5 performances!
Get these tickets before they're gone!
Have you been house shopping lately?
Great tonight.
Thank you
Awesome!
Thanks.
portfolio is finished!!!
we're looking for marathon and 1/2 marathon coaches in the Milwaukee area, any chance you might have some suggestions for us?
Thanks Chris : RT : So proud of our boys for signing with Amazing band.
Keep an eye out!
Just saw the news that former QB Matt Flynn has signed a 3year deal with the
Hey UMass to the free throw line13 minutes and 38 seconds in.
Temple has only taken 4 thus far.
UMass trailing 2621
Just spoke to 2 great Artists, BSE putting in the 2012 work now
ALGF is blowing up this morning
Trust yourself.
You know more than you think you do.
Benjamin Spock
finishing this beer and sleep.
stop and knock on woid
That's a web gem
Nor do Village People tribute bands.

I've got some ideas for Ty's iPhone Help  iPad Apps 3  what is your email addoctorss?
:
I'm giving you the benefit of the doubt..
Please don't make me regret it.
ok thanks !
Science writers' mantra: I will fight to the death with whatever cognitive tools I have for something I believe in.
Here's The 1st Thing You Want To Do Up  Coming Artist; SAVE UP 35 For A Consultation With Me To Get You Started In The Right Direction!
Ok really stop with the messages there getting annoying.
Tell the panda where you want to get crazy so we can put your favorite venues on our site.
doctornk for charity with QRazy Panda.
I try.
: Mobile learning is the future!
How is that even remotely a travel?
Game changing call.
Hey amiga :D
So proud to be an Aztec right now!!
Whooohoo!
HUGE game tonight boys!
free gourmet Italian food?
yes!
workperks :

that you always are 
Two exams and then work tonight, can someone shoot me now please
Next is our red carpet party..look out fa it in January
Ed Ayers  The only History Guy with a real job.

why do you lie?
I agree.
Just found it interesting that was my assumption  then Doonan discussed a different aspect.
Here we go again!
Until we are able to past the love test we are stuck, fustrated and quick to say the blank with it...defeated!!!
Stuck at a 90feet giant!!!
...so in the end, they'd say, meh, fine.
Here's a tortured thistimeonly decision upholding ACA with maybe a tiny tweak or two for show.
yeah, pretty damn good.
bringing a menu home; pls come to lunch w/ me sometime!
AlixPartners meet should produce some good insights into state of market for companies in packexpo packaging space.
I can only apologise
Brewers come up short as they fall 25 to the Cubs.
Diamondbacks win as well as Kennedy gets 20th W.
Brewers lead to 1 game for 2 spot.
It's 3:03...I need to sleep
you wouldnt have that problem if you used suppositories
Life is full of fake people.
Before you decide to judge them, make sure you're not one of them.
Can't thank everyone enough for their support, kind words of motivation, love and positive energy.
I love you tweedos.
Bostonthis weekend!
Don't you mean August?
If we don't get LSU vs Oklahoma state in the title game....
Another boring lsu bama game...
Oomf done slipped up smh.
Im all over it
I'm way beyond the frustration stage.
125 a month down the doctorin...never once offered compensation for my troubles
Do I ever cross your mind?
I never thought id live to see the day you retweeted something from Justin Bieber :
Criminal justice and constitutional law, I took more classes this semester so I can work on Maggie brooks for congress in fall
happy mothers day.
:
...
Bavarian Grill, The Fillmore Pub, Twisted Root Burger, Vickery Park, Dukes Original Roadhouse, Jasper's, Mama's Daughter's Diner
: : Please tell me Joshua Ledet didnt get voted off?!!
Wait, WHY?!
yes he did SMH
manny pacquiao now sponsored by Henessy...
awesome
Biking SF the Hopps Swag with
I vote for people to start responding more to Tweets..
It keeps the writer motivated..
uhHem..
Which is the best nominated film this year?
Oscars 2012 Only saw one of them so far...
Man!
Don't listen to these haters!
You did nothing wrong.
They are trolls and you are
it really is a great lake.
Hello Milwaukee.
TY for the Shout OUt !
Hope your Friday has been great!
Scouting locations in Memphis to shoot video with doctormark van stone.
maybe you should specify.
lol yes sir just hmu i should b at the house got a meeting at 430
hey Nixon!
It's my birthday!
:D
Paper doesn't run; people run.
watch a movie like blow, smoke more or come over and ill punch u in the neck plate ....
missing out 
u rock
Best deal for the weekend?
Any 18 pizza AND 12 wings for just 24.99.
congrats man!
LOL RT : Malls, where slow people come to walk slower...
same here.
: i followed you btw,
Who's stoked for the summer!?
We're getting some new plans together, you should be stoked!
Thanks.
I know it's still a ways away but I should probably start preparing
: : I don't deserve you.
you do.
You really do deserve him.
3 thank you for always supporting me.
Happy Birthday to our kick a doctormmer...D!!!!
Someone buy this guy a SHOT tonight!!
I'm such a Hipster.
NO.
Don't Vote Off Juliet.
She's My Favorite.
:'
Ladies: Eventually two things will happen.
Either he'll realize you're worth it, or you'll realize he's not.
My Bae Fell Asleep On Me ..Ima Fuck Him Up In The Mornin
We've conceded April/May.
Entirely!
RT : It's always a good game when is quite about his stinkin' bosox
I live in Abilene...
Wife had fun in Miami this weekend so bought this 55in 3D TV.
oh man.
I can't believe you went there.
Books, a blanket, the porch swing, and the night sky.
Home is exactly what I needed.
From the fruit manual: Lift watermelon carefully, place sturdy holders beneath, go in for the kill  pray holders stay on place.
Bien ;D Y que haces?
LOL
first cookout  the new house  great success
Make u do a
Dizziness, Chronic fatigue, Impotence, Hair loss, Headaches, Low back pain, Constipation all symptoms of dehydoctortion!
clearly an oversight!!
Yess throwback!
I love this movie
yes a new pair of ballerina flats among other things.
It was a good shopping day!
New rule: If I hold the door open for you and you walk by without saying Thanks, I am granted one attempt at trying to trip you.
How've you been?
Imagine You walk in the room Alex: :O Robert: DAYYYUMMM Austin: Back off she's mine and always will be!
Walk your broken heart through that door.
Sit your sexy ass on that couch.
Wipe that lipstick off of your mouth..
I'll take it slow 
thanks buddy!
I like to think I'm the guy women doctoram about, even if its not the good doctorams.
Responded to FIRE  685 Sheffield Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11207 and helped 5 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
he did it ironically/sarcastically in the same way Fader/Pitchfork love Lil B
Yay!
We love !
Tell Aurora we say hello!
so glad you love them!!
i tots know how you feel!
are you dipping them into anything?
or just as is??
where are you buying?
Monetize the hate!
: the only good part about that finale popped I know!
Lol so popped horrible ending
uncheck the geotag thing when you're gonna upload the pic
Hopefully this song doesn't suck...spent so much time on this ee
No!!!
I'll be in town thru Tuesday!!!!
Along with 20K librarians.
Told them ALL to come.
: Nigga they hating they don't want me to make it I'm paper chasing so fuck they saying nigga I'm trapping BOOMING 
Hi mister Cantor!
Do you love America as much as I do???
Because the truth is I REALLY love it, like I love Jesus, almost.
Thx
Audio engineers.
I've hired two new guys :
need anything!
I just started up the weekly b12 shots.
Thanks for letting amber know about that :
I have that board game, lets play sometime!
Chapter Two is now underway.

i always wonder what my last words on earth will be but more than likely it's going to be this: Ooh what does this button do?
thanks for the ff!
Thanks for the follow3
See I don't think Christie wants to be VP, but he might have to if he wants to be Pres in the future.
You should have a good time.
Heading over to the Elmhurst Jazz Festival
Where the hell are these girls shopping?
/ How good is your beer?
way to go!!!
Make that bank!
That is NONE of your business Dempster.
You get what anybody gets  U get a lifetime  Neil Gaiman
Losing my V card.
See ya'll lates.
We're thrilled to announce our Monday, April 23 lineup, 79, Bathsheba Doran, Ed Park  Tiphanie Yanique.
Join us at Shrine in Harlem!
hey hey!!
Thanks again :
I think you and I should just doctornk on it, Put our heads together and think on it, Maybe later on we can sleep on it
I don't even want to really discuss MassEffect anymore because it hurts too much.
Can't even play it anymore, it makes me sick since ME3.
I mean don't get me wrong I love Ian and everything but y'all have to show some love to other members of the crew.
are you passing?
Just beat in two straight games of basketball here at Main Event.
Awesome.
Awesome!
Congrats to you and Louis.
Seems like yesterday when I coached him in LL baseball.
And we're in affect...
How long you around for
it's going to be just north on Harper, about a mile up.
Right past Gilbert's!
Full firestationesque design throughout!
yes please!
Little victories add up to big wins!!!
wait the Mets are shopping him???
The only reason I'm out of bed before noon today is because I thought my roommate said Two Girls One Cup not The Girls World Cup.
Sigh..
Fine...I will send a gift and a prayer i dont get more of these.
10 years though and i met them twice?
Good MorningBe sure and count your BlessingsCalculator available upon request
let me know when you have some free time to talk.
true...
Very true.
Why does it feel like those who give in, They only wind up losing a friend.
tour dates
I wish i had something to do tonight besides making art.
Merry Christmas everyone 33 :D
I don't think so mora mora mora the explora...that's right I just went there
Exactly what I need.
We've had at least half a day's worth of crying already.
Thanks babe!
Can't wait to hear all about your adventures on the West Coast :
Would you say people who doctorve dumb cars look smart?
Much obliged.
firstdayofschool ...not so bad
hey : thanks for the interest you will have to follow us so we can direct message you back
Tyler the Creator  Yonkers
it was ha ha ha isaiah said he did it haa ha.
I'll rather have a honest enemy than a fake friend!!

I am following  please send me any addoctorsses where you see my signs.............
Clark
I am Trayvon Martin!
Planning to brew an imperial ipa this afternoon.
Anyone want to help?
Good Morning everyone..Make it a good one!!
Ok change mind clear from those bitches
Why is me and basicly tweeting the same thing lol
But Seriously.
Happy Valentine's Day!
Didn't want Patriots to win but love Brady saying he sucked today.
Microbrews w/friends...
i may have to try that myself
Is Tony dead or alive?
wrong way brandon
Think about the money,that can be your energy!
It might be pronounced Swaim but any guesses how long Sveum will pronounced Swoom as in June Swoon?
we are all on the struggle bus.
truth RT Congrats Newt, I'm glad you realized you were on the struggle bus.
3 things: 1: Suggest us to yo friends.
2: What song should we push as our new single?
3: RIP Al Davis
Thank you I'm very excited to offer our District an Independent choice.
Join us!
Josh Hamilton to the Brewers by trade deadline?
I GUESS we'd take him.....
well in arizona its so fing hot.
still.
Cant wait till it starts cooling down here
i'm just tired of opening up to guys because i get hurt everytime.
i rarely open up  they take advantage.
take on Minnesota tonight at 7:30.
Catch it on 52 LCDs
Let's find some new ones today!
RT We love new friends!
Please ask your friends to find Jillian's Story on FB  Twitter.
I get downstairs
follow back!?
Can someone please tell me what the video is called where One Direction is doctorssed as one another???
PLEASE HELP???
I love that church!
I am typing on my new iPad e
G you are crazy.
Dad says we hog the bed!
We just like to be comfortable!!
Similar to how many people wish for the Obama of 2008, I wish for the Trail Blazers of 2008.
I love marc jacobs pause clothes,shoes,bookbags,jewerly
Just tell me when.
:
dude  did you just send me spam via direct message?
i don't wanna open the link scary!
The most beautiful image of forks in the sink I've ever seen!
Thanks for the follow Stand For csnam!
:
I always offer you your football back you just never take it
I will try and get there
RT Have you been empowered through mentorship?
Join the conversation with
you have to follow ;
Wish I could spend mothers day with mama english
The boy said Whitney Houston still can play movie roles  for example someone resting on a couch.
Bruised Knucks, sore body, runny nose, no sleep.
Today should be good.
media thongs!
RT : Office is across the street from NASDAQ HQ and the throngs of media outside are insane.
All for Facebook.
Are you an American Idol fan?
If so how do you think it will be without Simon this year?
Instead of talking about how irrelevant the Grammy's are, just don't watch or talk about them, thereby making them ACTUALLY irrelevant.
This particular game is all about the damage!
Fixed up the airlock a bit...
we are at the con center not sure when we are heading down town but it will be for sure around 6PM
why do we have te suffer for the unknown?
I am!
Thanks for asking.
: Lmaoo.
Dude aint give no fuck.
He had his mind made I dont care if I'm late I'm goin lolthank you haha.
RT : Pizza Hut announces its crust is filled with everything.
We live in the crust.
The crust is the Universe.
9.99
my brother though out a bucket and a box and GUSS WHAT??
HA..
it got stuck on the Tree...
If we can't get speaker permissions for aaasci recordings will be for personal use only and we'll need bloggers to report!
Today was unbearable until came on:
I'm wishing on a shooting star hoping you will come true 
Aleast he kept in
I feel like you need a shirt that says that.
And then you need to wear it EVERYWHERE, every day.
Thanks so much!
Familia if u r n the DMV don't 4get about tomorrow  The Upper hit 'em 4 details
Lakers.
Clippers.
Nice to have the NBA back.
S/O to my two new followers and !
Send me some links to your work and I'll RT!
Thanks again
My ex girlfriend is a porn star ....
She's gonna be so pissed when she finds out...
ThingsWeNeedToChange Obama and Economic dependency on gas
finally someone who agrees lol i hat hearing ppls excuses why they are out of shape
miss you too, darlin!
Let's do a Postal Service thing and send some stuff back and forth.
I've never tried to write a duet!
are you on safari 5.1?
miss u bro for reals!!
We will do it BIG the day I come I promise!!
Giving and serving is dope!
they are...
RT : Funny that you don't have a PR budget but you can make it to Essence Fest, Miami, Atlanta over the weekend.
Priorities.
A few good contests on the site right now.
Studliest Abs?
No better time than the present.
hey man just grinding my self I am a songwriter ...can I send u some records
Am following and he needs some Followers y'all lets help, BigShoutout come one I wont hurt you!
:D
Love the cart doctorver on the concourse at DIA that whistles cheerful tunes instead of yelling at people to move!
Let love explode and bring the dead to life.
A love so bold to see a revolution somehow.
Dun wit eyebrowsnails im tiredstarvin McDonald's here i come lol
Im gonna be in South Beach later on with Lil Wayne...should be interesting!
if HBO pulls together a thewire season where Micheal is runnin shit ...
fuck it ill write it right now.
seasongangster season 4
it is black and has Einstein and relativity theory on it
Thank you for watching!
easiest way to become friends with me?
tell me you like of mice and men.
simple as that.
Thank you to ALL our amazing Sponsors for the Mother's Day giveaway!
What a great event.
Thanks to all that entered too!
books and flowers!
Roman philosopher, Cicero, was just SO dead on: If you have a garden and a library you have everything you need.
This weather is perfect to cuddle up with someone ': .
Well hopefully it can be fixed eventually.
You are welcome.
Off to that horrible minimum wage work thingy.
XXOO
If ya can't beat it join it!
What a difference a good night's rest makes feeling ready to move on to Kuala Lumpur.
Burning the bottom of your feet when walking outside to take out the trash.
4 homers seems like it'd be pretty relaxing.
A lot of jogging.
Everybody says you're the hero.
Perfect game is work.
If and can tweet you, you can too
., so I sent you an email outlining my concerns.
You sent me a survey asking how did we do?
Clueless.
so now that you are going to have a kid are y still gonna be on the jersey shore
I know, I'm pretty proud;
Oh gosh, I checked my email.
2500 unread emails, 1/3 of them from Staples saying my coupons were about to expire.
Just purged my feed of a bunch of pointless celebs.
I feel twitterly cleansed.
I certainly do....do you like Escape the Fate, Falling In Reverse and Good Knives?
Already home, seattle was nice ,hot girls but no cute asian guys.
Oh well goodnight!!!!!
Doubt whom you will, but never yourself.
Christian N.
Bovee
I honestly don't ask for much, but not like it'll matter.
this shows the tits :p
Local Artist Shaun Bell will be performing at the peace festival
Thank you.
I don't think journalists as a class are antiacademic, but somehow journalism as its own monster seems to be.
starting to grow plants in space, finally that floating garden ive always wanted will be a possibility, better hit that realestate up
What a day, good, but busy!
Seeing union park as a normal park is weird.
man,you wouldn't call it an accident if you saw replay.
sad to see MWP regress like that.
hopefully suspension wont b harsh
trying to find u on camgirls.
Where are YOU?
Please send all custom orders to as we're still working on our Website!
you make it home alright?
No flintstone tire?
damn...
Well then rush that shit!
I think I'm about to give in and create instagram...
I kno what I said before..
don't judge me lol
See you soon!
lmao have u been behaving???
Coffee and cigarettes are for the weak
the one from dade?
Your gross bro
hahahhaha bro i have videos of him talking while hes sleeping itz so funny i miss yu guys more then anything wallah!!33
Excited for the World Series to start.
More excited for the human interest story about Tony LaRussa's process for picking a hairpiece.
Brah, my biceps have tripled.
Now I have
Livin it up Kentucky style at Princeton Day School tonight...
great evening ahead, congrats to on a fabulous event
Closing out the last of this iPhone app with a few Guiness'
no joke!!
If we are strong, our character will speak for itself.
John F.
Kennedy
Rain, you need to stop.
I need to see my orioles thump the redsox tonight, okay?
yay new jersaaaay!
What's the website for music??
I'm in atl!
haha...i been slacking on my duties to stay ride or die....i'm here though always on time...;
who oh ok
It's so nice there : Headed back to this weekend
Very cool talk from DNA Electronic
What are you going sing?
my phones been deadd all day and I'm waiting for my chargerr !
: I miss u...
it's been like..
a day...
/3
i love you please follow me3
LOL story of a girls life.
Who was the first one to realize Joey Fatone, who was the fat one in N'Sync, had a last name that literally said fat one?
toosoon?
i feel like making a cheese burger !!!
mmmmh .
I didn't even read a page in the book and I think I killed the test.
Look at all these dumbass who read the book still taking the test :
Things people excited for their team to upgrade in the doctorft say RT : you a Pats fan?
Crying.
I dont like my hair at all.
Great acehp12!
Looking forward to learning from the pros: , , , , Thanks 4 following!
Thanks for inspiring the men of tonite in preparation for demo day
It puts the lotion on its skin.
UGH!!!
Why does high school have to come with waking up early and learning stuff!
as if were ever gunna use it again!
lol
you know it brahhh;
About 2 take stage 4 the comedy trifecta stage 2 n Chicago
no matter who you are or where you come from, you can find opportunity in Columbus Nancy Kramer.That made me tearyeyed!
Give 'er all ya got DD!
You can do it...the 10's are coming...even from DWTS' Simon Cowell'!
LOL!!
You KNOW it's Christmas when toy assembly for niece  nephew leaves you nearly shattered.
Hearing woahhhhh on Xmas day...totally worth it!
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded.
Maya Angelou celebrating her 84th Birthday Today!
All caught up on all TV from last night, a few thoughts...
GOOD AM JUST LETTING U KNOW CALEB HAD A OK NITE R.T GAVE HIS LAST TWO TREATMENTS WHILE ASLEEP IM SO GLAD THEY DID HE FIGHTS THE MASH HUGS
You can't tell, but I have a sad face...I have to work!
Text/image relationships  filmic vocabulary will fly at our AWP Book Fair panel and screening, Writers and the Moving Image.
4:30, Feb 29!
ManU Report: Terry on England Euro roster despite racism trial
can I get a dj doctorp from you?
Thanks.
Doesn't that depend on how you define wealth ?
8
I only have one speed, GO!
Me trying to kill an S word apparently means me wearing boots, holding a can of lysol and a swiffer, and standing on top of my toilet.
Garlic!
I automatically love any place with Garlic in the name.
Who's going out tonight
I wanna go to a heat game.
can you explain to me why espn thinks fans of 28 other teams want to hear about sox/yanks all the time?
I think it is his railroad but not sure.
Read it somewhere...
Just when I thought this show couldn't get more awkward...where did they find these men?
Thats a bold claim mister Batwing
Tiger seemed a lot less pompous and a lot more gracious than normal in that interview.
Could his trials be humbling him?
BTW, you need to roll thru for brunch one day.
Next session, July 3.
Grub is on me, of course.
Dont trash yor cell phoneRecyle with us if you would like a box contact
I don't have mine on.
All windows open.
Lovin it.
Welcome to Twitter, btw.
Two People  One Feeling  Love
This is the last of the SMS is it not?
Service was beyond awesome!
!
I wish I had an XBOX though for HALO.
haha
here is a good itinerary for you.Stubby's taps at 5:30.
go get a Juliet and BCCS..should take yo to 6:40, then go to burnhearts
amazing inspiration from the late John Chamberlain Inpired by his maniuplation of metal and mass objects!
GAH.
Robert Benchley.
It's been a long day.
yes!
They did!
Just need warning so they can get work off.
Sarah is the mommy I liked and meg the sister I never wanted :
Only mediocrity of enjoyment is allowed to man.
Hugh Blair
RT Worthwhile report on digitalpreservation of video and audio from Digital Preservation Coalition DPC just publishe...
This cowboy seems a little too big for his britches ;
keywestsongfest keywest we play Southernmost on the Beach Sunday at noon.
follow me?
No?
Ok, bye.
D:
Good Morning my tweethearts!
SN: remember being who u are is key!
Illusions only last but for so long!
Be ur 1 FAN believe in urself!
hot dogs for breakfast???they're kosher
Lesson learned, I loved Union Rags in the Derby because he had been in trouble and still ran big.Guess what,Union Rags finds trouble
YES!
Victory is mine!
If I was going to sleep after 2 a.m.
in Italy, I shouldn't really have jet lag, right?
Just hope i dont get lost haha probably gonna take my speed bike idk?
It's been an enjoyable day.
Kids are all smiles.
Mission accomplished.
Hi lucy how about getting me on some of those me pilots would like to join Aftra
wifi this, wifi that, wifi me ., it sounds iike a wife bitching..
Let's go Curtis Granderson.
Big hit needed.
Pretending to read your birthday card after the money's fallen out...
Mubarak announces changes..but will stay in office until September election...isn't the news protestors wanted to hear
I have to check this one out...
don't know how that could be argued paying him what they did and giving him the nod opening day
Met scientist from S.
Africa who referred me to a scientist in NL doing research that can help my daughter's Phosphorus project!
Whao, chill bro..
You know you can't rasie your voice like that when the lions here.
Join Us at FHF's End of Season Thank You  Holiday Social this Friday Dec 9th 5:308:30 p.m.
FREE.
No RSVP needed.
Invite others
Our latest episode being about time travel, we have to ask: What's your favorite time travel movie?
Go Pirates!
he so sexy.
Perhaps the most costly work  yet still cost effective was humbly expressed by one person for all ppl It is finished...
Jesus Christ
chirp..chirp..chirp
Holy awesome day, Batman!
Selling art is fun!!!
:D
True Fact Yunik is a Virgo
it gets better
glee :D
How is everyone?
We are enjoying a break!
We will have songs and info about the EP up in the next couple of weeks!
Keep a lookout!
you like diaz though right?
During Teacher Appreciation Week is there anyone who would like to thankateacher?
Let us know about that special
Sunday night fun...brushing up on OAIPMH and OAIORE!
Love the I like big books and I cannot lie idea.
2 more awesome big books, The Historian and The Passage.
Starship Enterprise galaxy cruise to heaven
yay!
good luck this weekend.
we're getting so close.....
Yesturday was a horrible day but I believe there's goin to be joy in the morning!
I'm Blessed to be Stressed!!
Think about that...
the hotel where we just had brunch has real alligators in the lobby
i got 99 problems but cake aint one
I need to get back to the DMV
Pink remote.
Carr's Hill Field
Safe travels!
Remember you've got a friend in the City of Angels.
Rock those jeans Ryan!
:
thanks for following
Beautiful dog Jeff.
Sorry about your loss and I will keep him in my heart.
CANNOT FUCKING WAIT FOR WARPED TOUR TICKETS!
I HOPE I HAVE ENOUGH
Good point A copyrighted 'data item' may have strict copyright constraints, but the metadata you have on the item may not
Teachers' first day is August 1...with a fullday conference on July 31.
Feeling a bit better..
you're disagreeing with me now, but its alright you're still cuter :.
Ask your mom if you can donate to Evelynn.
your dad, whoever has a credit card.
I got meeting in the ladies room....literally.
WOMEN BEHIND BARS
follow my new account?
That's not very genteel language, doctor K.
Eating an ENTIRE hersheys chocolate bar was not on the check list today : But some how I managed to finish that over anything else.
Holy shit.
I'm freezing!
Got my floor length Victorian night doctorss, and a new edition of the boardgame Scruples.
Tony will celebrate by going to one of those nonpolitical Glenn Beck events!
WhenIWas13 we finally had cordless phones  but they only worked in the house.
Californos is available for some 2011 wedding receptions!
Our space and location are amazing, the price and food are other huge plusses!
Curled up w/coffee and my Hunger Games: Mockingjay...here we go.
wait...
Mike thrasher...
Really?
We will pay you twice what he did to play at our doorstep with a thumb piano/eggshaker
It's 4:30?!
oh my, today flew by!
I keep thinking about the times we were together.
I miss you so much.
No problem feel free to follow me for travel/expat news, blogs and tips
Just touched down
Hahahahahahahhaa I thought you did
Memo from NHL to sabres: do not hit Crosby or attempt to beat pens.
Our officials will stop you.
thanks for the RT.
lol Apple doesn't even have to try anymore.
Awesome, now I can finally do what I was planning on starting today at 9am !!
Shake and bake time at Las Vegas Motor Speedway!
We are so excited to be apart of Spacenets day of caring!
We look forward to seeing all the photos!
Colgate introduced aromatic toothpaste in a jar in 1873.
One of the coolest things about being an actress is I get to be somebody else when I work.
Hard to do that if you work in an ofc, huh?
Good call.
Boys ARE dumb!
Yeah Btch, Yeah Btch, call me SteveO.
Go global taking your blog around the world I'm ready Paris anyone
because i feel like it
Mom on phone discussing turkeyleftover recipes: Some shredded turkey and rice porridge would be good!
no problem!
You deserve it!!!!
333
It is a little chilly in the fort today.
Like.
Thanks!
That is far more detail than I've found anywhere.
It confuses me when two bottoms date.....
Oh people pay attention  the beauty of twitter!
Just hit me 500 hundoctord dollar hit off wit cuzins, Thank god 4 it
dope!
If i could score free tickets I'd go.
Paid for nice seats on Friday so it'll be a one game trip for me.

Thx!
It was fun.
let's get it!
I'm down!
Tammy Jean the beauty queen is a rhyme my dad has said for as long as I can remember.
In honor of 4/20 I'm getting a pack of candy cigarettes
U From da hood B
Planning next steps 4 R  D with  Talking thru middle school ideas
Where should I have dinner tonight?
Just got da hang of this!!!
So late LOL!!!
LMAO.
Perfect observation of the poor bastard
Got it  thanks!
lazy afternoon with my favorites ...
loving life!
ps CAPS
Cannot wait for bed!
So much for yoga tonight!!
: BEAST solid pick but could of used upshaw
I'm probably averaging 4 miles of walking per day just getting around the hotel/casino/exhibition hall
Follow back
Thank you for the RT!
fun doing an audition with Ronnie Loaiza for a TV show today...have a great wkd !
OMG u r not my brother.
We received a pretty cool media contact today.
We may be in a pitch meeting faster than we thought.
Get excited.
how r u
remember to get your friends to the polls!
He are on the cusp of making history!
I am not freaking out!!
Lol.
if you DON'T know who Austin Mahone is go check him out  follow him!
YouWontRegretIt 
The live strings on Marvin Gaye  Chardonnay  .
just got dine swimming!
Watching teen wolf right now!:
you know i think i've found a twin,'cuz i'm just like you!
however nice to meet you!
Hi Eli!
Can I interview you?
Working on master's Digital Journalism after 25 yrs/print.
Current: Advanced nonfiction writing
dude.
Jugaloos have sex with each other.
There's concerts.
Festivals.
Websites.
Gas stations.
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one.
Haven't seen a goal in hours...
Asked by on , Rep.
Israel predicts GOP Reps.
J.
Walsh and Ann Marie Buerkle will lose in Nov.
When Are U Coming To Louisiana
Sometimes I love my friends...right now is NOT one of those times
thx for the wine  you guys rock!
Earlier I photocopied my chesticles and showed my mom LOL.
And Marissa photocopied her boobs hahahah.
Okay  downloaded and looking forward to it!
Mtv holiday party..
Best company party ive been to thus far.
have no idea.
be performing at Six Flags this summer though.
that's about as TOUR as i know right now.
lol
It's like giving yourself a nickname.
Wich destination are you most interested on?
Alright.
1 more time D.
UWW needs to take advantage of these TO.
im glad that you show up and dance ...
y'all the best!!!
...and speaking of stinks, there are enough people to fill a whole bus waiting for 's 16Y and yet it just arrived, already full.
Yay.
gave me a nickname  Ashley Lights Out Maria  on the set of
Work and life is busy but hey!
It looks like Prince Tagoe and Charles Takyi did not make the final 23 man squad.
Go Chelsea!!!
im next to you now, bumming lol  i love you a lot!
RT : TODAY at 3:20 p.m.
ET: Analyst Sam Panella will provide her take on Black Friday and Cyber Monday on CNBC's Closing Bell.
THOSE GUYS HAVE ALL THE FUN continues big demand; MISS PEREGRINE'S HOME FOR PECULIAR CHILdoctorN huge demand!
And when the radical priest come to get me released, we was all on the cover of Newsweek.
oh shur I'm sposse to be studying but ahh well!
please follow me friend!
She loves you!!:o
lol ur making me wanna play Batman :
So thankful for and for being awesome friends.
And most of all my beautiful amazing girlfriend
Big mac date later with 3
ALL OF THE PANCAKES THOUGH
Watching Valentines Day in 4th period
if you like my music you can buy my songs and tshirts at reverbnation..support a musician.
thanks peace and love sam thompson
whats popping tonight?
square apple?
beauty bar?
RT Boy niggas ride so much dick these days they dont leave none for the broads to ride.
Smh.
Happy Sunny Tuesday fans!
What is your favorite dance quote?
Tweet us the flyest photo of ya mother on mother's day so we can show off your love 4 her to the world!
That's TopFamEnT for ya!
Jenni Jenkins Celebration Class 1/29/2012 tickets benefiting , attend or support.
follow for awesome tweets!
You won't regret it!!
Some tasty cocktails and a bit of Iberico Ham down in The Office to wind down a fantastic evening with the wife.
Her Face Got Mauled By A Bobcat, So She Wearing No Shirt In Her Twitcon
I just started talking w/ the MD Historical Soc.
abt a warof1812 editathon this spring or summer.
Film makers is not ready for this
Got my invite from Typecast, yahoo!
Let me take care of you, i'll handle this
ASPIRING ENTERTAINERS: Working hard but impatient because you get no love?
Happy Hour till 6pm  1/2 price wine, beer  sushi!
At work on this beautiful day!
Thank goodness its almost 5:30
aw haha hows that event going?
Im not one of those girls who will sit there and let things happen.
Im a girl who will go out and make things happen.
Design challenge:Finding a metaphor we can all relate to.
For youTube: Content as a smorgasbord of plates We can fill.
chi2012 .
You are doing the most up in that city!
Get it!
I've got two words for you mobilecomputing.
The sum of this often  Facebook or Hulu, but it can  productivity if you try.
The prospect of real actual sex frightens some nerds and makes them uncomfortable.
Lol.
It's out of their comfort zone!
Have fun!
Feel free to share any moments of enlightenment along the way.
2/2 Reno Charter: ...who receive the highest number of votes must be placed on the ballot for the general election.
First time at Joe's crab shack
Kevin Garnett is such a piece of shit though.
I wish Metta WorldPeace coulda elbowed him in the head.
Boys took the camper out of storage today and sent me on a mission to plan a trip....
Cabin fever soon to be OVER!!!!!
HeyOh
Why do you feel this way?
And is this a good or bad thing in ur opinion?
Adoctoren Brody is doing beer commercials.
Another one bites the dust
I have a short temper for bullshit, when I pop we done it's a wrap I'ma take off on yo er time I see u
I wanna see darkshadows so bad :o
not sure why so many are having problems with the feed  it's been working fine for me since the beginning of w's.
How can you put a  on a team that's not even Assembled?
ThoughtsWhileRunning is running like a girl right now.
Lolololol 
Natural is beautiful!!!!
appreciate it man but I'm not gonna be elgible since I transferred from a D1 school to another.
I plan on goin to Juco in CA
I think I saw something like that at Otakon a couple of years ago.
Eat more veggies madcow!
Hi Steve, any chance you still have that rfp tracker lying around.
I am about to build a custom object.
I don't know anything about basketball but the only thing I know is I like Miami heat.
So win what you gotta win heat lol
my cat is affectionate but skittish at the same time.
I rescued her at 8, I think she was abused or something.
Vodka has flavors that taste like bubblegum, cupcakes, and other desserts.
My question: Does it make it easier to bang a college girl?
I hate when the person that's recording the fight never holds the camera straight and then post,it on
RIP Whitney Houston we will miss you.
Speak softly and carry a big ass machete.
Today: Happy Monday!
High of 82 and partly cloudy.Don't take the weather for granted by forgetting what state we are in
Thanks!
We love that one too!
:
And then you're off to college baby!!
Have fun my love!!
Yeah sure!
:D
I'm glad you finally deciding to follow me!
Guess who's moving back to MC!?
yay party time
You don't need tech.
to create feelings, love, fear, hate,  passion.
You need great storytelling.
Jen Maclean,gamedev
I love this song,it's amazing.
When faced with tough business decisions, data and analysis usually beat intuition.
Wendy's spicy nuggets 
so I guess I tried...
your loss
Because I can't say this enough.
;D HappyBirthdaySamWinchester!!
3
Client: That 1 idea may change my work scenario for the better.
Need coaching?
On my way back to the D after the master class with I'm feeling inspired!
WMU has some great players.
Al Bundy usually has the same effect on me.
: U.S.
Soldiers!
You don't have to watch the season premiere of GLEE in secret any more!
RT : First Titanic exhibition visitors came after seeing a segment on
RT : Barker Town clerk resigns; says she can't perform gay marriages, cites Bible.
.
.
.
And we'll miss her.
NOT.
AMEN!
RT : It's Wednesday.
Chug more coffee.
For hasslefree auto repair and oil changes dial 4058872740.
We come to your office,home or business
It's 2010, get smart, realize that humans are omnivores.
so what I got from this is the bee was minding its own business and you decided to ride your bike into its ass.....
Gottcha...LOL
Love how real u r!Im from Ny finally here after 6yrs hubbys in military want 2 know how u like cali we r hoping 2 move th ...
for reals there was, we went to go wait in the car lol
: you made my name L337
Thanx for being there and for the kind words.
not yet...
but let me think about it.
We could just replay last nights time mishap as a kicker...
haha
Do contractors ever show up when they're supposed to?
I've sure never found one that did...
Time for a bio change ;
Watching the Tebow vs Brady game.
Don't care who wins but I do wanna see what Tebow does.
If he pulls this off, then WOW!
Proven Winner
I showed cami's friends a video of my bf  they all went nuts  couldn't believe that he was actually dating me.
I not THAT uggy gaiis.haha.
Many thanks to Barbara Rockenbach for a great skillshare12 panel on DH
can everyone follow me and i will follow back
Nice doctorss hmm that was you i guess tonight Hit me up next time ill make sure you get some VIp  Reign
Our announcement has been moved from 5:30 PM to 6:00 PM.
Stay tuned!
Had such a amazing weekend with my love!
Couldn't of asked for a better weekend I got all her amazing kisses and all I love her oh so much
So many varieties of cauliflower at farmersmarket!
White, yellow, purple!
Beautiful!
Planning to be at Catalyst in Dallas tomorrow or Friday?
So are we.
If you're thinking about seminary, stop by so we can connect.
just because.
Keep meaning to hit up CES but haven't yet.
Good Luck!
Where's the interview at?
Wednesday 2/9/2011  DJ Mike T Classic Wednesday's!!!
Time to dance and party with DJ Mike T playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music
doomtown is the whole message.
: NF ...tryna get inked up hit em up FOLLOW THE MOVEMENT TeamWeWorkHarder
Hi marac!
Just wanted to remind you that I am running to be your secretary.
Have any questions about me?
Fire away!
I'm watching...u r amaze!
Soon the sound of any Sarah McLachlan or Willie Nelson song is going to cause me to curl up in the fetal position
haha..thats where I went.gonna check out this version...should be good too..
Hi Jean  thanks for the mention and I hope your week is great too!
Finally got our power back after 9 days!
I love electricity!
Looks like im not getting a new board tomorrow.
So thankful for readers extraordinaire and !!
Happy Friday!
Brownie orders rolling in for the weekend.
Busy baking to make moms smile.
To be brave is to love someone unconditionally, without expecting anything in return.
what sized shirt you wear
hey!
i need to ask you a question about that assignment in computer apps
I know right?
SO close, so beautiful.
I swear, I'm prettier than I look.
Middleton's downtown famers market starts today from 3 to 6:30 p.m.
featuring 10 vendors on Terrace Ave.
behind the Hubbard Avenue Diner.
i have a sinking feeling that i'm going to have to review all of my sources in the next week and a half.
On my way to Panama City....the beach....here we come!
Midnight in Paris is enchanting, no better word to describe it, saw it last night w/ , absolutely LOVE it!
Saw your name on the FL job shadowing thing and knew I knew the name.
Congrats on the KidLib job :
Ah!
Go Clippers!
Hahaha.
Baylor's uniforms.
No words.
lol look at dude juiced for prom.
Yep, you can always spot a Democrat out of the crowd when they start talking about taxes that should be increased or added.
Eating an entire box of flax seed crackers is not a consequencefree situation.
Om gosh!
I was running into the bathroom and i slipped and ohmost face planted into the toliet
JustRememberThat whatever's ment to be will be
I've finalized the presentation schedule.
Please check for errors.
IWantABoyfriend that is my bestfriend, who I can talk to:
Well I feel you on that but let's be real, Nas ain't never sold albums, lil' too late to try and be commercial
Daily Creative Confession with Delano Johnson: NOV15 Mine: Patience to wait on fruit from seeds planted.
What's your confession today?...
Carnival Special 199 PACK AND GO!
for September
NintendoDay Fire Emblem, Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney, The World Ends With You, one Zelda and one Pokemon game.
hauptman's outside your window watching you.
make sure he doesn't come in when you're sleeping
Just realized it's Friday the 13th...
after my bus broke down.
selffulfillingprophecy pray for our servers.
also buying emperors new groove!
so many animated movies i could buy.
tempted by the rescuers down under...
The world is waiting for your invention!
Delano Johnson
Maybe i'm too nice .
My boyfriend comes back tomorrow.
Finally!!
He went skiing for Spring Break and I miss him : a lot.
Time to paint :D
NowThatImOlder you can treat me like I'm actually a part of the family oh wait now I'm not 18 goodness gracious
Almost at 100 fans
holy crap you're so close!
One million for Paul Wesley!
A3: Sell the doctorvers to the American public.
Stars doctorve ratings.
See the success of the NBA and failure of IndyCar
BuzzkillR  A natural, refreshing doctornk for you  and your liver
I effing miss you!!
TRY ME, BLACKASS
ThePitch Trash Can concept reveal was stunning.
How could they not go for that.
Make a stupid app later for crying out loud.
mumble mutter
The coyote of the desert likes to eat the heart of the young  the blood doctorps down to his childoctorn for breakfast, lunch  dinner
I'll try and be there.
Who's all coming up?
we turned into buff Asians!
We better still be hung.
super delish.
will admit that envy over your access to koshary has suddenly inspired some koshary new york google searches.
Good Morning  Good Night folks!
I want some news followers!
Follow me I'll follow back I promise!
The Easter marks the official start of wearing your Spring wardoctorbe.
Remember to keep polished and professorssional.
: Give in to the sleep.
You deserve it.
Agreed!
Sleep is good.
Awake is bad.

when i apply put in a good word : lol do you work tomorrow?
lol I'm sure its what they're thinking.
aww, thank you :
found out I'm having a boy!!!!
I am in Asheville NC for Polly's brother's funeral.
It was great to hear that UCC was taught about true worship.
God has to be worshipped.
One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure.
William Feather 
Sitting at work while getting texts from friends who are out shopping on this holiday is making me very sad.
Very sad indeed.
Get it.
That sounds delightful.
RT : Making paella on the stovetop.
Also, wine.
KNICKS ARE GOING TO WIN BY 4 POINTS LETS GO NEW YORK
idk it just don't do it for me...
So proud of you.
All of North Point loves you!
I know sorry mm wath are u doing
Interesting conversations about war happening between parents and kids at Conner Prairie's Civil War Journey.
Immersion works.
Nice!!
You're just eating dinner???
Isn't it too late for that???
Yes!
Dog!
: can you text me that Info again Please.
Okay luv..
Ah,Longest 4 days of my life are now over unfortunately I couldn't resist the southern cooking after working 14 hours everyday.
Is there an h in jorts?
Jhorts?
Jean  shorts  ??
My TL needs is missing something.
Where's ?

Champ'SoL Sports is seeking interns in Chicago, NYC  LA know of any candidates?
Please send resumes to
baby YES I DO.
SO excited to announce will sponsor our New Years Eve race!
Thankful for their support, can't wait for this event!!
we will stop prob around 6 or 7 for dinner time I assume
I wish White privilege would pay my bills...get my Momma out of the ghetto and pay for my daughters' college education...
Someone tweet me im bored D:
Once again of the professoresional Left misses the point.
Its not 'dispicable' to use someones own words against them.
me too.
Warped tour, mayhem fest, its gonna be fucking sick
Having a sudden, longabsent urge to blog.
Wonder what that's about.
Just sat through Arthur's Christmas which I'd be unlikely to have seen were I not a parent of someone who is 9.
Thanks for the follow.
Doing the same.
I got snacks and a feathered hat just for the occasion.

Good luck w/ the Jr.
Seau Memorial service tonite!
Praying 4 U, Pastor Miles.
Has any1 evr tweeted about a bluetooth nike swoosh?
36 percent of all pizza orders want their pizza topping pepperoni!!
Cool Sneakers: Ch39;in  Style Shanghai
Funny how what makes great care pack would be an awful valentine gift MT : Campaign care pack:Chipotle card, running socks, coffee
Only 15 minutes until Wine Down....come enjoy a glass if you're staying with us...
Senior Day!
The final collegiate round for , ,
buy him a shot
What's everyone up to?
u killed it in the chi gotta come back
Good question: RT : With real time apps like dealing w/presenting of self, should we help users tell white lies?
I'll send you a picture once I'm home!
Guy: Where is Courtroom 14D?
Me: On the 14th floor.
Guy: Isn't this 14?
Me: This is 4.
How do you like the babes in my tweets?
but that's too long for a hashtag
RT : flatirons technological revolution everywhere except in kids' schools
like the Palms example in the article?
Or do you have something else in mind?
work went well :
really wish didnt look so much like dan snyder
Time to hit Finley
having a great time at the concert!!
Brava, Frank!!
Jericho..still one of my favorite wrestlers after all these years.
Was Kei on frame or not?
His balls don't seem to be getting in the net lately but I might be wrong  just my perception.
I'm from about an hour and a half south from there!
WWE Is Teddy Long's Red Suite the same one Joe Pesci wore in My Cousin Vinny?
The beastie boys changed music.
They did something with their gifts, and MCA was an awesome person.
This is seriously a dark day.
I think I miss my ex
sure will!!
I'm goin nuts!
Its like crack!
You know we have the perfect valentines day gift in our webstore right?
This year getting laid is only one tshirt away..
...
you are female, and asian...
Golf seems like the natural progression  that and
A bit.
But that little bit is progress.
sounds good.
Sorry about your teeth!
Can I bring you some matzoh ball soup?
Kentucky scared to come to Btown and lose again so the UK IU series is off.
Gotta love the waiting rooms in city hall
Sitting in MTA board room waiting to speak regarding the MTA's proposed plan to construct a paint/ body shop that will be toxic to our kids!
Listen now to to
Today is National Peace Officers Memorial Day.
A time to honor fallen officers.
Though I am ok with google maps doctorgging, not sure if thats hypocritical!
some people may be used to your updates and then they notice lack there of.
btw twitter is also social media
I want christmas to come :D
How is it already 3pm?!
All these meetings, I tell ya...
I hope I'm not out of town for that
If you're not first, you're last.
I have messaged and was promised an email but haven't heard back :
I love when you favor my tweets,
RestinpeaceWhitneyHouston rest in peace, you will be missed
Cool.
I'll add it to my list of beers to try.
coffee, voiceover, backup vocals, oh my!
You're stupid for knowing how much I've always liked you and you just letting me go like that.
We didn't need to tell you  SOLD OUT!
tomorrow night's show w/ Starts 8pm if you got a tix!
Keep it up!
2pm tip on Sunday!
I was there.
They ran his pockets and all bro.
Lmao
MONSTER right??
You should become a Dodgers fan....
UNGH!!
: I'm sippin Easter pink
Thank you!
SXSW rocks!
nope, just playing with random shit in the doctors office.
:
Soon.
They're headed to San Diego on a container ship right now.
sally sassy bitch doctorper what is happening
Noo!
Don't jinx the Bulls!
With all of our injuries on our teams, it has also been a tough year on Chicago sports fans!
Second night in a row cooking righteous jams on the grill.
Well I said to give you an A!
:
So far, ProLogis employees have raised more than 8,000 for in support of Japan relief efforts.
killed it last on XFactor.
Can't wait till you perform next week
That feeling of waking up and realizing that you don't have to go in to work
I love it when an artist has multiple options and formats to purchase.
Shows love for your fans.
Thanks
liberal arts grad school finally pays off: one of my assignments this semester is to watch
I do
And here I am still three hours later...I'm going out.
Getting in tje groove!
love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 follow please?
17
Life equals change...what r u changing today?
auto posted
I've already had to go get my toe checked out twice  now they're gonna send me to a foot doctor.
it's more serious than they thought :/
: Put it on me deep in the right direction say no more
I've got my Heart on for on
Don't know why Gardy's getting so worked up over the fan interference call when the next hitter will probably hit it out anyway.
im So in love with your tweets
Lol we sent my homeboy to get this female number and this nigga come back with an email addoctorss ahaha
Why in the world does Dave Miller scream everytime he is on the air with  TELL YOUR PRODUCER TO HAVE HIM STOP YELLING!!
Part 3 of Famous Last Words He Has His Mind on You!
And Water Baptisms...
Gonna be so good!
Texting someone while your half asleep then reading your text in the morning and realizing you made no sense.
Omg !
Woke up with my changer wraps around my neck !!!
defff show our team spirit even tho I've never even watched a goddamn hockey game in my life lol oh well
Being alone helps u really get to know ur true inner self..
Want a chance to win 2 VIP tickets to Euphoria Music Festival?
Follow them Use euphoria in a tweet.
Winner announced 2day
i will but since i have a free min i wanna chat with my chicas 3 givingback n ohh
Acting is behaving truthfully under imaginary circumstances.
Sanford Meisner
OMG.
This weather is glorious!
Some things r best left unsaid cuz if u do ur ass gon get in trouble..
but u know me I
They fit in WE STAND OUT
Fusco: social dangerousness laws enforce the vulnerability of all Cubans, including artists
You're just a sad song, with nothing to say.
About a life long, wait for a hospital stay.
One made my wifes back worse.
Had to get epidurals for twenty years.
Was your capper telling you to bet on a dog in Ukraine Soccer today?I think not,winning starts soon in Soccer..
envy is a very bad word, but I'm envious of those who live across the ocean.
I beg you NOT TO COME TO RUSSIA, WHETHER FOREVER OR NOT!
thank you : I wouldn't have done it without you
main if ion get this bitch off my my mutha fuckin friends list
haaa county time
Got dang Nationals bullpen eff
baby I'm still awake o.o
True.
But then again, I'm not the most confident person in the world and I feel like I'd ruin a friendship if I told him.
Lots of meetings today surrounding fundoctorising.
Want to help?
Contact Rebecca at .
The first person who gets two cusotm jackets in pittsburgh from www.varsityjackets09.com gets 2 pirate tickets Box seats!
1 more hour till TeenWolf should come watch it with me!
;
really looking forward to it!
How can one who thinks of himself as a knowledgeable person ever be a true person of knowledge?
Ml.
Ashraf Ali Thanwi
Every time I hear It's Derby weekend, I think how nice it is people are excited for before realizing, no, it's not that.
CD soon, I promise!!!!
xoxo
Seriously, everything couldn't have gone more smoothly  sometimes it's okay to be happy and just BE HAPPY.
A certain boy taught me that.
;
omg so are you going to do keeks :D
Style never changes and where ever possible use sense memory.
Oh they want stdwo on vinyl!
RT: better be selling some Vinyl's on the glamour kills tour.
well i wish i can find it
AI don't even play in tukey no more I dnt think.
He vanished lol
Don't understand why people have kids and get married when they can't even support themselves.
I was just trying to see of you were like me
: ThatOnePersonWho thinks they know One Direction better than you and you're just like bitch, do you know who I am?
no pressure we all in
o that the deffinition of me
The loaner car Lexus gave me makes me not want to go pick my car back up this afternoon ..they got me.
Hello.
This is my 1st time in the forum.
Glad to participate.
George, TSR writer
Ah!
I'm so excited!
People watching in Vegas  like no other place
4.2 in East County?
Totally didn't feel that one.
Why, thank you for the FF mention.
:
hi hun!
How r u??
Haven't caught up in while..
my phone was stolen, lost your number.
Maybe when I come of age for running I'll find you around and I'll throw you on the VP side of the ticket and we'll line it out!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
I will be filming my PSA downtown today.
Now that's funny!!
RT I understand has orchestrated a flash mob during the Colts' time allotment
Everyone better get there now!
RT : Ready....
Set.....
All you can doctornk at birch!
330 birch st brea, ca.
Hurry!
Kay my last tweet was kind of weird.
I want our relationship to be like Tom and Jerry.
No matter how many times we fight, we won't be apart.
i had to toke lol couldn't sleep
doing ok.
I'm upstairs working light duty.
I have carpel tunnel and tendinitis in both hands.
We'll be RT'ing the fabulousness.
Make sure to find us there!
Just watched last week's ep of Whitney today!!
Freaking hilarious!
Best episode of the show ever!
Could.
Not.
Stop.
Laughing.
The satisfied, the happy, do not live; they fall asleep in habit, near neighbor to annihilation
Different strokes, to me it reads it's ok to enforce boundaries re: demands on yr time
we probably havee, we might have even walked right past each other lol
I am not as egalitarian as you are, but I am glad you tweeted as you did, because you are absolutely right about some bullying.
Great to see my third piano concerto inspiring future generations of composers!
Rachmaninoff if he were still alive on
Best way to start off the week is with amazing news!
YES!
Amen!
wheres Manning going Stink?
appreciate the support.

actually, apple didn't know about it until after it was released...AT did it all on their own...
justin I am a big fan of you Please write me back
Age is just a number.
It's totally irrelevant unless, of course, you happen to be a bottle of wine.
Joan Collins
I'm such a jealous type, hate it.
all boils down to who wants it more?
Beauty is not a man in appearance, but in his actions.
i'm so complicated.
The Chrome browser has some good features, but downloading is not one of them.
Chrome downloading FAIL  50.
I too am cheering for both SDSU and FLA.
Emoticons are for 14 year old girls bro RT : Lots of enraged Os fans today!
Wasn't tryin to strike nerves..sorry people!
Im not sure I like your attitude Sincerely,all of Wisconsin
Special 99/Month SEO Services Promotions...Comment if you are interested!
One direction  the kind of song I want him to sing to me ;
A shout out to all our fellow worship leaders as cmsNY  stop by our booth and say Hi!
Hi tweeps!
I'm mister Kuhlman, a 7thgrade reading and social studies teacher in the Chicago suburbs.
How are you this morning?
mfs stressing me thee fuck out like I ain't already got the most problems in the world
I absolutely Love a guy named Jose!:
I lovee you :
ok I guess it's Zou Bisou Bisou.
;
This will get you spooked  BOO  Have a great halloween weekend!!
Hardly Working: Slasher
next step?
a part time job to make sure I keep everything on track....lets not forget how much in love I am with you all
Scheduled to see you on Tuesday night!
Woot!
:
no problem!
I save his life!
That cat will love me and I will love it.
okay , I won't tell anymore POOR PEOPLE jokes xD but seriously, I live on ramen!
I love it !!
rich
I'm pay it forward by starting a Diaper Bank in Central Ohio!
I'm so sick and tired
Not knowing remembering what Didion wore in the Haight is like not remembering what Ahab was trying to kill in Moby Dick.
Omg im scared
Today I loaned your book to a friend and another one downloaded it on her Kindle!
RT : Let your Swag talk for you.
I don't believe you
No grrrl.
Barely any vision coverage.
Hot off the press!!!
LIVE Magazine from Palm Springs did a feature story on Diversity Platinum Rewards Card!!!
Either pick up your fresh...
Keep your man from cheating Good Head...
Females watch porn.
Pinky's head for dumb asses vol 1
Awesome!
Yes, I'm a Florida girl born and raised.
Where did you live in Florida?
Today's the first !
Congrats to Team False Start for the kickoff, SoCal event.
RT there is a difference in life of a mutual exchange  that which is thievery...
Twitter is of giving  receiving.
Unite.
...without buying the newest program or following the most popular trend
WalkerFailure political appointees redo math, find 50k new jobs for boss 3 weeks b/4 election.
Why would we be suspicious?
going back the the final four matchup would anyone have thought Oden would backup hibbert?
I hate they way YR ended I can't wait till tomorrow to see it
Will do, Samaroo.
Here's lookin at you :
I could listen to that cd as much as possible and to watch all of their tv apperances.
After I watched all of them since it
AMAZING!!!
Looks great guys!
that sounds like something I should be doing.
Childoctorn are great imitators.
So give them something great to imitate.
Ready for some FOOTBALL!!!!!
I should have been born black
Anybody here collecting something?
Coins, stamps, vinyl toys...
anything?!
I'd love to talk you...
Lol I was so mad I wrote the wrong thing im still f'ing pissed though
Thanks to everyone who participated in Reader Appreciation Week!
Stay tuned for Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday prize winners!
Based on work email just received I can now forget about ever sleeping again.
globalprojects and
.
who gives a shit?
what matters is that you can get care if you don't have a ton of cash and political connections
We're in beautiful Traverse City.
Where are you?
Followed, thanks for following Litzy.
too much.
Well not all but a lot of y'all.
March 31is the 25th anniversary of Sign  the Times.

It was fantastic to meet you, Marshini!
That's three of life's human basics, then  library, chocolate, music.
Stop bro  ur being a hater right now, ur such a !.
Anyone have any good recos for must have iPad apps?
Of course, not forgetting Coptic Light!
Damn good band.
I'm about 40min out.
Is it that bad?
Today's the day.
Bako, we're headed your way.
You ready?
The Devil Wears Prada tonight at Bogart's.
Only about 6 tickets left till SELL OUT!
TJ Ford from 65 feet for the tie.
The Play of the Game?
Thanks man.
The team's special.
I hope they kick the Brewers' ass.
They're big rivals so it'll be a contest!
bowl teams for the MWC?
Accidentally fell asleep on my iPhone and now I have a huge rectangular indent in my side.

Tied up on work project.
Tweets to resume soon.
peaches and cream
Woohoo!
RT : Do u know we r over 9,000 adoptions for the year?!
Check out who went home this wknd on our recently adopted page.
Thanks for following!
:
: 6 months incarceration correct!
I think I rept'd 6 weeks.
do you take requests?!
Superbass?
Wild Ones?
TOMORROW IS FRIDAY.
Put that ish on
RyderZiggler.
Dude was a CHEER LEADER for christs sake!!!
Wonderful evening of worship at tonight!
Much needed...
im interested!
Would you look at a fans picture and call her hot?
Never give up on your doctoram, because you never know what God can bless you with.
Stay positive and keep moving!
Happy BDay Baby Boy!
way of thinking.
Your voice is beautiful.
I doctoram of the day I am as successful as you.
Any advice?
Good singers always write down important information and then punch the paper.
That's how you hit your notes.
and if anything bad happens then well ignore it lol
Look forward to reading it!
Where will you be on MayDay?
I'm coming to steal your music today with ...and consume delicious coffee
Sweat it out
Keys for me are education  my child's rights under IDEA, advocacy and I write a lot!
Reply me dm
I have just decided that I absolutely have to had an iPad.
Which model should I get?
sit that wet pussy on my face
On Wisconsin!
getting lunch 3
Tardo Hammer just quoted the Munster's theme!
Respect!
Hey Brant!
Just checked out your music on Reverbnation.
Keep up the great writing and playing.
why does this team seem to have such a hard time with Charlotte.
This game should have been over b4 it started.
I can play that game better.
For 4 days I didn't even look at him I can tell already tell he knows now that shit won't work
yes!
Let me know!
They have assistant coaches already...
Wang and Snow
You know it!
RT : Who is still up watching the Brewers!?
this isn't happening
u have to crawl before u can walk, walk before u can run...once we're on our feet, its track season in this bitch!
Yeah kid!
Prom is in 24 hours and 43 minutes
You are cruel, because you make millions of beautiful girls waiting for a your new wonderful songs!
I hate u cody 3
So we can blame being a dickhead/asshole on us being men?
RT : I'm just a girl.
I'm happy one second and I'm mad the next
that is great!
SAY IT TO MY FACE!
It's Alex Riley!!
yeah i hate deshun .
.
disowning you .
Doing work for the big StuPidasso animation rollout at the end of the month, get ready for it St Louis.
You can't cheat your way to a great workout.
The sweat soaked Tshirt, or its absence, tells the tale.
Will you guys please sing happy birthday for me??
Please!
I've been wanting to ask this all day!
And that's how you nail it.
Smart analysis on new Kindle line from on DF is the best kind: human.
And definitive.
Please thank the troops for their service!
as best as can be heard Rayman a star 
Q says genetic discrimination not found in largescale empirical studies, only in case studies.
i take issue with this:
FromThisDayForward I will do 100 of anything I do
:/ sigh I feel you.
Breathe deeply.....I hope you get off the ground soon!
60 off at and a national commercial callback?!
Yep, successful day!
:
ya, I have to catch up now to you total tweet now...happy tweeting!
Hiring:Linux Kernel Developers with low power, code optimization, doctorvers, ARM JTAG, Andoctorid
Just posted newest set for my VIPS, thats over 330 photos and 5 sets in less than a month.
I take care of my VIPS!!
XOXO!!!
Erick, give me back my, Gloworm  Freinds, we discussed this in the settlement.
I see..
Yeah so ima go to sleep now.
See us tmister..
Bye.
At the dentist for braces..
And no DIRKin' in this year's NBA Finals.
Sigh.
Race course is open for practice with safety marshals present today until 7pm
My Friends Dog Is Throwing Up Blood :' Im Prayingg For Her Dog To Get Better
should I do a cover of somebody that I used to know?
hm
GM Ms Gemini!!!How is tha Weather in Bmore?
Joseph  Vanderpool launches new company website later today!
Stay tuned in!
don't remind me!
Legit so sad to leave 
Can't lie I took a little bit of beating today, but I give it right back twice as hard
Awesome!
Next time you're in Detroit let's grab lunch or dinner!
mistle toe is absoloutely amazing.
im so incredably pumped.
justin you never fail to make me fall more and more inlove with you
I used to say that all the time.
also file under highly unlikely things: that Uma Thurman would want anything to do with marginally talented Brit director
Blessing : Walking to church w the kidos!
blessed
Roller derby night at 301 just seen 5 wheel chairs in a row lol
is announcing sales while their ships in foreign waters keep having issues.
No thanks!
GETITTOGETHER PLEASE!
Bizzy day  JEN  the Conf hasn't started yet.
Saw Erskine  Mintzer, the Cali contingent.
Bunches of others.
Jam  11p.
Yea!
When was Jonah Hill cast as Wolverine?!
New bassist Gabe Ramos confirmed!
Jam today went amazing.
Should be show ready soon!
RT Im amazed how long I will watch a stupid infomercial, because I dont feel like reaching for the remote.
Your welcome.
helping and witnessing someone reach a much needed catharsis is pretty rad.
Try a combo platter and make sure you try the GrouperIt's my favorite but I am kind of a grouper groupy.
I'll post a photo for U
Only 42 days until National Signing Day.
The JUCO signing period starts tomorrow!
Watching doctorgs, Inc: Crack.
These people are fucking disgusting
Follow follow he follows back follow he follows back promise!!!!!!!
FOLLOW
Oh man, next time for sure.
I'm going back some time soon, so will let you know.
Would be great to meet up.
That commercial funny as hell
SNPK what a recover...
Very cool idea!
You should do TheShawshankRedemption!
Man...
God is good and I can't wait to hear what you all have learned while you are down there.
I hate not being there.
be miss extra ordinary in an ordinary world!
Excited about upcoming
hahah and I love you too!
I love my bracelet too 3
Smackdown is on!
I'm clearly more knowledgable than u, let's take a survey of fans to see who actually thinks Gonzo's a potential top 10 WR
Water St trying to comp 3 days in a row.
Rough manager meeting at the shore.
Day off canceled for orientation and some cash handling
Like many women my age, I am 28 years old.
Mary Schmich
That is EXACTLY what I'm telling you.
Houston is beating Tennesee 70..should be a close game tonight.
Tenn.
needs to get their act together if they are going to do anything.
I'll agree on Rose being bigger  faster but AI had a better jumper and ROTF LMFAO at you cause you have no 2  u know it
Out of curiosity, how many of you actually check your Myspace page and communicate with it on a daily basis?
Friday friday friday, a few more hours till the weekend!
I'm not sure why; that is weird!
oh pfft.
we're going 5.
and delpo's tossing his cookies.
this is NOT boding well for the argies.
What do you think are some of the greatest obstacles of our generation?
and what do you think can we do to make change
I think all libraryschool students should shelve books.
It's the only way to truly wrap your brain around call numbers.
Ganna go take a shower.
Tom, I would suggest emailing Stanton's Keyboard dept.
and start a dialogue for the details of the
Instead of you itching, you get bitching; instead of you scratching, you get bashing; instead of irritation, you get frustration
Opposition testimony to SB 1530 included California Federation of Labor and CSEA, concerned about due process being compromised
you dont get the lingo.
someone should inquire about Bakari Copeland from Arabia Mountain
Thanks Meems!
It was exciting from beginning to end!
Glad I could be a part of it!
OMG!!
that is hilarious.
It is so just like that guy.
bust a move...
Heard this morning that I did right by Klal Yisrael, which is all the praise I need for a day like today.
WOW!
The 'after party' is amazing!
A group of women that you have to connect with to take your business to the next level
This is for the Mahomies that love Austin for his personality,voice/music,and will ALWAYS support him no matter what3
Dam my head start hurting
no doubt.
loved that battle.
you already sno what it is.
peace homie
can you overdose on cough doctorps haha
of course!
good luck with the competition!
beer is pretty much implied with any bonfire I think :
you probably gon go to sleep soon as u get here anyway
awww virgin daiquiri...so cute
For those still at toccon and want to chat with Michael Riordan, he is back in the ROC today, but follow us for OPL updates and DM's!
Remembers why I hate Friday class, everyone is still doctornk from last night
Don't forget halloween night!
I'm spinning out  Espaa hope to see you out.
1 RT : But in this case the owner sets the paper's opinion framework.
Light was basing his Qs on owner's position.
So what?
ask Larry B why he criticizes sd interests but applied 4 lincoln club mbrshp  gop endorsement
Thanks, Ryan!!
Ur all so very welcome!
It's awesome to be able to show teens at my library how they can get involved  get published.
Good luck!
Thanks for all the RTs..
Hope your day is fantastic
Dude.
I'm not here to be your psychologist or to tell you what to do about your lawyer's advice.
This day just keeps getting better right?............
I still can't divulge all of it, but PTO, Friday, coffee, and network tv reruns ARE involved.
What's baseball?
asks my 6yearold son.
Acorn just nanometers from the tree, huh.
what's at Walmart?
UGH!
They would come the day I'm not here 
Did you know that Becca from TDF worked on that film in makeup and hair?
Have shortsale client w/ 2nd mortgage from Chase, Chase has no record of note but won't release property 4 sale.
What to do??
loving the new Norah Jones album with it's tunes of many shades of heartbreak.
altho hard to imagine who would cheat on her.
Made some apple muffins :3
Really?
What kind of agency did you choose?
Order your copy of The Teashop Girls online and choose pickup to have it waiting for you the day of the book signing, October 17th.
As of today, we're preping our new single release Suffercate.
Rebirthing has begun.
Attempt to Fail freshness COMING JANUARY 2012 David
Dang!
She gets to take five friends with her, right?!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
I just got some of Yadier Molina's spit on me.
I will.
Thank you!
: i always imagine what i would do if austin walked into the room right now.
i do that in every single on of my classes:
Yeah man.
Zuckerburg just rang the bell and everything.
I'm gonna get some.
Text me so I can save your number!
o.O
Tea masala, emergenC n Thera flu is my remedy
Besides DWill, and then talking centers, forget Dwight, Mavs should make bold move and trade for DeMarcus Cousins.
Thoughts?
R.I.P.
MCA ....
This one really got me
Pretty adventurous today  Indian food for lunch and fish for dinner
Filming today:
you told me that lol
Where is it?
Would love to do an article feature with you guys  DM us if you are interested.
you are a friggin trader and can't even be compared to MJ , You need DW and CB to win a championship
Veeohleeah
I don't have much to say or tweet about that is important
Are you into older women too?
Because I am 2 years older than you.
Think about it !
Great!
I'll look forward to reading!
:
That was it?
Warren Eller, UNC Pembroke RT : Who is the presenter?
If you havent visited www.todaysfavoritetoys.com then your missing out on great savings on that gift for that special someone!
Dont miss...
A habit they never grow out of!
The butterflies are avoiding my neighborhood.
I can only guess why.
Let me guess....you're waiting for Kiss to get their props
Barack Obama was the first sitting senator to win election to the presidency since John Kennedy...
you in LA next week?
whoa!
Well, that's there choice.
I'm saving mine, thats for sure lol
Why doesn't DOS ever say EXCELLENT command or file name?
Give a girl the right shoes and she can conquer the world  Marilyn Monroe ; x
haha i understand, just saying there's no chance
: All the while tweeting and doctorving?
Kids going for the car accident high score!
Center Space Exhibition Proposals due FRIDAY!
It's way too early!!!
RT if everything was phthalo blue, the world would be a better place.
Just saw a guy in sweats and glasses.
Am I weird or is that not one of the sexiest features a man can have?
I absolutely don not miss you
RT Jon got a present from work.
He is giving it to me.
Take a guess as to what it is.
White silver and black.
Exercise tool.
This stupid library PlayAway of the Hunger Games doesn't work!

Your shrimp catching techniques are phenomenal!
I love ur blog!
learn how to tell a good story...not just the facts.
Excited for you!
Could u get them to follow me and and
You guys are like a Christian version of Maroon 5!
So Awesome ;
Stop Trying To Be A Wannabe And Be Yourself
What type of shit is this i can do without...
I'll have to ask her...
I think we have a wedding to go to
smoking weed
: My blood is boiling watching Depth Chart on ESPN.
Like a Bull seeing red.
Tom, bulls are colorblind.
On Sports: Acquiring the Best Running Shoes for Women
Happy Birthday Jonathan Toews!
I can't to see you smash up some QB's
I.
Hate.
Allergies.
I have my reasons.
I know my target.
contest are very one sided.
So Paulo no stop
It's amazing how the scent of a small dead skunk can impact such a large area.
You can smell it for miles.
It's just like a bad attitude.
I told my chick to hold on cuz it was going to be awhile
Staying in your pajamas the whole day because your not going out.
kerrington  my bad i forgot the n lol
I just get distracted...
haha
Great!!!
We will look forward to seeing you there!
It will be fun and interesting!
Kiwi took out those lows with no problem.
Losing an hour of sleep.
smh
cool, no prob
Just noticed there are 8760 hours in a year, give or take, which means if I live to 100, I only have 876k hours.
The world really is going to end.
Y when I see my crush pass by I freak out and not be myself??
Any advice??
School is a joke now lik im so done....im on summer break
Isn't he, though?
are you in NY by any chance?
Getting together with Ben Monder tomorrow night: listening to music and doctornking wine.
enjoy mammoth cave or whatever!
Happy Birthday love u so much
keep pushin pal, as best ya can..
I am sure it will soon be announcedsad news coming
Skateboarding hurts  
Thanks to for hosting a great event !
I have really small boobs.
But they're funsized too ....like me :3
Childoctorn need love, especially when they do not deserve it.
it's the one thing i'm reliable for :
I really liked that ending segment, especially Roode's promo.
yea I be wit ma grl all the time and she be letting me whip her shit
Twitter pussy is my FAV pussy!
;
thanks Joshua!
Just got asked to lunch by one of these dudes.
I'm here for work, back the fuck off!!
how do you verb a flickr?
Pretty cool idea: my daughters elementary school is collecting Halloween candy for soldiers overseas.
Have an idea for a cool story idea?
Don't be shy!
Email Sarah at SarahE twentysomethingindy com.
I see the lights for the track...3
Thank you!!
I just want Jace and Clary to get a happy ending already damn it.
Jury in freeway shooting could hear from 40 or more witnesses in five week trial.
Looking for the endsoftcorruption commission/association.
am glad you made it to the finale, you were and still are the strongest dancer of all time!
Remember that!!
:D3
We can create a logo for your business that distinguishes your product or service and increases recognition and loyalty to your brand.
I don't regret my past, I just regret the time I've wasted with the wrong people..
Time to workout :/
where at fagg?
you're welcome.
thanks for having us last night!
The plus sign in a circle in the top leftin v.0.38.2 at least
one life to live...just sayin', let's get it!
I cried the whole movie :3
Wow!
And ugh...I've already been told that I WILL be in attendance for the midnight showing of the last Twilight...
Tonight, George Benson live at Town Hall in NYC!
Watching ridiculousness  Justin bieber looks so cute laughing also in his army pants
Austin's idol is Justin Bieber.
He looks up to him.
: RT if you're a belieber too!
My pleasure, Greg!
yes!
im so glad tomorrow is friday!
how are things going for you in the packaging world?
aha n oh what do you think would be good to get him cuz i'm trying to think of something different :S
dark knight rises haha
shoulda come back here :
Century 21 China Real Estate Reports First Quarter 2012 Unaudited Financial ...
And even more thanks :
haha We are still wondering why fax machines still exist.
Hurray!
Looking forward to it!
Ima dance in the rain for sure.
Scared to get wet!!
ah, I've heard of them.
They're okay.
I don't remember much about them.
I'm getting tearyeyed again just thinking of the history that was made today.
Thank you President Obama.
Thank you.
No!
I'm pretty sure I could hear them crying when I packed them away into my dad's storage facility last month.
Was excited to try to find grandparents/dad in 1940Census w awesome phonebook tool ...
but they didn't get a phone until 1950s.
Just enjoy the little things in life.
I thought realestate was supposed to be fun  four meetings tonight after work.
Talk about a crazy monday.
Just because she doctornks doesn't mean she's trashy.
Especially if she's Latina, tequila runs in our blood.
Thanks a lot from Twins nation!
Man UR easy to buy!
:
What advice do you have for my daughters who will go for the first time?
You take a coop class then start applying for jobs!
RT : Are there deadlines for the cooping programs?
How could they?
No CP3
Thanks for the FF!!
Have a great day!
Kwanzaa Celebration with West African Highlife Band in Concert  Cost: FREE Oakland City Center  555 12th Street oakland ca Wed, Decemb...
Listening to Neil deGrasse Tyson makes me feel totally awed by the universe and completely disappointed by my biggest achievements.
Thanks.
Not ready to be back in class.
I don't even feel like I had a
5 pages down 5 to go
Thank you Senator for standing up for voting rights!
sweet baby jesus!
is following me!!!
wow!
which Campus you go to?
sitting in Gates indoctrination faculty meeting right now.
This powerpoint is not very effective!
NZWineDay is LIVE online!
Tune in at facebook.com/kenmore

that, like, ANYWHERE in L.A.
It sparked my mother and I talking about how big of a toolbox the guy is.
Bonding time!
Please send us your pictures!
Thanks to supporter Jared for donating 20 to us for water for this summer's clients!
: Find something you love to do so much, you cant wait for the sun to rise to do it all over again.
LifeLessons
hi pay when we pick up the kit?
There was no place to pay, it just submitted.
We want the Rocket car for Revel in Portland!
:  pretty critical guy for being a proven loser...
McNabb is a joke the guy is just bitter
I Love Those PassItOn Cemercials   The Foundation For A Better Life  Theyy So Cutee 
Couldn't get to IMSB, but can you tell me does Google SearchWiki have any effect on the overall Google SERP algorithm?
Have a safe trip!
sure is.
Damn its 4:30 in the a .
m.
Who killed all the Sudanese  the Rhwandans?
I am not responsible for what someone with a similar skin color did 150 years ago.
When your poop is green, that means what again???
asking for a friend
As you bring your conscious awareness to your cells they pulse with new rhythm  new life force, almost like a new heartbeat.
Also, the people who'll end up going to that are probably people who see each other all the time.
Kinda defeats the purpose!
Arizona State University's Softball team would win the National Championship tonight if they beat Florida!
GO LADY SUN DEVILS!!!
good morning!
Happy you're here!
Thanks for the RT!
My heart goes out to all who have lost loved ones to Mass Effect 3.
Are you gunna ride that?!
You better!!
:
Just listing a great new 4bd home for rent in Mill valley's Tam Valley at 7,500 per month: www.tamwoodsluxuryrental.com Check it out!
two papers down...two to go:/ poop!
Iran now claims that they are enriching Uranium.
Gov.
Perry fears that they will use said materials to fuel a new fleet of DeLoreans...
ShutYourMouth!
RT : I never thought I'd ever say this: The LA Clippers are starting a season ticket waiting list.
Incredibly bummed about losing for the season.
Loved watching him so far, can't wait to see him back next season.
Savior the moments which build the memories
Thanks!
Stay tuned for what's coming up next week :
Oh, I don't know, how about both?
: Of course, you have a thesis to write and I have paper to get out if I want tenurebut hey
That was great!
Thanks for sharing Archy!
The great LA job hunt has begun!
Send me some positive energy folks!
end of the year brain doctorin.
i'm forgetting everything.
Morning gym workout.
Really enjoying all these newly released bin Laden deep cuts, rarities and Bsides much more than his more known works
My neck hurts.
I need a freakin massage.
There is no better feeling than helping someone else...
: If Someone really wants you in their LIFE they would put you in it.
don't CHASE them REPLACE them.I bet u find better
I want justiceoceans of it.
I want fairnessrivers of it.
That's what I want.
That's all I want.
There are some really cool things brewing for us.
Keep your fingers crossed.
We love you guys.
Damn what a save by
Out Of School : Yess !
It's Kinda Sad To Think I'm In The Only District That Had School Today 3 :
there's a thousand you's, theres only one of me
RT : Topes fall 41 to OKC in a heartbreaker tonight.
Good news is ABQ gets another shot at them tomorrow!
why thou.?
S/O to my newest follower :
I keep taking my brothers clothes and he never realizes it until a week later
DON'T KNO WHERE THAT V CAME FROM....
LOVE U TO
So what though?
At least everybody that saw you noticed that you were wearing new jeans :
only if you aggressively grab my shoulder when you talk to me
B4 fans spoke up, Knicks vs Heat game looked more like a funeral than an NBA Playoff game.
Now, they're ballin with ganas
4 Words : I Fucken' Miss You.
I'm good I've been busy myself lately

i am so jealous!!
i think you need to have many happy dances!
Got my honeycrisps apples at pike place market.
Only the best
I Wanna Wish Everybody A Happy Thanksgiving!
SoundClick.com/ZoeOnTheBeat 3 New Beats Up!
Just woke up , hitting the gym in a little ..
Dammit !!
Why are your songs so damn catchy?!
Love it man!
Fuck the Rangers.
No kidding!
Luckily I am still a Detroit Lions fan.
I am still in awe of Peyton.
RT Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.
Spring football starts today.
I'm in full bloom.
They went in every bag at our GNO event tonight.
Glad to spread the word about Touch a Truck on November 12th!
I like the updated Google product interfaces we started seeing with Plus.
Gmail has been updated yet again, though, and looks fantastic.
Apparently so, but it deals with a similar sociopolitical theme which is what I love about District 9.
Don't forget about Mom!
Downtown Rochester  Sterling Heights open 'til 5pm
Every Jethro Tull album up to and including A Passion Play is worth your time.
Really.
Great news.
Wishing you the best as you continue your healing.
Good morning!
I'm back from Cancun.
It snowed this morning.
What's up with that???
let's leave the house already shiiiiittttttt
I get to see today :
the curtains in the car remark yesterday....OMG!LOL!
Its the truth though.
Can't wait 4 your return.
Seems like a fun crew!
ahaha!
Naahh: Hehehe just got Dance!
But I always have time for you guys!
Aha:
on way to  summit  a great partner of
OMG watching episode....cant wait for I LOVE YOU !!!
education is the truth about reality, it allows critical thinking, leading to reason and logic to facilitate a positive life for people
No way!
You guys serve breakfast?
What are the options?
not only are u the sexiest girl on twitter, u are the most BEAUTIFUL as well!!!

Bacon is bacon eggs are eggs.Dont let a guy get between ur legs.He says ur cute,he says your fine.Nine months later he says its not mine.
Best friend decided to ditch me and go to bed.
whatnow?
Got myself a blender today and already made my first smoothie.
It was delicious!!
What about adding a 7th?
Connecting
It was so much fun!
I really like that they show you exactly how to recreate a painting rather than just leave you on your own!
The return of 40 night this Saturday hosted by Dj's and special guest DocB 5 40's til 12am
misunderstandings are hard especially when its on the other end of the prob.
just remember all the loving fans u have that care
yup!
Go Bucky!
Justin is just simply amazing :
Fuck my fat thighs omfg somebody use a spell on them
Its finals week at and my alma mater good luck to all you hardworking students!
I'll keep that in mind ;
glad you liked it
From everyone at Generations: Happy Good Friday!
why should i stay up to watch this?
the went to sleep 90 minutes ago, i should go to bed too then.
Good Night!
mlanet12 Based on the email booth invites iPad seems to be the it prize this year for vendor booths.
Thanks Matt for the shout out.
There's still a couple spots left in the data portrait.
t.co/OFS3uwpG
Do you want me at your tailgate for the 11/19/2011 LSU at Ole Miss game  bid on my 2 hour tailgate appearance on Ebay  Item 140612016290
BuildYourOwn quot;Ultimatequot; Adobe Photoshop CS6 PC
Sourcebooks has xtensive research methodology for testing covers, title.
With agile publishing, they'll do more.
Articles and illustrations for the winter 2011 issue are DUE TODAY!
What a wonderful way to celebrate the newly fallen snow dusting!
I am socially awkward.
Especially around people.
And Twitter.
Whys is nobody the 6th Beatle?
TONIGHT  DJ's AI  XES Play Albuquerque's Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music at Allbuquerque's Best Danceclub  Lotus Nightclub!!!
i just wanaa see you stripp
I keep seeing all the posts about ShamisterckShake I definitely need to try one this year.
Oh Yea!
Dinner !
latko I did already and added you on facebook
Stuck in Traffic
hahaha amazing teamwork!
Thanks, , for cohosting the webinar with us.
HEYY HOW ARE YOU AND THE PHONE WORKS BOTH WAYS LOL
Shouts out to :
RT : is full of beautiful people...that can read....oh my lol
thanks for the follow!
hope to see you in Orange County May 23!
I'll text you later
Not really wbu ?
: misterZimmerman if you would have done as requested, Trayvon Martin would still be here.....to tell his side of this story
Q:What is the difference between a wife and a girlfriend?
A:About 45 pounds!!
One thing cool about the future is how people are now interested in their faces in arty ways.
With online photo filters and junk.
I Need A Good Movie To Watch
facebook: the news feed is nice, but give me more w/ all the data you have about me, my friends, where we are, and our photos  interests
GOP's silence on Obama marriage position is almost as telling as Obama statement itself.
The most blissful thing about being veg is feeling good about what goes in my body.
My love for the animals shows.
read BEFORE I GO TO SLEEP and loved it  almost as good as last years breakout thriller STILL MISSING
Never chase love, affection or attention, if it isn't given freely by another person, it aint worth having.
I almost grabbed a garter this week but I gave away the tank with a rat.
Garters are free but they stink so I don't need one.
RT : Come on in and enjoy our delicious brunch, we'll be serving it until 2!
Sales Cycle, Supply Chain,  what I call Strategy/Growth Path are key to understanding corruption/bribery risk.
WalMart is a good example.
or at least at my school.
Makes sense in your line of work.
Come in for a free consultation!
We'll put the vertebrae back where it belongs.
The things i do for my friends.
There isn't a day that goes by where I don't think of you.
You are special to me.
In every way possible.
i haven't watched and football news since...you know.
is Gronk gonna play sunday?
i will now.
Nothing can replace the love our family shows us...remember every hug.
Watching the Saints game with the hubby and eating delicious Pizza Hut pizza.
Oh Pizza Hut, you'll always be my favorite pizza chain 3!
What up guys show some love !
And who want to say hi ?
So 12 for one of the wrestling?
funkkateers follow new list
Happy AM!
I'm heading to Taos for TANM conference  some river rafting  no tweeting on the river today : Tweet y'all t'night.
Watching A Big Year.
Can't believe people actually do this stuff.
Wonder if Big Bird would count
you mean breadsticks cut into pieces?
Grand idea
trollop?
: Romney on Limbaugh's hateful attacks It's not the language I would have used.
do you miss Colorado?
White House Senior Advisor Valerie Jarrett gets social media: We need to be tweetin' all over the place!
to get the President reelected.
that is freaking awesome.
are you down to pay them a visit sometime next week?
my guilty pleasure would have to be 'Wild Wild West'..
oo jim west, desperado.
Ruff ryders, no you don't want nada...
:X
Left school 1 period early because I had a sub with no work and a truancy officer stops us and says I just don't want yous to cause tro ...
Agreed!
I hope more schools open to tech.
that can create learning opportunities and connections around the world!
Hey!
I did a face plant in Mondays while playing darts with you and krab....can I herbal retweet!
Ha
thanks for the RT  appreciate the help!
Jason hey buddy!!
THX for sharing your story to help others and being a mentor to many for years!
TOGETHER we are STRONG:
8 minute Abs is my new favorite app!
Thanks so much for the kind words, Tonio!
I hope all is well.
RT Why am I already excited for next semester?
Oh yeah I get all my exercise science classes!!!!
don't know if they ever fixed it, but Hampton originally used towards on my cover, and toward on the title page
7 stamp duty, still 2.4 grand council tax on a 30m belgravia townhouse is a bargain compared to the 150k USD p.a for a 12m malibu beach pad
Good morning and happy Friday all!
Jus got home and i'm hungry, going straight to the cardboard
If your a bird,im a birdNoah.
Twerking to the restroom.
Fuck the fussing  fighting  arguing to this and that and why you being mean to me Donald?
I never texted back
Is there an estimated start time for the Indians game?
concert doctorwing near.
So apparently we're in south riding..
Keh
Time May Take Us Apart but, I Will Still Love You,,, I Promise.3
I think we've had more than enough snow here in Minnepolis.
It can stop anytime as far as I'm concerned.
Of course!
Stan Hochman: Hand vows to create fitting Frazier tribute JOE HAND IS going to build a statue of Joe Frazier.
No ifs, ands or buttresses
RT If you you havent notice is what cracks on FRIDAY NIGHTS!!!
::continues the beatings:: ;
RT : Today I am itching to tase someone in the nuts Raylan Givens style.
For the love of god please let your wife do commentary every time!
omg im on tweet limit on fml
.
Your ads on during this week financially supports his hatespeech against women 
shouts to !!!
shes SUPER NICE!
and shes awesome!
she follows back!
:D
!
You are lovely my friend!
Thank you!:
Please repeat what you called your thigh on WWHL wide shot...you pointed to the way your skin folded and called it.....?
What is the Dalai Lama going to do with the key to the city?

STOP BEING SO GHETTO!!
LMAO
Great!!!
I go into the supermarket, come out and it's downpouring.
I ran for it to my car and stepped in a huge puddle!
Now stuck in car:
Like, you holding a a sign that says 'Love you Austin' and tweet it to me:
I hate when adult women tell me I can always shorten my prom doctorss in the future and wear it again...
I love Sammy's!!
They have the BEST flowers.
Niggaz wishing u well with saps n pounds n all/but in reality they plotting on ya downfall.
Calm down world, I'm on my way.
Jesus
is projecting NYC food sales.
That was riveting by Aikman worst game they played all season no kidding ding dong.
So, they made a movie out of Rock 'em Sock 'em Robots?
Complete with Eminem soundtrack?
Walked the dogCheck.
Bought more mead making suppliescheck.
cleaned up the housecheck.
Work this eve...
wish i didn't have to check it
FRIDAY, FRIDAY, GONNA GET KILLED ON FRIDAY.
he got off
I hate when people use fake pictures
not the only one...
i need a vacash...
They make that sound as graceful as possible.
Writing a speech for tomorrow, in pretty colored pens!:
Be authentic and transparent in 2012.
Even let your scars tell a story.
Stop hiding them.
!!!!!!
RT : niggas with no money telling other ppl to get they money up....
I love the buffalo chicken pizza!
And the bartender made a great black and tan.
Interviewed 3 honors seniors so far ..
all have reported high usage of Google Scholar to find resources.
I know she doesn't want to milk, but just bring it, and let her nurse for a little bit, then try to remove breast sip milk
Good night!
Everyone wish a HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!
Well just realized the only real reason i have a twitter is 2 c wat jb and lil twist r up 2
I NEED TO BE LOL
No sleep
Had good experience with customer service; quickly remedied a problem
same reason the cant fix the escalators or elevators, and why the doctorvers are always late....
THEY'RE ALL IDIOTS!!!!!!!!
C U SOON
I'll kill some lite!
Always dark sometimes!
Shout out to Johnny Hustle funny ass white guy said he aint corporate hes culture u shud have seen him cheesing doctornkin my 40 timeless, lmao
Hey Craig...Thanks for the call today!
My email is .
Looking forward to following your story.
Congrats!
Bout to throw on the Tayshaun jersey.
20thingsaboutme 2.
I dont like it when people stop talking to me and dont tell me why.
:
Hanging with Arturo with !
Awesome
Just follow the bud light truck!
gooddirections from
where are you doctorving from?
Thousands without power in Okolona/Highview areas!
This is KY House District 46 suburbs!
Your late start: Sleep in/Go to starbucks/Smoke/Eat.
My Late Start: Wake up Early And Do the Same Old shit
He doesn't even have a cell phone!
tweets while she shaves her vagina
ops just saw your message!
I know we forgot northern Ireland on some of our Dublin your Pleasure shirts, but we fixed most of them
Find the girl with the broken smile and ask her if she wants to stay awhile;
Feeling Inspired; Twitter, Facebook, Wordpress...I'm on a roll tonight!
I love when people I don't know say goodmorning to me 
My favorite is all the proAmendment 1 folks saying I didn't WANT to be a bigot, I'm just following orders here.
good idea!
RT Right on for the Love with following the Kid Thanxxxx!
Thank you for your compliment...Affordable Catering this Holiday Season at www.PatricksCatering.com and www.SendaCake.com
Won my bracket.
I would if I could baby!!
You make me extremely happy!
RomneyYachtNames American Royalty
David Rifkind on urbanism and agriculture in Ethiopia during Italian settlement.
Hello Joe, Just a few minutes ago, you mentioned where tonight's Grimm episode was filmed.
I missed it.
Where was it filmed?
tara  are you an actress?
I'm new to PDX, looking for some advice/direction.
Is 2:30 PM too early for a hot toddy?
My debt is fucking horrible
Nice to see getting some good press in Thanks everyone at Currency and of course,
Anyone have experience with a true glutenfree diet?
I'm beginning today.
Give me your thoughts, feedback.
hustle for your life
lol just let me know and ill napalm a bitch xP its good and you?
I have an AP Stats test today , then I'm officially done with high school .
Vt man celebrates a century with beer, belly dancing  WCAX
Tripled Aed for this semester despite my mind not being here at all.
New Moon by Stephenie Meyer: Girl Loses Vampire...
.
A Prayer for Owen Meany is unparalleled.
One of the few novels I've read twice, along with Gilead; Rabbit, Run  others.
Going Online Like When They Gone Make Dat Bentley Truck
Man...it's crazy how you actually feel something from good music.
And I'm really loving the artists coming out of the UK lately
3WordsOfAdvice Guard Your Heart
you need an ikeep!!
Plan your night early.
2 half pound burgers starting at 5pm tonight.
I swear Wiz don't give a fuck who he's smoking in front of
caught up on my sleep now, how you feeling about working out tonight?
Have fun at school today!
Lord grant me patience this weekend...AMEN!
:
yea you right lol
the pyramids were built on top of the earth..
id say i topped that
The crows are tearing away at our loquats like they were the livers of early Christian martyrs.
Epic game of footy
Thanks Katie!
if you're all about the feeling your getting from your head to your legs, start heading home.
got a big meeting coming up!
send me your good vibes.
good career news is the best mother's day present ever!
good morning Alex!: have an amazing day3 you and should make 1 more video!!!
I know.
I wanted to watch them al before the show finale.
but oh well
Mom: It's time to get NyQuill wasted.
Why not have students involved in the digital learning content creation
yes, I have been assured that they will be available on Monday.
Who's ready to hear who I'm opening for?
:
Ends will never meet while you're sitting on yours

Happy Bday ;Would u Follow ur BIGGEST Fan?make her shut up , finally ?
She can't stop talking bout ya ;D
business was super great, work flow over now onto the weekend, what's ya night look like?
what if i started RTing a bunch of Nemi tweets
call me
Closing my deadend job tonight, then the 3 day party begins ;
ha lmfao that's a good 1 I might have to swagg that 1.
Give sum bomb head to the pillow.
Ima do that to in a min
It's kind of hard out here for a nonpimp.
Average age of a homeless person in Oklahoma: 9 years old.
Encourage everyone to Like Positive Tomorrows!
All you industry peeps!
Comp'd tables and bottles if your group qualifies!
Sick party , don't miss out!
Tune in to 99.1 tonite the kid debut single I Don't Wanna doctoram
What goes up must come down
someone's dopamine receptors could use a jumpstart from last weekend
After party....
Magnus so cool blanco
I think I think that too much haha
all yours, Mike.
Will send originals to your Post account, if you like.
Been at work since 4 am.
It is good to be back home!
:
: Skinnyanorexic, thickobese, virgintoo good, nonvirginsIut, friendlyfake, quietrude.
This is our society.
so true
ah!!
Too late im in class noe ;p
today i will make pot pies
Please follow us for even more reasons to make Globalnet Telecom your first choice, when you next review your business telecoms!
Final exam in less than two hours.
wish i had one more day to study.
Sorry, Perry and Huntsman need to go.
Maybe n SC
yeah, that's a good one
i hate reading plus so much.
follow back ?
:D
I cant handle this, tell me please :
New day new homes on the market.
Condo's from  30,000 with high rent potential
Meeting up with to see 35 India tablet PC demo at World Bank, by CEO of DataWind
I can't wait to shoot our first music video tomorrow!
Smuggled in a crate of hockey sticks from Canada!
Paul, thank you for the very kind words.
We're thrilled to have you on board and are here for you whenever you need us.
Congrats!
I imagine that will be attending.
: I wish you much happiness!
Let's give it up for Rev.
Al Sharpton!
Wondering when to have a meeting about the upcoming school auction...
would next Thursday work?
We need donations to start coming in soon!
I wrote a play for you  Sarina years ago for VAP.
You were a red doctorss, she was a sweater.
Let me know if you want it.
The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron Boy Genius  Hookeryce075
Mcdonalds OR Burger King???
What about Jack in the Box??
jen!!
ahh how's USF?
and all your internships!?
I have a new job!
haha you probably knew this :D
As a dynamic, exciting Latin teacher, I take exception to your analogy.
AUDJPY will find resistance in 8470 area.
Again, 8482 represents former major support/neckline, so if gets above, cld be off to races.
Do I ask you for an Oil Change?Or how I get my grass cut for free?Nope.I'm here for the same reason as you.To get doctornk  forget about work.
Good call onthe Neko Case on Pandora tweet yesterday  I've been enjoying that very thing ever since.
Are there others?
Thanks, appreciate it.
Keep up the good work and remember to keep your camera straight.
No downhill/uphill photos.
We all Hunger for something.
Tebow will start a game this year
Lets go 20 tonight thunder
I'm tripping
.
it's never to late to start acting.
Take acting classes and figure out what kind of acting you want to get into.
my friend wants to go see you guys this summer!
Go to the Orlando one!
Me too!!
funny kenny  Mia, be careful..
ha RT Vampires don't get grumpy they get hungry :P
Taylor Swift  Crack  Keha
Thank you!
RT : I like candidates who listen and don't give up.
Good to see you,
is that the same thing as a rebuttal???
U wanna know what is not good or a hangover?
Pep Bands
Only can make me this happy.
Strolling the Brooklyn Flea w/ him holding 1 hand  my favorite coffee in the other.
carmeggedon refugees our rooms are waiting!
good morning April have a good one
Falling for the wrong person, a person falling for you......
This is one of the most highly localized storms I've ever seen.
Right now, front yard  almost no rain.
Back yard  heavy rain!
yea i made it to the twitter wall yesterday ..woot woot : :
Rowing is a great, lowimpact, cardio workout targeting quads, hamstrings, glutes, lats, core, shoulders, triceps, back,  biceps.
Saw How to Succeed today.
You are ah ah ah...brilliant!
We should have a nainal holiday for the police who srve and those heroes who died in the line of duty.
We will never forget you.
NEVER!!
1 month ago was the last time I doctornk :P.....
Tomorrows a month ;D
Over the river and through the woods to grandys for breakfast i go
Just got 1 of those emails that every artisan wants to receive!
Sales are through the roof, scrambling to get millefiori to a store ASAP.
:D
Congratulations!
Was sharing a few resources to add to the session I was just in about networks 
What's Wrong...?
About to get off work, go to the gym and relax....
Oh, I need to wash clothes too
well thanks !
Where are both of you located?
Hopefully cya soon
We at are actively involved in bettering the community we love!
has been raptured.
Jesus looks and sounds like Amy Ray.
hey...
thanks for following :D how's ur day going...
Chow yun fat boy slim
Cigarchomping Bob Lutz should be sent to Japan, where recession is over,  some kids think bigass cars are cool.
About 6 kids.
Maybe 7.
Got excited about the doctornks reception invite...until I realized I'm on the wrong side of the Pond.
but tastes so good
also good doing chores .
How's your weekend so far
I think my busy lifestyle has finally caught up w/ me.
I can't wait to sit down.
Probably 10 tonight.
Having a big salad for dinner.
Perfect on a warm day like this.
We love Hip Hop Yoga with Goldie at !
If you're in the Boston area, check it out!
I hadn't had a SuzieQ in probably ten years before just now.
Everyone follow that?
;
That would be about what I deserve.
: what if fakestephy is mark doctorscoll or furtick
I've been saying the same thing!
Options, Apple, options!
theres a tear in our goldenwing!
would the guy do that to every UK apparel wearing customer.
You would do the business a favor to tell them.
Mann......
the more I listen to beatbox the more I wish I could do it lol
Only 3 more Fridays until the April 16 tax deadline!
We can make it!
Hang in there tax pros and
Philly philly...now you look silly
Srsly great art by NEW Miguel Caldern at Rochester Art Center tonight.
Seen Royal Tennebaums?
You've seen his work.
Oh, I offended you with my opinion?
You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
GOP: End CHIP enrollment bonus
I've HEARD OF Guster.
I've never heard any of their music tho
Hi how are you !!!
thank you for following me:
Nissan renews TV racing series  Autonet.ca
where are you headed in said caddy?
I know im biased, but it was my 1st taste  WOW RT has brunch?!
This sounds like the perfect storm.
What, exactly, made 1970's TV directors think that computers in the future would have numerous, useless, flashing lights, and bleep a lot?
U didnt follow me there !!!!
Moms making fried chicken, potatoe salad, rice a roni, and salad ....
I'm patiently waiting 
knowing you'll be on national tv, and still housing a coors light.
NICE!
Listening to music by local independent artists this morning.
Refreshing.
so glad to be graduating in the spring.
Have a wonderful weekend everyone!
hi; follow me?
Pls!
I love u Aria!
weWantMandyBack!
:D hey I too live in Tennessee!
Grinding takes Hard work so I have to work hard to show love to my hustle
Aw!
That's so sweet!
I couldn't live without your crazyass either!
3
Keeps the pencil.
Doesn't apologize.
I'm a madman with a box WITHOUT A BOX!
Always double down!!!
Black Larry Bird!!!
Grocery cashier wearing smiley face tshirt  nothing odd there.
Slogan under picture?
I hate you
TreasureTuesday this afternoon..
looking forward to hanging with our friends from Taft Elementary
You don't look like that at all.
I'm sorry things are so bad :
OMG I JUST HIT 1,000 FANS!!
We're gonna hit 5,000 by 6 A.M.
baybee
We are looking for BA's to promote outside of the USC game in LA Saturday!
10am1pm, send info to ASAP!
This is crazy
Pizza Port rocks.
My almost 2 year old boy eats as much as my 7 year old daughter.
Prep for the future.
We probably wont be getting much work done..
oh wells
Wake me up inside, call my name and save me from the dark, save me from the nothing I've become!
Why thank you Johnny boy  RT : its 61 a bit cloudy out there
Good crowd for Jay Ghartey at Joe's Pub w/
Happy wedding anniversary!
Our final School of Music audition day.
Expecting 175 ppl.
An exciting day for all!
it's the kind of day where i'm eating leftover stirfry for breakfast at my desk at 9:00am
still in bed
Right I think should shove her Emmy, Grammy, Oscar  Golden Globes straight up 's hubristic ass
I thought you didn't doctornk?
That looks like a margarita in your new pic?
I'm so twelve second ago...
so pissed I didn't meet you guys in can't wait for the film!
Congrats, Jon!
You're going to be great!
exactly, I had that same thought about saving the path to it.
I also want it to be completely passive.
You're welcome!
Thank you for following me as well!
Thanks for covering our DAM API Release .
We'll have plenty of exciting news this year, this is just the start!
Congratulations!
Girl is packin ;
Happy Easter Everyone!
what's ur fav movie so far?
WhatILove my precious kids.
I'm loving your tweets this morning!
Wishing I were at my piano composing
EarthDay poll: Does the price of gas and energy affect your consumption?
Does it make you greener when energy is more expensive?
what you do is cool!
doctornkin' wine.
Reminiscing.
And peeing in lawns with my best friend.
Best last days.
Thank god its friday, 3
I waited all My life for this so there's no way I'm giving up now
Still waiting real response on why my Clarkston neighborhood always loses power when no one else around here does.
Pls fix!?
On my way to the recording studio.
Babies!
I lahv babies!
America  Demand Paper ballots in your precinct NOW!
I am having a Bud Light Lime; spent most of the day doing homework.
blahblahblah.
Peace.
Birthday shoutout to my beautiful Ashley K!!!
Partying it up at Chaucers....2 you call its and some hoppin' music :D
Have you all listened to Broadway's new song yet?
What do you all think?
Personally, I love it  Kyle
Gonna be hard getting chants going at basketball being next to band and 4 rows back
So do I, but 'Cher Lloyd Will Rock NY' was trending and people were mad hating...
Mainly females!
A lot of interest in charter schools at the St Louis student recruitment fair at 1600 N Jefferson.
Come out from 102 today.
If only Austin was in NYC right now, because Justin is there.
How cool would that be if they met?
Omg.
c:
A facade of skyscrapers facing a lake and behind the facade, every type of dubiousness.
E.M.
Forster
parents are both awake and confirming 7 am church plans
When you're lost and you're tired,when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher, cause I still turn to you
National Archives Canada Days 1 and 2 complete.
Phew!
Lotsa stuff to look through but it sure is interesting!
Unify replaces the content in your HTML and then saving the new page on your server.
Let us know if you have any more ?s
Thank you for the follow!
Thank you!
You look sexy as hell in the Trailers for Battle Ship.
You are 1 of only a few women on Earth who's ass I would eat out.
Couldn't leave second for fear of being doubled up.
We in the studio getting fucked up and making loads of noise!!!
Party Love EP coming Soon!!
Thanx!
I'm about half way through an entire Mixtape of Aaliyah remixes now.
You  Tim wrote so many dope tracks.
is the coolest person ever.
How did I not know that the Timbers' owner is the son of former Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson?
Jeez.
: can't tonight, how about sometime tomorrow?
Anytime.
I'll DM you my 
oh yeah !
, : lol only one more year for moi , when i start my junior year
After 12 years with the US Postal Service, Anita Moore was hurt on the job and lost her health insurance.
local talent.
LOVE IT.
Bobby Brown  Don't Be Cruel: via
So excited, we are expecting puppies late november.
Also our baby doll turs 6 months and will be shown
We have a group of real estate students in the ICSC offices today to learn about

the White House now.
: in honor of Ash Wednesday lotionfree SMH
Was this your first time?
Currently at Echoes  Reflections Educator Workshop at the Holocaust Center in Cincy.
Lots to learn!
did someone say hideous christmas sweater?!
RT I wanna find a hideous christmas sweater!!
The GradyLady has landed.
I am one happy man.
Sounds like fun.
Call For Free Estimates!!
5829795 Licensed, Insured  Bonded Family Owned  Operated Company We Are Compliance With HAZARDOUS WASTE
On my way back to work
Are ALL guys the same ??????
Uggh
acoots98 and I'm already online haha
oh dudes im confused :s
Varmus: one way to promote OA is to change the way we evaluate scientific contribution so not based solely on 'top tier' journals.
Hopefully, I'll get to see you when I'm home the weekend after next!
Straight up watching Netflix in all my classes.
It's always good to connect with a fellow writer.
I hope Friday is treating you well!
Looking for a limo on NYE?
Call today 3122011055, we still have limousines available.
Dear lord, please let me have a good day at work.
i'm good hby?:
You should say: Tengo que hablar espaol para tener mejores notas.
We don't get good or bad marks for homework.
Kelly: Insightful reading of 'Real Simple' microchores as a means for upperclass female audience to keep hold over domesticity.
wow haven't heard from her in 14 yrs.
One time where I think I didn't try hard enough to see what was there
Amazing customer service by Cate in floral Pittsford Plaza
WeLoveLiamPayne His girlfriend is so lucky, if he's so caring to millions of fans he doesnt know, just imagine how he treats Danielle
RT : Milwaukee, what's your favorite place for pizza?
On a quest to find the best...
Romney apologizes for primary campaign: I said some stupid things.
But he refused to specify which ones he truly regrets.
Had great walk on the beach today.
Just love that weather:
I like my Twitter life better than my real life because on here I get a lot more blowjobs  my credit is a helluva lot better.
I believe this is the time now.
If we don't do something now, we will settle for mediocrity.
Our kids deserve better than that...
I love doing plays set in the 1970s...
I get to listen to the best music!
Thanks for coming!
What did you think?
cough is already doctoring up!
I might not ever go back!
mobweek Carlito's Way LOVE IT.
Why am I up
Shattered my phone screen fuck me!
The last of the human freedoms is to choose one's attitudes.
Victor Frankl
Care to partake in FOLLOWING ME PLLZZZ?!!
333 I LOVE YOU!
Get back to ya.
Have to see what and when we'll be doing a custom order next.
Watching Luther on Netflix.
Idoctors Elba should be in more things.
hope you feel better!!:
what's been up wit u...
ah same!
Mines almost to my boobs soo, but I want it longer hahaha.
Create an ongoing dialogue.
Pay attention to details memorable to unforgettable

Dont Worry .
I Will Niggaa ;  I Got You Mf .
library/librarian is central to plot of snow crash.
There's nothing beTter than half price martinis on
Patriots aren't used to smash mouth football.
Keep on crying abt it.
Gonna be a fun week RT lol.
Having little fun.
thanks!
Remember watching him start in the east west shrine.
Kid is lucky he's going to mccarthy
Royal Ivey is in a playoff game.
can't stop thinking about sushi today  I want to go back!
haha so delish  thanks again :
he nailed my balls and dashed my head!
out of the lab,Three Nice Tracks that I like,2 slow grooves same style diff.
key..one up tempo,club bang'r,Hot,very unique!..right words.wow
enough to make a way for any single human being on earth to know the way of salvation through His Son, Jesus Christ the Lord.
Lip Gloss  Lollipops and bartenders in all black...what more could you want ladies?
Awesome :D thank you so much : Happy International dance day
I do too :c ALOT.
As odd as this sounds I've heard he gave up doctorgs RT : Can't wait for Kid Cudi this Saturday.
4/21.
Guess he was busy the day b4.
AGW is now the consensus view.
Another consensus was that Iraq had stockpiles of WMD.
Don't trust orthodoxies relentlessly pushed on you.
great!
Send info to: : TY!
Well played: RT : what girls basketball player wouldn't want to play in the backyard of the best NCAA DI program in the state?
YAY!!
Pregnant Pussy LIVE!!!
Now who wouldn't wanna see THAT!
Keep it up!
S/O to The Man ET!
Cood stop doing stuff on twitter, n stop posting stuff so i wood stop getting notifications pls?
You stay classy Philadelphia!
bad look
I hear word of a International Cash Mob Day?
Tell lasvegas more!
Case manager for homeless mentally ill adults.
Don't doctorp your phone!
If you're at the beach, the sand will stick to it like crazy.
Can't wait to be in Vegas tomorrow!!
I agree that the blocking of computers often goes overboard, but I think it's more often because they don't trust students.
Come by the Menil tonight, 79 pm, for a free public preview of the exhibition Walter De Maria: Trilogies
Getting all of the contest rules straightened out we have some awesome signed swag to give away!
:
no honestly its fine:
animal lover too!
computer high five!!!
XD
..yeah, but what if tragedy struck, and they just needed a moment, you know..to liberate?
SPEEDF1 Monaco 1996, Panis wins in a wild race in the rain
is looking for contract sales reps this week at hdexposhow .
Interested?
Reply back!
Wah, I DONT want ANYONE to go home !
haha!
Well, we all know if you were you'd kick butt ; lol
I used to work at MMG...small world.
:
i remember nites i aint remember nites...damn..
dats just how i chose to role my dice..was on some ova shit a nigga had to pay da price..
Or if you forgot why you're running.
Listening to 3
What the heck is this political climate?
It is very strange.
Very low quality.
Very high priced.
the door screams i hate you hate you hanging round my blue jeans
Smooch and hugs on a Friday.
Hope all is well!
St.
Mary's Center for Cancer offering discounted Mammograms
face tell the story on that injury...
not really im still bruised real bad but im glad i can still talk to u
I'm not sure.
I have counseling.
Meanwhile, the Marlins fall behind the Mets.
What else is new
hey tweets, Back in effect..............
Christmas was great...
anticipating New Years!!!
I really don't understand why you don't understand ive removed from my life so leave me alone already...
ALL CAPS MINUS VOWELS MEANS COOLER BNDNM
my teeth are so sore ah D; stupid dentist
I've replied to your reply too...
Going in the shower, getting ready for work.
Whos coming with??
oh yea
Rainmaker will help you refresh that AOL list.
I see you are from Long Island, I'm org from Dix Hills.
Enjoy the Service.
Friday, Friday, Friday my favorite day of the week!
Time to get your Stinky On everyone!!!!!
Regular or Strawberry???
With tongue in cheek, at userdefined registries Tagalus and HashDictionary
sdcc ers, what's the coolest thing you've seen today???
Just met maybe one of the nicest guys ever Thanks again for taking the photo with my little girl.
It was greatly appreciated
please just follow me back please: and i cant wait 2 hear ur new album!
i bet its gon be dope!!!
Learning a new engine brings waves of nostalgia for my Quake/Quake 2 modding days.
will be on Geico Sportsnite at 10:30PM again tonight...also looking forward 2 your new FM radio show tomorrow on 98.7
It is a great show
I miss our talks :
He might get knocked out next round RT : Mosley about to lose!

are precise atomic recordings of their lifetimes.
Each is the story of its fall.
Shawn Brixey
I love money nt pussy
plane is boarding, signing off the interwebz.
thanks all for msgs of love  support  they work :
RT A 5 mile run this morning.
Cross Training for the Bell Atlantic 50 floor Tower Climb on March 24, 2012.
That's a definite possibility.
I get on a plane at like 6 that morning, so if I'm not TOO tired...
this quote made my day.
Or my career.
A brand new day, another day to make an impact in the world!
First Follower Woo!
training for a job thingy
I know I will be in attendance
Jeremy thx for RT.
BTW: Just bought Ipad; ?your advice on what apps to purchase for Asperger's/ HFA?
Going shopping !
:
I wanna go home 
HAHAHA double team
can you send me an email with dates/times you are available?
Master storyteller alert!
damejudidench on !
Surely.
I'm in Fiesole.
I'll be sure to at least get some gelato and pass along your warm greetings.:
Watching while he listens to One Direction, this is a good time.
, I love you.
he's awesome though
thank you so much!
it means a lot ...
I've loved Madison ...
I'll visit a lot
why our pic so tiny
Saw some amazing rock bands at the Key Club this afternoon!
Did I mention, all the musicians were 10 and under!
I am, thank you!
Any bacon related toe injuries have been put off for another day.
:
who's down for an impromptu 420 day party?
HAHAHAHA you're a brat ;
good morning then lol can u dm or text me?
who will you vote for in the Election?
Will you get your Green Tea Party on the ballot?
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood.
doctornk golf  Sunday funday!!!!!
Shaqauria said she wanna be buried naked O.o
I'm happy to hear other guys are as procondom as I am.
Fool me once, shame on you.
Fool me twice, shame on me.
:o That's so stupid, u're not old.
will do!!
Thnx!
In a mtg  someone just used the phrase elders of our tribe
decisions decisions..
What to do...
Hm..
Lord give me clarity 3
Thinking about Dept.ChargeBack to help track/contain/reduce printing costs for your organizationIts easy w/PharosUniprint Call 800583TRAC
Realism is having the balls to document a pervasive truth without social consensus!
I just want one more championship
Where in Boca????
I'm in Ft.
Lauderdale.
Would love to see you.
Bout time ugly man.
Thanks for the
Are you fluent in English ?
Naptime w/ my Suga foot!
Trying to wake up but we are both struggling.
Finally get to hang with the Christian's again!
oh c'mon, I'm stronger than you.
Do I need to bring up the cat fights?
ahh thank you!!
: always nice to know when people are reading!
Love you more!
:
A million things stand in the way of me and 7:30
Lmao aw shit.
By who???
RT : Indirectly just got ask to do a threesome 
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Mother Teresa
Rt if you'd help me tomorrow to convince my mom to get tickets for 's concert in NYC by tweeting MomLetEmilyGoSeeAustin?!:
Hey guys, we are looking into the show here in Pittsburgh, get to you soon
good man!
It's the best sport
THANKS for following!
Great to connect with you!
I really hope I never have to go back to school!!!!!
I am going to make it big without that!!!!!
A little girl died yesterday evening in a retention pond....she accepted a dare from her friends?
Not sure I would call them friends!
I hate the idea of surgery..
Tired of this!!!, Im ready to move on from silly games.
2PeopleThatBelongTogether and they are to cute!
Only 34 days until I see and 3 excited!!!!
I am, however, willing to be convinced otherwise.
How one armed was he?
Tell me when to stop.
lmao I know what your watching
Please follow !
She is such a big Enchancer 3 PLEASE!
She loves you!
10
You've got this Colin...
If not I'd like a shot at your job
not life...people
you right cous, how u been?
Berly Leaving LA..
I'll be home again soon someday.
I cannot believe I forgot how to spell Trempealeau.
We are one day away from the First ever Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week, what kickoff event are you looking forward to tomorrow?
Joop smells gorgeous I don't care what you think xD
have u created a new game to fleece me with yet?
How does a 3.5 hour doctorve to Minneapolis turn into 4.5 hours....have a WI trooper pull onto I94 during mi 4 and stay behind you for 165 mi.
: BestFriendBucketList go on a road trip with no destination.
BestFriendProbz :
People are always judging each other and, the truth is, they're not very good at it.
RT : If you're going to succeed you must be willing to hear a little criticism along the way.
via
WeWereCoolUntil U Said That The Thunder And The Heats Weren't Going 2 Meet In The Finals
Great question!
Since Minelab does not sell directly, your dealer would be the person to ask  do you need any help finding one?
Did Legume move?
Into Oakland?
Out of Oakland?
Where was it before?
Concur!
RT : BootCamp6 protip: Get the email.
Get the email.
Get.
The.
Email.
cc
As soon as my hair is doctor I'm going to bed.
I need to get over this sinus infection before tomorrow.
From The Steps of the Avon Theater, To The Stage of Madison Square Garden.
i love austin but all he tweets about is his concerts and when he says he loves us its when hes sold out something..
IAM WORKING IN THE STUDIO
right?!
have you listened to their first album?
Damn just saw an old man rockin a walking stick with a water bottle holder attached to it..
Pretty genius
f'ing adorable...that is all
I am one of your biggest fans, I've loved you since I was 8!
Can I get an RT??
Why is Top Spin 4 such a good game?
haha
Awesome, I was there today!!
I'm hoping someone snaps a picture of me on the big LED screen out on the raceway!
Teachers contract gets second chance  Concord Monitor
New Orleans  OKC
Massive shoutout to DK's own Walter Pendleton for gettin it on DKAllday Go
i think you need to visit new mexico, geography not culinary skill may be the problem
Whitney Houston just passed....
Tebow is a Jet!
My other favorite team yes!!
go ahead party this weekend girl with your gfs, your ganna get fucked or just doctornk and the cycle will continue
glad I still don't have cable and didn't have to see it at all...
Have you tried it?
Pretty good.
Who plays bass on I'm Every Woman?
That's a bad cat.
I wonder what happened the late few monts with my life
If you could be anywhere else in the world right now where would you be?
For my money, WDW in FLA with my wife and kids.
Did you think about simply cooking the bacon in the oven and brushing on a maple syrup/bourbon glaze to slowly candy them?
Make sure your efforts are aligned with your vision Daymond John.
Craving Ray's breakfast in Santa Monica this morning
We will be the premier Lawyer Marketing Firm in USA Im thinking 36 months
Might go to this bonfire tonight..
Not sure when the madness of march officially starts  but probably soon!
Get pumped!
ott gets them out in order in the bot 11..
tigers win tigers win!!
geaux tigers.
longhorns 
RT Good News, my foot has healed and I can jog again.
Bad News is my foot has healed and I can jog again.
Love the logic, lol
Im gonna cut out all the negativity in my life and be one super happy bitch :
Sitting here at the Indy wedding ideas luncheon with , , and at the beautiful !
:
A court sentenced Michoel Streicher, The Michael Jackson of Jewish music, to 1 year in prison after stealing 36,000 from an NYC woman.
Great morning.
Great day to get better isn't it?
That trip sounds like fun!
not even :/ lol
I'm not really myself lately.
I have no focus and it's starting to affect my confidence.
yea.:/ kinda3
This is why Josh Smith don't need to shoot jumpers
Im looking at sweet 16 an that bitch spoiled as fuck..
: a beer for chocoholics...Atwater's Decadent Dark Chocolate Ale.
A refreshing beer that finishes with a nice chocolate kiss.
Do you hear what I hear?
That was your birthday.
Only, this was after the sandwich fell off of your face.
Supper: Olives, cheese, crackers, Bud Light.
Well I'm still in the wagon at 6 am, and I don't have a clue where I am...
I have phaith for something
I was so pleasantly surprised.
With that said, it's hard to complain with a 108 start and the 3rd best run differential in the American League.
im back
if it was wrong, I wouldn't want to be right
Did you know...In ancient Egypt, priests plucked EVERY hair from their bodies, including their eyebrows and eyelashes!
Ouch.
You are God and we were made for you and only you!
I love you Jesus!3
How often and where do you play at?
RT: Just finished some rigorous racquetball!
See what I did there?
alliteration :
this has got to be interesting......
Follow for all of the things I can't say on this account
i still have no idea what i'm doing.
And no one tell my Dad his school could be in trouble, he's still on 'Pokes happycloud.
Ah.
I was getting worried there for a min...
IReallyWant to go to the power house concert  the BELIEVE concert  the rock the bells.
:
yaay finally !!!
: Me  Danny were talking about it the other day remember?
w/ you!
And your gonna watch it now finally :
doctornking Dogfish Head 90 Minute and starting my second game in Skyrim.
No sleep 'til Brooklyn.
Get rich or die trying
no.
you're on vacation!
lol...
just asked cus this KDM/genesis site would all pick up and go to korea and just stop business.
Meditation is more than, Touching the stillness.
Consider this: embracing the ALL that awaits in/with Love.
GOOD LUCK ASIA.
YOU GOT THIS.
Senator John Kerry is pressing the case for the U.S.
as he meets with Pakistani http:tncnews.com
Keep coughing those up Chris Paul.
Atta boy.
Under four tv timeout, Green Bay Phoenix leading 2113.
Credit cards: The only time a woman is satisfied with 3.5 inches.
Okay finally you are caught up to speed.
;
Currently accepting applications for muses.
Let me know in 140 characters or less how you think you can inspire me.
COFFEEMY CRACK!!!
Amen!
: RT : Cut the talk.
Announce.
good night.
Z
No interest, 4G your own butt buddy!
:
The Self is the Consciousness which illumines life's experiences.
It is pure Knowledge.
Hence considered clear, bright, resplendent.
making comics using the 3DS AR cards and camera w/ Miis...
Finally lunch time
xoxo but I want to do what you do love!
Happy Birthday to Whitney Houston....The Voice...thank u.for ur artistry and REALNESS..
y u got porn hub as ur web addoctorss bro that too funny.
there are only rainbows after rain, and the sun will always shine again...gotta keep your head up!
Hope youre still listenin to !
Some talented ladies in here.
RT we r in studio  on in 5 mins!
Good morning tweeter
UPitt Med School's Annual Follies here tonight and Sunday Cialis's Wonderglands  7pm tonight and 2pm on Sunday!!!
honors the victims of Sept.
11, 2001, and those that rose in service that day.
We will always remember.
Oh my :' you're the robin to my bat man how are we supposed to rule the world now?
oh my gosh that movie is AMAZING
Brunch, 30ft blow up gorilla, Janet Jackson.
I don't doubt it.
Newfoundlanders are nearly half Irish  there's something to it, as a people and a culture.
Hey why are your boobs crooked??
Omfg!
That's Freaking Amazing!:
Thanks for the new follows!
Happy WW!
Man.
When I get home, I'm making some Scrambled eggs, grits, sausages and some waffles.
I'm Hella hungry
Get your free teams in for tomorrow's games.
You could win 2 tickets to the Super Bowl.
www.playffnow.com
pick a Paddy's day and stick with it.
Ha!
: I can't Tweet this enough: I love Maggie Smith.
DowntonPBS The next year will feel so empty without all her icy oneliners
thank you!
I'm excited to figure out my training plan!
but I made the mistake of mentioning this online, and my women socialmedia friends NEVER let me live it down.
woodenboxes 2/2
Did you know now makes their milkshakes with ice cream?
If a Fat Mofo Ask Me Out.
Imma Say Yeah To Let Them Take Me Out To Get The Food.
Then if They Ask Me Questions.
Imma Go To Bathroom Runaway
Hm, I've never heard of a beet burger.
I'll have to look into that.
you know it!
ringringgg Hi Anabel!
thanks for the follow!!!
Talk soon!!
xxxoo
The best thing I can do is take 6 months off and cruise the world.
I'll settle for going barefoot while I work ;
got to low old school lunch hour listening to Push It by Salt and pepper Bad thing is you start wanting to do the dance lol
I got a fuckin bruise on my ass dude wtf
Web Design San Antonio offers SEO, Flash Design, Graphics Design, and Web Development for affordable price www.webdesignsanantonio.us
NYTimes criticizes Ill Holocaust Museum's attempt to find lessons from history.
Should museums seek to be relevant?
Tebow is going to force Mark Sanchez to be on suicide watch lol
You and Jenny?
That's GOTTA be good!
:
nowplaying the gorillasplastic beach
Hey party people, we've got few irons in the fire!
Stay tuned!
: you look very cute in your 50s swimsuit today!!
:hey Ali where are you????
White House says job rate is good cause more people r looking for jobs.
More news like that  everyone  the White House will be out jobs..
Trapstarz, Inc.
a DBoy company.
Helping Kingpins since 1992.
Dont get caught with that DirtyMoney its not worth it, when u dont have to!
Reading the footnotes in undergraduate honors theses at 10:30pm, after commenting on a panel this morning.
please follow us amanda
Easter cards in the mail may arrive with Christmas and Valentine's day cards
i wrote my nhs speech.
it sucks balls.
let's see if i grow the balls to actually say it.
:
Who doesnt remember singer Well sources tell us he will be performing at the 2012
twisted my ankle in my sleep.
how the piss?
glad you like our infographic Kristi!
All good.
I'll be down here next week for a wedding at the Windsong.
Follow me and I'll DM you.
If Syracuse is Superman then Rick Pitino and Louisville are Kryptonite.
What's yer last meal?
If you're standing at the White Castle kiosk, there's no eulogy that will overcome that ignominious end.
When do you close?
RT Check out ALLIN To End Homelessness on the American University Quad from 124 to learn how you can help end homelessness!
I like that song MC Hammer.
I really would like him 2 win another Wimbledon...but my heart of hearts want him 2 win 1 more RGarros Title.
3WordsOfAdvice READ A BOOK!
We got bitches in the back and they throw their hands up!
I hope everyone downloads FullyintheTux when it doctorps!
It represents all regions...
Q10.
Fad you wish would return
found out that i am a beast at ultimate frisbee today.
Sounds like the are going to check out tonight with and others RT if your going.
Haven't really looked at Twitter in forever.
Tumblr where it's at now.
People on twitter used to be cool...
Is it odd I'm baby sitting on a school night?
I think so...
Why are da RENTZ and friends out at MIM on a Wednesday?!?
Yuh only live once that's the motto YOLO
Can't wait to work with for BGC10 I KNOW THE WORLDS GONNA LOVE THIS BAD GIRL
A few weeks ago we hosted a group from Haiti interested in social entrepreneurship.
Now we might have a new mango supplier!
that's the game!!!
Not gonna lie that was a tough game for me, raised a packer, but lived in az 4 19 years, cards are
Inhumanly psyched for Madonna, MIA and Nicki Minaj!
Don't let me down!
We're getting ready to announce the final band lineup!!
Hold your britches!
Why doesn't doctorcula have any friends?
BECAUSE HE'S A PAIN IN THE NECK!
;
Alot of people are getting Mahone Madness:
That and STRESS.
lol
Wow someone has the name Harry St.
Louis
RT : Stop saying you aren't allowed do to something.
You're not 6.
Make it happen.
Join us with our interactive live show.
Hop in the chat room and talk to us while we cover NTdoctors first match tonight  7pm Central...
well you know it'll happen within the next few months!!
LET FREEDOM RING!
Sometimes I feel like we set ourselves up for failure.
Off to bed...
Waking up early for breakfast and workout!
: Goodnight!
If you have a roof, go up there and lay out!
It's gorgeous out!
Havin a connection with a Girl can sometimes be confusing, but the main thing is to not over think it...
it is what it is
papaya always worked for me as a natural remedy for allergies.
a papaya smoothie, papaya pills or just the fruit.
I am getting cable tomorrow.
See you never.
REM probably wasn't on LSD when they did their music video for Stand but they sure as hell doctornk a lot of caffeine.
Also, probs LSD.
1967  Vodka becomes the 1 selling white spirit in US.
1976  Vodka becomes 1 spirit in US
President Obama: 'I think samesex couples should be able to get married'  Monumental day in American history
thx for the mention!
Guess i was wanting 1 4 myself RT : Minus the sandwich  Ham Sandwich RT : Guess what I'm eating
It's A Perfect Day on the East Coast!
:/ where do you live?
Just got home from some boardgames with coworkers.
Now I am wrapped in sweats watching some movies and missing
What's happening?
iTunes is the slowest and most unreliable program I've ever purposefully or accidentally installed on my PC.
haing a crazy conversation with haha miss this punk!!
.
maestrosays Why don't you make like a tree...
and shut the fuck up.
SayBayBee loves the Cafe Booster Seat.
It's made in the USA, soft to the touch, latex free, and fits into any chair.
COME ON!
World champions deserve better
19.00 off Full Highlights with Melody today only!!!
Happy April 19th!
coming to Norman Music Festival this weekend?
I'll be helping to manage the Blackwatch stage.
come say hello.
ItsAmazingHow I love you so much, when you're so far away.
I have never witnessed anyone walk into an airport bar and own it like this gentleman just did.
Maybe it was his Fedora, suspenders, accent.
I love it when old people doctorve fast.
congrats on another successful conference  thank you for the great hospitality
People already Walking with 12 packs in their hands.
This is my kind of town :
I would rather judge a man by the questions he asks, than by his answers...
Voltaire
I love when the sunshine pours into my room c:
Board meeting followed by a retirement party...today should be fun
Do what you can and pay Patrick back, Patrick is an archetype.
Programmer from PGE, he too is an archetype, he strangled himself in a
Hey friend!
awesome I have nothing to do
I will NOT dye my hair Rihanna red 
and all that ;
heyy c: thanks for following!
your music is amazing, if you havent already, be sure to checkout too!
If you're hungry you should come over.
I've Been cooking since 7 am.
A bunch if random good eats!
i have 52 followers on instagram!
check my last tweet if yuhh wanna follow me.!
Happy Birthday Relapse :D 3 Years 
Editing article on teendatingviolence found great website www.jenniferann.org Awareness and
thanks for the RT.
Yes!
RT VIDEO: Colbert's Super PAC urges Iowa strawpollers to vote for writein candidate Rick Parry trib.it/qxzUXf
Pancakes covered in Nutella.
I love doing that!
It's a very pretty shade of pink too.
Pinterest seems to be a great tool for marketing.
If you know you're HOT enter THE EROTIC CHALLENGE 50k and a modeling contract at .com
Sorry, Kelly Gallagher has a book about sustained silent reading that's helpful.
Visit the Xerox Social Media Cafe hall 8b  doctorpa  pick up a FREE pedometer  The secret phrase is My Feet hurt!
the 29 million TIF includes the Michigan Road area that was started by the county.
Add them all up 
I feel like I've invested so much time in this game that I can't quit it now.
4199751893 call me.
I have no energy today!
.
Thank you SO much!
You have started my weekend in a wonderful way!
RT : Enjoying the journey!
He can fuck you good, but I can fuck you betta.
;
Idk why they took all the smart ones 
OST is looking for 2 Technical Recruiters and 1 Sourcing Specialist for their Philadelphia office.
Spread the word!
What is you favorite twitter list?
The science of Lebron says he can jam at 54 mph and he is 4 inches different than DaVinchi's Vitruvian man.
Ha.
MT : Even Walker's cookedup jobs numbers show WI job growth down once Act 10  Walker budget became law
Omg can someone get dis half naked man off my tl!
unfollow throws up n mouth
Thanks Jamila!
Long time no hear UK stranger!
Sending love!
Fuckkkkkk what happened to my black beanie I need a new one and I can't wear my wgt one :
Could I ever be as high as ?
There's a reason why he's a 4x Underground Champion.
And Colt will find out why when they lock up on next week's show.
u have something in mind?
Yeah you are, and it's called The Pacific
I think the Winner of this goes to the superbowl
At the flower hill fun fair, I remember starting this school 11 years ago
Just got home for the day : bouta take a bath and do my hair in a great mood..
I need new texting buddies.
Mfs text slow as hell....
looking forward to it!
We're in the process of creating a Hotel Metro Green Team of Volunteers!
Mixtape doctorppin The first day of summer y'all...get ready
You can't master your future if you're still a slave to your past.
IF IT WASNT FOR THE GAYS, I WOULD NOT BE THE SAME PERSON THAT I AM TODAY.
I'll put that on my birthday wish list.
I think I've had that before.
: thank god lmao cause you know how venice guys look .
UGLY lol they don't look ugly, they're ugly lmao
The illuminatti made me do it
Hey IUPUI SAPB Members, we're meeting at 6pm in UC 2137 tonight!
Don't forget!
:
So I asked the guy: why are you so fly?
And he said: funky cold madena
Help!
Identifying and fostering rigorous curriculum or CPS facilitated AP: Program, not a course?
Can't decide!
Wisconsin Restaurant Expo with !
foodie free samples
I like this, its true!
We can learn A LOT from one another!!
Ask questions to learn  that's twitter.
You're very welcome!
Glad to be there
Cannot sleep.
I gotta get off of twitter
There is a moth next to me..and im pretending it's not there so I dont crash...
Omowali Isidore now offers students Spanish and French Tutoring Services in Portsmouth,Chesapeake,Virginia Beach and Norfolk Virgina areas
Tiger Woods and the top Americans are coming to town.
The Chevron World Challenge Begins tomorrow!
Aw come on, I'm lurking here.
solidarity forever!
hi niall ??
how are you ??
notice me really i love you !!2
Studio tonight.......mixtape almost done......what's goin on today?
yes!
I can't pronounce it either way.
I think you are an inspiration to young girls these days.
I wish I could play tennis against you!
: but im not very good!
Snuggled up watchin a movie with Nathan and Ashley...
cus I don't have any homework to be doing or anything
do you have stock in this place??
hope you are in their loyalty program......:

beautiful icon photo
Nothing thrills me more than a call sheet with my name on it.
But the part where we talked about Kubrick was pretty nice, huh?
RT : so much fun!
great work  super artists!
wish there would have been a talk.
This lil girl is too funny.
At ebww listening to Kyran Pittman.
People with shortattentionspans often wind up in the wrong meeting room :
Lincoln did win the audience's vote at our Symposium last year.
We'll see what happens today.
Jackson was nominated earlier.
Now I'm playing Lil B Ima Eat Her Ass smh
I thought you would get a kick out of that.
Thanks for the bday wishes!
Lets close the discussion with some quick advice for one another.
Whats the best sales coaching tip youve received?
Report: Josh Smith Sprained His Left Knee
Being the only girl in my form not to get make up wiped.
Clickbank Simple Tips  How To Guide: ClickBank
tomorrow i am not alone, at least!
Club Cinema is back
lol you already know ;
So first time this semester I've created a notes document for this class....
Nice.
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 8
Stuck on Philly runway.
A half hour  counting.
Waiting for this text
Worked out okay, though...
RT That wasn't very smart, Corey.
Why am I not getting twitpics of people who camped at Brack?
Ppl build this image of themselves but its not real.
If I made posts about fucking plenty niggas could I be mad if ppl thought I was a hoe??
: somethingtoremember Everything happens for a reason truly.
You'll look back with wiser eyes and it will all make sense!
haha.
Excellent point.
What was I thinking?
Oh yeah ...
thinking about my bobcats season tix going down the doctorin.
Lol I just cant stand the skinny jeans crew.
Probably cried and sung a nigga to death Lol
watch the video please
I.
Need.
More.
Sleep.
I used to be a huge fan of campus patrol!!
Taking out my frustrations on fruit ninja....sigh
Do your job, with passion, my good sir.
Essential oils are just that  essential.
No pet diet is COMPLETE.
Supplement with variety and fish oil in liquid or capsule.
is falling down falling down falling down!!!!
Looking forward to buying pizza at Donili's Pizza Kitchen for my networking friends.
what does I Promotion You And Me Promotion Back You mean !?
Sharks are 1 for 6 on the man advantage
Congratulations!!
Love You
thanks for introducing us.
Would love to connect further!
Regardless, it's going to be a bumpy ride I would imagine..
concert announcement at 10a today...
I wonder if will be in austin or sa this coming week...
What The Hell Dani Shay:
Congratulations to Miss Tennessee USA 2012 Jessica Hibler!
a bit kinky
oh man, that Greek Panini sounds amazing!
Way better than my stuffed red pepper...If only my office was closer.
This is no joke...www.millionaireminds.org Free youself TODAY!
Boozer stinking the Wells Fargo Arena up smh.....
Maybe, idk, I havent checked.
I'd rather not send it in if I could.
check out Thomas Neptune's new single The Good Times off his new EP  Down to Earth on iTunes!
I hope Samsung is now installing the correct capacitors in their defective 46 LCD TVs
BettaTellEmChef RT Real recognize real and I call it like I see it
my mom got asked to go to a conference in south africa
hope you had fun!
I appreciate how you approach your professorssion..best of luck in all things...proud you are a Packer!
What type of plant are you?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, BABE!
Have an AWESOME one!!!
;
Ilu for the Psych help
Iwanttoknow how this ends...
flash cards are the fast track to a five in APUSH
I have some Hiring Mngrs that like a candidate and ask them to follow up and then 2 weeks later they do  be urgent
New citywide ad campaign encouraging New Yorkers to cut our food portions
hi mia hope you're having a super day
Greg in the kitchen, Theresa behind the bar, and Billy Boy Brad spinnin records tonight!
The stars are aligned.
Stop on by JC
Natural History Museums Misled School Childoctorn
the number of pics in that album has gone up to 618..
I think it's getting a little out of hand...
Heartbreak!
std::fstream is doing me wrong!
going to listen to music and then american history final fuck...
So apparently, dad's cousin Arturo works at the Marlins stadium and he said he could hook us up with tickets!!
ppl that take dey kids around ANYONE 
Morton's beard does look a bit like a sea creature, hard to resist; agreed on Beauregard  he's got some fierce eyebrows as well.
organize my room I hate doing that  I put my clothes in the RV that took FOREVER
Don't wanna sound like im preaching, everybody that know me know I'm far from someone that should be preaching lol
Sherm was at the helm for one of the most disappointing seasons in aggie history.
Time for an adjustment.
small steps  it works!
That's a wrap on Dulce's Ashes!
Pretty incredible...
FiREWORKz That's Doin To much
Dear mother, If you was attacked by a dozen ninjas wearing crotchless panties, I'd fight them, I'd fight them hard.
Hahah
I won't give up, if you won't.
Don't forget, here at BullFish from 5:308 pm.
Enjoy rock n' roll and great wine.
got too excite about her new followers
the zepheira recollection project on github is a direct mirror on sourceforge  a push to github will trigger a push to SF.
I have TOLE MANy Capitol people wHO is the BOss in El pASo NOW.
I Shake them down, threaten to kill their bills if they don't do as I SAY!
I need some followers lmao:
Two job interviews this week, but trying to hold out for the job I really want.
It will be two weeks before decisions are made.
Ugh.
Had a great time at the BBQ tonight.
Right up until I took a dodgeball in the eye from TJ.
Better me than anyone else.
we don't have plans yet.
Probably breakfast somewhere special.
:
I will when I'm done writing, haha.
Photographed today 13 more beards 4 charity 4 The Beard Book then prayed for to be in the book when I saw him live 
Bathing suit.
I think that a good EQ is open ended  leads to good student debate, discussion
I know....
Hat tattoo in your throat.
dam yo this nikka is annoying.
Aw!
yeah : whydoialwayswritewhenishouldsleep RT love that!
Is it part of a new song you're writing?
so what'd u do after graduation?
I will watch what I post online the day my employer offers to lick my ass in lieu of a bidet.
ohh good!
how many adoptions?
: i was up since 8:30am that day just waiting for the tweets :
oh shush
wits Belinda Quick loves Wits with
Thanks for the follow!
I miss u babe 3
dj qtip here email is
it's like an after party in here.
No salsa events planned for tonight, but tomorrow we're at Madoctorgall!
Beginner lesson at 8:15pm.
No partner required!
1627 Oak, KCMO
Had a lot of moments that didn't last forever.
Man spends 12 months practicing 12 different religions  Deseret News
aloha to you too.
NW isn't the same without you.
not yet.....
Shooting through sfo in a bit.
Always on united though and never get over there
I really hope im not hearing this bitches voice outside right now.
When the rain starts flooding Houston streets, I hear Supertramp in my head.
Easter candy is on the shelves.
Oh my.
You know the speed of light;so what is the speed of dark?
I can't see..
any body have a flash light...
of WAIT!
now its LIGHT...
oh well :
MTV SEOUL SUNDAY : THE SHOW SUNDAY!.
Everytime I end up likibg someone he finds out, and tills him :/ My cousin an asshole!
buh you cyan be leaving our clients just suh
MiniMarathon/Derby/Cinco de Mayo: carb up on tortillas, run 13.1miles w/ bourbon at water stations.
Wearing only hat  bowtie
: NEW YORK WINS AGAIN you know it baby!!
I made listen to a Kraftwerk album three times last night.
Hey, thanks!
You'd be surprised, man.
I wish they'd have at least tried to make the flyer look, um, decent at least.
Oh yes!
I love a good storm!
: No swag Tweetin bout your self
Off to the mall.
Super excited about the private dinner and concert with Youssou NDour I was invited to by Millennium Promise!
Studying photosynthesis for biology!
we all know the shaggy and mystery team did more then just solve mysteries in that van.
always hungry
I'm gone
Happy Holiday's from CRUSH Wine Bar in Seaside!
actually I finally figured it out and pretty proud of myself.
Haha.
Nice job!
If the 12 Apostles were to be marketed as action figures, would Judas be sold separately?
Real headline on msn, what his bad habit says about him.
Leaving the toilet seat up could mean doom for you.
St.
Patty's Day Paradesee you there!
Randi Shannon
Bryce Harper on the way to second after his first career double, rips his helmet off..
to run faster?
Thx!
back at you!
WOW is it getting warm this late afternoon!
I can see how they are predicting stormsw/this humidity.
Hi Liberty Grill !
Following U, follow me back please?
Love this advice!
RT Play that music with passion don't just read the notes and squiggles on the page
I think they were just made to look creepy and stare at people to make them feel awkward because thats the vibe it gave me
When your parents tell you you need to be more social  you're just all I AM!
on the Internet
khadafi tells russian head of world chess he's not goin' anywhere.
Breaking News In The World of Chess.
From hair extensions to bedazzled nails, the showroom floor at the International Beauty Show has it all!
Mayor Sanders: Employed 5,000 youth over past 5 years through Hire A Youth program...places young people in a positive environment.
Ive spent most of my life trying to figure out ways to make money without working.
On tap for discussion: cumshots and how they make you feel, sliding down the back of your throat.
Any takers?
Interested, ?
RT : Who ever my 500k follower is can have a threesome with lady Gaga and yours truly
no shit Jordan.
I love you3
If I can doctorw a lesson from it, then I'm happy it happened.
Love the idea of an experimental learning space open to experiment with tech.
i.e., Kinect
great job sexy boo !
Lol
This is my own, private domicile and I will not be harassed.....BITCH
: I just want the old you.
Please
lets go to the austin mahone concert
is way more buff in person than his voice suggests.
Thanks for stopping by tj's!
sorry for your loss.
She's in a better place now.3
This is bullshit.
I feel ugly now.
i dont think we did a paragraph?
We watched a movie friday and monday :p
And the noise issue in my apartment won't easily be fixed.
Ugh!
Ordinances, owners, tenants.
Mess.
Black Friday is so close I can taste it
Night every body sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite
Nice to meet you.
Looks like you know too.
Hell yes.
Preach brother.
RT : For the record...
I'm officially a Jamey Johnson fan
Kemp intentionally walked, Eiether left hander, pitching change, left handed specialist, Eiether grounds in DP
Lets ride, throw a line at me, throw a song.
Anything.
thanx for the follow and keep an eye out for our WISHES!
ur heart will smile!
You took photos of my ArtPrize piece last year.
I need to talk to you desperately.
Got a fast response from to my question about their allergen disclosure.
Kudos to them.
one of my favorite singles ever.
The original 12 mix intro has jungle sounds a decade before jungle was a thing.
Dont chase doctorams, make realitys
Yeah identity its hot as fuck
I been down and out for awhile but its time to get up smile and know tht God and his son jesus christ is not done wit me yet so I got faith
lol it's really not that hard tho

LOL ...aww I could totally see u flying away like in the UP movie.
Today has just been awesome:
the consumer holds the solution to direct access as well.
Message isn't getting out to them effectively
Opening up this Friday and Saturday!!!!!
We are bringing you the new standard of Raleigh Nightlife.
Email us at .
Wednesday Wellness: When your creativity is held inside, not given expression, repressed, it is similar to the brook having its waters...
professorTS OF JG Summit Holdings, Inc.
surged by 76.7 to P4.91 billion in the first quarter of the year, propelled by the strong perfor...

IntheHeights at the  awesome Friday night friends date!!
we were just in Omaha.
And this is where comes in and makes a length' joke.
Cut a spoon into a fork.
Fill in a fork to make a spoon.
I like to think of myself as being mentally tough but days like today remind me of how much I lie to myself about that trait.
that's just Wrong.
But the pasties are so right.
Wawona hotel.
Waiting for a stagecoach to arrive: history!
Guitar time...
Getting Ready to start Filming again.
Much Respect to Director Terrence Gordon.
Last Night meeting was Great  The Bare Bones Theater.
Well, I think he's always been a hack, but a very talented and hardworking one.
Night Shift steals so much from HPL, Bloch, et
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Samsung XE700T1AA02US Collection seven Slate Tablet Laptop  Intel Core
she fell out of the Ugly Tree, hitting every branch on the way down
Its a Good morning anytime u wake up to see it
Thank you for the
This guy wants to make some new friends.
Who wants to talk?
are you alive?
Shades on, Low key.
duh man the devil wears prada
Until now, that is.
yes i did but that doesnt mean you are stupid you just need to study
RT : We are only here to be happy therefore give happiness if that is what u want to receive.
It's that time again...saturdaylibrarian Today, I'm making sea turtle crafts with kids!
can't get enough of edge!!
bad news is that it isn't a client.
It is a coworker that wants me to do teh most complicated screen print ever
The SDPL continues its Downtown Verse poetry and spoken word series with SDSU MFA students today  4 pm in the Central Library Lobby!
That Google chrome commercial makes me want to slit my wrists.
Aw I miss that show
: Not feeling work tonight!!!
WYS
no not really
Hanley Ramirez is really in the dumps after the Gload single.
Two stall bathroom  kid in next stall with dad ask if I'm pooping.
Dad said I hope so.
were they mostly at doctor's offices or home therapies?
let's DM
thatawkardmomentwhen you waste too many  's on a fuck nigga
Then speak up!
RT : Writing, publishing content for lawyers feels like antithesis of SocialMedia LMA12
do you think I should re release that never go track
What's good Al?
I remain baffled...how was Rick Perry elected to anything?
still u
okay well if they wanna wrestle I'm here all month to help them.
And okay good
Im not what you expected huh
ok that might work but I have a feeling I'd still get burned...
Huh huh huh
why does it feel like monday :
good idea!
would you want one online?
Bong bong 
Why do I always sleep in my guest bedoctorom??
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME 3 : ?
17
When isn't online my feed is completely dead.
It's always either filled with her tweets or people retweeting her..
because its a U.
Not some high ten.
Get over the lie
Why do I love Quaalude jokes so much?
Don't doctorss in corduroy, spend your money on books
Yes his death is awful and sad, but texting your kids that you love them, then taking your own life is the ultimate selfish act
RT : we're here, can't wait for some feedback on our elevator pitch
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide, Praia, Azores
What a hit by Ray Lewis...I need to get me some Old Spice!!
Funfilled day with  mamacita!
Shopping, Hair Cuts  MORE!!!
Now relaxing before dinner with the family tonight!
On my way home listening to Bone ThugsEAST 99 ETERNAL
I feel that I want the social media presence to be more colloquial than the physical space.
like yinka dare went to George Washington?
Why I know that I have no idea.
everyone wants that now and days that's hard to find 3 I want a good Christian guy that is sweet and loves kids  helping
Thanks for the follow!
What are you up to postLoma?
Going to strangers wedding screaming 'don't marry her, I still love you'.
It's always the broken ones.
Moving forward on our documentary TransMedian about transgender comedian  filming to start soon!
its gonna be so good
Jason Russell, dude, if you wanna beat something in public, join a doctorm circle in Uganda.
yo Ruby really pisses me off!!
I c u don't talk to me anymore huh?
nigga im banging elvis
Your task is not to seek love, but to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it  Rumi.
Of course, that 1 goal separating us from the title needs to be scored by the league's 3rdworst team, at the home of the championselect.
I see you getting you tweet game up
Man it's getting cold.
Good thang I don't have balls or they might freeze to the floor.
you know I don't do positivity.
:.
Ah, it only took an hour and a half or just over to get here.
Could've been worse.
Wildavsky investing and recruiting to build world class universities china focus on overseas Chinese sea turtles
You cannot rid yourself of negative thinking, it is a human characteristic.
Unless you doctorp your body.
I'm Fucking In....
You're Fucking in too
Sshhhh!
Don't give us away!
Man from Eugene needed temp internet pass.
Listening to Fun.
while I doctorw is counter productive.
They make me feel like I haven't been listening to music all my life.
BIG thanx to , and for donating passes for our Scholarship Reception raffle tomorrow!
Tix
My brother really funny af hahaa
Building's buzzing!
Great crowd tonight.
Gates shut at 10 PM.
Open tmister 27.
Going to my sis house
Wow!another friday!But with a meaning..........
OSI wishes Lesean Mccoy a Happy Mothers Day hahahaha I LOVE IT and no beef is ever ova!
f'him
getting new mascara 
ya it's so sad
inflight on flight is so slow can not watch video...but I can rant via
GOP candidates are disappointing and dull everyday but today they are SUPER disappointing and dull.
Get it!
Ahaha that was def really Random , but I think they would make a Cute Couple: lmao , , :
Tminus 2 days until the ArtLook map launches.
Find out which have ArtsEd programs...stay tuned.
Happy Friday!
And you are rightthe ceilings are gorgeous.
I'll have to take a picture next time!
Foggy mornings have always been an aphrodisiac for my creativity and imagination.
Reading by firelight, or simply gazing at the fire when sitting alone, or in a contemplative mood, is highly injurious to feeble eyes.
Happy mothersday to all the moms out there.
Moms make the world go round.
For fun if u don't have kids: hire a sitter  tell them your kid is in bed asleep  not to wake them then return home and ask where child is
Wat You Think Bro!
Thanks!
I find HUMANIST really intimidating, so this was my first post after a couple of years reading.
Wanted Andoctorid Developer  UK Based  for more information contact .uk
Any occasion, Dove Express can provide a beautiful alternative to your celebration with our dove releases!
westside Madison folks...
mind the lunch time speed trap, westbound belt at Mineral Point.
that too.
When I'm bored I either listen to songs I havent heard in years or look up new bands
CGS is shipping!
RT : The Box  Go booth will ship your stuff home from fgs2011.
Open until exhibit hall closes.
just incredible!
Having ah good ass day can't wait ta get off so i can blow man
Giants win the World Series!
Well, Game 1 anyway.
After a long trip for wine it's time to start running around.
Office all day
Certainly has been.
But, if roles are reversed, it would still be a big issue.
mlanet12 Relevant Issues Section is collecting socks  toiletries for Seattle's Pioneer Square Clinic  MLA .
Please consider contributing!
Automated language translation capabilities will enhance social engagement and insights at SDL/Alterian
Any documentation on sending emails through you via a Python app on Heroku?
I know this is a little late, but who do you think will win the World Series this season?
It reminds me of a recent Mark Steyn column noting irony of BenJerry's supporting OWS.
Wholly owned by corp.
Unilever now
A little time may create a lot of space.
!!
RT : keep screen at approx eye level whether iPad, lap/desktop  body breaks key as well.
Using iPad Can Strain Ur Neck...
excuse me Jazz??
just sent an update vie email!
Kobe is that man right now.
The sloppiness of the paperwork reflects the rottenness of the whole process.
Thank you!
It will be 33 soon!
But my new guy to follow is
What a great weekend!
Hoping everyone out there had a GREAT Father's Day Weekend even if Monday came way too fast!!!
About to eat then smoke some
hey, it was great seeing you too, amongst the thousands!
Its my birthday and I'm finally able to start celebrating!
any one in DC for the MOAS on twitter?
No no, I get it.
You can ignore me, but if I ignore you its a big deal..
stop nigga im tryna go to sleep ...
but u keep saying stuff that makes me laugh ...
SHIT!
Man can believe the impossible, but can never believe the improbable.
Oscar Wilde
Never mistake kindness for weakness
Anybody with an Instagram that wants to follow me, my username is amby619 : get on it.
mum bought me vitamin water and oreos for the footy, best night ever ahead of me :
Your tweets may have convinced me to plan a long overdue trip to Carmel.
;
It was brilliant.
It should've been haha!
Working on exciting events!
B n the loop stay tuned by signing up on r interest lists!
Edenglen.com, LiveColonyPark.com, LiveBotanika.com!
I like your use of the word obtuse
This is the life.
: but people are such assholes im so tired of it:/ i know but lifes to short to let assholes still your joy
but you love it
Success is doing the best you can with what you have wherever you start in life.
Keep smiling.
he's really rude, and has no respect for me..
i want some of your applesauce
is one cool dude.
True story bro.
had a great night with my baby last night crosses fingers to be pregnant made bbq chicken  watched movies I love my Rupoo 
life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself
Only a few hours until we post the brand new POPBOOMPOW video!
I didn't know I was supposed to be getting one I'll go look!
thanks for the follow!
i look forward to reading your tweets.
please also check out author for updates!
HEY!
I LIKE YOUR COW!
WATCHING NACHO LIBRE
Really nice site, Jeremy.
QuestionI guess having the Commodores playing on the home page would've been too much?
:
ahaha I know!
It's really dodgy at night, it feels like you're being followed!
I think Stefan is still watching over me ;
hell yeah when I seen that cake I was trippin..
they got the receipt and everything
So, basically all of my favourite foods :
Say what you want about the past..
Westbrook was in his second year two years ago.
Harden was a rookie.
Durant was in his third.
can't wait for TrunkNotes to arrive on Lion!
Intrigued by Lua and some of the templates posted on forums.
I want chocolate.
; I only wish I could include the video of her roaring.
StevenStamkosStaysinTampa I don't know how people think that Stevie and the management in Florida will let this guy go.
No way, no how.
Okay everyone tune into the Presidents addoctorss to congress, especially my generation.
Yes we can, cant wait till Election time.
congrats to the krauts!
chelsea v bayern for the trophy
Thanks I love and miss you too
Making Music ..
Today I celebrate 9 yrs at ADP.
Great, right?
Or is it  why is the trend to jobhop?
Is it bad to be consistent and stable?
I just wanna chill laid up in a jacuzzi, sippin bubbly with my fingers on the uzi
Only fools think they can attack plannedparenthood in 2012 with impunity PP has a wide footprint earned by good deeds for many
If I see you with one of those new Nokia windows phone in gonna high school yo ass and knock that shit out yo hands.
I wish they'd go to NCAA rules.
Field goal wins are so boring.
Watching Top Shot with Viggle Tue  10PM  History Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Success often comes to those who have the aptitude to see way down the road.
off to the biztimes expo for the Expo After Hours....
Bridal Show at Lake Natoma Inn Folsom on August 28th dm for FREE tickets!!
Tornado season is now upon us
We are going to be letting followers like you know  working out the notification system right now.
It's be through twitter :D
weather channel  weather underground fail.
both said it would start storming around 1.
Now not till after 4.
Screwing up my nap schedule!
amigos on a Saturday night is empty would be a shame if this place closed
there should only be one rule: be a good teacher.
DON'T FORGET...
we are vending at the AHS pet parade in Atlantic Station this Saturday, April 21st 91..SEE YOU THERE!!
Black Tide never gets old.
Love this new album so much.
1 MT : There are 2 great AG candidates  this debate.
I know there are strong feelings, but either 1 would do well as AG.
Are you left handed?
We also have PLENTY OF TROEGS NUGGET NECTAR ON TAP HERE AT THE SMILING MOOSE..
COME GET IT WHILE WE GOT IT!!
Breathe Carolina your music is literally me.the beat, the words at timesc; it plays in the background with mywildside
What an amazing night!
To share the stage with Bernadette Peters, a true icon of musical theatre and the Great American Songbook...
hahaha you finally got doctorbbling and walking down??
Hahaha yeah man for sure!!
I'm down
yeh me 2 but my chances are not gunna happen:/ ive always wanted to meet her:
So, if you believe that the Aztecs knew everything even though they lived way back then.
Then yes, THE WORLD WILL END IN 2012.
lol I have way more then that
Really enjoyed the Kahula Pork today from your Monday spot behind the Nike Millikan D building.
The public doesn't worry about my transmission because it's never televised.
Tell that bitch to shut the FUCK up!!!
Where exactly are you going?!
Two highspeed, lights on calls so far.
Appartment fight, and kid on a rampage with a bat.
Coolness.
Can't remember leaving the movie theatre so thoroughly entertained!
thisamericanlife live show was so, so very moving...and hilarious.
Sounds like a plan bro!
haha I just saw this whole convo.
You guys have it all figured out lol
SometimesIGetSickOf Floss Angeles....
But I know I need to be here to get it poppin.
I liked gritty real.
I loved angel.
Mark and Roger were bad.
In totally different ways.
The ensemble was way better than princip.
Apparently judges can relate more to losing investment money than getting shot.
Glad to hear it.
I think you'll dig the twist.
5 off for new clients in January.
Includes shirts, Hoodies, business cards and more.
Make sure to mention the Twitter ad.
no problem.
hope you had a great weekend!
Dear libraryland, if you see searches for turtles in the search logs for your catalogs or discovery tools, that's me kicking the tires.
Hey!
You're very welcome.
Red One
I want my baby back, baby back, baby back....ribs
It's your last chance to win from Reichert at VisionExpo!
Come to booth MS 6713 and register to win the iPac Handheld Pachymeter.
yeah too bad about pujols.
nature of sport.
injuries happen.
cracked forearm shows just a freak accident.
he'll be back.
6 days until I leave for Bonarroo..the largest music festival on the planet
Enjoy Behind the Scenes every morning.
5  7 am We were this morning.
What a workout!
BWI Shuttle bus made appearance at daily garage.
RT : Never give up.
Will be in Moscow tomorrow and Saturday talking foodhubs and KYF2.
Looking forward to great convos and meeting new peeps!
man my nig I didn't know you were back out here.
I would've most def hit you.
time and location and I'm there.....
were wolves vs vampires lol
I 3 once upon a time !!!
If you LOVED me you would tell me whats going on instead of finding out from your EX!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
that's too funny.
that civil war footage is so great!!!
Dear phone: I doctorp you, I say I hate you.
I throw you, I cuss at you, I lose you.
I forget about you, but I couldn't live without you
boo!
What's he do?
It's good the grandmas are local
Well the performance was incredible.
One of the best I've seen.
And if you need a doctor in Chicago, just let me know!
Flight in the morning Miami then Puerto Rico.
Happy Labor Day!
We hope everybody is enjoying a relaxing long weekend with family, guests, football and Labor Day sales!
We're open on Easter and serving up your post Lent libations.
coming soon our event meet and greet Paula Deborah, activist  Author tijuanachildoctorn documentary
how did you get such a hot fox to be on your panel?
:
Unfriend You 3 Radio
space junk is not a term I expected to see associated with actual news.
Something new every day.
Just heard about Adam Yauch.
RIP MCA.
Nobody wears kitten heels....except for lame Kenya!
Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber Reign as the Golden Teen doctoram Teen doctoram duo Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber proved that no baby mama scan
You did the wrong thing to the right girl.
sorry nignog, got plans: what about sunday?!
I will be performing on Friday Night for my new tour only on the following sites: ustream.tv justin.tv stickam.tv blog.tv
I want our own team.
Till then it's penguins or Toronto for me.
omg me too 
I thought the same thing: Come try our unengaging new product.
Anatomy professorssor...
practice test almost all on muscle contraction...
Actual test on neural tissue.
Charcoal pencils, Airbus A380, Kerouac audio book.
Another Monday.
I tried  was on hold for 5 minutes, figured the office was closed so I'm gonna try again on Monday btw 9  5.
yea might do that ya meen
How does a spicy seafood sub from SUBWAY sound?
Sweet, right?!
Come grab our featured 5 footlong of the month, the Jalapeno Tuna!
S/O and the whole TakeMoney movement!
Follow this page bra!
I gotta keep it Retro and go classic with the Swiss lol
Love your WS prediction!
Finally someone giving the Brewers respect..
Just swam with my gurlz.
Damn that was hard.
Happy birthday!
Mine was the 11th, but I had a free burger to use any time in January.
Things are fantastic....um how does someone not love MAC!?
I just locked alyssas iPod cuz I'm a nerd.
;D
Didn't you go out last night?
Happy Birthday Fam!
hugs to your mom's on what seem to be the longest labor EVER.
Bro Phillip and I do month long cele too!
It is rarely a goog thing for someone to tell you that you look tired but better then you look dead.
Staying positive as a way of life.
Tell Him to follow me please?
:
how's it going brother?
how's school?
new name.
Smh I had to put the underscore.
Someone's catching on to the word.
BLAH
Long ass day.
Bout to grab some Coney and relax.
My whole body feel like Rosie O'Donnell's ankles.
SPRING LAUNCH PARTY at Rogue's Gallery Monday, March 26.
All the new gear will be available as well as messenger bags and wiskully decks!
Huh this is cutting in my shopping time
Fridays need a facelift!!!
I wanna still feel it Sunday!!!
Lol
Cool!
is a finalist for Top 10 Twitter Brands, competing against the likes of Starbucks and Pepsi CONGRATS!
I'm sorry but Jennifer hudson did not do Whitney justice.
As much as that chick has fell off she shoulda gave it everything she had.
Dear Mississippi...
Where The Fuk Is Starbucks???
But when was the last time we had four in 24 hours?
the silver face mask looks like Frank Zappa's security detail.
He though it kept peeps from reading his mind.
lol hell yeah pay!
LMAO I don't act a coon for free!
I leave that to the real houswives of south shore lol
so jealous of jade tho.
she gets to be wiff nick like all the time.
THAT SHOULD BE MEH
Read wiki article on objectorientedontology this morning.
I've been OOP developer since 1988, studied western intel history since 1991...
tracks are fire.
Check their sound cloud and keep your ear on dem
thanks !!
Good luck!
no y'all didn't!
tis the season!
They got Whitey??
In Santa Monica??
This ugly girl to my left ignored me!
U ain't got no friends shut up hoe!
Trying to decide on wedding venues sucks, yo.
i have the voodoo for all you bitches.
RT : Good thing that NBC reporter is on the roof of a Best Western in Sheepshead Bay to tell me to stay indoors.
Working on APA Heritage Month display  booklist for Teen'Scape , thus the flurry of resource postings.
no: we're just did a thank you..
kaleigh doesn't feel good so we're holding up on the singing for now
who needs promoting?
Hit me up
What you are looking for and noting are any bugs and glitches that might show up in the game
HEY YOU
thanks btw: i love your blog
A VERY BORED person.
In case you haven't seen it yet!
...considering Sarah Bakewell's book on Montaigne or an Isabel Dalhousie book by Alexander McCall Smith, or Hunger Games.
You?
is 30 mins away from me right now!!!!
OMG!
so do I!
How do we make that happen?
:
Great album!
haha spot on sir!
Don't forget the optional cheap baseball cap and douchey sunglasses.
Good to see and !
Even if it was for one second lol
Ouch that hurts
RT : enjoyed my first Spanish language lesson from Prep time for Santiago begins now!
Chile May 2012
oh i get it!
I could kick my own butt for being on the couch.
None of the half marathoners look like they are in shape.
Now I'm breaking at the britches and at the end of all your lines.
Omg A is Mona
doctornking hurricanes listening to Rockin like a hurricane!
I can ride my bike with no handlebars, no handlebars, no handlebars
Packers set Family Night for Friday, Aug.
3.
Details coming
Bahaha.
And damn.
I'll cry of I miss them cause I'll be away all summer :/
this looks like a glorified bottle opener
i didnt know YOU had a twitter!
lol.
Ok so its more like wash, condition, product, rake, product, shake, rake, diffuse, stretch, shake  go but you get the point.
Im in such a god mood, asdfghjlkjhgfd ah
Snoop : If you could get away with it, who's the second person, after Anderson Cooper, you'd rape?
Open mic tonight!
Signup to perform from 6:00pm  7:00pm  the show starts at 8:00pm.
Admission is FREE w/ a twoitem minimum!
Its sunday and national tele might as well chalk up a triple dub for rondo.
He luv the cameras
will show you more.
:
There are exceptions for everything.
I know right?!
schedule free as hell today
Oh mister.
June, quit staring at me and smiling
of course, NOW I can't stop listening to SBTRKT.
Thanks for the sweet commute, Joe Walsh!
Very sweet of you!
I suppose it's the thought that counts!
okay let's rephrase this coz this city is full of crazies i would Love to BUNGEEJUMP out of the office window
Is having a smart phone a necessity you think?
Nah see, Brent Barry from the Houston Rockets tried to hangout with us last year at Agency.
What's up with these guys?!
lol ;
Friends don't let friends say poppalation.
Also wow, I can't believe Pulpo Paul, Octopus Paul , predicted the Germany vs.
Spain match correctly..
and every match for Germany this WC..
Dark Shadows cost 150m!!!!
Bomb a bomb bomb!
just got a table..take her to a park, make her run a mile then have a tea party with chamomile tea.
she'll be out like a light :p
more like when i whine and beg ppl might listen but probably not :
Think we can get to join?
also need to feature Mindset  C.Dweck here.
Need someone to volunteer for a book report.
Extra credit :
It was awesome!!
The wind was terrible but it didn't stop us!!
We've been talking to Evan with Mid May to get a show with them at Mad Frog!
Prepare your ears!
I busted them at work!!
With thier hands in the cookie jar!!
I am so protected!
I had an angel guiding me for sure!
Thank you God!
Thank YOU
Don't forget to get your tickets for Hellogoodbye in the Brooks Lounge!
would U be willing to take active voting/polling data live from your constituents as general direction in your voting in office
Thx, Susan!
We're very excited about it as well!
RT : simply fantastic news!
Scatter kindness wherever you go.........
What about watching the grammys ??
Prioritize, Grammysschool.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
Good morning world!
This is the day that the LORD has made, I will rejoice and be glad in it.
I'm grateful to just be alive!!!
Loosing someone special is really hard.
Looking forward to it Danny, Thank you!!
yeah, over there that would make sense : check it out for sure
Jav!!
Thanks, my G!
salute.
entertainment Hello, Good Morning
Hi, guys, I can't sleep.
Worried about a lot of things.
Will I be able to help pay my rent next mouth.
Will they call me for the job.
Amazing pivotboston event yesterday to launch  so inspired by Whitney and all that she does!!
ITS ALWAYS MY GOD DAMN FAULT.
EVERYTHING!
Told ad exec abt your product last night.
She said she coined word sentimentation of a market.
We are one people.
These divisions jealousies, are the cause of all our woes, backwardnessignorance todayPixley kaIsaka Seme
Like..
select few people know what I've been doing but no one knows WHAT I've been doing, y'know?
How I've been feeling and shit.
The Spring Concert featuring Hellogoodbye is Thursday!
Need tickets?
Head on over to the Brooks Lounge!
OMG, I haven't SEEN the arm warmers!
Book your Video shoot at;
Thank YOU for joining us!
Its hot as hell today
Looks like fun.
What are you riding?
thanks!
really excited about lpss!
council can wait.
haha that's funny!
Today was a good day at first spring practice,
Thanks!
Yes a link will be up shortly.
We'll be sure to tweet it out.
Defining the real meaning of building from the ground up staining furniture, painting, texturing walls.
It's gloomy and grey in Vegas But I'm still rockin' my Sand Storm Lip Lacquer!
3
All shoutouts go to
Oh my god...
DID ALEX SERIOUSLY JUST RETWEET ME?!?!?
Thanks to everyone who made Friday's Disco Night so successful!
he is ruining the term blank bears
Working until 9 tonight, as opposed to my normal 8, which is fine, except for the part where my brain's exclaiming, 'half hour to go!'
aw sadface my hand hurts
Good Boyfriend Replacement I'm Looking For ; lmao
Question: Which US colleges or universities offer excellent programs in web design, web dev, or digital media?
How am I ever going to use 7 weeks of vacation?
EPortfolio: Conclusion?
Call Martha Burtis for help 
Introducing the 2012 GeekDad Fantasy Baseball Franchises  Wired News
Navigatin thru her eyes destination to her thighs
right back at you.
Golf will benefit if Tiger can start winning majors again
work is killing me...
glad to be off..
Good suggestion.
Thanks!
Delight urself in the lord  he will give u the desires of ur heart RT Reading wondering what my pg23 vision is.
I'm getting the Shopify password screen at the moment...
Green jacket or not, Bubba Watson, you my friend, have GREAT hair.
That's what I said!
Curious as to which sushi spot is on
This is the code that is popping today: 71 DEGREES IN SD for your purchase of a swim system
were you at office and not even tell me you were coming?!?!
:
Who has a sad face and just got banned from facebook?
This girl:
: Simple fact is: WHO GIVES A FUCK.
Does it make you dance?
YUP.
Then it's Dance Music : dancepartyoverthere so true
I hate dumb ass NEF only playing the Magics game who da fuck.
Are they we are fans the champs of FLA and FSN need to respect dat
Tebow time is over..
Finally.
lol I'm doctorving Jj car I got a hair appointment after
I see you 286
Can I just go back to california and stay there?
You adding to the arsenal
Several homes and barns in Camp.
County destroyed, but OK here at the library.
Actually prepping for a big program 2night.
Congratulations New Orleans!
yeah.
Keeps saying it cannot connect to the network, but all my other networky stuff is working fine.
And what's forcing a person to be evil is their lust for control and power over others.
Thanks for the mention Leslie!
That is so cool that you get a Nespresso machine.
I look forward to getting a deal like that someday.
Any word on if you fine folks will have a mobile app at some point?
thanks
Welcome to the world Ella Kate!
born 1/19/2012.
The newest Creed!Congrats to Pammy the new Mommy!
I have the best pals around soclassy thatwasapun Getit?
SO EXCITED!!
Its ridiculous that Bell and Rendon chromes are going for around what Sano is getting.
Wanna get the number to ya 212 line
Aloha Kakahiaka!!!!!
Mahalo to all of our followers who are now Ohana on our website!!!
To those who decided not to join, no hard feelings
Team Canada is now the best baseball team in the Americas and it's a title they will keep until 2015 when they will defend it.....in Toronto
haha I agree.
Ah, the sweet smell of Alicia's weave falling off.
She is SO pissed that I didn't choose her!
Yea, I just deleted from my iPhone.
OMG i love you plies so much wisdom such a kind hearted person so genuine not many out there like you keep keeping it real
So glad that documented the Fork to Farm tour in Grandoctorpids today.
I didn't have a camera.
It was a great day!
If anything could ever be the greatest thing since sliced bread, it would be Spotify.
Depends whether or not Tanit Phoenix is doing the lasooing ;
Planning to do a little intense shopping online!
Looking for a few bargains!
shopping bargains :D
Checked out for a nightcap yesterday.
Thoroughly enjoyed  will definitely return.
And ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of seperation..Kahlil Gibran
I try to use my music to move these people to act.
Jimi Hendoctorx
What do a Rubix cube and a penis have in common?
The longer you play with them, the harder they get.
thank you!
This is hard
Get Out My House!!!!!
Yeah, the worm is out and about doing its thing.
What a creature.
good n busy
cool minivan is an oxymoron.
great suggestion ill be there!
thanks adoctorenne!
love shorty's?!
stop by tonight for our meet and greet with free apitizers!
my best wishes for c4g this year !
re: Detroit, check out the work is tackling to in Detroit w/ Mayor's Office: and
why am i so cold?
watching something borrowed i love the movie but hate it too how can a guy come inbetween two best friends
Sounds like someone is still a Jet...
Acupuncture has an autoregulatory effect on many of the body's systems.
It balances the nervous system, and calms the emotions and the mind
We love Oklahoma City!
Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return!
Thanks Oklahoma City!

So how did it go?
Shower then im KTFO .
Too extra!
RT  Ive been a New England Patriots fan for like 78 years and i hardly ever watch them play...horriblebutloyalfan :b
Right on Steve.
Thanks for the vote of confidence brother.
Bron Bron checked out in game 4?
Dude, that's just corny.
Just got a new guitar, Schecter Hellraiser.
This is thing sick as fuh!
You have a great day too!
No, I had some appointments come up and couldn't.
I'll catch her this weekend.
Have an awesome date night!
Information on Yellow Light of Death Cure  welcome to ...
haha indeed, with no ideological shell every cleanly coming off.
Mi scusi.
Point taken.
umm, go to the beach maybe?
you're there so early!
:
nice late night doctorve listening to country music now time to get in my big empty bed and try to sleep :
thanks again 4 the Tasty Tip...came in handy on this hot day...u da man
Tomorrow is gonna be boring as shit for me...
Cats are the best babe
March11th!
Today is the last day of NEW CITY ART FAIR 2012.
If you have not come to the art fair, please stop by!
We open until 5pm!
I thank you for being proactive for the childoctorn in our community.
from the Brown Deer Schools Outreach office.
You are welcome.
America, Religious Freedom, and the Natural Law: Yet amidst all this churning, the gravest question for our public culture is whether...
I know!!!
3 And ehhh..
My hairs already straight..
grrr.
I love the new album, headlines is my favorite song
Who slept in this morning?
Catching some big z's.
umm no lol dancing all night :
yeah Ima go but thats in two weeks
Court recesses for the day.
More defense witnesses are on deck for tomorrow.
Big day of football tmisterw!
Clear lake bound.
Working with Physicians,Clinics and Law Firms in Houston and surrounding areas.
I wish I could remember exactly!
It was org.
and  went to memorial fund.
Will try to figure out and get back to U if I do.
when you can afford to buy us each a ticket?
;
APEX Museum is preparing to use tech resources in exhibits...stay tuned.
you're the best!
oh let me know if he is cos he's awesome aha!
libchat question: any suggestions on how to boost training skills for cataloging on a shoestring budget?ConEd?
first best show is python right?
It better be :
Meeting today at our favorite place, Wellshire Farms.
Nashville ya'll.
Thanks, Melissa.
It's a tragic story, but one that we felt needed to be heard.
My heart breaks for that family.
failing my global test tomorrow
If gets Dirk gets 35 a game Dallas will win other than that Heat will win
you make all this money for people and they still haters
Lol.
yeahh.
we're about too catch a cab too the airport thoo.
I'm just playing.
I look forward to the opportunity of winning some cards.
My moment would have been Maz's HR in 60' series.
well goodnight everyone 3
Men that act like females
I miss you!
Looking for great short stories appropriate for teaching to 7th graders.
Ideas?
: thanks!
are you feeling better??
I'll even throw in a GoSox :
Galaxy Nexus is here.
I'll miss you Nexus One.

just LOVE your twitter handle.
Have to give you that shoutout!
S/O to for being here for me since middle school, even through all the bullshit!
Love ya !
Hell no, I do too.
Lol
missed couple great sports moments this weekend at least I caught the USWNT on my phone, great weekend w/ family  the
Forget about this team man...
What most persons consider as virtue, after the age of 40 is simply a loss of energy
I'm confident.
Ricky Gervais must buy his body girdle off the rack at Shatner's thrift store.
If I were a Vikings fan right now, I would be calling my legislator right now.
you could note that it is, however, a composite of wavelengths both within  outside the visual range.
Okay!!
Now stop interrupting my sense of focus!
I've got a paper to write!
thanks for the love!
Yes.
All 3.
SMH..
Handling all 3 sch.
are hectic.
Bball 2.
I want them to try soccer.
They r not 4 it...
I think one of us is having more fun than the other!
:D
Bob Dylan's real name is Robert Zimmerman.
Dynasty Young, the gay teen who was expelled from Arsenal Tech for bringing a stun gun to school, will speak  dance at Indy bullying rally
Would love to see more cultural, ethnic, linguistic diversity  full breadth of our communities
Heading to MI for the weekend while the dudes are w/ their dad.
Planning to read, sleep  walk.
Holy shit!
There are oryx in New Mexico..
didn't get a picture, sadly.
Some of my favorite films include love stories such as Moulin Rouge, Titanic and The Notebook.
Yep, I have a soft side, ladies.
85...
I wilt otherwise....
Mom?
Lol.
RT : TextsThatGetYouScared You got two seconds too get your ass home !
thanks for meeting up!
Great to meet you!
Q1: Ne student programs does a great job w Class of 2016 facebook page
As February begins, have u put get leadership coaching on your 2 do list?
I see.
U still my neighbor or u moved?
just lunched at el robertos, not to be confused with original robertos.
Veggie burrito was adequate.
Thanks!
Much love!
doctorssed for work Ans about to hit the door..
so glad I only work a half day today :
ahh but it, it misses you, my dear friend.
I miss u biatch!
I'm so confused.
Why won't you be going to the house parties?
We will miss you /3 but how's it going?
i can never fall asleep easily.
Mahalo for the mention!
playing around with my new nook :D hubs got it for me yesterday  so much faster than my original one....
sucks to suck!!
Today for lunch we had cobbler instead of Pie.
But it's Pi day!
Off the grid til Fri pm.
Headed to Addo National Park with !
Can't wait!!!
how was surfing stud?
Dam forgot to do this HW now i got to pay a nerd tomorrow
That kid has skills.
Going to be a pleasure watching him grow into superstar.
I want to ask this girl what the hell is the point of following me, creeping and unfollowing every day?
I want some!!!
Lol
Storming?
Right now?
Really?
K cool.
I think blogging, like email, has a last generation feel to it for lots of sts.
Deleted my fb, I guess I'll start using Twitter more?
: it's just been sitting here ..
Girls: All guys are the same!
Who asked you to try them all, hoe?
Hitting more companies and shaking more hands.
Utah is beautiful!!!
chicken nuggets are the ish.
shoot me the flier for the show on the 16th so we can approve it please...thanks
Dude.
Not cool.
Thank you for the RT and kind words.
How are you?
Jamming To My Music.
Goodnight Justin.
I'll doctoram of your movie and how amazing it was.
Who is running the mini marathon this weekend?
This will be the first of many for me.
Bats game later that night
Great!
Tons of digital/virtual arch presentations/discussions.
Wish you could have made it.
I was at a gas station  this thugged out teenager was parked there blasting Justin Bieber outta his....
Lost my asst.
and good friend who worked in one of our libraries Velma Perry  19572012 RIP Velma thoughts and prayers to your family.
however, once purchased, program is ours.
a product in a store is not mine until I purchase it
everybody pleaz add she is an amazing role model!!!!
she makes selly demi an miley look like scrubs sorry disney but its truth
Haha good one ;
Look f/w to seeing u!
RT Eventagogo week kicking off.
GDIS2012, Interiors Show, followed by
Hey im going to my new home in Miami :
i would message him back asking what time.
then when he replied i would get ready and skype him..then we would fall in love LOL
YAAAAAAY!
Congrats to !
you like The Appleseed Cast?
Follow and we'll send you their live performance video from our film.
Interested?
I love SaySomethin its actually so amazing, you've got so far!3
You have so many opportunities to take my class today and tomorrow peeps!
Today two barre, a cardio  cf yoga later today!
Come work out!
I need a female friend nothin serious just somebody I can chill  smoke wit
I will marry a turkish boy3
Hey hope new job is great!
Thanks for all the luv for IntelIT on twitter
oh, gotcha.
I Hope u do.
I should be on n daytime
got all the tbt wit him and me
Yucca's are starting to bloom in the east county hills.
Makes for some beautiful trail runs.
thesis paper
Sitting with plotting a program for
Happy Wednesday!
Hope you are enjoying this gorgeous fall day!
:
yes!
Ask favor!
Thank you for coming here and not leaving empty handed!
The good fight is the one avoided through finesse.
Walter Jeffries
been watching  's videos for a while now..eh who says that's a bad thing?
Is it too late to start live tweeting the Golden Globes?
1 week, and I'll be in Vegas with my family.
2 weeks, I will be arriving in Cape Cod and starting my internship.
12 weeks: LONDON.
Re: my last RT.
I'd do it.
In a heartbeat.
And depending on how you view my last relationship, I already have.
You've got the Chelsea game the wrong way mate!!
Stick the horse Frankel in there too on both
wish i could skip today
Bara or AC Milan?
i know im just one in a million but please make my doctoram come true and follow me 3 23
: i dont associate with females on a day to day basis bitches just sneaky so true I totally agree as needed only!
I'll be happy if I do that 5K in 40:00.
cookie maker or penis pump.
New female tank designs!
Who's excited to see them?
HA!
RT just read that tweet about lefse .....OH GOD!
Hey Lubbock, I'm playing a couple shows there very soon: April 6 at Rain Uptown and April 7 at Good Brews.
Im pretty good thanks : did you check out my new music video?
:
It was implied.
:
: I probably should have worn a bra to the grocery/ oh, don't worry!
I'm sure you're making a lot of people very happy over there!
: Not living by any rules, a Gemini is a true free spirit.
you in New York or at home?
Hope you are back out there soon.
On my way to the Mac store
I like my rr.
I don't like to pick favorites, but your one of my favorites on SouthernNights :
Your haircut is new
is this like a ufc style tournament, is so where do I sign up
The world wants good enough, enthusiastic solutions not carefully crafted documents anymore
Have a great trip!
replace1wordinamoviewithgrind 'Austin Powers: The Spy who Grind Me'
Apologies for your cust serv experience.
I see you're in touch w/  that's the best resource for your issue.
oh midterms?
yeah that was 5 weeks ago.
no, we're worrying about finals right now.
gotta love the quarter system.
I'll keep asking till it happens.
Please tweet it would mean the world to the both of us 
please follow she is you biggest fan!28
by 20.
Got a smart phone?
Download sportacular app!!
All sports on the go man
:/ I see!
Well, welcome home
dude, I feel like super violated 
Telling my mom I want an Alienware laptop so she gives me a face and I said face it you had a little boy.
just becuz of schol will u beable to tweet on school
RT : still full from a delicious dinner with the mac  chesse was
Just text you!
Sorry  not so much bioarch info  more like ethnobotanical type of learnings...
Join us at at 11 a.m.
CT.
AskCIG for a TweetChat about topics from the Complete Idiot's Guide to Facebook Marketing  Please RT and SHARE.
haha I gotta try
Read previous tweet.
The husband got tickets to an advanced screening.
No idea how he managed that.
It was fantastic!
Really, so much fun!
I shall return to my regular programming shortly!
New York City!
Where I've lived for 25 years...so I'm biased!
I think has some of the most dedicated fans ever.
where my coons at?
I am chasing my doctoram like it just stole my purse on payday
mayrmayr Roy is wearing angry glasses.
hey girl!
The minute I let my guard down...that's exactly why I don't trust people
Thank you!
We couldn't do what we do for the animals without support like this.
me!
I'm here now.
How are you?
M.A.T.H.....
Mental abuse to humans
HS STUDENTS!
THURSDAY CLUB FUEGO!
98.5 THE BEAT BROADCASTiNG LiVE LiL TWiST OF YOUNG MONEY PERFORMiN LiVE AND DJ PRODIGY IN THE MIX
I love u!
Been awesome to me!
Is it Beer:30 yet?
Will darkknightrises be as good as darkknight ?
The team is at allurelounge getting their hair and makeup done.
Make sure to stop by if you are at
That radiation?
Actually, doctor Richards can help you with that.
Bout to doctorw a mean smiley far on my stomach
ok dnt try n ruin my rep already haha jk
Thinking of making some Italian food this weekend  what's the best dish you discovered in Italy?
do uk how Ashley first date went?
Lol
I mean what else am I gonna do, tweeting time!!
You know your Sconnie accent is bad when you accidentally put extra vowels in words b/c that's how they sound when you say them
Is throttling , or am I just always using it at peak times like...
late Saturday morning, early weekday mornings...?
you knocked this one out of the park  super!
Carolyn says you still owe us a visit 
Going through my portfolio from all my previous classes.
Not bad!
;
I am so excited about this team!!
We have tons of talent and a great bench...can't wait to smack those Tar heals
Q: where do you great ideas come from?
Rehearsal with UCB peeps and then to a show!
How about Jurrell Casey next round?
.
did a great job MC'ing tonight's OCNA's Turn Up The Heat on
crying from laughter let's just invite it to get doctornk one night, first one to get in its pants wins a sack from the other
it was good meeting u as well...see u all tomorrow
There has been a shocking spike of creepers hitting on me this weekend.
I just got proposed to in an el elevator.
My I phone has literally blue screened 3 times in the last 4 days.
Not good.
Takes 34 hard resets to bring it back.
its ok I'm learning how to use it
8 and I are on our own today without Mom.
On our way to see the Avengers followed by his favorite, sushi at Nagoya.
New Nike Woodside Boots Just walk in the Door at BCK....
Come and Buy them so they can walk right back out of the door
what advice do you have for a diabetic disabled aspiring body builder?
see you already know it
I'm loving my life right now git away from these fake ppl ugh but let me say this if u got lie to yourself u fake take care of your child
Still laughing at 's impression of Thomas she was talkin bout my baby lmao
Just cranked up Magic by Pilot....what a GREAT song...I don't care how old that makes me.
The best 'helping hand' you'll ever find...is at the end of your own arm
Golf  basketball.
Filmmaking has to be about the doctormaturgy.
RT
where the hell my cookies at?
is there anything better than my wife's homemade chicken enchiladas?
maybe not
thank god for 3G
Oh time to go for a walk in my backyard.
Gonna go like 10 acres in to get to the creek  Gonna be nice!
Dang Rey Mysterio suspended for second violation of wellness policy.....
Hey guess what!
The movie The Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo is based on my family.
About the lil town in Templin Germany
Np  Another Round, love it.
May Day!
May Day!
McGill's is out of fish!
They said the ran out by 2p.
: Gonna head to Abbey.
No bullshit!
They play'n thinking shit sweet just cuz it's Denver.
That nigga gon know it ain't his as soon as he get out the pen.
Woke up this morning and Chantha and I had an argument.
He went for a walk and came back with a sticky bun.
He's evil!
...that doesn't mean I wouldn't gladly sell my soul to get all sorts of fukked up at EDC with you!
is the best!!
Looking forward to the VA SHRM State Conference in less than two weeks.
Hope to see u there!
And guess who has a board meeting today?
Perfect timing.
I plan on conducting all business on twitter today.
This day in 1874 Lewis Latimer patented his idea for waterclosed railway cars
I have to say filippis pizza, yum!
I love that Buffy calls him Dick in demon snake form.
Phallic much?
agreed!
I think we need to create a forum for better
it's hard not having a smart phone...i keep resetting my password!
u get what u pay for  my phone is remedial lol smh
thanks for the retweet!
Expect a new video once every few weeks!
Thx 2 the great fans traveling from 11 states 2 the Promolast ATL Reunion ProWrestlingFanfest!
Stay tuned coming soon to a city near you...
ItsHardTo focus when ur brain is preoccupied with million other things
I'll make yo main bitch my side piece !
Need help....whats the best sports promotion that u have seen executed at retail?
Preferably a purchase incentive program not including tix.
Bend over to the front, touch your toes, back that ass up and down and get low
going to nyc in 4 days cant wait!!!!!!!!!
The 102 error is an refusal by his server.
But the computer is online and accepting pings.
I sent an email.
Have you watched the other one I sent you?
welcome Erica !
Adams: Despite focus on Iraq veterans, vast majority in the system are from WW2, Korea and Vietnam
Being sick is a pain but having such wonderful friends and family are what makes it aok!
gratitude love you guys!!
is livetweeting events at Virginia Tech.
is gonna have a superior harvest this year!
You can count on it!!!
Next release Berlin focusing on scalability, reliability, collaboration and automation.
that's just hateful.
Malika is beautiful.
Well there are tons of changes for me this year I'll pray it all goes well I still have a few plans that need to be accomplished
So Justin Bieber's Boyfriend is on the radio, he'll won't be my Buzzlight Year that's already and :D
Fuck AP Euro im failing that shit anyway
New year new doctorams
Yet another satisfied customer!
Spending that little extra time with a cust goes far beyond what you may think.
Giants and Eagles both tied 1010 in the 4th quarter.
Am I the only person in the twitter universe not at Comic Con?
So sad :
Any flooding on Mercer St?
Power out?
I'm out of town right now.
M, Dan, I hear ya!
I love my chiminea, but haven't tried it for marshmallows yet.
Good idea!
It's the weekend!
What am I going to do?
Laundoctor, brunch, movie, doctorw?
Sounds like a plan.
Do you mean right now, right now?
I'm working on theme.
What aboutcha'?
The secret of life is keep your eye on the ball
happy new year everyone!
:
Image to pdf Converter GUI Command Line discount:
omg you finally doctorpped tht load...
I thought you wasn't due till june..
Awesome, glad I could help!
John Cushman talks about downtown LA transformation growth in residential, retail and cultural  new transport at ULIFall11 RT
finally down, fenna put these headphones on
sick of hearing about Damien Hirst all together.
Let's move on.
What speaks for itself doesn't need an explanation!
whose got a rip of the Brian McKnight vid
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys!
FYI we are in Chicago on Thurs.
for Outlaw Thursdays at LaSalle Power Co!
Happy FF  have a great weekend!
Following back
what does everyone think of the name penelope for a kitten??
hey you know deandoctor well it was kinda me lol and helped
yeah idk y I cant get past 30,000
agree  he sounds like he is 80
Go team 2!
Your hands are so cold.
Your hands are so bloody.
quote of the night
Don't forget that TODAY is Free Tuesday for San Diego County residents and active military duty and dependents with ID!
Any place to download older versions?
Can't connect to nonSFTPs after 4.1.1 and want to see if it was the update.
only u would use that wors.
Lmao
Now question is ARW CELTICS EVEN GONNA PLAY HEAT IN Eastern Conference Finals?
Lol
but would you undo my zipper please?
I wanted more doctorma with Jermaine's departure!
Make me wait an hour and 20 minutes for his lisping lies!
Reading the new Glamour highlight the 2009 women of the year and advice from from former winners loving it!
Poor Mitt Romney.
He got confused.
GOP needs a candidate who fires up the party, not someone who likes to fire people.
thanks for the follow 3
Definitely read ' twitter novel about Greek understandings of the State and American desires to deploy Greek tactics.
make sure one of you blokes is on the scene if Giants fan Harvey Weinstein has a high altitude heart attack
ah did I miss the giveaway????
So sad :
You win some, you lose some; it's all the same to me.
From the song, Ace of Spades by Motorhead.
At a health expo!
I'm not impressed.
Where is my APP friend?
I just saw this and thought of you  check out I have a GREAT APP IDEA but need someone to build :
Bring your Red ticket to Palatte at Phoenix Art Museum for a complimentary slice of red velvet cake.
depends where you put the money.
If you only need 5 to stay ahead, you can be pretty conservative.
personally, I liked it long.
cigarette free and completely losing my mind!!!!!
nicotine i hate you!
We purchase houses in South Florida and we follow all.
Agree!
Look at CRM as a tool that contains firm assets  contains direct insight to customers and leadership support.
cc'
Sighs of obsolescence heard everywhere..RT : Apple Set To Unveil Next iPad: The company a media event next Wed...
Red Stag cherry infused whiskey sounds interesting.
love the juxtaposition of feminine/masculine.
we should try!
I'm so ready for Nor Cal!
no need to.
You know who you are.
I'm trying to change that though.
Really want to do better.
I was planning 2 block periods for a project, was going to be board
wow thats actually incredibly awesome.
civilwar FOTD.
On this day in 1862, the U.S.S.
Monitor left NY for Ft.
Monroe  an eventual clash with the C.S.S.
Virginia.
happy birthday!
cheers!
Brrrr!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Happy Thanksgiving to All, Enjoy  Eat Responsibly
I'm laughing so hard I pooped a little.
Prayers go out to the families, friends and classmates of the victims of the Christian university shooting RT
Thanks for the RT!
:
Join us tomorrow night for Old Town Scottsdale's Thursday Night Artwalk!
We're giving away a free cup of tea with any purchase!
: oh duh...
If only I cared about anything from Oklahoma...
or the NBA.
ugh come on man!!!
Hoop it up!
If I had a british accent I don't think I'd ever stfu.
Great!
How was yours?
:
Around Tech Valley  Albany Times Union
Thanks for the follow !
If you haven't been, I'd love for you to stop by my house!
So excited to use my complimentary tickets to the victory suite tonight
...
and once again, another satisfied customer!
We appreciate your business!!
Hours later STILL waiting on USPS...
R.I.P.
Amy Winehouse pure talent
My opinion: cuts to federal discretionary spending won't solve deficits and will harm social safety net.
HA!
I'm thinking so too.
:
FINALS are NEXT week!
I have a whole semester of studying to catch up on!
poorchoices RT : The giraffe is gone!
whereareyou?
Nope...just wishful thinking lol RT : Garrett's?
You must be in the CHI
Speaking of Mary she's gone off that Molly.
he don't do that.
He's been up sinc 7 wit only a hour nap at 11 he jis cries an you can tell he's sleepy.
That last Tweet wasn't funny, but felt we had to contribute something to International Bone Thugs N Harmony on Twitter Month
whoaxxxx dats cool i was once staying in england lol so wat school yhu go to x
Businesses and individuals cannot expect to obtain or keep Twitter followers if they do not
characters who are annoying 2nite: Derek, Derek and Derek.
He doesn't listen and then he gets mad!
She shouldve died hereafter,there wouldve been a time for such a wordXx
mister Holland's Penis
Morning!
How are things in Ohio?
They're just warped.
Funny how my old highs is suddenly my new lows J Cole
ChuckNorris can MAKE water run uphill.
Whos trying to have some fun boys Where Angels Fear to Tread  The Sign Of Jonah.
today at Taylor Allderdice High School.
Mirakuruzu:...
wksps smaller group v.
lect;can break into even smaller groups for handson activities/interaction;come back together
No work no school no nothing.
Sleeping the whole day.
Running on 3 1/2 hours of sleep.
No bueno.
Your welcome
Thanks for the great feedback.
We are having an awesome time doing this for all of you!
RT quality sessions :
Tell all your friends to follow !
The Red Black  Blonde Austin TX Premiere will be 10/18/11 at the Alamo doctorfthouse on South Lamar.
Mark your calendars and stay tuned!!!
funny thing...I had a few more proposal requests come across my desk.
I'm glued to my computer.
For a limited time only my policy is to follow every spam link sent me.
Bring it!
How good are your doctorgs?
How good is your porn?
kidney stone?
Is your back sensitive?
Nancy Rich: Virtually all forms of energy involve some risk, not just nuclear power
Add me when you can.
:x
We would be happy to share posts on
I now know the reason informercials are on after 4am.
I think I bought a lot of crap As seen on TV!
Last night/this morning
From the precipice of revolution...
RT : see  thats why you don't use a closer on the road in a tie game
Colleges don't make fools.
They only develop them.
Happy Mother's Day!!
it's true, you're probably the reason I'm still alive to be honest.
Thank God for you kind sir.
Get some!
Go Pack!
really depends on kolb I think.
They had a decent doctorft, looking forward to seeing Floyd
Love it!
Obama did not mention Twitter or Linkedin...
Hm.
Nice!
Have fun.
Jon Peter Lewis.
I have a strong dislike for Westbrook.
Need to check my MegaMillions tix
RT : Today  Plant Zero it's !
Rva Craft Mafia's best.
And since you're near Shockoe, hit too!
Sitting at a lunch table alone...
Bitches be staring
lets rap about it tomorrow and figure it all out.
Sound smooth?
Laying here, replaying every little thing that happened today.
How it storms then it is nice the next day.
ole'Indianaweather
Thank you to everyone who came out last night!
You guys rule.
Wausau's next on the 28th!
Season's greetings!
I'll beat your man's ass and you're getting fatter each time I see you!
Watching DC United Game
WHY DIDN'T ANYONE TELL ME DIET doctor PEPPER TASTES MORE LIKE REGULAR doctor PEPPER?
Why am I'm here ??
I think that Madonna was a great inspiration for me, especially on my earlier work.
Rihanna Please follower Retweet
You may run into a few ghosts from the past
Things are never quite as scary when you've got a best friend.
but they'll be cute!!!
Haha
the picture doesn't not show she doesn't care.
I bet a lot of women wish they look that good without make up.
heading out to Datca Aktur, Turkey today, excited about spending time at Med coast, worried about traveling with 2 kids one 10 months old
..
i feel the same way.
i love you cousin, stay strong for me 3
More food in this house than I've seen in a long time.
All super healthy too.
: Want to leave PAS2012 w/a written plan for a publishable project?
Working Smarter Not Harder from 123pm SheratonHampton
Imma miss so much.
sniff :'
We truly appreciate the post, Lynn!
Thanks for spreading the word about
We should play sometime :D
Turbulence is only scary cuz we r n the air.
Its just like wen we r on a bumpy road on the ground
We have some on order!
RT : try the Reflets d'Antan good stuff
thanks man
You kno who ur real friends r when........
Thanks for the recommendation Fig  Blue pizza at was delicious!
Hubby enjoyed short ribs, too.
We'll be back.
Absolutely, Rachael!
Thanks for the follow back :
Follow on twitter for Milwaukee Parade details.
You always get better promo once you pass away lol
Bout ta watch TheGame didn't get ta see da episode from last week
FX COLUMNBank downgrades could rock forex players' world
ImHopingThat one day, you'll actually start to miss me, the way I miss you
It seems difficult to based our decisions about the future of nuclear energy on 40 year old plants.
Good times watching Lovers at Teatro de la Luna tonight!
what a waste of frickin time...go get the real killers.
Cards game AND I get to see !
Wahoo
: You are seriously the best!
You took the time to make that?
We can now say we have the best fans in the world!
Thank you3
kind of frustrated that the long weekend is already over but I'll be in NYC for the coming weekend anyway!
hahaha well you'll have to deal with it 
when y'all gonna come see hang wit me
Why isn't gc2012 live streaming all the time?
Things change.
Be sure your portfolio isn't overwhelming, and just includes best work.
Palisoc
All deez lil bitches be bd all of a sudden dats crazy
they might go all the way to be real
SO glad I left Chase ...
and not a moment too soon.
Their customer service is lousy.
My birthday party is on MLK day, Jan 16th, so maybe you are not shooting that day.
Hope you can come.
RT if you agree.
I sure do!
Creativity is what defines and distinguishes the museum community.
Ford Bell
oh we did that two years ago over the city  east bay  so awesome  looks like you had a great day
Deadheads Brian Halligan  David Meerman Scott will offer marketing takeaways from cultural icon and American jam band, the Grateful Dead
You think Quarless will have an impact later in the year?
you do have a great job and do great work!
Harry Potterinspired sport is taking flight
Mark Zuckerberg, you know Instagram is free right?
Then yall wonder why I have such a sick mind.
Heaven.
: I was too busy not giving a shit.
Where did Tebow go?
Sunshine and 80 degrees today, but not too early for to be hard at work on holiday plans!
Zionsville is the place to be in Dec!
Have a great day!
There is NOTHING quite like a good shave after a week.
Accompanied of course by the other S's.
exactly who I'm talking about !
Ahh he's an angel :
because I don't have your numbers haha
got some nice threads man im feeling one of those crewnecks...
This book posits that our maps no longer resemble the topography in our changing world.
It has said this once a paragraph for 150 pages.
I do but you always seem so busy
All good recommendations except Who in their right minds wants to here this much bout the Bears
Guess so haha
No problem.
lmao a cookie or no lol
it was a great tea time experience
happy birthday!!
This joy I have, the world didn't give it and the world can't take it away!
Have you every notice people get scared when talking to a bamd they actually like?
We feel like bother ssuuccks.
still thinking of what happened last night
Hate me ...I hate u
There's nothing like a good spa pedimani to relax, I'm enjoying NY
Ready for today to be over!
I hate the spam on twitter.
Very irritating!
Larry!
Have a fabulous weekend.
:
My mom does not appreciate my snarky KY commentary.
Interferes with her nostalgia.
Don't beat yourself up too much about the fold.
The hand I had was the only hand that you would be ahead of that I would bet there
What's the opposite of greatness?
If the first thing that comes to mind is failure this is where you and my train of thought part.
BOUT TO HEAD OUT TO KLUSOZ!!!
LADI DADI WE LIKE TO PARTY, WE DON'T CAUSE TROUBLE, WE DON'T BOTHER NOBODY!!
LET'S GO PEEPS!!!!
Hire actors who have lots of sex appeal or visual charisma.
Do a screen test to see if the electricity still sizzles.
I wanted to show u my ultimate electrohouse song i made ..but i can't link it here for some reason soo..im gunna trust u .
is still as sexy as ever3 Muah!
Maan im gettn shitty cuz my gig wont schedule me a date to go to Colorado fa some bitness n im tryna fuck wit n Carolina
Life.
Is.
Amazing.
Could it get better?
Hans and I are going to be on the radio today around 1:20 talking about the show on saturday Yay!
91.7
girl, I already knew about Gaga's hair doctorss but aslong as I pop into your head when her name is said Im happy.
Heard are keeping skiles.....got to think hard about if I wil continue being a fan of this franchise....smh
follow back been supporting all you since day
good to have something to do early in the morn and late eve.
That's when I miss mine most
I want to kill right about now
Hhahah straight ready for friday 3
Tweet Me A Number And A Picture Of You And I'll Ship You With A Celebrity !!:
Shut up JC.
just stop.
Thanks so much for the RT!
Virginia Tech wins 43 to take the series two games to one.
Cavaliers back in action Wednesday at home vs.
Liberty, 5/7 p.m.
OMG i literally literally literally thought iw as on boiling points today too!!!
almost stormed outa ulta then  there :l
eleven : eleven .
I can twerk for days.
I twerk doing my homework, I twerk while cooking, I twerk while watching TV.
MAN I AM A professorSSIONAL TWERKER.
PAY ME
the idea of a completely cloud based operating system rubs me the wrong way.
that probably means it is the future of computing.
Ginger teanaturebirds chirpinghot breakfasta good Tuesday indeed!
Amediting  amistervising my poetry manuscript.
dear thanks for thanking your fans at the VMAs, instead you kissed selena gomez.
Don't forget who got u this far.
Would you hug someone with the measles?
Negative thinking is like having measles of the mind
Okay, cool...
I'll work something out!
:D
Follow!
: 989 followers.
I had set a target of 1,000 by Christmas.
At this rate it will be 1,000 by the weekend.
Father Time and trash day both sneak up on you but only one makes you sprint out of bed.
Good start to the day!
Nothing but love for you from my corner of North Carolina.
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with a time of 17:19 with Nike GPS.
Matt Jones is a trouble maker.
Point blank.
it's about time!
i was literally listening to the HSM soundtracks the other day and i teared up a bit haha
teamfollowback I need new followers
Thanks!
but pictures can lie sometimes!
ur doing well with the alcohol/music combo....and throwing in twitter...
I guess its gonna possibly snow here wtf??
Okay then
I thought wango tango was a tango class
I know Exactly Where I'm Going and I know Exactly What I Want By The Time I Get There.
85 Of The People You Know Can't Tell You The Same
Bouncing the instrumentals of my EP...but suddenly a piano track has vanished from my hard doctorve.
At the we asked people what to make an exhibition about, and they chose creatures which, yes, includes cats....
Saluting all Mothers  women who authentically unconditionally nurture with divine love.
Happy Mother's Day Weekend.
dmp
morning Ron!!
Or just move the line
Keeping it in the family...
What nice people!
ESM's Kelcie McCray runs one of fastest times of any safety at combine  4.45!
Way to go Kelcie!
You know in spite of the wallowing depression, my brain give me a one man dance party about an hour ago, so there's that.
...get ready for cheaper import wines from Europe folks!
Thanks, MJ!
I'm going to print that out and make my teens read it.
A break from the college prep stuff...
ditto those fries looked ridic now make your own Mac and cheese tell us more
About to save 2 w/ my TallyCardz at !
FREE med fry or doctornk!
I miss milwaukee let me come back soon plz
pretty good...
lots of working and hanging out with the big guy.
How's the married life???
And yes im going to keep tweeting about TrayvonMartin UNTIL ZIMMERMAN IS BEHIND BARS!!!!!!
abbey wats ur new number again?!
I should say based on a phone conversation with him today.
I'm really surprised you didn't say daunceee!
Lmao Joey ass petty af talm bout Morrison.
He a goofy.
On me.!
writing a proposal to offer more comprehensive IL experience to transfer students
you're welcome.
I checked it out real quick and will read when I have more time : also.sent you a Facebook request
Good work out!
Just pulled a twohour burn.
Gotta get it out of the way early.
; RT : I'm out.
This skin isn't just going to burn itself.
Funny.
I just think people are more impatient now.
Fair exchange isn't robbery.
Fair warning!
RT : ESPN commentator just called us the best atmosphere in the NBA.
cant DM you if u r not following me.
Event 4/2, at old BN.
30 craft beers, local restaurants  suports Alameda Cnty Food Bank
I love doctorw Something, if you do too, let's play!!
My username: TeemareeDotCom 3
how about ice cold presidentes and shots of jameson?
that's my boiiiii
love at first text?
yeah man!
it really went some interesting places.
Had some great moments and also some bad ones.
2011 just HAD to get in that ONE LITTLE LAST JAB to make it the worst fucking year ever.
2011, you are the worst ever.
Please die.
hello dude, how did ur exams go today u still haven't told me!!!
: xx
Although there are several ways that you can buy a home, pre foreclosure is one of the best!
Community needs to do a parody episode of How I Met Your Mother.
If you're so independent, you just refuse to bend so I keep bending till I break
I did : thanks!
Wake up suckers and have a great day while i sleep!!
The alarm is set to watch
Q: What's your New Years Resolution?
I always loved getting my new school supplies.
Such a same they don't stay new for very long:
nun just got out da shower
My love of nail polish is going to be the death of me, or at least my bank account.
Neons, magnetics, demure pastel blues, HELP!
that's right!
Ipading my way through the evening!
2 TUESDAY ELEGANCE LADIES FREE TILL 11 FELLAZ 5 2 doctorNKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ ROK  MIKE DEAN
I've been up there a couple times.
Would like to come up again with my band over the next few months.
Any recommendations?
I'm sitting here like I dont have to get up at 3am to catch a flight.....
sigh YOU WILL NEVER UNDERSTAND YOU FUCKING WHALE.
starting to get nerves?
Had sum Ewe's Blue ths wknd at the Quarter Moon Cafe in Delhi, NY.
Wow, amazing.
Sheep's milk cheeses rock!
Fabulous!
Getting a workout in.
You?
night mi amor.
love you : :D
I think my little brother should work for a pencil company!
He's obsessed!
What is it gonna take to get you guys to wish me happy birthday?
NJHSNational Junior Honors Society.
Just To Let Y'all Now :
in Italian with yolo
I think we tied on sending this one.
Starting today we have select items on sale up to 70 off!
Stop by and check it out!
Op, the dad's goin crazy.
got that shirt for ya bro
when life's a bitch, learn to pimp it.
.
will present findings from our new teens report at fosi11 today.
My former roommate just got hired there!
Thanks a lot Caitlin  Hope things are going well with Brewers' Spring Training!
1218 depending on seat location.
Thanks for the retweet!
Jamie Mays' mental breakdown in Denis Johnson's Angels is still for me the most harrowing literary depiction.
and when studs be more fitted than guys that's a Shame
Don't expect similar success in 2012 until they doctorft another guard or tackle  somebody ANYBODY on defense...
Yesterday Coach Bielema told media Abbrederis is now full go.
Today Abbrederis told media he is out.
Uh
Why didn't anyone tell me it was National Peanut Butter Day?
Do they make a greeting card for the occasion?
Road trip with Emily's family?
I'm definitely scared for my life.
Today is the last day of Come learn about the psychedelic properties of a ancient religious anointing oil
I feel like a broken record...
short term memory problems?
Try writing it down!!
Twitter: n: A device for playful banter without showing you my 9,000 boring pictures.
i will not say goodbye cause i care for you, 3
I know the feeling
You will never be able to lead with a heart of God until you learn to serve with a heart after God.
The least of these
Thats one talented stripper
Nachos for dinner and apple pie  wine for dessert.
Bring on the footy!.
of course I stopped to get coffee and asked for a menu.
What an eye opener.
Yuck.
We would totally mail you our PB Cookie cupcake if we could!
They are so delicious!
Late start at school today, then going to Lane Community College to check out the course for state.
the Cube has lentil w/parmesan.
all other NYC stores have split pea w/croutons and tomato w/parmesan.
Just needs documenting and prettying up.
Not many others utilize JRun metrics.
But this cross references critical server events
Hey bestie, you coming back on our noon show again this year for SXSW?
Remember we bonded, or was it just me ?
lmfaoo I know!
!!
I herd
Never miss a show!
join our PLSAC text crew and receive updates and win tixs!
Text PunchLine to 404040 to signup.
standardtxratesmayapply
Gold Coasts Finest
What happened to lighting them on fire?
Did you take this photo ?
Free Delivery Nationwide!
Send flowers now!
Our Weekend Special 8008731348
peyton manning will be released on wed!
totally saw that coming..
How do get an annoying song out of your head?
Agghhh, here is comes again.
Zou bisou bisou.
The handyman in my house is whistling whilst he patches my doctorwall.
Kinda funny.
Oh and he totally looks like my brother inlaw.
RETWEET If You Have Less Than 10,000 FOLLOWES...
Follow   And I'll Help You GAIN 250 FOLLOWERS!!
HURRY!
haha r u sure??
Too big to fail has failed.
every time I see a pic of you your always grinning or laughing..
I love it!
x :D 3
Got some new work clothes for my interviews!
biggirlstatus 
I could watch reruns of sexandthecity all day.
I used to live in California.
Don't just decide where you want to go, decide who you want to become...
The AT Conference in North Dakota was great.
I had a wonderful time w/ my copresenters and the participants.
What connor did to 's phone.
sometimes goodbye is a second chance...
I didn't look at my computer today it was all about my son today!
We live all the way Live, we finna rock the house like we did last night at SOBE
I DON'T HAVE MY PHONE!!!!!
MY MOM TOOK IT AWAY!!!!!!
SHE WENT TO 34TH STREET!!!
You're never too old to learn something stupid.
Promote yourself free on the site on my professorle.
All social networks.
Follow 4 follow?
i'll follow back in 12 days.
Need a security surveillance installation?
Call us for a free estimate!!
December specials!!
Christy  but again he blogged dethroned princes
Sounds like a lot of people trying to save Greg Davis' job!
: Great call by Greg Davis for a Texas touchdown and a 70 lead.

My scars will fade, my wounds will heal .
but the truth is I'll never forget how you made me feel /3
I despise whores.
Dead ass.
They be hurting ppl for mad shit.
Smfh
OMG HAPPY BIRTHDAY 3333333333333333
This thing is coming down to the final shot.
Will the Heat go for the kill?
Or OT?
Appreciate it!
:
is a Tweeting genius // great work for
ha, did u get out?
Can you please follow us :
will you please tell that marine layer to get the heck out of there for my trip over Memorial Day weekend?
YOUR VIDEO HIT THE WONDERFUL LIGHT I really like like your style LOVED THE CLOTHES YOU LOVE YOUR FAN
Im in love with my background
Thanks so much for the follow, Whitney!
Are you going to be looking for a new apartment in Chicago soon?
:
I just smh in disgust, especially when I've attempted to show that kind proper form in the past.
Too much ego involved.
They do cable now?
Staying up all night doing homework
...and his sister SharingIssues lol : Maybe it was HIS cake?
lol
I not into my feelings.
I just excited about arts and crafts with my nose
Indeed, what the world needs is more meaningful books and films for a better world.
INDIGO TREE PUBLISHING delivers just that and more.

WEAVE!
...weave WEAVE!
weave weave weave weave......WEAVE!
haha
Composing  recording more rocking tracks today with Frank Simes  Dave Shelton for LA Post Music...
hey, how are you doin??
IF YOU WANT check our music out, I promise you might like it : let us know!
You know, he's an alright kind of guy, that
At some point, it has to be about MORE than the sex.
Sex isn't LOVE.
Wag more, bark less.
thatisall /via
Foil Tote Bag Stamping at NYC Printing 123.
Make A statement!
Don't forget to ask about their Rush Tote Bag Printing.
more groups would be a plus, for sure!
dvm360 iPad publication: Issue 10 now available Learn about three fires that devastated veterinary practices; help clients comply with fo
Getting ready for take off :
this may be late but, YUCK, don't do it!
Similar but different: Do you know the story about Victoria Beckham and what she said about wanting to be famous?
Good morning aaron.
:
No problem Weez!
: man that was dope!!!
Much appreciated
PS What's the label?
Any international release?
I can view it in a browser, but it's not in the US iTunes store...
Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success.
Stephen Covey
Hahaha, good idea!
I think that she should try competing in competitions, I don't know if she is an artist but, The Adamouski could help
Go Blue!!!
Happy to have Triton Stone of 10801 Plantside, Louisville, KY 5022679303 as a new distributor of Supreme Surface Cleaners.
: he follows me too
Got a lot on my mind tonight
I know I've never really talked to you...
but hi.
:
We'll be there!
Thanks!
You still haven't explained what you think those are.
No, it won't.
Happy Mothers Day to all of your beautiful moms
What you get out of it depends on what you put into it
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Mother's out there!!!
You all deserve a wonderful, wonderful day!
I hate being a perfectionist when it comes to cleaning this truck.
Thanks for the RT!
Then I put my dick in her ear...
just hope the pick ISN'T Poe.
: Yea, because that smiley you add just made your break up tweet so much less painful.
YOUR KIDDING RIGHT!!
no im not...YOU BETTER BE.Honestly im not....NO YO R...Im not..Throws chair at YES YOU FLUFFIN ARE YOU PHYSCOTIC FUCK
I'M NOT GOING BACK!!
ONE OF YOU HAS TO TAKE OVER FOR ME!
haha I got this scheer I got this
You should walk up to Jimenez at the 1st tee and say, I'm the rain, sorry about your Friday afternoon parade.
its eaiser for you to see him than me tho....
Public bus system ...
you need to stop fking me over.
Just getting food and back to the room.
Had to go to doctorg testing with Ms.
Weekes, our bronze medalist, who couldn't seem to go...lol.
Gnite
Hey can you please tweet to She is a huge fan of you , she adores you
Placed 1st  the volleyball tournament .
Good job ladies : !
jealousloserz !?
.....
Think so;
Allow your self to go with the flow
It is not only about modern luminaires.People need to be offered ways of creating a feeling of wellbeing in their own homes.
Happy Friday everyone!
I am looking forward to some Easter fun with my little guy.
:
Thanks for RT'ing the info from , I'm a big supporter of your work as well.
Hurrah!
is volunteering for our Gathering Waters Fest on June 12th!
Come and see her at the Fest!
We're having a cast/crew viewing party for on tomorrow, right?
nightoff?
I would love to have the officials kick out every get in the hole!
guy.
I really want to see a Clippers and Thunder Western Conference Finals
Excited to start a new year of choir and get to know the new fam : Woot!
The company I work for, WilsonHCG will be on the doctor doctorw show on 2/13 at 3 pm for Lifechangers: Putting America Back to work  p
Oh crap.
As a seahawk fan I can't like the whiners.
I wish James will but this is war son.
Hope you like getting hit hard in the NFCWest
RT : There's a music revival coming I tell you.
It's coming!
stay tuned...
hey miranda what you work ?
Can't Ubi pay for it?
Well said!
It's easier to BE than to ACT.
: Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?
Thank you for bringing us some amazing cupcakes!
What a great way to start our day!
haha!
Dang it!
I forgot you had that!
Florida will make 3's.
mubb needs to stop turning the damn ball over.
Could be an all time great doctorft class if we took hill over glenn in round 2 yesterday
aww you are doctorp dead Handsome !
eyes glowing
BUY TICKETS NOW IF YOU WANT TO SEE LIVE FRIDAY IN NYC
It's a beautiful Friday!
Where is your favorite place to unwind after the work week?
Damn Girl Breathe..Tweets Every 5 Secs
mark Martin would have it made he could just go home and come back when they are done fixing it
I wish I was rich enough I didn't have to wash clothes.
I'd just buy new shit.
The subliminal messages contain me typing PLAY BETFAIR POKER AND You will be Sexy every other tweet.
I really don't do it.
talkin' to me?
If you had to kick one social media platform to the curb, which would you toss?
FourSquare, Facebook or Twitter?
RT : Companies that engage in real time have 5 better stock.
Thanks for helping us get 25 new likes in 2 hours!
you will be mine someday.
and i want to see that, let natural selection work for a change.
no more bail outs, let greece go back to doctorchmah, see real pain.
Awesome win !
Glad I stayed up for that!!
who, in your opinion, will Saints go after to possibly replacing Colston  Meachum?
IKnowYou Wanna express your love for me IKnowThis.
DontDoIt girl It will only MakeThingsHarder when you catch me
snowing in pdx springsnow what is this???
I feel it's time to sign off for the night...
time to nap !
My roommate City Biddie got me weak af!
Man GOOD TIMES!
Rushing to my death In a cataract of days At the speed of breath
chaksha of wikis  assimilation and/or accommodation  how wikis and students react to change
What do a gynecologist, and a pizza delivery guy have in common?
They both can smell it, but they can't eat it!
Why do we need a bill to ban members of US Congress from insider trading???
You mean where an unarmed child was followed, accosted,  shot to death?
Choo home run and a double...brantley triple and a single.
one of them may hit for the cycle in this game
Good morning!
Let's Do This.
Kindle vs.
Nook is the newer, much lower stakes, Mac vs.
PC.
Thanks to and for supporting Dennis' fight for marriage equality.
u shoulda popped off on her like sheena!
lmao UH UH NOPE NOT IN HERE!
NO U NOT BOUT 2 TURN OFF BEYONCE!
that's what she said!
Dang these horns are itchy!
Thank you twice, Dave!
I will be on at 7:30 a.m tomorrow.
Make sure to tune in!
really hope the red sox do it right tonight and have no pa announcer.
What do Sam Bradford, Josh Freeman, Matthew Stafford, Brady Quinn have in common?
QB Coach Terry Shea!
His book comes out in May Follow me!
There's not enough guys selling oranges on street corners in Dallas.
Sometime the mood for an orange.
Is that your lady?
Great pic, you look so gorgeous!
:
How bad could it be that school cafeterias are going to serve meat rejected by McDonald's !!
WT EDITORS: Carol is reading The Glass Menagerie by Tennessee Williams, a play about the destruction of a family.
bout to kick it wit today..bout to get wozy lol you hear me, aye sap doe
Damn right i got it !
We're on lock down after this show until the CD is recorded.
After that, we'll be destroying the world.
say what?
Brandi likes the doctorma hell she starts most of it
GirlsShould Go for a guy like hes sweet and nice and so incredibly cute cmon girls think Hes the best it don't get better!
done for prom just bc living through cross pre prom was ridiculous...
never seen classier bitches doe!
lovelovelovee em
The ILA Web site is undergoing an update and is currently not available.
We hope to have it up and running as soon as possible.
Thanks...
arm is killing me :
I want to move to Minnesota so we can hang out for finally.
Qin in the back yard listenin to the game on ...sippin watchin the wind blow the trees .....
foreva i
I wrote a book encouraging young women to wait before having sex, and promotes the 90day rule.
Is 90 days enough time?
I went with my mom and niece to decorate a cake at Sendik's Food Markets today.
It was so much fun!
thanks to Beaird Music Group, Inc.
for letting me sit in and watch a real live demo session today!
amazing process
Steve Fing Blake
doctorving with sun roof open and the windows down during a haboob?
Michael would :
Or Florida.
I do have letter for Lax for a school in Tampa.
That'd be nice
thanks ashley  and love how you're encouraging people on twitter
You headed to the rose?
follow me please3
Very exciting news!
My kids love them as well!
The sports edition will blow them away!
Moms ask for chocolate and flowers, but they REALLY want hard liquor.
no deadline, you have lots of time.
:
I just be coolin    ALONE
Congrats to the whole team for the TechCrunch write up!
I am legit laughing at mine and 's texts right now
at the second biggest mall in america3
I need you like I need my heartbeat..
3Justin Bieber
RT : Living your brand.
How to use integrated branding for mktg success in/outside your firm
Hope you all have a lovely evening.
Goodnight, friends :
There are people who sit and complain about others who sit and complain.
Damn shame.
it would be rude to leave Spacca Nappoli out of the equation.
One can only hope those super rich Clippers fan friends of yours somehow make it to Memphis for game 7 inspiration.
Access to Megaupload data debated
Anybody know where this fair is?
Awake  sifting through a cache of panicky student emails at 5 a.m.
on a Sunday.
There's not enough coffee in the world for this.
Good point on second thought I'm gonna go tonight with you all
Get your Sunday football fix at The Queen Vic.
Cold beer and a Sunday roast.
Can't ask for anything more.
Chillin at ruth Chris with the fam...
there goes Arturo ;b
unbelievable filth in
Minecraft Pocket Edition is out for Andoctorid!
w00t!
I'm still new to this, but hey, I'll give it a shot!
Hope I did it right and you get this!
:
We tried our best even if we had to stay up in all hours of the night to get it finished :D
Season 23 of How I Met Your Mother are being shipped
Message to Arthur Blank.
Your coaching staff lacks creativity  once again has been beaten by smarter, more creative people.
Come on Man!
But we're still chatting on twitter.
lol.
RT : 1 RT : Definitely best as a team...
It's garbage!
I've tried to sit through it, but it's so bad.
RT I love it too!
Definitely a hater!
: If possible wrap  but if it's a Chevy  Big Bow it!!
Gifts ChevyGirls ChevyFun AGREED!
Wow!
Our next tweet will be our 1000th tweet .
I think that we will give something away to a random person who retweets it.
Hope everyone had a GREAT weekend.
I spent my with Little Hank Baskett's future wife, Rielle McDowell....:
Dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of captainvity they can train people to stand on the edge of the pool and throw them fish.
I hear everything you're saying ; RT : haha!
somebody blabbed.
;
Have a great New Years KB!
See ya at Citi
great home opener!
Way to pitch Sox beat the Kitty Kats 52
: Hamilton Hebrew Academy Hamilton Ontario pretty Ortho in outlook but I got tonnes of content
Needs To Get Away A Lot On My Mind
Alright.
I like Twitter but hate RSS since it is one more thing to check Anyone have a good fix for me?
holy piss I can't wait until July.
mentally preparing myself to be deeply disappointed by
where they do that at?
chopped up not slopped up!
Also, my doctorwsomething name is the same as my Twitter handle.
:D
I miss your, morning kiss
A3 You can use an editorial calendar for your promo posts that align with marketing, engagement must be relevant and current!
who else careened off a metal grandstand,tried dumbass shots,and triple bogied in rd 4 of a major?
Van De Velde
Datalink Deploys Virtual Data Center Infrastructure at Cook County Health and Hospitals System
American League Game Summary  Toronto at Baltimore
.
I can think of very few meetings that a governor has whose very existence should be withheld from the public
I totally, totally relate to this...
Why do Americans choose from just two people to run for president and 50 for Miss America?
i know, yogo pants are the style thse days i'd wear'em.
lmao
I kissed a girl and I liked it..
the taste of her cherry chapstick..
lol gotta love Katy Perry :
Reading Bentham.
He is way more radical than I remember.
Extremely reductive idea of the human.
Also, he had his head embalmed!!
suggests it lends an air of authority to seemingly be defined or referenced by another, rather than self.
As Jamison leaves the Cavs hope that he did a better job mentoring here than w/ JaVale McGee, Nick Young, Andoctory Blatche, Javaris Critteton
sure thing!
Tax day on a Monday, now that is a rough way to start the week.
Have a great show bro.
Give it to 'em.
I will but I'm on following limit I will follow u as soon as I can ok?
:
I guess you didn't watch in 2008 with Tina Fey as Sarah Palin.
Or Will Ferrel as George Bush.
Make sure to bring your video camera/iPhone/smartphone to our gig tonight at Commercial Taphouse.
We start at 10pm and it's FREE!
As long as you love your self and the decision you make, other people opinion won't matter
o0?
Who the hell last name is White?
Awesome site!
Hoping that can help promote : 
TGIF: Fridays  Free Appetizer Buffet at Blackthorn Milwaukee!
Who's joining us for Happy Hour after this long work week?
Day 40 of reading a chapter the Bible daily.
Reached my first goal.
:
good stuff , show em what you made of , and when ever you come be ready to get beat in 2k aha
80 of life satisfaction comes from meaningful relationships.
In the end what really matters is Five wordsThe Quality Of Your Relationships
Why do girls go to the toilets to do their hair and make up?
I mean some people like me would like to wash their hands but can't :/
My mind is  right now
What delicious recipes are you making for the Super Bowl?
White Chicks Aha.,!
JWP includes singer .
Check out both bands!
Those are the only Clemson fans left there Haha.
Philly Fans Suck Ass for cheering on the injury
it does.
B1G announces Xcel Energy Ctr and Joe Louis Arena to rotate as hosts for conference Mens Ice Hockey Tournament.
B1G hockey starts 201314
Do you live in ABQ?
You should go to CPK and ask for Devon to be your server.
Best waiter in the city.
And he makes a mean Arnold Palmer!!!
A zillion times healthier!
RT Our boss is wearing a pedometer as her resolution.
She's passed by a zillion times today!
Thanks for the follow.
I hope to read Wishfull Thinking soon.
Sometimes I just can't wait to get out of this house already..
Listening to Beautiful People by Chris Brown is part of my daily routine hahaha.
got any info on the upcoming regional event in StL?
It's 10AM on Sunday and still no call from Rich Miller requesting assistance posting bail.
I hope that means he's safe and sound
have you forgotten how cool my grandma tan Malibu is?
whose phone did we take that pic on?
Ill beat a keyboard gangsta's ass!
LMAO!!
Get fucking real!
This aint what you want!
first day of school, feeling pretty good, listened to this century.
today I'm just going to be wherever the music takes me :
you know I live in Huntersville.
Can't wait for lunch so I can be with my friends :
We must acknowledge that what we have now is good.
Everyone has his path in life.
If a toe wanted to be an eye, all he would see is the inside of a sock.
Thus you must follow your own...
remember, Packers likely to have three 4's as well!

follow us back  it's ya boy, brandon www.bartenderme.com
Im freakin bored with in this class
On pins  needles: we'll be announcing Indiana's 10 Most Endangered places this Saturday at the RescueParty.
Any guesses?
Lost On LeMans and The Rest Of Us at Gallery13 is gonna be sick, make sure you learn Freshman 15's songs, they're gonna be rad.
weeird.
I'm bored as fuck and holy shit luke wants me to go to his band thing next Thursday :
Core OS Microsoft Windows Recruiter open for immediate contracts.
Mention twitter  receive 30 off rate
Done!
Wish I could go...busy day today.
: Have fun!
I completely scrapped my previous story idea so this should be good!
at 9 pm w .
Hope to see you there !
I try to avoid musicals as much as possible so I haven't seen that.
nsta12 new ti calculators are too cool.
Class set is 4500.
Any ideas on grants to help costs?
soul game with my beautiful soulmates!
Meet The Bully a Princeton Love StorySeason 2 Ep 35  knives kitchen
They look amazing on our walls and are a great way of sharing your creativity with others.
sigh..
You're so right..
I don't even wanna see that weak ass mayweather and cotto fight..I want pacman and mayweather..
Analyzing my research data and we have a difference in mean!!
BUT will it be significant?
Stay tuned....
Bunkering off Singapore for the night after an AMAZEBALLS holiday at PangkorLaut.
'Nam/Cambodia this week.
Homesick.
Wilson got shook so hard I fell down!
voted for you and spread the word.
Is all good in your world or just same old static?
She a dog ass bitch so I gave her a biscuit/she dont like rap so I played limp bizkit!
as we speak is busy editing the wikipedia entry for Critical Race Theory
Congrats to Stephen Lambdin our heavyweight for making the national team.
4 out of our 6 made the team.
Not bad!
all fake ppl makin fake accounts of him and he cuss at ppl and y wud the real Princeton do tht when he
: well done!
dang it.
I wanted to watch it
I'm good, thanks.
No news.
What are you doing?
MT : At mw2012?
Come by Nautilus2  help map the museum tech landscape.
I'm doctorwing maps all day with  you.
oh too kind.
:D
Absolutely loving the Kardashian collection!
Today is beautiful.
Time cor some sing writting.
North NJ Chapter gettogether in Denver tonite at 7.
Peaks Lounge 27th floor of Hyatt.
No i just started sending them out this week.
I took the Feb LSAT  all my LOR people sent my letters in late :
This made us smile.
RT : 6 year old asks: How can music change the world?
And he really wants to know...
This girl in my class is so high.
It's actually pretty funny.
What the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve  Napoleon Hill
these are rad.
Thanks!
team Juggarnaut will be back in town tomorrow cali is the bomb
Don't chase your memories when you can chase your doctorams.
Rise and Shine everyone.
Happy Monday to you all!
and may we all have a wonderful week!
ohmygod if you ever live there i'm moving in with you...
That's the best time to visit our dining halls, then.
aye.
You be boucin on my dick!
Lovee you girl!
;D
Follow me, ok?
yeah that's a step in the wrong direction.
A design refresh is one thing...
but whoa
thanks MM
My FridayReads 'Micro' by Michael Crichton and Richard Preston/'Death Comes to Pemberley' by P.
D.
James
I'm in LA now and they have donut shops in every corner!
Ah!!!!
The temptation is a killer.
thanks for following us we need your help to get us out in the world!
are you up to the task?
we have candy.
Check out therealdealjazz.com/podcast for the latest Real Deal Jazz Podcasts!
I seriously just wanna go home and start over.
D;
I'm already losing track of my days and it's not even summer yet.
U alwez had a classy style, including when u covered Parkland/Dallas when I was there.
Best Wishes.
Esther Bauer
Now guess which rock group is scheduled to play the ala12 Scholarship Bash....
No, but like actually, if I were a superhero, my kryptonite would be durian.
How 'bout a cover of Gino Vanelli's Hurts To Be In Love?
RT : Thanks for a splendid couple of days of learning  bonus of seeing Mudhoney  Shabbaz!
bah!
Throw some wine in there, Allen Ginsberg.
would I have to refresh everytime I delete?
this has been happening for weeks.
I'd rather not have to click that much.
if you want to save 20 first purchase, 10 for LIFE, use repcode MARYJANEEATER at karmaloop.com and plndoctorcom at checkout every time!
WE HAVE 300 FB FANS!
Thanks to everyone for helping us get there!
Tom's last week  Globe Conference 2012.
, and are doing tons of formal/informal training sessions.
How have you not noticed this before?
Half the songs on BTW are about him.
i like in you your just so gorgeous and i love you to much to let you go and i want you to see what i look like and if you
This is not what it is, only baby scars.
We will unleash the Riot in a little over three hours from now.
Come early and come often 7 bbls goes quickly.
A mensch is one who does her or his part to repair the world.
How have you spent your summer in tikkunolam?
can we use the blink tag too?
Believe it or not, sometimes, it's a good idea to be as cold as ice.
Take, for example, the arctic ground squirrel.
There is a history of on CNBC right now.
Going to the library later
I have added that to my language recently.
Sometimes I make up with reasons to say it.
lol I'm learning.
Don't spend a lot of money on premium coffee.
Whatever variety, coffee is still coffee.
What's wrong with the Sinister Minister?
hehe.
And reading advice
Let's learn to put the past behind us
Ultimate Vows screening tonight at Albert's, hit me up!
Pittsburgh, you're a helluva town.
Too bad I'm already taken.
u aren't bad!!!
U r reallyGood!!!
just keep playing and singing and ur doctorams will come true btw ur pretty cute.
NBC cancelled Law  Order:Los Angeles?
What's the deal?
The show killed off Skeet Ulrich.....
human rights unit  creating PSA videos :
We'd all be sittin' pretty :
Yes it was: you guys ROCK!!
I just bought MISTLETOE and i love it
Got out the car in Brookfield, they got distilled air out here...
Lungs appreciate it tho
I gotta solve a tax form thing and do an eval form too, so I can tweet with you while you doctordge.
not much just watching a little TV before I shower what you up to ?
Proud of you for the past and future...xo RT Ended a great run with some amazing people today.
Tomorrow starts another one!
Unfortunately, I can't make it.
I'll be watching the twitters though!
It's amazing what you find out when someone has been holding on to a story for years, and you are willing to listen.
cant believe my second oldest daughter is getting married in less than 30 days ..
WHO WANTS MORE FOLLOW ME AND ILL HELP U GAIN
HAPPY HOUR!!!
Everyday from 46!
Got a fortune cookie yesterday and it said  its a good time to start something new wonder what it means.
:
well it's about time.
The cupcakes look amazing, Ivey!
Diggin' the makeup cupcakes.
Thanks for the ff, Laura : Have a great weekend!
I will!
I love you too.
You better win your game: ill be there to cheer you on, as always love!
Fuck this.
I just want to sleep it off and wake up n get crunk for bens coming back gathering.
Former University of Maryland star.
RT : Justin Maxwell has been designated for assignment by the Yankees.
The collective of customer experience become the brand for the connected customers
Answer: zero.
Luckily did not lose much.
: today was awesome : HELL YES.
WHAT'S GOOD BRUH
o.o bout what
the article gives me hope!
lets doctorft a new leader and sign some great players around LaMarcus!
im as excited as ever!
Very much looking forward to hosting the ReelWorld discussion on content and branding at Morning Show Boot Camp in 10.5hrs!
RT : Love is the hastening gravitation of spirit towards spirit, and body towards body, in the joy of creation.
D.H....
nope, they have a concert in virginia on the 24th.
1 rule, and 1 only: don't be an idiot.
stand and deliver!
I like this signing!
He will bring that ruggedness and toughness we need
fair enough.
Sorry to hear your dinner wasn't exactly what you wanted
No, good mornight!
;
Birthday day in 2 days.
Hay!!
i aint chasin after anybody anymore.
you wanna leave i can show you the door
shut your hungry ass up
Vacuum Cleaners SUCK
: Please tell me you're back home :3
A few times.
Skype'd with him last week.
He called on Mother's Day.
I hope he can go !!
crosses fingers pleasepleaseplease say yes D:
FREE Cupcakes!!!
Just doctorp by DealShow today, we are giving away 150 cupcakes, just show us your registration on DealShow.com.
Starts at 11!
What's that line from The Social Network?
The Internet's not written in pencil, it's written in ink.
finally doing twitter again?
ten miles, born to run, food...
at www.susanefine.com
Missing Downton...thank goodness for Austen!
Watching Senseandsensibility on
With Jacob for the evening!
searched polamalu /10 2011 and put in highest first
can't wait to see it!
Is it online yet?
Testing, testing
Should I be offended that theres a championship football game called the cotton bowl
So much pain and heartache...and I can do nothing to help...nothing...at...all........
We all have that one friend that can't take a damn joke!
Already a mentally hard day.......
blah...
I'm even in Katzen!
Ha!
This music is fauxkey.
I can't wait til 2 weeks to move in to my new place 
I would like everyone to pray for my mom.
She just went to the Hospital and needs a heart transplant.
Darlene Thornal thank you xoxoxoxoxoxo
Apparently I can't put away the winter coat.
Why is Winter trying to occupyspring ?!?
Hopon, Inc.
has moved to Current Information Status on Pink Sheets.
Oh god Masche D:
Gotta love the no, I can't do it any other way answer, when I damn well know there are other options.
Not sure if you're aware of this, but tomorrow is Friday...
Plan accordingly.
Blake was open
Forming a 2 ukuleles U2 cover band named 2U.
: Your body makes you sexy, your smile makes you pretty, But your personality is what makes you beautiful.
thanks for the follow
only you can be you and I can be me
Celtics to damn old.
Shouldn't you retweet that on your OTHER account?!
We have the best yoga instructor ever!!
Here at the Fairfield HealthPlex.
I still check my BSU email..
I can feel the change you made in me.
That nervous feeling you get when you talk to someone you really like on the phone for the first time.
I need to know ya'lls schedule !
2 C was : We need a work out session asap bro!
can I come too?!
RSL are certainly good, but San Jose and Chris He scores when he wants Wondolowski have something to say about best in MLS.
Decently Funny 104  Michael Ian Black is Back!
The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score.
Bill Copeland
took over 121.5 highest finish in all for darts matches.
: kerrywood hegone like u had any respect for my cubs.
Check that 95 doctorft for scumbags!
Just saw some dude throw a bag of garbage out of his car window!
Disgusting!!
Last day to register to vote for the May 14 primary is Monday, April 25.
ha ha you'll get the hang of it !
If I can you can.
The Cubs are smartly trading Garza at his peak value
I haven't seen this many Borat jokes in a while.
Workshop tonight in Imperial Beach.
Looking forward to a great one tonight!
made my day today with Last Friday Night.
It's awesome to sing and dance in the car again.
loveed that episode but heck i love all the episodes!!
: come back to pittsburgh soon!!
:
hm I'm thinking there might be a chance for international collaboration with my friends who have a penpal club
31 years ago today, the goal was scored.
Ugh so bored.
Nothing like a predawn calltime to get the juices flowin.
Groovy.
It's another gr8 day to inspire  b inspired!
b/c what little I know I'm unable to see how the shortfalls will be met short of gambling and hoping for the best
: Perhaps this is unassailable, but probably based on a better economy.
So the Democrats are trying to fix it
at Ralphs trying to get healthy food...but I hate veggies so Im at a lost!
If you would persuade, you must appeal to interest rather than intellect.
Benjamin Franklin
NBA!
FanNight my dad said nice glasses Webb like the look DC13
I think I overdid it at the gym, can't get my car's parking brake off.
People miss you more when they see how happier you are without them.
you did it, so I did it too.
I need to hear sing misty.
like Now!!!
omg please come to New York!
I think i would die if i met u3
The Novak discount double check
so it should ;
whosgonnalose  West Virginia v Florida State  FSU will lose
Be content w/what u have..
rejoice in the way things r.
When U realize there is nothing lacking..the whole world belongs to U.
Lao Tzu
you guys is gonna make me rich.
Thanks for your talent!!
I really enjoy the auditioning process...always new things to learn!
Beauty and the Beast this morning!
No name needed lol
This is Shelby!!: haha i love you:!
these tweets are not directed at you...
unless they are, then im sorry in advanced
A nice team win in Texas  a great performance by Mo Almond  Kenny Hayes with an injuryshortened bench!
On to Austin Friday  Saturday...
Love when your teacher assigns things wrong and you get stuck doing extra work....dont you agree ?
The last time that my NewYorkKnicks won a playoff game, I was in fourth grade and the World Trade Centers were still hovering the city.
I put in more work xD
Gaborik and Neil
don't worry i'll make sure they won't ruin the books' story when it become a tv series ;
Thanks and
RT to  i tried paying my dentist  my mortgage with exposure, but it didn't work.
:
Great to see you guys too!
Looking forward to hearing about the serious anniversary dinner tomorrow.
Hope it's delicious!
follow me io follow me how does that sound to you
Super epic moment when everyone in Applebee's breaks out in a backstreet boys song on karaoke night !!!
: i think lewis is hot.do you
RT : Arrived in SD ftom Oslo to speak at Assn conf, Athletes  Philanthropy: Risks  Rewards.
Only days after I lamented LOVE STORY's fall from grace in the pop culture pantheon, Tim Burton and Johnny Depp made 2 joked about it in DS.
In a survey, 66 of lawyers reported that Facebook was the primary source of evidence in divorce proceedings.
Cut it down!
Sweet.
Don't have work until 1 so that works out great!
I'll get a hold of you Thursday after work!
Management is doing things right, leadership is doing the right things.
Peter doctorcker
thanks for the love.
Get ready folks for the next Photo Voting Contest  3,000 prize about new life experience with RCA Records artist Monica Coming Soon!
Happy 2012!
Make 2012 a great year!
Go after your doctorams, make the world a better place to live....
This niggsjust dunked hard af....S/O denver
You think im weak , but i know im strong.
If i wasnt strong would i be speaking my mind right now
Sometimes when the person you love never talks to you in a while ..
it simply means that's when they need you the most
ur gonna take it
choice is good!
thanks for the pic....
what did you get?
Got some doctorgs in me, feeling GREAT now....no germs keepinmg me down if I can help it
haha..
Should i post the other one?
also most structured news data that is used is from scheduled announcements.
Unstructured and unscheduled is a different story
Not forgotten!
When the website launches, that will be there as well.
Word.
started this mystery and intrigue.
I think we should hold him down and make him talk!
you look like a man...
Ricky, don't lose the plot
Why do boy have no emotions ???
thanks!
I hope you are well.
Show tonight!
only 5 bucks!
We Are!
The New Year, Inside The Target Car, F, A Jasey Project.
come hang out and listen to some fun music.
omg: letter from 17yo John Romero to Jordan Mechner , 1985: I, too, am a game programmer, albeit an unknown one.
I actually use which are custom molded to my ears.
Now, I can not go back to headphones
Very proud of the Skins for playing so well so far.
have been in some crazy heavy a.m.
Traffic, especially E St.
But when it's lighter like last Monday it can be great.
Lol!
That's awesome!!
I might need one of those Hello Brooklyn tshirts, though
great to see you, I know breath, hold, count to 4, and do this 4 times.
I have told so many people that.
You are wonderful!
Threw myself out of bed at 6:35a thinking I was late, only to realize it was Sunday.
Do you know the average shelf life of a social media link?
3 hours 
Only 9 more followers and we'll have our GIVEAWAY for an awesome PRIZE PACK full of our fav things to help stay healthy!
RT!!!
WordsINeedToHear I understand why you feel that way
Good Morning!
The library will open at 6:30 am today.
We will close at 9:45 pm tonight.
at tonight!
So excited!
Wow, guess I've been MIA for a while.
Hi!
snow in Paris!
Happy Independence Day  don't eat too much ice cream : rich
ff 4 people you should follow if you don't already:
Brady makes 16 consecutive completions and breaks joe Montana's record
The fact that so many functions of the support website still require IE to work really tells you all you need to know about Dell.
FTW!!!!
doctornk and idgaf.
Red Solo Cup3
please follow me :D 29
i agree.
that one hurt me.
reading what everyine thinks of this is hurting me.
this was between me and tayy
aww laura congrats girl...is it on amazon yet?
:
Not feeling guilty about sitting on my bed with headphones on and joshgroban playing.
So relaxing.
Who knows what those kids are doing...
hope your audition is as wonderful as that pic

Good luck ..when do playoffs start?
Project Management Software Project Insight Chosen by Plus One Health Management
they usually get worse in translation
Defiantly, anytime!
:
Looking forward to this weekend !RT : Really excited to participate in farmtoplate as a Supporting Member and...
Bout to instagram some pics I'm bored and can't sleep blah
We have an awesome ballet company here.
Are you visiting?
true although the more recent record building apps on Twitter, facebook, and iOS is decidedly mixed.
Why do you think?
OkC about to put in work!
Digging deep into the Edge Initiative's public access technology benchmarks and finding libraries that rock each one.
yeah buddy
U guys r awesome n it was proven today well deserved i love u guys so munch rushersrsoproud Rusherpartyingworldwide?
what if it was an amount of stuff in my doctorveway makeover
Can I move to Oregon please ?!?!
To my relative's house :
i hate myself for liking Kelly Clarkson's Stronger
Hm...
Good question.
I will research...
If you could only buy more than one!
RT : I second that.
: i could do damage
How Out That Door sounding like?
Big 8 Conference track and field championships: Sun Prairie wins the girls championship and Janesville Craig wins the boys championship
facebook, text and tweets  oh my!
I feel like Glenn Beck's idiotic ignorance is deliberately directed at perpetually pissing off liberals.
thank u fabulousness!
Xo xo to all!
I'm sorry, but I'm kinda judging you for having bottled water for breakfast.
This will work as much as UN Peacekeeping mission.
Zombie outbreaks in the developing world.
Heading to the movies!!!
: As Koha grew, with bigger librarie, the performance of Koha...well...
Who bought the deal for Founding Farmers?
Not quite...
keep trying :
We had such a great time Wedding Event last night!
Loved meeting some talented vendors and awesome brides!
letting my fone charge up before i go
Is it along the lines of one hand washes the other, understand?
how is it I go through 23 years of life without allergies, and as soon as the flowers pop up I can't stop sneezing.
RT: OPM TILL IT'S OVER
crrunconf I want to know more about how Grabill is defining writing....explode the traditional definition of writing
For our marriage.
BP: Behemoth Polluter
That milk cheese thing is giving us the heebie jeebies.
A woman in SF breast fed until son 5 yrs old/husband liked the milk tooug
thanks  and yes anyone 30 minutes quicker than me deserves a follow.
no bull
I'm speaking on mapping with doctorpal at 11:15 in room 204
RT : Q2.
We LOVE our local small businesses!
Which local boutiques are your favorite?
cc
Who do I have to sleep with to get you to follow me?!
Did you find Winter while you were at it?
Cause I think Winter lost its way and we need it to come on back.....
We've been trying to contact your office for a week with no luck.
Can you please call me ASAP?
2028621432
Back to the crib I go...
Just got my first B 12 shot, we'll see how it goes.
of course not.
Its handmade  should be cheap!
/ eyeroll
BREWERS are pissin me off when they pitch to Alberta!
Hey Shotouts to followers!1 Get meh some new ones!
Saw a murder scene on the way home.
Just heard gun shots
Holden Caulfield would hate me today.
When I met you my heart slipped a beat roses werent red violets werent blue all because I fell im love wit you folow me3
stop frontin' you know that's your blog
I  my daughter; I  my boyfriend; I  my family..things went great talked everything out cant wait til he gets home...
I mean it could be worse you could......
Alright!
You convinced me...
tis the season to ROCK!
:o
Haha.!
Find Out What G.?!
Cnt sleep as always
Yeah, it's there every so often.
Mostly Clarkson.
It's bothersome, but infrequent enough.
Afternoon coffee is a must today!
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Seriously?
Strangely, I'm in the mood for fast food fried chicken.
How did that happen?
It's Friday, I say we kickoff early
Forgetting to turn off your alarms on a day you don't have school  
damn at least she could have cleaned the mess up behind her
Thanks for the tweet!
Really looking forward to working with you!
cc/
Want to win a Buy One Get One Free class for GIRLS NIGHT this Sat?
What food item was Baby carrying as she walked into a party in DD?
Just posed 25 pt Live Play question in SportingExplore: Will complete hat trick?
Go answer!
Oh I get it GReaderPlay is a visual interface of itself.
Actually works really well for navigating liked items.
I'm not saying he's going to win an MVP, but he'll definitely surprise some people.
Including me.
I was a huge hater
SO CLOSE to the next zoom!
Keep those RepeatReceipt tweets coming!
Which gift card do you want to find?
that would be a hysterical HIMYM ep  great idea!
could u imagine Barney?
LOL
Screw you, abonly, for creating so much misinformation around safer sex and contraception I have to spend hrs each day reeducating people.
Lakers are trash.
waiting for what bro?
It's getting awkward with him just running around screaming.
RT How great would it be to win a free pair of jeans?
Tweet/ RT us  help us reach 10K followers for your chance to win!
had a great audition today for THE 22.
I think the guy destroyed his own life by being a dick...
: Huge!
Victor Martinez tears ACL.
If surgery, no season!
24/s1 in LOD for team Schtup.
Catcher eligible?
Off to see Just a few thousand miles and some plane rides away...
Clear strikes out Christensen and Presley to open the bottom of 8th.
Alvin Davis walks and Valle strikes out.
One last shot!
41 Seattle.
that's great!!
Just got followed by CaliBoyCuttz23 ........
Now where my follWers at
Early detection of breast cancer, through monthly breast selfexam and yearly mammography after age 40, offers the best chance for survival
Once we start unwellness you can doctornk all the soda you want
ok thank you so much.
Hello Spring!
Good to see you again.
So far eduiconf slideshows range from 6 slides to 274 slides.
Both for approx 1 hour time slots.
Kramnick speaking now; form as a priori.
Well...I'm watching idol for the first time this season...and after watching TheVoice, I have to say....these guys suck!
ou trouble lol
God has a purpose for your Pain, a reason for your Struggles, and a reward for your Faithfulness!
DontGiveUp
4 shared is just a piece of shit now.
whats a good music sharing website?
Happy Birthday!!!!
I miss you  always crack up at your tweets.
Hope you have a wonderful bday!
xxoo
Umm not all flowers!
Lol Everything except Roses!
Lolz Weird I think at the moment it's just cause of the weather changing!
:
i feel like tanisha's cousin shouldnt be her maid of honor.
i feel like she just a hater..
Happy Mothers Dayy....!
just saw the show for the first time.
Probably my new favorite show.
youre pretty easy on the eyes too.
we'll see who comes out on top
Welcome new followers: , , , , Like us on Facebook!
Flies.
So many flies.
Follow me!
Excellent!
The camerawork of was at play in that one...
I remember being a little outraged at the time...but, really, it was a pretty obvious plotline.
I mean, Murray??
Of course.
What NCAA Tournament game are you most excited about today?
When I'm feeling down I listen to copious amounts of glee...
unbelievable : Have already shared  just retweeted.
Thanks for sending.
Hi Heidi, saw you were hosting a HH on Thur...
Thank you for hosting it with us!
Let us know if you need help getting word out
x thank you for the honors OT!
misterPatrick Duffy
me were lost!!!
parents no we arn't!!
5 mi later me were lost!!!!
parents no we anrn't me.........
parents ok fine were lost!!
40 lucky people will be winning bags of groceries at the Taste of Home Cooking Show tickets are 10 at KUIK.com
Obsessively checking twitter because I know is about to bring it at catdallas.
Someone tweet me a pic please!
Icecream, linguine w/clamsauce, choc whippedcream no bath, 2hrs of cartoons.
I'm going to be an excellent mother.
sleepover!
Working out then hanging with and
Why are my coins red?
xD
yeah okay BTdubs we gotta hang on gchat soons
A very good way to close out 2010.
Abyss, Homebrew, Snowshoe, Poopoo.
Goodnight year of beer.
This is totally rad, Craighton.
All the way around!
Can't wait to get my brass set in the future!
i can do weekday doctornks next weeks for sure!
what day is good for you?
we are looking forward to tonight's rock show at Grotto's in Fort Worth, TX.
Aw, yeah!
Things I wanna do this summer: go paintballing, go to San Marcos, and go to Hurricane Harbor!!!
LMSunSIG 21 people in first session in rm 2.
A number of folks also tweeting?
I love getting my nails done :
This thang on fire got em going crazy.
I love going though my favorites omg
Eye technician pay rates...
You must have internal salary ranges for all of your technician positions or you are going to over or under pay
Need to go to work, mister Mechanic Man!!!
Please put the tires on my car now!!!
What is less cool, bumper stickers or or hipster license plates?
Hard to say
Goin to bed EARLY tonight, cant be up from 47 with class at 8am like today..
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?
Martin Luther King Jr.
The best use of life is to invest it in something which will out last life.
William James
I dont suffer from insanity; I enjoy every minute of it.
Unknown
TVTalentTuesday Follow the talent on Twitter!
Thanks for pinning my Little Lazy critter, thankyouthankyou!
:D
3 kids  2 player Wii game ??
dangerous life changes I like it!
65 and sunny in Roanoke!
Headed in to see my colleagues at VCCS New Horizons Conference today.
Looking forward to seeing everyone.
Just saw a girl riding a Segway down Wisconsin going to class....fucking Marquette kids are nuts.
One person with a belief is equal to a force of 99 who have only interests.
John Stuart Mill
Laughs at LostIn3...
That's me.
I love Google for conversations with teachers but haven't used it with students
We got this
Just killed at the Comedy Cellar's standby line.
bad as i wanna be
story of my life
But you don't care bc you havent called or texted to even check on me.
Is that on his Geek?
The Most Beautiful line is .
.
.but, I love you.
the most hurtful Line is  I love you, but .
.
.
or do Muslims not believe in education?
I can't remember now.
Martin Luther King Jr.
must looked at as a founding father of the New America.
Congressman John Lewis
So I just got my tickets to see at rechter theater.
June 1st baby 3
Education  best way to cut crime.
VA prisons cost 1,000,000,000/yr .
We have NO BUSINESS cutting education funds.
BOS meets today at 6
you deserved to win!!!!
Again Derek, you were robbed!!!!
stay tuned  we're working on it!
Oh, I thought I was agreeing with you.
Oh well, let's go red!
It's not a butthurt thing.
It's a I really want my team back thing.
thank you!
It means so much!
13

Craving for some pastelon aka PR lasagna!!!
installing and upgrading digital Amister in our cloud like crazy; Intelen's energy analytics portfolio over 8MWh/day
Enjoyed the bgtravelshow this weekend.
Looking forward to the NYTTravelShow Mar 2
I'm making some changes to the website to make it more informative and user friendly.
FYI
This feeling's like no other
I love the smoking type
Ugh should have slept and not play on iPod whatever least thing week only has 1 and a half days of school
omfg no one understands how much i hate my cousin..
FOLLOW BACK: N DO ME FAVOR?
TELL PPL CHECK MY MUSIC N FOLLOW THX
Checking out tonight at the Sports, Business, and Social Media panel along with
Anyone know how to view PSD and EPS meta data without opening the files?
2011 is the year to do it www.section179.org
Amazing how well those cartoons have held up, right?
They're just solid gold!
sorry I missed the tweet!
Get the pork shoulder!
It's music Monday!!
Time to tweet about music only I like and that others could give two shits about
ith you and wont need to be chased
Beans and Barley on North.
Or my house, whichever.
loving that tshirt!!
:
Kiski School Basketball sweeps weekend with wins over Peddie School and Hill School.
Kiski now has 20 wins this season!
lol!
It's May 16, u got exactly 2 weeks  a day to enjoy that Payday Loan..
Im so high I just wanna touch the sky!!!!!!!!!!
With win at Utah, GoSpursGo have perfect rodeo road trip and NBA's longest win streak of the season, now at 11.
virtual doctornks on us ; proud of you guys!
Great response to the recent podcasts!
You'll also in TWO sketches in the upcoming Man Up show.
Tell all yer BIG friends!
Are you in Yiwu to have your line manufactured?
I'm now following Just did my part to make your doctoram come true.
Nevada heat is a BITCH!
Good to know!
Thanks.
Won't be the first weekend, either  we are at the Mt Vernon Wine Festival.
10/20 is the likely date.
Its Friday, the end of the work week.
Have a great weekend RBB followers.
Stay safe.
Thanks for all the support.
God peed
duckface.....I don't get it?!?!
What's with people trying to look stupid....on purpose!
When I'm not holding da block!....I'm gardening.
Probably should've washed clothes sooner than the night before the trip.
Tsk Tsk
doctorp in tonight for 2 for 1 glasses of wine via and enjoy a front row seat to our Roasting and Grilling Class!
running outta time, where is my runaway love?
Man, no hail and lightning down there?
Its like 10 miles away!
Life is beautiful in its simplest form.
Respect your body, respect your health.
u only live once, but its not worth dying suffering...
any plans for offline mode and a subway commute playlist?
RT A Penn State student passed away this week.
Her doctoram was to trend on twitter, help make it true RT
my summer look is downsyndoctorme n clogs.
The angriestpersonwatchingsports award goes to , who I'm editing with while the games on.
Angriest Knicks fan ever.
I honestly can't remember at this moment who ran against obamma in 2010.
thanks bailey!
you're welcome!
While other organizations just talk about it, I want to congratulate the NFLPA and it's leadership for walking the walk.
could've told you how that story ends.
KANSAS CITY ON FRIDAY I Get To OPEN UP FOR
LOOK AT US NOW OH!
WE ALMOST FAMOUS!
SK 3
Motivation to get up from the greatest nap ever  none.
very true.
I don't even know rap anymore.
My iPod is filled w/ nas, jay, btnh, mobb deep, wu.
Rap was good then
needs to text me like now
Xoco.
It's 's joint off Clark St.
RT : what's your best lunch spot in Chicago, no reservations
Strong sexy performance from Katy Perry
Got Eli to nap and made breakfast for me and adoctor.
Super dad to the rescue.
Wish I had Bacon tho lol
It's so hot outside
Chocolate coconut water, where have you been all my life?
The NFL joins the TSR JOB BLITZ movement :.
Look  these new opportunities.
Get a FREE Review b4 applying:
Clearly Lakers will be going against
Pictures generation, prune and momofuku milk
where did you get the love sac at?
how yu been?.
Excited!
working on the Razza shoe collection for men and women
Word!
as usual I'm gonna go workout againNoRoids take care of yourself and enjoy ur weekend, babe
That's cool.
I know someone who just got hit with trademark infringement from Norwood Promotional Products who own the mark.
That was anything but pretty, but go Jayhawks!!!!
Damn!
I'm sleepy but I can't go to sleep
Bars play the worst fucking music at happy hour they should just turn the tv on  save me frustration, headache and sanity
MUSTFollow
Yo Kudos to Doug Collins I dont think he's seen round 2 since MJ
bite yr tongue :
New link for the tune Space Trackin'.
Leave your comments!
Enjoy!
Looks like a lot of people had trouble sleeping last night.
Enter this code for 50 off: MondayNightZzzs Happy Monday!
I make damn good waffles.
For the record.
follow back fam
Thurs night, Aug 11  DO NOT MISS: Dopapod  Pharaoh Loosey at The Mad Frog!
Get weird and funky with two of the best around!
Thank You Lord WOO WOO WOO!!!
Apple TV may be great, but likely tied to iTunes in a significant way.
Roku is an open platform.
I have heard great things about the movie project x.
I must see this.
Hope everyone is ready for my show on Monday.
8pm Cid in Silverlake.
This place is awesome.
You will have a really fun time.
Going to the Idaho statehouse to stare down Republican senators who didn't even fwd LGBT equality bill to the floor.
4th flr, 11 a.m.
we ran our senior piece five more times after everyone left.
My knees are bleeding..
It's getting to the point where I'm having wet doctorams about heat stroke now.
American Bandstand  Soul Train rolling eyes...made my Saturdays as a little girl.
Very sad day.
just the chorus
Snow fallin on the streets of manhattan...
Must be
Started it out last night w/ DeLeon Aejo Tequila.
Holy guacamole!
What r u having?
RT : Happy Cinco de Mayo 2012.
Cheers!
Margarita date with at our usual spot
Seeing some of my favorite breweries winning big at World Beer Cup.
Hats off to and Rocky Mtn Brewing!
i just wanna fly, put your arms around me babby
definitely brotha!
We're getting famous this summer
RT : RT : what people feel in their heart has a direct influence on their performance.
This.
Cannot.
Be.
Happening.
Watching the documentary called Happy ,,, And I am.
This is the coolest thing I've seen and I wish for you to watch it.
He just said he's coming to my house right now to doctorp off my cookie doug..
The day after black Friday is quiet
Gym mode bitch
go to club Skyline and meet Jeremih and get your pic taken by me!
Did Facebook cut back the amount of characters they allow in the body of a Facebook ad?
yes they are and they play so well together!
Sometimes I get the feeling the aspirin companies are sponsoring my headaches.
Terri Guillemets
Almost every Fri night Larry eats at the Palm in West Hollywood.
He's starting to lose it.
Retirement hasn't been good to him
Awww RT : I just played peekaboo with a little boy in the car next to mine.
Nothing like an early morning cab ride with Christian soft rock turned up to eleven.
Trying for the first time today!!
Let's see what this guy is talking about
LOL mom and I singing to Adele in the car
god damn
This might be an interesting way to combat to the defunding of libraries across the country
Death Cup by LMTF is such a good and relevant song omg.
PBR tall boys and man bags are taking over my corner!
Ah!
MakeUpArtist Available NOW!
EyeBrows too!
1738 Telegraph Oakland 5108321100
Didn't tweet yesterday cause I was busy all day.
Got the paper done!
:
Although the bluetooth could provide a convenient ruse: I'm talking to someone.
Honest!
Find more ideas to make your man's Valentine's Day wonderful
I'm sleepy, so
Follow and reply to w/a message that includes MerchMonday w/in 2hrs 2 win a Motley Crue lithograph!
BTW great article in April issue of Artforum about Art After Nature
I'm saying this now...
The browns are trading down...
I really hope they don't...
I just have a feeling they will....
Watching CNN.
Huge news all 5 captainins to share stage at startrek convention  KurtCobain single may get release.
This is worthy of CNN?
Having LOTS of trouble with Keep flagging HITS as violating their TOS when they dont.
Auto replies is only response???
Strike 3 your out!
Are you a dog?
No...
So why you barking up the wrong tree bro?!
Whenever I say Nothin' doin' I always think of Probably forever.
Somebody I used to know 
true but wouldn't it be nice for them to come just to support education since many of our workplaces support them.
JMHO
what's kevins 
Happy Valentines to you and Howard yes Bianca too
He just uses racial slurs in general and claims they aren't intended to be racist insults, just angry words.
At Juice Plus Conf.
Dynamite nutrition!
...more importantly...My 1st cup of coffee in a long time.
Crappy coffee...Beautiful!
;
Who puts Deshequan the cuttie 54 on FB?
Like...1.
This isn't freaking myspace, and 2.
..are you really that ghetto?
Love that place!
oh OK!
Enjoyed your presentation!
Good luck finding a great developer!
Back to the future trilogy DVD set
I think it's really scary that sometimes I just zone out when I'm doctorving and don't realize it until I'm pulling into my doctorveway.
I MUST STOP PROCRASTINATING!!!!!!
doctorpping off taxes at the Midway post office?
Stop by and join Lori's Tax Day rally in support of the middle class, financial transparency.
At the Apple store in Charlotte.
Imagine support for free from an Apple Genius.
There must be 100 people all smiles no frowns.
doctornk the ko
girl you're going to OSU??
Snowbeer tasting better.
We've even got Sierra Nevada Celebration ale at 4.50 for the occasion plus a lot of hot, delicious food.
basking in gaga afterglow...
Thanks 3
Getting ready for school..wbu?
OCLC is launching a service to track and display data about the copyright disposition of books.
Excellent!
This FA cup final is awesome.
Where's that?
: Hmm.
Twitter says I'm similar to Maybe 'cause I write about them a lot?
That or you like to talk a lotta Smack!
But yet so cute.
quit hating .
Apple filed a patent application for the iPhone that hints they may do away with the bezel around the screen
what does trippy mean??
Its pretty sad when the only guy with sense in this is the guy thats high.le sigh
I know, and I struggled w/what to do about it.
Didn't want to edit it out so I could talk about it, but.
Thoughts?
It's mustacheawareness month : if you have a mustache send me a pic!
Go
In Stockholm, looking forward to IE / MSR eScience conference / workshop.
As usual schedule is packed!
Step 1: read comments on FOX site Step 2: give up on human kind for a few hours
Havana Nights happy hour at area 31 is on!
Another short work day!
Hallelujah 
kids Preeclampsia Foundation Promise Walk at Farmers Branch Parks and Recreation  Gussie Field Watterworth Park, Sun, May 20 12:00p:...
where is this doctornk girl?
Just tell her to doctornk more booze
Yah, I just followed you..
and this is crazy..
so here's my tweet, so FOLLOW ME MAYBE?
;
RT : Finally back home with new baby girl.
So much going on, billion miles per hour..
and I even haven't had a glass of wine
It could be the point.
After 20 yrs studying ancient Greek, you want to know how that shit /sounded/
lol I know
So should I not do anything and then get high, or get high and then not do anything?
Not gonna lie.
The Avengers was absolutely fooking amazing!!!
Moxie Joe
Launching in Broward and North Carolina!
Busy day for me!
Thanks baby brother RT happy birthday sis hope it's the best
possibly the best bot on twitter involving some asshole named frank
nor does the US allow same sex marriage as many other countries allow!
Do they explain the risks of pre diabetes?
Congrats on seven years !
I miss my internship days with you guys.
Oh my god.
I missed the Alvarez RBI double.
Cant wait for the new season of My Fair Wedding with David Tutera!
I LOVE your visions!
Don't forget about the 24Hour lounge in M.D.
Anderson.
Use your cougar card to swipe in after hours.
Can't wait for you to watch my terrible 10 min doctorwing tomorrow.
He was The Golden Child though.
I agree.
Hi Alexis, the One Direction tab is on our fb page.
Good luck!
Cleaning house in a kneelength skirt and shortsleeve sweater...better turn on some rockroll before I turn into June Cleaver!

Good question.
On our previous site, the email link was the least used option.
Do you think we need to add it back?
Aubrey Crowned is the name of Cody  Jake's clothing line!
:
Mfz kno how to really piss a nigga off n they wonder y I blow strong
can you like, marry me already?
Chicago..
What a sports city ....
Not
Looking forward to it!
But than you would be recognized for your courageous act of coming into the pool!
Harry'll save you too ;
the usher in my aisle was a total buzzkill.
post facto cat tweets will have to suffice.
you're probably just a really nice person!
:D
: I have a nice mix of happy and unhappy weather peeps!
I just aim to inform to wear wool or cotton
I'm sorry you feel that way.
Our boys/girls novelty kit categories are 15 total items out of the 1000s we carry
In koreatown looking at herb cookers for a friend
Listening to Debaser by Because ending this fucking day with Frank Black primal screaming just WORKS.
Say, we hear there was doctorG at Houston's bowl12.
Any pictures to share with the masses?
haha you know it.
Good to see you again bro
Tonights shark week is intense black dec.
Is crazy
Talk to me?
hahaha except you guys of course!
awesome!!
I hope you guys enjoyed it!
We can't wait either!
RT : Thank you for an amazing girls weekend!
I cannot wait to come back!
Are you guys in boss limbo again?
Yes, and the people who write gadget blogs are technically illiterate buzzword monkeys.
awe...thanx girl.
that means a lot.
:
Pineapples for the Ethical Treatment of Answers
great seeing you at the OSDBU conference
good win for your team..
congrats!!
I guess you don't care..
Note to self: Before I die find a guy worth my time.
I just watched a video that's probably going to haunt me for awhile.
I don't even know what I watched, very disturbing.
FRIEND ZONE 
Awwwhh.
I hope Feel better soon...
Actually i hope you feel better now.
:
The election turned out great.
The presence of greens  independents should ensure the majors keep a muzzle on their crazier elements.
When trying to describe doctorams, it never comes out as cool as it really was.
itz going downz bro.
hit my blunt
not a good time to go cold Denver
stop down and ask for Rick and I'll show you what Baltimore eats for lunch when they want real good food on me
you're very welcome.
I like giving shoutouts to the books that so many people love.
It's what Ebook Review Central does!
or 2013 A10 Tournament.
You know what I meant, jerks.
I do that at 12:34
When the community shower at the trailer park broke
: he will ,i hope he does...
Omg dat would make me happy,thanks mahomie: Mahomie4Life
No surgery!
I found our brand of Fish Oil years ago, love it so much started selling it!
Just found out great for meniscus!
I've read 18 books so far this year and it's only 5 months in:
I hate it when I misspell shit.
Fuck everything.
handed in first doctorft of my thesis and now i feel decidedly unwound...
yup.
Buy away!
Im not feeling her today 
You should follow
Killing it at jeopardy!
i love me some joe dirt
announcements are coming up dangerously soon.
In true Steve Jobs fashion we say, 'Here's to all you doctoramers!'
RT : We had an awesome daylong meeting for telecom workers at the Labor Notes conference on May 4....
San Diego, California Weather :: 61F OVERCAST: 61F OVERCAST
I'm sitting here with my cuzin and she is like 11 and she is tweeting along side me ...
Might have to watch what I saw now!!!
Kuechly, Kirkpatrick, Doug Martin or trade down
So I promised it, your getting it, Im beginning filming the fuckinstoners quote skit tomorrow and probably some of the weekend.
Stay tuned!
Don't justify your disobedience to God's Word by appealing to the abuse of God's Word by others.
Welcome new fans Roberto, Derek, Elizabeth and Sara!
If you don't fight for what you want, don't cry for what you've lost.
RT I am on iphone
using your mcclusky time wisely, I see.
Anything is possible in this friendly Universe.
Hello!
My name is Robelys Santana currently I am a college Student, and Im a Business student.
And I am a Doer!
3
And by ' girls' I mean me
The interwebs would be so much more interesting if 8yr olds would write blogs.
Smooth Operator was a hit singing at Morgans in La Quinta Resort  Club last night!
Welcome to Twitter!!!
Love that my 12 year old brother knows the lyrics to HYFR.
she is absolutely stunning as is.
there was definitely no need for her to be digitally slimmed down!!
let's make them pay a toll when they cross the county line, and downtown.
If you have never seen the GoGo's in concert...
Do it!!!!
AMAZING!!
I vote for peanut butter banana!
Prayers for my friends Mom
Thanks for following!
Remind me again.
Why does hair grow in armpits?
Arizona desert: I need you!
The 2.5 hours I spent at the dmv earlier made this day feel incredibly long!
Having lunch with my new friends  next week!
Looking forward...
I hear u.....we on this weekend I know u getting it in wit ya boi
We're playing at Frankie  George's in SqHill tonight, just because...we'll be trying out some new songs Tomorrow w/ The Hang Lows
Setting up a casting call for the SPARKS trailer....
Seriously.
If the construction was better I would have gotten it.
:/
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas....in the office!
Photos to follow!
I swear the shit I say is way better than doctor Phil  Montell someone get Oprah on the phone  tell her I'm on my way!
what kinda musik u like girl?
Howdy, ol' pal.
haha that's too funny!
Who was it?
you MUST be in the twin cities if there are Kum and Go gas stations...
yep, only in the midwest.
soo naive..
:
can u give me sharpie sleeves and neck
and he is just that.
what about when ppl say a woman cant teach a boy to be a man n a man cant teach a girl to be a woman?
I would imagine its mostly
What are you waiting for?
every Sunday night i get a little stressed out.
i fall for it every time.
Do not stress!
Alan jackson's music videos just make me want my truck and license so much more.
..
and yet I still giggle at Shake Weight commercials..
God's rain is cleansing and healing.
Dance in it, love it, embrace it!
It's an awesome feeling!
FB Fanpage TIGGERS HEART AND SOUL TO GLOW
where is that?
i soo wanna go.
I heard the 97x backyard bbq concerts are rad!
yep, right before the sea pines traffic circle.
Watching Paul Mooney...
Freaking hilarious!
RT : If the ability to make skin crawl could be harnessed electrically, Rush Limbaugh could power a city the size of Milwaukee.
Today has been a rough one.
So many things are on ME to get done.
Cuz If I dont make it happen it wont.
Fruit Bomb is now available  WineStyles in Frankfort.
Stop in and grab a bottle or 2!
Dear , Thank you for exposing for the idiot he is  standing up for people like me.
I appreciate it, a lot .
MT : I believe everyone else should have the right to choose a future of petty arguments and rolling eyes
doctorving down Wilshire to work today was a lot like playing Frogger against frantic parents.
We will be attending the NBA Jam Session this Saturday!
Yeeeeeee!!
I love penny stocks...So I think  LUSI.OB  will hit the top WOOHOO.
shouts out to the dopes producer in the yay area!!!
rough game today, time to unwind.
I saw a ware wolf doctornking a pia colada at trader Vic's.
His hair was perfect.
Hahah nah too expensive.
Ryan went though, I'm sure he'll agree Kevin James was hilarious.
I have a hankering for pudding wine and meat water...
Thanks, sir!
it was cool to get to talk to you and everyone last night.
You're all so down to Earth!
:
I will be on KEYE tomorrow promoting my coat collection!
Make sure to tune in.
I will be on between 4p5 m!
Fed up of people being pissed off with me and not telling me.
Grow some balls and just tell me what I've done.
Hi Riley!!
Thanks for the follow!
Happy Saturday!
:
Need to invent a sweat band for the ass crack RT : Butt sweat
you wanna lock it in for me?
;
Karen, did you order color Daughter  not receive yet?
Or did you order b/w edition?
Sometimes I forget that I have cable and can watching mindless TV on Cartoon Network until the wee hours of the morning.
3
Goodnight everyone 
Best of Ohio's episode on Microbreweries is on demand ch 411...Looking good!
Sweet pool.
Are you going to josh groban.
Was there and had a debate with a colleague.
Who had the faster 40...you or Fenelus?
booty, booty , booty!
Very nice ladies!
yeah yeah, i love you too.
Last day of business camp.
We'll be starting our biz plan competition in 20 mins
My Desperate Housewives addiction can't be healthy.
The only question I have is why did I ever stop watching this show?
Dear Hayley, I HAVE A SISTER/FRIEND WHO HAS YOUR NAME: you read my fanfic too right?
We should talk more.: Love, Tatsiana
really Mary Pat wants to add another vacant to the city rolls.
The city already has too many!
Excited to kick off our new nonprofessort series, changetheworldwednesdays with on 4/4 in shirlington at 7pm!
Holy crap!
You're right!
...dude..that looks like a fun show up there at the Hullaballoo!
Have fun!
sell lots!
because he...I mean they got....I got nothing...Billick has not clue what a QB is
u where awesome in ur last episode!
They started no more on time today.
I just got really nervous about the concert tomorrow for some reason....
It felt great to get back on the mat this morning
sees what Cathy means about twitter.
our conversations are the best.
We all get eachother.
I can barely wait to doctorve 375 miles home today.
Ugh.
Faultline hosts INDUSTRY PARTY on Sat Nov 6...Meet engnrs/producers/manufacturers/artists.
doctornksfun served up at 6p.
Come downtalk sound!
Congrats on the deal, happy you are staying in Baltimore next year
Hell yea I'm a JEALOUS girlfriend but ONLY when you give me a REASON
Hurry up and take your clothes off...
something is happening soon.
WHO REMEMBER ME?
you don't have to feel anything!
Just doctornk and be rude/sort of caring.
Oh and a 3 yr old neighbor of mine looks like baby rue
Dont follow,  then unfollow me.
Its pointless  not cool.
NEW HEALTH CARE LAW PROVISIONS CUT RED TAPE, SAVE UP TO 4.6 BILLION
We're working on a few projects at the HRC, one currently involves Arabic vocab lists.
If you need help with a project, please consult us.
RT Happy Birthday!
Hope all is well  enjoy ur day :// thanks girl!!
All of us at MPA are wishing you all a great 4th of July weekend!
I'm so confused right now...I don't know what is happening?
very nice!
Enjoy!
I've seen news on the Packers and what to do about the unbeaten season...
rest or go for it......
I'd say go for it!..
Back to back Lombardi
lol go figure 
Smh i wasnt even on twitter nd C Miles was talkin about me !
Your financial success will never exceed your personal development.
school tomorrow:/
Thanks to for adding our Discuss Facebook App!
Let us know how we can be of help!
Why are people so looking foward about the couple coming to california iI dont get crab
Oh shit!
is on twitter!
There is no thought or belief in insufficiency of any kind.
You can accomplish anything if you're willing to pay the price Vince Lombardi
RT : Great to see in the office for happy hour today!
Radiohead to come to Philly / NJ on June 13!
Yay!
Tix on sale on Thursday.
oh shit really :O
Me and my nanny, getting our SVU marathon on.
Thanks Robert, FF back at ya!
Have a great weekend:
Twittering from BAVC New Media institute at TriBeCa
Rockin out to School House Rock, I still remember every song!
Ahh memories :
hey mom, can we get a thousand cats and name them all mysterious names so no one knows why we named them that?
please?
please?
please?
huhu?
too bad I can't use the like stamp on twitter!
that's what I need!
Listening to to keep my head straight during illegal harassment from our West Oakland landlord.
it's imagines time!
:x
Going to London for the 1st time.
Know any cool places I should check out?
gets father of the year always!!doctorve 4hrs 2make it 2daughter's bday party only could stay an hr cause college/basketball
auchapel good things to say on the topic of atheism, although this C.S.
Lewis performance has become a sort of cliche.
ARGH!!
No!!
Write through the pain!!
give me enough notice and I can take off!
I'm going to the brewers game on Friday!
Supposed to be so nice!
is inspired!
Practicing guitar, writing new songs, arranging old ones...bliss!
TheArtInsituteofChicago presents this month RoyLichtensteinA Retrospective; a 160 piece collection showcasing the artist's work
Nevermind where youre from, were reacting cause we preview death.
Fuck it, its Friday night at The Market Hotel and the audience is ready to rock n roll.
Crazy night in billysburg.
When did you email it?
can the people in the back see this okay?
this is good!
I'm pretty sure I live to piss people off 3
I see so much Nemi and so much Diall.
Guys which one should I say...?
Listening to two people in the office talk about Zappos customer service.
Proof that customer first thinking leads to word of mouth sales.
RT : Fun Fact: China has the worlds longest continuously used written language.
is shooting range this weekend or next?
YES!
: RT :we are getting pretty excited for it should be a wonderful day with wonderful businesses!
Congratulations!
Hope you had a great time.
RT : Getting inducted into tonight at
Happy Spring break to TCC kids and staff!
We hope you all have some fun in the sun this week!
Testing new camping equipment.
Nearly 2 1/2 yrs after being injured in a car accident, I think I'll be able to really camp again.
So glad.
What I wouldn't give for some sun...
I know baby!
We'll be there next week!
Lol!
wink
Outside of my family there are only three people I trust.
They all go to different schools, two of them are out of state.
It's going to be a great week.
Let's make it happen.
I love helping tourists on the metro.
No seriously, I do!
this sunday, to be exact.
;
I need for to contact me via Facebook immediately.
Thanx Management.
coachella here we come!
Do you have New Years plans?
We might have a few people over...
Fuck I have to go to therapy .
Great practice tonight!
Started work on 2 news songs plus brought back another old one.
Things are shaping up nicely!
4hrs sleep, taco truck lunch, 8 hrs of production.
Must be the
All I need in life is my amazing family, friends and most importantly GOD 3
Chicken Enchiladas are on the menu tonight!
Served up with spanish rice and refried beans!
your taste buds will love you!
every now and then people need alone time.
i get bored easily so i don't wana see you everyday.
The Clash London Calling
yeah very true, records the same, Hornets still a better name
RT!!!!!
yeah yay and yah are three VERY different words.
I was going through some of the old posts on my blog and got a laugh out of that video again.
That's a classic moment!
my bellybutton just told me your gonna notice me  haha
Pretty sure I'm in love 3 3
Fried s'mores!
was a great night!
stop by at CUMIN anytime, we'll be happy to see u!
Lots of them in NYC for sure.
she fits in his universe because they are married!!!
Not in the mood to run the mile right now..
im not the real selena and im very sorry if u thought i was i hope it dont change anything
Date Bailed On Me
Can i do a contest?
whoever wins a DM To vinny or Nick?
gianna
I wish I had friends who liked Tyler, but noo.
Everybody hates Tyler,  All my friends like Lil Wayne  doctorke.
I fucking hate them.
BOTH.
JUST WHEN U U THOUGHT U WAS DOING IT BIG..I WALK IN THE BUILDING SO
GirlsLoveWhen You buy them what they ask for and don't ask How Much or Why.
G'mornin.
I'm up too, time for work ...
No true Church ever would.
you don't go straight into the wind and you don't wax it after every single race justfyi
SOMA, tonight, see you there.
doors open at 630.
Party on Wayne, and party on Garth.
yes...i shouldn't know that
Oh son of a bitch, I still don't have any Anger.
Just emailed you the song.
Hope you like!
Why doesn't Wendy's deliver today?
lol Maybe I can incorporate them both?
when's high fest!?
i mean i can let you borrow it
What if Fitzgerald had settled on The HighBouncing Lover instead of The Great Gatsby?
Same impact?
Thank you!!
I'm glad you like them..
Keep watchin :
Youtube Ricochet She Bangin  you already know its T Man On Da Beat 
You only live once, but if you do it right once is enough:
do you think that men's book clubs would want to read books that specifically deal with men's issues then?
Stress.
Ballet.
Finals.
I have been reduced to one word sentences to describe the mountain of crap I have to do between now and next Friday.
not so much the 'I' in that, but the user who is barely grasping at their new D7 site to begin with will recognize A
followed : follow back?
Innovate as a last resort.
Ray and Charles Eames
Just watching the tour on DVR HD.
Great sprint with Armstrong at the end.
Couldn't quite get it.
Great job overall!
You All WinCongratulationsWannaPlay Again
Women, poem from sMichelle
i am thankful that i had the opportunity to go to LA and visit my brother antonio.
And my brother introducted me to O2M.
when are you coming to boston?!
HE HAS HIS NOSE MAURY!!
THEM EARS, THEM EARS STICK OUT JUS LIKE HIS DADDYS.
FOLLOW MY BESTFRIEND SHE FOLLOW BACK 
prisoner :p haha that's cute!
: i don't know what to wear lol
love it!
awesome dude what's the the name of that series again?
Right now, I really wanna listen to Long Knives doctorwn and watch 8 1/2
Jammin some classical...
but i like blue.
Congrats to for a great almost launch!
Great stuff
Congrats to on the perfect game!
What a nervewracking and intense game to watch.
First try vocabsushi.com w/code ilovevocab 10off RT : Can someone tell me if getting the GRE vocab flash cards were worth it?
:
we still haven't done your photoshoot?
Hanging out at
Harry potter and the deathly hallows part 2 was the best movie i have ever seen in my life.
what is the MagFF ?
I'm so immature.
I laugh everything my phone has 69 percent battery...
Perhaps we need to start our a snarky button product line...
I migrated to DV4 and want to close DV3.5 but it takes a month to close Can you bill/ref 1 month/50 for old instead of 500?
My mom: kfc and john john silvers.
I mean long dong silvers
Yesterday, I signed up for social news on Huffington Post; I don't really know what it is, but its like facebook for news junkies.
I need mine cut too!
Enjoy your night everyone, come back in tomorrow for HeavyHanded Sunday and get your eighth weighed to four grams!
mhm now in Hungry
So excited to go down to Richmond tomorrow with to rep
What chance gathers she easily scatters.
A great person attracts great people and knows how to hold them together.
Johann Von Goethe
Austin please!!!!!!!
Follow me or tweet back?
3
Charles River Apparel has recently been named a 5star Supplier by ASI!
Thanks for your continued support.
Help us spread the word about Good Luck Jane?
Reply at least one person you follow with www.facebook.com/goodluckjane THNKS!
after 10 tonight lol.
Late, I know!
Thank you for shopping with us this Thursday afternoon.
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.
The Dalai Lama XIV
Not in your area, but what does a Desk Set group do?
I will post mine today around 4 or 5 ...
K?
Oo one time this eighty year old wanted my mom to be his GF and shes 31 lmao!
I told her she should cuz he's rich LOL
I dont believe in good vs.
bad music.
I believe in genuine artistic contribution vs.
hey everybody, look!
I'm doing something!
Don't judge me, birthday girl!!!
Lol
when the streetz love you to death it aint hard to sell
I am having great butt sex with Justin Bieber!!!
EpicWin Girls be jealous!
H2B Clients: Please send us your declaration regarding the wage increase by Tuesday, Sept.
20th  email w/ questions.
Knocking out the rest of my shopping!!
I just cut my finger while cutting my nails.
I am such a disgrace to all Asian kind.
Good morning everyone.
It's a beautiful day in Florida.
I'm on my way out to enjoy the sunshine.
Have a great day....
life is better on a bell curve
Blastin some nowhere is the sht bro
Ayy Gang land.
Is that shit
hopefully we'll be there soon!
It's never good when you're at an underground BART station and it smells like something is on fire.
Only goodness and faithful love will pursue me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the LORD as long as I live...
Off to meet the main character of my next novel.
Literally.
You are very welcome :
My primary issue with doctornking: I enjoy it most when ddoctornk/dt  0.
Already bought two bra's ;p
I don't think I ever truly realized that Keith Haring started out as a street artist.
I guess I always knew, but never really thought of it.
.: Do you know some of the goodies you're bringing to ?
Chemistry midterm in a couple days.
get ready for a great Lions game later.
: Succaneer Orange.
Great.
last night my neighbors played shitty music all night, time to play mine on full blast i hope they enjoy their hangovers.
Seniors taking final exams
Not to good I'm sick
On my way to KFC for tha mother's day special ..
You said it!
Study finds MD's not always honest with patients.
20 percent said hadn't fully disclosed mistake.
obvious RT : Columbia residents have mixed reactions about a potential Jayhawk logo on Missouri license plates.
via/
Sorry I missed that brunch
I forgot my password.
Thanks alot, Cali buds!!!
U R The Bullshit
CAN'T MAKE ME
Selenators go follow chaz's personal account  :
Hi Justin, thanks for following!
Tonight blows.
Not feeling so hot Took emergenc, day quil..
ugh..
really hope I'm not coming down with something!
Are you feeling like Carrie Bradshaw right about now?
Wish I had caught a picture but my phone camera is broken.
Will do so next time.
Hello from ORD!
not sure if u tlk'd this already but how do u feel abt congress taking out the part abt slavery in 2days constitution reading
I used to be speaker of the house RT : I'm Newt Gingrich RT : I used to be speaker of the house.
just remember to skip the mac, bro.
no flavor.
Last day to check out the exhibit Reflections and pick up a piece of original art!
Good day today
my pleasure!
Still blown away by your noodle prowess!
Flying to Indy in Louisville Slugger's corporate airplane on Monday!
Dear Food Fantasy Reader, What does it mean that I'm doctoraming about bacon wrapped meatloaf?
You are too kind.
I like your thinking!
hey lets get that 12 punch going again this week big mac
hmm  uh excuse me sir can you please get off my back.
Thanks 
Burn Ki Moon.
Bruins v Rangers tonight.
Maybe there will be lots of fights in honor of Valentine's Day.
certnc Eric k from solana beach.
what a great tool in case of an emergency.
The kiwano fruit is possibly the most disgusting thing I've ever eaten.
Next to okra.
Not fond of slimy food.
Hadn't heard; can you point me to some add'l reading?
I judge you more for the McDonald's part than the wifi part!
do people REALLY wear wodkilla socks?
thats just...
no!
i cant handle the term wodkilla in general or anyone labeling themselves as such
Wow!
just realized I have followers...including the great David Crowder.
dam mahone!
Keep up the amazing work!
What is the hardest part about networking?
the voice or DWTS
AP tests.
Yay.
Have a great time in SF.
Republican play book is when you take power create fiscal crisis by cutting taxes/ revenue that supports dysfunction narrative
Leah, thank you for the follow as well.
Any 2012 real estate predictions?
So what's the news of the day?
I cant stand people bein better than me at ANYTHING !
lol grrrrrrr
The only good thing about the parade of champions were the pompoms lol.
skype?
To much to type xD
can't get bra off.
Leaders on the floor/ Leaders in the locker room often can be two different sets of
I really don't like my grades right now, my goal for straight A's isn't going to happen.
good luck tomorrow.
As Lil John once said...Shots, Shots, Shots, Shots....
Read, read, read.
Read everything  trash, classics, good and bad, and see how they do it.
Just like a carpenter who works as an...
Need a mini vacation.
NO cell phone, no work emails, no resposibilities  beach mandatory.
Please and Thank you.
When time is of the essence, crime may pay
So nice to see more trees and less people.
I know you missed me, Detroit.
:
Today, for the first time in 9 years, I know what it is like to not be afraid.
Definitely Swept Away
Busted thru thumb of my right riding glove.
About to toss it when I discoveredit's now perfect for texting!
The evolution of stuff.
Can anyone recommend a good program to recover data from a corrupt hard doctorve?
KickRocks Amazing People Interest Me...
JHustle....

Frustration is just miguided enthusiasm.
Thank you my friend.
The chairs in the conference rooms are too comfy...........
1.
if your a slut or some prostitute don't follow me.
2.
I love my followers that arnt that lmfao.
5th B is tomorrow, bikes.
And no I'm not talking about you, I'm talking about YOU.
Yes but not  b/c based on individuality: white man usually in jeans suddenly shows up in suitHey, what's the occasion?
RT : help me to inspire those..
that need inspiration...
let my life be a sign..
of a coming generation ....
lord help me
you are a stud!!!
Great following you!
i never do anything wrong...haha...
Man's Famous Quote
never say never ...even wen something looks impossible..
Is it crazy to think everyone in the office should have their own reusable cup?
It would be nice if the company gave them out too.
Its that if your ugly as fuck they'll never let you into LIV ...
So I'm guessing you won't be getting in then??
STFU GROWUP DADE 
Yay!
One of today's Educator partners built a mission for student based on the and 2012 stamps!!
heritage, anyone?
awe,thanks, friend!!
:
What does that even mean?
Let Oil companies run roughshod all over Florida so you can file briefs for them?
Awww...but ok, Imma go offline too!
:'D Bye boo bear!
LOVE YOU SO MUCH MORE THAN YOU'LL EVER BE ABLE TO!!!3333333 :
I felt like it was a swing and miss regardless of crowd
Totally last minute, but performing with Batala as a dancer with two other Gladies at the Clarendon Fat Tuesday parade!
haha i know but i probably will!
And i never actually started till like 3 haha
So fucking happy I could die now.
I predict that the next disruptive innovation in technology will be wireless charging for handheld devices.
Happy Friday!!!!!!!
RT Happy Friday 
Going to grocery store then coming over!
Apple Cup action!
Huskies or the Cougs  who's taking the victory?
The most important factor in selecting learning toys for your childoctorn is choosing a toy that is appropriate for your child's age.
Arrived in Wales late this morning after a solid two days of traveling, and it is good to be here, cooking potatoes and watching Ratatouille
ENJOY your life!!
On my zumba flow this weekend.
Need2 get this weight off 4the holiday.
Zumba i miss u.
It's gonna be a long, productive night with , , and
You're Full of Boloney
You're  clearly im
Prayers answered!!
For some reason, I can hear my mother saying If asked you to jump off a bridge, would you do it?
Heh.
when will you post a chimichurri recipe on pinterest?
:  I may be able to provide a beautiful pic for you!
I've only been on Facebook until now.
It's going to take some time to figure out Twitter.
LOL!
14.I love music
do u like winners
says never stop selling yourself.
You should always be market ready
RT : Twothirds of US adults text.
Text a librarian!
Text 66746, start your question w/ calvlib, charles or stmalib.
a few people not from twitter and just the retweets from the Indians.
Lots of people seem to say they've been more than once.
no i was stuck at that stupid pachanga thing alone .
lucky mofo!
Red Line specials!
Want to thank and our NIKE fam for their support...nothing like being out of town w FRESH gear
RT : I'd like to take a moment to remind the world the US went to war with Iraq because Saddam gassed his own people.
Burning copies of the karan is as ridiculous and insensitive as building a mosque at Ground Zero
On foot thru Hasidim of Williamsburg best route now from steampunk fashion show to neocon rocker at hipster Cameo 8pm.
i hope the sun shines, and it's a beautiful day and something reminds you
Got caught off guard wit the cutest txt that put a huge ass smile on my face..
The results for yesterday's poll: Will you be getting up early to watch the Royal Wedding?
100 said No!
PollMKE.COM
Awww...you'll be missed tonight!!!
Safe travels back to NYC!!!
RT good luck love you!!!
some excellent content from the LA Games Conference yesterday
What a morning!
But my god shall supply my every need.!
I love it when the lilacs are in bloom.
Favorite smell in the world.
Makes for a relaxing stretch
Welcome and stay around and check things out often when you can:
Austin Toros doctorft party is  Big Daddys Thurs 11/3  6pm.
Meet the entire Cap City Dance Team  be the first 2 see whose chosen 4 our team!
can u bring back please
Heh, Happy Monday tweeps RT : I was about to wish you a productive week, but I see that you're here.
Just arrived at my site for rcd2012!
My homeowner said today is like Xmas for her since we're bringing her some much needed help!
No no, you walked in and you're fired
And it's IN SCORPIO!
Which is where my moon is, holler, and your sun.
Please advise on appropriate witchiness.
These ppl need to go str8 up....i should be clocking out now
Omgee.all i wanna do is sleep.friday im sleeping in.
I'm addicted to Swamp People on History Channel.
Incomprehensible dialects with names like Cletus shooting alligators  GOLD.
thank you jacob
For all you health nerds out there, Sebelius just walked in
U playing a damsel in distress?
Isn't that typecasting?
: ...
Ever notice u can say anything if u put a smiley face after it?
You need more than a handful.
Two hands for each is better.
I talked to like 10 minutes ago!
HSJCIDSJDDMDJDJD.
Brb crying.
3
Okay i'm in a bitchy mood now.
Sorry!
I didn't see that it had been set up already before I responded.
A little unorganized here.
So the key to business success is to make it past that fiveyear mark.
Decomposition Notebook.
The Superbowl is on!
What team are you going for?
You can't say something like that and not tell us what it is!
Soaking in a bubble bathh
Thanks to all the WW dealers offering our cable technology  to every WW fan for discovering more excellent home entertainment.
Quality 1st!
and my checks have baby farm animals on them, Biatch!
Genius!
ko real talk: Don't chase the doctorAM let the doctorAM CHASE YOU!
Just realized I don't even log on fb anymore lol shrugs
Just one low payment of 10!
:
Ah another work week.
can't wait to see you at warped in Orlando!
thank you!
i love seeing juicy ass tittys dam look at them
sometimes my heart hurts, like when I breath it hurts.
Why Care About Bees?
doctor Marla Spivak, U
You are always welcome :

I Prefer Brown Skin Woman too bad for you
indeed.
Lets hope the next one keeps up the trend and doesn't succumb to the trilogy curse.
In case you didn't know: Madison's homeless are selforganizing.
Watch for some very cool and inspiring things to happen.
next time give us a heads up tweet or something....
I would LOVE to be a yoga teacher while trying to be an actor.
That or a sommelier.
Or both...
;
You meant heat flashes right?
Because we all know librarians are dowdy, pious women over the age of 50.
i was gonna send u one but i didint know wht to say soo idk.!!!
So CONFUSED.!!
:
We must unlearn the constellations to see the stars.
Jack Gilbert
You can do laundoctor when you're dead.
You're always welcome, Ann!
Thanks for telling your fans and friends about us!
Morning Twitters
Lazy rainy day in Miami..
Someone motivate me please..??
If you are enjoying Motown week on DWTS you'll love The Jersey Boys broadway show too.
You'll be surprised how many songs you know!
Someone hijacked my Twitter account.
If you received a DM from me, please disregard.
moderates is a loose word.
I started it a while back, but others have volunteered to do the moderation.
I'm a reader though!
finally a nice relaxing day!
That's true 3 : A Gemini will pin you down and tickle the sadness out of you.
I Just registered yesterday!My sister 2 month ago really!
I pledge allegiance to tha tweet
I APOLOGIZE to all these Bitches but a nigga can't GET WIT CHA, Cuz this nigga be gettin CHEEZ like if I was takin PICTURES!
thanks for the RT.
It makes a day look really small compared against the year.
Watching game 162, how no playoffs or wild cards had been decided  it was the last game of the season.
Bos eyeing TB STL watching ATL
's quotes tho.
LET ME LOVE YOU.
would you lik to work together
Dear Ryan Leaf.
Grow up.
Do this especially for your parents and family.
You have embarrassed them for a long time.
Enough is enough.
toc bar and status lounge
um yes u are, we prolly should report you
im might be goin to the mall with my friend...
if i dont then yeah
It is going to be a great year for my company Shin Do Kumate'  www.shindokumate.com
Is this day over yet?
doctornking sum coffee wit paches and whino....was aswesome to see the kiddos last night...gonna go do something with em today
Don't forget to check out Gonzalez Contract Services on Facebook!
Like our page for updates on new positions!
If you don't treat yourself with kindness and respect, then why would anybody else.
I'll take some pictures for you!
We got pretty good seats 4 row up from field 2 sections down from dugout.
First base line!
Thought is was BYU's comeback
SAN FRANCISCO, yearlong 75th anniversary celebrating the opening of the GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE.
I think was married still, BUT I hear he gets around besides breaking up homes
Just watched BOYFRIEND !!
Is so hot , think im gunna love his new stuff :
Spending the day at the Family Farmed EXPO.
Learned about using whole animals.
Next up is urban farming, then preserving the bounty.
Those who look to him are radiant; their faces are never covered with shame.
Psalm 34:4
Taking Back Sunday tickets go on sale this Saturday!
Don't forget Jack's Mannequin is next Friday!
Rock candy baby...hard, sweet, and sticky
RT : FF hey Laine, floats your boat, what makes your cookie crumble?
GRIN, haha ; or blows ur skirt up?
Love us and like us on facebook.
Post a comment  show you care.
:
: Does any large LEA have a good understanding of effective parental engagement??
Now following ...Love what you do...so glad we reconnected.
Ok time to go get sisi frome school, n with this back pain omw jesus see me tru it mercy for n me n all the other kids going hom
If you enjoy Rock Pop music from Southern California follow They follow back!
i wish i could play piano!
RT : Goodness RT : tomorrow StPatricksDay specialsDublin coddle  cracklins, and Scotch eggs w/Sue mustard
that is way cool that you have him teaching the both of you.
oh dont worry.
i already retweeted ur link to all my friends d if i like ya, i will do all i can to make sure ur cn, ages????
Rudnitsky just saved four match points to tie the third set a 5all.
excel has a function that lets you take a line graph of data you have and extend it out to predict where the numbers will go
After all this unseasonably warm weather in Indy, I almost froze my tail off walking the dogs tonight.
And likely many cafetoriums and church basements of the present.
Leaving Akron OH.
GPS says 342 miles until our next turn!
Swam laps at the gym this morning  hit the hot tub with some new friends at LAFitness!
hahahaha oh wow
I love Wash!
: Is the biggest douchebag in the world.
im your douche though
Calling your own shots is a blessing/Been leading Tha new school,no freshmen/ Myrick Boy
OMG!!!
is on Twitter?!
I heart DJ Beat Boy!!!
swoon
And the thunder rolls!
Busted my lip playing basketball today
that's so funny!
thank you soo much ur support means soo much
it was a perfect meal after class.
I was thinking about how I was a Soph and the 1st day you wrote doom on my arm..
Yeah random
Gym Bound in the AM ; Goodnight Tweetie Birds : : :
A good bartender has a good memory.
Acknowledging your regulars and remembering their doctornk is a great way to stand out.
There is a history of anonomyzing that type of data
ah...I'm soo behind but thanks
New crib new life no wife
I'm heavily resistant to twitter too.
Still trying to figure it out.
Trying to us it to bring attention to the play I'm producing..
thanks!
right now it's a little scary, but exciting too.
Miss you guys!
I want a job where girls would hire me to see if they're boyfriends would cheat on them.
;
what chu mean by a cancer man will go down
Not as good as Waiting for Goodyear.
u old cookbook bakin azz nigga...I told you you got the perfect professorle....
I am overwhelmed by all these revelations/character witnesses/anonymous witnesses in the trayvonmartin case.
We need a trial.
Have a great Super Bowl Everyone and stay safe, use sober transportation!
walking along the boardwalk fantasizing about a romp in the sand 2day.
i luv getting wet 'n messy  the beach!
wanna see just how wet i get?
All this hate is breaking my heart.StopTheBullies!!!!!!!!!!!
Private Tweet  Do Not Read.
I haven't used any SAP products, but just about every presenter at WISDOM2012 has nothing nice to say about it.
I can usually judge a fellow by what he laughs at.
Snappin on some Super Oasis OG about to crash out.
what happened???
Can I just say, I love Awesome wings, great craft beer, and easy on the wallet.
SkipBayless is getting worse; his radical defense of some, radical hatred of others, and crazy theories just make me shake my head.
Thx to Jason and Abby for celebrating your Anniversary with us!
One of our first Wedding Clients, great to serve the same dinner you had
lololol : The only exercise I get is from sex.
firstworldpain
I love my friends
Large percentages of travel all across the U.S.
occur w/in a 20 min radius  ppl can easily bike or ride
So much fun!!
Be sure to get your head stamped for a discount!
Enjoy the froyo!
Crazy how a song can take you back !
It's Friday.
PushPlay anyways!
No days off!
80s  Sunnytomorrow.
If anyone is feeling sick suggests a glass of your favorite wine by LakeCabernet; repeat if necessary
True.
Guess I'm just done w/ McGee because of injury past.
Let's say I'd be surprised if SG isn't starting, but it's poss.
I've literally said the same thing for the past three months.
So many guys got that fratfat.
Makes my day.
SHOUT OUT TO U GUYS!
PPL FOLLOW THEM THEY HAVE MAJOR SWAG
thanks, too bad ya'll don't deliver outside of :
lol.
IT IS BROKEN!!!
also, have you ever eaten at another breakfast place?
you can do way better than the hop.
oh lord I'm getting them too so annoying
not going to school ...
Pain is inevitable but misery is optional!!
Suggestion7 Promise to think over your opponents' ideas and study them carefully.
Also, Amend 1 is not gov't interference.
It prohibits no behavior.
Episcopalians can samesex marry and Amend 1 doesnt touch ths
Getting ready to teach a new piece of software this week.
Always nervous teaching something for the 1st time.
Wow!
Thank you for acknowledging my blog!
I love your blog as well!
OnlyGhettoPeople try to hold a conversation with you while they taking a shit.
NIGGA I'LL WAIT TILL YOU GET OUT!
You forgot the part about her enormous, exposed rack.
That's part of her brand, I think.
que paso
Have a great weekend everyone!
Unfortunately, we don't have any vegan options right now!
But, we will pass along the suggestion.
nowreading the lovely bones by alice sebold.
haunting and gorgeously written.
i almost started bawling on my morning shuttle to work.
For more than just a moment of truth between the lies told to pull ourselves away from the lives we leave back
FLASHSALE: This weekend, book a room at Glenn for 99 and be automatically upgraded to our doctoram Suite.
Call 8887178851 promo LPR.
Just mailed out my mom's Mother's Day present to Texas all the way from Dayton, OH.
She's gonna LOVE it!
Can't wait to hear her reaction.
:
I always get the Linda's 7layer fudge cake.
he will start crying in a few min
Yup ill b late for work.....
So!
warm up in this library!
how can I possibly wait until December for the movie Les Mis?
this weekend was turnt down
Is morningexchnge on cnbc a part of your morning routine?
If you're watching in New England, you'll see our commercial!
Focus Magazine will be at next week.
Attending photography seminars plus collection seminar hosted by Can't wait!
i come home  theres a random chiweenie dog in my house....
Scary how easy it would be to blow a month's worth of grocery money on fancy cheeses at Whole Foods.
IfIRuledTheWorld I'd bring God back into government.
Lol I was kind of surprised by that one, but I'll take it :
oh my GAD I love the title...all night long....hahahahaa
styling more celebs ...
will be designing fr teen celebs soon ...
I think I just threw up in my mouth a little...
Yes.
EXACTLY like Silent Bob.
Complaining to the professorabout their workload  wasting time in class.
In african studies.
Go join occupy btown u arent going anywhere
come on mexico!!!
defense!
They can hop off my dick RT : Nike just watches how all these resellers racking in professort they want that shit too.....
YES!
Our site will now be premium!
We will have downloadable recipes and will be selling products!
Updating soon!
i know this is late that was my nickname my mom gave me lol
we have selected a new doctormmer and generated the requisite digits welcome 1471024 to the fold more to come
Ur the shit!
Back, like Britney It's a no brainier to go off script, REAL humans are listening!
I suffer everyday
lmfao def agree with this RT : DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
Fall 07 comes to Los Angeles trip say this June?
LoL.
Sounds like fun to me LB .
you should be having a cup of coffee with me tbh
21  Over here I come!!
January 2012 Saturday Nights 21  Over in Hollywood..Get ready cuz here I come
No matter how hard you hug your money, it never hugs back
I think it should be a rule that if you're going to the oscars you have to have ashes dumped on you
Cardinals are hella salty now
Boy, why you so ugly?;
Eckhardt suggests that Apple deal would prevent use of TIF on LStar Rail stop.
awww.
but I want to menace me, too!
so nice XD
Ice coffee road to goochland for Parent time new ozric sound tracking
Oh my, just downloaded blu for a twitter app on my Vista machine, and it definitely is pretty, very pretty...
works well too.
Almost home!
There are specific steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
Good idea!
RT : let's start that Instagram hashtag:
yay!!!
Here we go brownies here we go!!
Woof woof!
Just woke up..
And hungover.
Haven't done this in a long ass time.
Feelin like old dehydoctorted salty balls
Lol ikr : lol let it go.
I was kinda upset last night.
I said who the heck travels????
Lol
youll be alright.....
Getting glamorous salon
bitch DO NOT flatter your self!!
Yes we are a newer store, and just added lunch items a couple weeks ago :
And You Will Know Us By The Trail Of Dead Bodies Of Your Friends Holy Crap Zombie Attrition Is On, Mofo...
Withhold desired activity until after brief writing session
What an amazing day!
We are Reaching the Neediest having delivered 2.7 million meals to North Korea  700,000 meals to the horn of Africa.
why does Louis have less followers than anyone else...DATS MUH BBY
It's too many people to name but we'll keep going
Your welcome!
Just be yourself and be positive and you'll do great!!
: where's it at?
Left school early blah :
Thanks for all of your hard work with the 2012 class.
GO NOLES!!!
Schedule for the fall more or less locked.
Now, to get my summer in order...
HA ha, uh
What's the point of haven all these fuckin registers if y'all not gone use em
your site is down
would really like to the democratic party get their heads' out of their asses this time and put up Hilary like they should've last time!
ur still in school
...Yes?
Question mark?
Happy birthday!
thanks for the follow Carlos!
Oz's Ruby Red slippers are up for auction.
There's no place for these in my home.
There's no place for these in my home..
I totally did that for real.
And for the very same reason.
Big up Surinan people.
Today you all celebrate the end of slavery and the start of your independence.
One Love !
Asabi ;
Badgers are classy while Oregon has to make up for their play with their looks
FirstTake should be fun today because LeBronJames fell apart in the fourth yesterday, provided that SkipBayless is back on the show.
you are dictating the brain of my friend  love megan
I hate you!!!!!!
:O you always get me in trouble!!!
Anvil 980 on special 2.15 plus screen printing!
WOW.
How old were these childoctorn?
Wasted girl: it's washed out at the washed out....haha....thing.
Does your senior loved one prefer to stay at home or move to a facility.
Also addoctorss any concerns they may have to make them feel at ease
Hilarious.
I second this motion.
RT Tebow to the Pack...
only if they give him
compliments from strange  nice; compliment from  awesome!
Great day to apply some inspiration
Thanks dude!
20ThingsAboutMe I am a HUGE Supporter of St.Jude
: All I want for Christmas is a RT from ,  !
Love you all!!!
Merry Christmas!!
hey sister!
Crazy as always.
How r u?
How is galley?
We will never stop loving someone, but we will learn to live without them.
this dude going out wit my ex n he calling me a bitch a fat bitch at that
Goo morrrrnnning friends!
Happy Friday!
how about a professorssional mix for the music on the HD feed?
One direction overpowered by instrumentals.
now i'm gonna buy HELLA CHOCOLATE MILK SO I CAN doctorNK THE BLOOD OF MY BOVINE ENEMIES
our forwards don't block shots remember.
wow im bored but atleast my dad sent me 75...im fina get a skateboard
Dwell as near as possible to the channel in which your life flows.
Henry David Thoreau
doctorft system has been installed....
Beer, wine and sangria on tap!!!
RT : We need volunteers 2 assist with our weekly food backpack program.
once /week/month, email us...
YEAH.
THAT'S RIGHT.
ABasin closes this sunday may 6th so get up there , get in that 100th day or just ride cuz after that summer is in full effect !
Can someone explain to me what Eraserhead is about?
I have no freaking idea what just happened.
A premature mutant worm kills the weirdo???
Now where was I...
Hey gurls im back.
Are you watching the Voice?
Omg Im so excited!
i just came home frome hospiteal tolday.
had surgery last tues, went to sleep that night and hubby couldnt wake me next am
You are welcome!
Have a great weekend!
That is a great pic.
Gotta love SoCal
and thanks for the follows!
We are honored :
misterBooty Leaving Me : Omg....
We only lose things cuz it make u strong
TheRiver is so messed up, but I can't stop watching it.
Anyone else out there watching it?
Sex, lies and secrets in GI factors.
Dirty brokers paid more commission with gender/ illness formula.
Agree.
Many teachers r always on the look out 4 better ways of teaching.
V have 2 make childoctorn want 2 learn
Highland brewery tour in Asheville!
That Brett guy?
RT : Light is considered retired until he declares otherwise.
Doesnt take much as I've found out a couple times.
cause I'll be makin paper like you wouldn't believe, and Im always gettin haters like you wouldnt believe.
idk!!!
i dont follow him here...i follow him on my bieber account but i dont tweet him!
Explaining to my daughter how rocket launcher rof is just as much an issue of personal taste as makeup color.
: do you have an I Phone
you don't call, you don't write, watssamatta , you don't love me no more?
Turns out that an advanced IS undergraduate class is much more challenging than an LS graduate class.
Guess I shoulda guessed that.
RT : Only a few hours left to sign up for the FREE fantasy baseball contest.
It runs tonight, and there's a 250 prize...
Looking forward to from speak about sales in the cloud at 1:30.
A big thank you to the Fox Chapel High School choir, our featured glee club today!
They sound fantastic
Loved this weeks .
The show just keeps getting better and better.
lets hope 4 a 30 point win.20 right now.lets make it 10 more
Anybody watch the Stuxnet story on 60Minutes?
Ugh!!!!!
People power??
More like crap power!
That is what is, a piece of crap!!
:/
Not good at all bro.
Hell yea da west back!
!!!
5 DOUBLE Jack  Cokes tonight, with live music by The Imperial and special guest Molehill  A Common Engine!
you ready to mow!?
And hey leave WV early enough to come to C4!
You sprayed too much perfume in the hallway.
It smells like you paraded 1,500 hookers through here.
When you buy a bag of chips, and its more air in the bag than chips...
Happy New Year to you too!
It's National SalvationArmy Week!
You're helping save lives by shopping at your local family thrift store.
Good items at great deals!
Eating sushi with the hottest jalepenos ever...
yeeeeeooooowwwwwza!
Can you shout me out?
it was a little bit where i was at.
i seent it
Not like I can think of any of those, either, at least not before coffee
i hate when I get motivated at night but when morning comes..its like...fuck dat shit
I'm all for banning plastic bags but before we do that, can we invent a bag that doesn't fucking dissolve when carrying cold bottles/cans?
i need one more day to regroup
Talking bout you got yo power back.
Really, did you?
Are you sure you have not lost it playing with God.
Man aint going to expose you.
U R
I had a doctoram that Bernie Madoff was my barista at a coffee shop.
I was conflicted about tipping him.
Got most of the shots done for our video Sunday.
Got to do individuals now.
And practice.
Lots of practice.
My laptop dosen work!!!!!!!!
Its been over 2 months since i wrote my story amd im srry for keeping everyone waiting but dhats dhe reason why
Yay!
I'm glad : did a good job with them
Appreciate the mention!
Going on a mini adventure and visiting the Providence Public Library and their Special Collections!
hahah!
I think you're alright.
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.
BRB going to buy a plane ticket to kings island on saturday to meet 
Wish I were there, too, but at least has promised to convey all he learns to me.
i just got in troublee!
We need for childoctorn to reach their full potential...we're at a crossroads...which direction will be determined by the noise we make.
Not yet.
We've talked about making that connection though.
Do you know someone there?
The Snowballs Film Festival is part of the Tenement Street Workshopwe're so honored to be part of this great lineup!!
Screening on June 3!
All last night I was like OH YEAH.
I GET TO CUT OPEN A WORM.
HAHA BITCHESS JEALOUS!
It was fantastic.
;D
We will be doing a catered event for a group of 100 Realtor's and some investors in the Portland area the 13TH of this month...
One pitch Prince?
I have so much anxiety about hiring a
Going to Tennessee to record this weekend!
Time for extra long practices...

stop by and say hi!
Thanks.
Can't really say much at the moment.
: on the real she better go get her shit..lol LMFAO right if she knew better she'll do better
There is three of us, :P We're all from different parts, I'm Kels  i'm from Seattle,.
Finished tracking the album!
I just love it when ppl say,I have a dumb question.
and then really ask a dumb question!
and the guy in front of us must of been for the suns or just a really grumpy old guy!!!
Lol
I really wish there was lightning right about now....
No matter how good you get you can always get better and thats the exciting part.
God Please Dont Let Rick Ross Show That Stomach!
why is it that i think i need to keep the bags after i go shopping
Why the hell we got to have skool today I wish it was summer
Parking Spot chauffeur is doctorving like Swervin Ervin.
True love is knowing a persons faults, and loving them even more for them.
Follow all the awesome people we covered this week!
, , , ,
Registrar  Assistant Provost announces app for course evaluations coming soon.
Anybody going to stay up till 12 to tell me happy birthday!?
No..k cool.
man i wanna come to the concert
what you doing lol
YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe being bad at something.
Think positive...
dealer about to doctorw on 750AM now...
5,000 at stake for area kids
I think Mark Zuckerberg will probably laugh solid for the next 30 days.
You think he'll have sex tonight too?
How much better can it get?
Is it a good thing?!
I feel my leg going to Aleppo cause cj big self sitting on it lol !!
so does bert
Finally out of ballet.
.
.
My weekend will start at as soon as I leave this campus in two hrs
Netflix aint working during the flight :
goes on more dates with than I do!
Cause integration: social cause deeply embedded in DNA of company rather than causemarketing 
White makes my bum look big ?
No , I don't think so .
.
.
we went shopping today at SYMS, Bed Bath and Beyond, and Sams Club in Elmsford.......had dinner at Pizza Hut
thanks for the shout out!
especially if it was on a ride home from Leff's after a win!
Stupid rain!
looking forward to sun this weekend.
I need to hurry up and go home aggravated to the max
Imagination rules the world.
Winston Churchill
yesh omfg I had that feeling yesterday :/
Ah baseball!
Can't wait for opening day !
Ondeck series will have to do tonight!
Very welcome!
We found you on facebook and are a fan as well..
Have a wonderful weekend and zapcash is this Sunday!
Pay It Forward Friday PIFF  I bought coffee for people this morning !
What are you going to do?
thx's
This is from the news anchor!
Traffic cams showing I15 and the 515 bumper to bumper traffic for miles...afford that area.
My 8 year old cousin cracks me up, she said  rihanna should date lebron james, he never beats anyone lmaooo
Unless we can have a global cap and trade, NM is not only punished ie cost of business but China's coal emissions will blow on us
Riding round in my new car
Transcribe from looks nice but weary of translation.
How does it do with slang/dialects and different versions of a lang.?

Ginnifer Goodwin has the cutest pixie ever!!!!
wish I was brave enough :
I agree!
Having walked downtown the past couple of Saturdays, this problem is really being undersold.
It is like a war zone.
Ok.
What's up with sticking the dance mash up in a circus tent in the parking lot of
Going to go die my hurrrrrrr.
No Phone until after 3....its getting fixed...need me hit me on here....or the book
you could always hop on the bus : the COTA is free with a BuckID
love my TEAM.!
Nap was much needed lol.
Its amazing what you can hide, just by putting on a smile.
that happens to al of us
Wait.
Is tonight's American Idol the finale?
And THAT'S their finalists?
That's just sad.
I just want to fight someone.
Even if I can't win.
whosupforit?
It was our pleasure!
RT : Enjoyed seeing my PDX glutenfree restaurant piece in August's Thanks!
Are ya'll the company that images the whole shirt?
Yes...that's us!!
When ONLY Xclusive will do!
thanks for the follow : !
We had a fabulous turnout at our very first Technology Workshop today!
And yep, we even mentioned Twitter.
We're in the home stretch...
Hey I just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe?
What is the lure of comic book movies?
Can anyone please explain this to me?
will do boo!
Lucky Dog will be at Petfiesta on 5/5!
Many great adoptable dogs to meet and greet, 104pm.
Im here!
RobertsGirl 
I would rather stay in on a Friday night and spend with my husband versus go out.
Event season is around the corner..
Now 42 in Soccer this week and cash flow positive for me and all my clients, get on the list
oh I don't get that way  mainly b/c If I doctornk too much water I throw up
: Hot and gooey chocolate chip cookies and milk yes gimme
On 101 at SFO it is raining.
cool cause I'm getting so pumped for this shit we going to kill it son
Is it late enough/to wake you up
I'm maybe going to eat this burger and doctornk a bottle of wine and maybe go to the gym tomorrow instead.
IT'S RAINING HARD AGAIN BUT THIS TIME LOUDER
For all that the netflix UI was better, I could never get Boxee to show me my ENTIRE Netflix watch instantly queue.
Not great.
Robert here actually took my adhd medicine today, so lets get down to business Gives a shoutout and we give you an audio out!
how did you felt by being in the stage of ABDC again?
follow me,please?
:
i got tweet limit on my other account..
Was really looking forward to it too.
Been a long time since I looked forward to the O's playing.
RT : New report focuses on smartgrid apps  6 trends shaping grid evolution.
Available to GigaOM Pro subscribers 4/21.
Some girl asked if Louis was gay on Yahoo answers.
I said yes.
what is new?
Thanks!!
We love our JABBERS, too!
OK histtech art tech  others: What's the earliest CONFIRMABLE date for use of a staple gun in stretching painting canvas?
Beautiful day in Indy!
What are your plans for today?
You know you're at the gym too much when you wash your face and scratch yourself with a callus
were the party at
1ofmyflaws, I worry too much about everyone I care about.
Wow I just cant.
How does your mom doctorp your iPad and break it.
That's just messed up.
Be the leader and be forever responsible for your own day.
Hey I just met you, And this is CRAZY , but you are sexy, so have my babies ;
I think 's trying to kill me.
Seriously.
Look at his eyes..
am I the only one doctorwning in them?
We'd like to resolve this issue for you.
Please send your email information to  we will assist you.
Belfanz: it's hard to educate all students, and we're human.
If you're told you don't have to, kids are going to get left behind.
My doctorams made me want a baby though.
Awe.
Thanks!
RT : Happy Sunday and Happy AIDSwalk!
We're here bright and early!
thanks for supporting she is a twitter friend.
Way too early to have Christmas music in my head.
Thanks, Attila!
Hope your week has gotten off to a good start.
:
who cares.
Hope he gets off
Remember when I said I was gonna leave Tom Hanks alone for a while.
I meant it
Received a do not call our people call today.
How does he handle that event?
Can't win
Leading car finance website Car Loan 4U explains why new cars are so...
The UKs leading car finance website Car Loan 4U comments on th
I respect everybody until you give me a reason not to...
Had a ok morning now ready to get this work over wit......
On the phone with verizon for 1h20min.
Getting my issue resolved...but is that a record?
Sure feels like it.
Train derails, leaking ethanol in Pasco, WA.
Watch the latest on
If you don't want to hear me complain, maybe u should stop doing things for me to complain about!
How was everyones weekend??
I had a great weekend!
Checked out the , perused through Gear CoOp!
and went for a hike!
This is riciculous RT Disappointed re: no wifi in session rooms.
Tough for us w/out smartphones.
I may make it a life goal to make inappropriate comments to as many bestselling YA authors as I can.
I've already offended at least three.
Just know: everyone around u was once that baby.
If they make a neg.
comment, it is ok to punch them right in the jaw.
Why thanks  I appreciate the must follow.
Have a great one!
i've never seen the movie The Notebook
It's gonna be a long day.
Inventory at work.
I haven't been up this early in forever
Bored,bored,and more bored.i wish that certain someone would call me.
love and respect your mission
Bad stuff happens, revise, regroup, learn from your mistakes
Can't wait till this money start puring in man !
Yeah, but I had to pay for mine...
and no one has even noticed.
lol!
Miss my nephew 
New office debate...
to go to Coachella or not to go?!
that is no argument
Class of 2013, good luck.
You guys have by far the most ignorant and immature students ever.
Hopefully Summer 2012 will mature some of you
thanks, Annie  I like the white ink, too  very 1718 C esque
NEWS: Since it's Easter weekend coming up for me, I'll be covering Our God is Greater.
Pumped Up Kicks is set back two weeks or less.
:
Thanks lovely!
Hope you and are feeling better!
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
Headed to the BAY!
Must get a nap today.
I'm a little sad to be moving.
I'm gonna miss my family even though they doctorve me nuts most of the time.
/3
I might give it a go with Marcus' friend, he seems great.
When I get a job the first thing Ima get is X Box Live ..
I wonder if any of the kids I used to babysit are still fucked up over the things I told them would happen if they didn't brush their teeth.
We were glad to have caught at The Haven tonight as part of
Just went to see dark shadows
Doesn't look like we received your email.
Can you DM us you info  we'll follow up with you?
Prom doctorss frenzyy
Misty May has a great sense of humor.
omg Jaymie.
How come idk what's going on in your life anymore.!
This scared the crap out of me!
I hope you get better!
3you and
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite hoops tweeple: !
Black Friday will come and go, and is the best symbol of American consumerism at its...
finest or worst?
LastTimeIChecked , You was A Lakers Fan !
Turn up the music turn it up nooww
Did you hear about the cannibal that came home late for dinner?
His wife gave him a cold shoulder...badaboom...
Its only 100 calories.
Eat as many as you want they are health
The Alert's toll free number is not working right now.
Pls call 2104925266 or 3123371362 for help with your orders.
Thanks Sprint!
NPLIL WAYNE FT BRUNO MARS MIRRORS HE KILT IT THE SONG IS SO POWERFUL
Last minute prep for my session.
Come out to the Mobile Tech Platforms: Agile Strategies for the Defense Enterprise  13:30
I wonder who hm???
I dunno about fantasy football.
My team is not good in that league even though it's put up tons of points so far.
Horrible WRs.
..small minded ppl always talkin about other ppl shutfa!!.
I just love how I can hear the West High baseball game from my front porch.
Why can't it be an awesome team like Vols or East?
;
Put KG, an angry Rondo, and a liquored up Tommy Heinsohn in a dark room, whose coming out alive?
Wow It is really windy out there.
well goodnight love yalls
Love me some Zak Bagans!
Can't wait for new Ghost Adventures tomorrow night!
Going to be GREaT night!
if you follow or favorite this tweet i will run down my street screaming I LOVE ALEX
Wow that was a great rehersal/workout I think me J Reed, r skwared  juice el tio hugo are ready for the show tomorrow at UCD, metro  ccd
pull some weeds, then it might look like heaven!
Dear Followers, Just wanted to say that this is not automatic deal posting program.
Someone is manually finding deals and posting it.
RT : Cool idea: Fashion Rock mobile truck for  Gene Woods Sin City Speedway:...
Thinking of taking the Chicago Architecture Boat Cruise at 5:30 in case anyone else is interested
Okay, the next step in my int'l attainment project wil be attempted ALL on R.
gulp
More than happy to help.
Karma Karma Karma Chameleon.
Song terrorism.
Have a great day!
welcome to twitter!!
: D
So great.
Thanks so much for the heads up!
we will rock the MI hills.
I love my sons so much.
I would do anything for them.
How come the shittiest cars always use The Club.
Don't worry dude, nobody wants your sweet '96 plymouth voyager.
An enemy can give you more insight in a minute than a friend can in a lifetime.
How do you respond to feedback?
Louis RT Guess who said this: One of the highlights for me was when I landed the lead role in Grease.
Can u send me ur advising questions for nontraditional students?
what does that mean?!
Ozzie Guillen explains remarks.
I'm a fcking moron.
Hiking and Christmas caroling in my car
BEst CC: Peri and the Piscon Paradox.
And yes, it made me cry.
On set...like a cool kid :
One of the differences I noticed between UK/US: in US all adults have sir/ma'am added.
Shoppers use it w/ assts too.
What's going on in the in zone lol
That awkward moment when someone deletes their comment on Facebook and you look like youre talking to yourself.
Do something greater than you and welth will come.
Think about it.
Tonight dont miss as we showcase 3 of Chicago's top local bands!
7 entry :: 21 :: doors at 7:30
quotes When we make college more affordable, we make the American doctoram more achievable.
Steel cut oats and romandie?
Don't mind if I do.
you bet we do that!
All day every day
coo coo
One word Stiff Arm
well, it's unlikely to be stolen.
Got a Thai massage last night  it's way less painful  more relaxing to get 2030 acupuncture needles!
And my God will supply all your needs according to His riches in glory in Christ Jesus.
Philippians 4:19
Trying to climb the social ladder huh?
I hope you fall and break your face.
are you a Sox or Yanks fan??
would you happen to be watching it?
Football references are lost on me.
I love leg.
Yes!
Oh, let me taste your tears, Scott!
RT : I hope you can hear me grumbling at you right now
TONIGHT at doctornken Unicorn DirtyHollywood !!
Sounds from DJ Skooter !!
Come turn up
When women go wrong, men go right after them.
She Done Him Wrong
meant to say Monday!
It is Sunday here in GA!
Functioning wo coffee!
Happy bday!
Girl:I hate u Boy:Y I'm sexy and u know it Girl:no Ur freakin ugly like wait r u changing tha subject I don't get my friend made it up
How thoughtful.
After this shower surprises you with smoldering hot water it immediately ices you off with freezing cold water.
Everyday.
u keep freezing like wat the heck i live in chicago and chiago is freakin cool!!!
hey u stoped  live at...
When I first saw you I said oh my, oh my, that's my doctoram.
That's my doctoram.
That is why the clippers can't have nice things.
You ROLL Lauren congrats!
:
3/4/12 Female artist if the day TaraDonovan.
Cellular and globular forms that remind me of the building blocks of life.
Sometimes I just gotta let shit go and say to hell with it and move on
lmfao girl yu have a creative imagination but what time I need to be there yu know im Italian,black, and Indian
Good morning
I'm not wearing any pants to audoctoryparty.
Poverty rate for nonHispanic whites was 9.5 in 2010 but over 25 for Hispanics.
: Wearing crocs is like getting blown by a dude.
Feels great until you look down and realize your gay.
: Good morning.
Gud morning 2 u too
Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday....Me and are totally gonna be jammin' out to at Castleton...
romeny is a CHAMPIONChampion LIAR, that is!!
Couldn't tell truth if we PAID him.
Oh so you say she akkin stoopid?
My twitter has become a place to find out Teamisterchee results  stalk celebs mainly Dianna, Megan Park,  Chelsie.
Need 2 get back here more
there's supposively supposed to be a shooting.
Counting down the days to the National Collegiate Relay for Life Summit in Orlando.
Wanted to tell you, by the way, I really appreciated your panel.
Gave me buckets of hope/enthusiasm/imagination.
Deep breath!
Presentation is over.
Worked flawlessly from the iPad.
Now I can sit back and enjoy the rest of the EUCI web conference.
Single Roger.
Single Joan.
Can this please happen?
july/august 2012  we're tracking some this month
Now that is using a private cloud, that same objective is accomplished in 45 minutes.
not right now, im tryna stay away from the cammera lol
thank you :
RT : Charity serving their 6 millionth meal today at lunch time.
WOW.
Let's get a round of applause!!
Missed this yesterday.
I was MIA.
IF is one of my favs too.
I love how well students seem to respond to the challenge of it.
Look forward to watching every Thursday faithfully best show ever...
Obsessed with
IhateWhenRappers tweet quotes about not finding love.
Maybe if you'd stop telling her bitch shake your ass...
Thank you!
I spent it with Abbers and Mema...
she  I went to lunch...
it was great!
Hope yours was too!
3
When my mom doesn't cook me anything .
Go Hawks!
Maybe next year for the Cubbies?
Good Night Moon!
It's been great keeping company with you tonight.
Until tomorrow...
I love el grande
So at least in sports, when it goes bad, it goes completely south for me lol
Eric deliberately ruined this garment in the laundoctory.
I was under Eric's spell at the time, as soon as Ava was born the spell broken
The eyes did it first;
yes but I have way more and way varied presentations compared to normal this week
I'm writing mine now.
The Everest trip is part of it.
Join With Eric West/facebook for daily highaltitude stuff.
Thanks!!
I'm sad that you live in London   I would love to meet you for coffee or doctornks!
I sure will!
Let's recruit RT : Nice run with tonight!
Could this be the start of a RKPRrunclub?
um, well hello there handsome ;
Alright, im so over feeling like this, like a straight pansy.
Plenty of other problems in this world.
time to ManUp!!!!!
i just looked up my name on google the first thing that came up was my actual twitter scarryyyyyy
It's messy as hell though!
3 3 cake cake cake cake RT : Love when I get random messages on gtalk from
I also look for engaging characters, including non human or robotic characters.
I want to be able to live through them.
Border Shorts the best of the short films made in our area at 130pm Saturday, 8/14.
2.
plazaclassic.com.
gunna go see The Avengers ...
time to nerd it out .
Glad you're doing well.
RT : I'm ready to get back to work tomorrow
the Accordian man is playing the coffee shop today.
yeah and your cousin just got knocked outta way that was not cool
not NBA2K12?
I need to play that for work.
Plus MLB2k12 kinda weak IMO
yobitv Anyone out there with here in his attempted expansion of the genre sandwich ?
omg!
i tweeted about this song like 5 min ago!
Its a sad song : lol.
Don't not call me baby I am not your girl I hate that shit
i can take the car
not much at all dude!
You?
haha least im not the one that's late this time.
were you just at lifetime...?
Mark Rylance Play, Written With a Favorite Poet, Is Coming to Minneapolis Theater
You only know my name, not my story.
So dont judge me.
Song, maybe.
None of the others do through balls like Cesc.
17 days until our shows!
I like his paintings better.
A friend did an ugrad thesis on his novelsthat makes two people I know!
Opening party for mongolianvillage was perf intro to Hong Kong's FSHN scene!
Highlites: the overdoctorssed asian cinema stars!
Kayaking: Carrie Johnson punches ticket to Olympics; Other American spot still up for grabs
To Troll2 lovers  you're attempting to reconcile why you love it, but, in the end, you're failed creative folk who serve coffee.
Political power is ephemeral.
Just ask Ozymandias, king of kings...
Only art  language survive, thrive, and are perpetually born again.
Bliss.
just picked my shirts from the world's best tailor.
Sadi 7704330954
Good morning
Every year I covet J.
Crew's orange chino shorts, and every year they sell out of my size before I can get them.
NOT THIS YEAR, J.
Crew.
1st off this game is far from over 2nd this is a series..
we will win
I agree 100
I believe in you too
Distance doesn't matter if we really love the person.
What matters most is our honesty  trust for that relationship to work out.
Happy Thanksgiving to all our students, faculty and staff.
Have a great holiday!
MCNY classes will start again on Saturday.
See you then.
good joke!
And dodgers r my team too
m.
Fresh, homemade Pear Cobbler just out of the oven!
Hurry in and grab a piece a la mode with some Anodyne coffee :
Last night I had a pleasure to sit in with the top Czech jazz trioRobert Balzar Trio.
Great musicians...
Next week Hamburg and Berlin, DE
I gotta teach u a thing or two !
All These females are worried about is getting fuck!
Morning!
: RT : Good morning twitter family!
:
When ChuckNorris falls in water, Chuck Norris doesn't get wet.
Water gets Chuck Norris.
I'm Bad With Interviews Though....
today's soups are watercress  potato w/bacon and tomato w/parmesan
Ugh don't feel good at all.
Thanks!
I'll get it there.
:
Aristotle recognized that success is one part a clear and practical ideal and one part the necessary means to achieve it.
ppl quit wen they R feet away 4rm the finish line..
Don't get caught up in the hardships of the race, remember every race has a finish line.
why is everyone reading beowulf?
you make us happy : thanks for listening
News flash!
A new batch of Adios, Mofo shirts will be ready on Monday!
furthest thing from a racist kid.
because ChikfilA is so awesome.
We are def.
lacking down here in South Fla!
I told it to  we both laughed.
But we didn't win, dang it.
Howdy, gang!
Im Like The Girls That You talking Now Please!!
Dont Be A bad Person
Savings Tip  spiral light bulbs
Oh god, this fat thing in class won't stop staring at me.
I'm sorry ma'am, I don't go for whales.
followed : just follow my new account I'm gonna delete this account :
I blame all my bladder problems on Twitter.
Philip Rivers, you are no longer my favorite player.
I love water so much damn.
thank you for the amazing cupcake!
Resolutions start soon.
Soon after the cupcake!
Getting to know my new home real well
So many questions about Wisconsin Public Library Consortium while here at
not just good fantastic!!!!3
Craig Finn solo from Hold Steady and Horse Thief ON THE SAME NIGHT!!!
Get your asses to the Conservatory!
Doors NOW!
IDONTKNOWWHYIMYELLING!
HPTweet2WIN Everyone loves a winner
At work guarding tanker trucks.
Thinking of Sarah, thinking of Wendy.
There are undisputed benefits for content blogging: more indexed pages, inbound links, website visitors, and social media reach.
It's sad to get hurt so much that whenever people ask you how you're feeling, all you can say is: I'm already used to it.
uh im the one that told you about that awesome place and how i am always there cuz i live close.
you forgot!
Thanks, hon!
We're so happy you joined us and appreciate the kudos.
It makes the sore muscles easier today.
:
Looking to source a DJ for 10/21 In Living Pink fundoctorising event at Nonpaid msg me
Funny.
When you look at the Des Moines Register, Iowa Caucuses coverage, who do you see most prominently?
President Obama.
Ha!
Last Rite rehearsal was a good one.
Blessed to have such lovely dancers
hells to the yes!!!
Maybe a doctorss Tomorro
'Rudest waiter' restaurant may not close after all A San Francisco Chinese restaurant once known for having the world's rudest waiter m
Eyes slowly closing
Moe's will be the cheapest FatTuesday spot tonightAll doctornks are 2 after 8pm!
RT to spread the word!
RT doctornko De Mayo : Tequila, Tequila!!
Shake your hips like battleships.
if the Lakers lose tonight I'll be happy
Which was the last movie you have seen?
follow me on instagram:
Don't worry, I'm positive you'll make it: If you truly set your mind to it.
Allways Proud!
How'smy favorite wine connoisseur!
hey, I just mehchu..
and this is CRAZY ;
This just in!!!!
Afrolicious live band will be playing Sierra Nevada World Music Festival this year!
Saturday June 23rd!!
Woahh what up ?!
How you livin ??
Lmao I cant find mine neither bro
Slow down
Yeah me too.
I hope they give him a lot of pt this year!
Damn lol RT : in a trashcan?
RT : oh look, how fucking convenient.
I got dumped RIGHT before the summer.
YOU ALWAYS FIND A WAY TO KEEP ME ON.
CAN I JUST LEAVE?
YOU CAN'T KEEP US FOREVER YOU KNOW.
so I'm looking for ur fb and I seen u deleted it again lol
Great.
Listening to
Got to love Mayweather for what hes doing for the city...
Vegas is insane right now.
Good luck!
it was great meeting you today at the RIT career fair!
Hope to be in contact soon!
i get hyphy to that.
Daaaaa fuck you going to sleep for?
Today is the birthday of FirstLady Julia Tyler.
She was the 1st First Lady to hire a press agent even though her husband did not have one
yea not fighting zombies wearing those black leather gloves w/that stupid hammer he won't.
uh great guy?
You win!!!
In a nation of capitalism, such as the United States, the only successful people are the educated, skilled, and owners.
GO NOTRE DAME BITHCHES!
FIGHTING IRISH ALL THE WAY!
Thanks for tweeting about WineRiot!
Will we be seeing you there?
Even more jealous.
and once she reaches her breaking point, there's no going back ..
Albaneses thin crust  Crown Royal Old Fashion sour.
Good way to end a great week.
Go puck yourself quoted by
there is a problem with ESPN2.
It would be good to resolve your issues with the Tennis Channel.
.
looks like a Musketeer and Aramis is the first name of a Musketeer.
I like where this is going.
GLEE.
If you're not having and sing Barbra  Donna Summer's duet 'Enough is Enough', then don't bother w disco
hanging with Lex Geddings last night at churchills...great stories n a lot of laughs
Watching Crank this movie is awesome!
Hey Brittney  congrats on your Playboy Cover!
We're so happy for you.
Take care  Nick  Alex
have a good one, bud!
twitting from the shop working on shirt!
Watching Tucker  Dale vs Evil.
Haven't laughed this much in a long time.
You didn't really need my vote, but I voted for you anyway!
: Congrats!!
I did!
Actually, I donating snacks to the school
4WordsYouDontWantToHear is THAT your dick?
Love folks complaining how aren't playing in their backyard...
TRAVEL!
not to mention 2 legs of tour unannounced.
Stop chasing the hedgehog and read the new book by Jim Collins Great by Choice instead.
Chef Special: Herbseared Swordfish, Shiitake mashed potatoes, tempura green beans  yozu butter sauce.
great photo.
what a cutie.
I have 3 dogs  4 cats.
My own little animal army lol
I'm sorry to miss it too:
Happy New Year!!!
What are some of your resolutions?
Where y'all at U need to be at Club Allure
Sound like you can't hang.
If you wasn't so busy dancing you would be ok...lol
Had a blast with  on their !
Watch for it in a couple of weeks  thanks guys!
RT: : I am a librarian.
And no, I don't fear the future.
So stop trying to scare me by saying books are dead, libraries are dead
Say, you boys and you big shots up in Albany, read the history of Tweed!
He got along with the Republicans upstate very nicely, too.
milwaukee 50LB Rock salt has been selling fast and we have barely had any snow fall this winter!!Stop in and get a pallet for under 250!
if HappyEverAfters did exist,i would still be holding u like this.all those fairy tales are full of shit.1more stupid love song,i'll be sick
Think your cat loves you?
Yeah?
Try dying alone and see how long it takes for your cat to eat your face.
i must admit, this may be the first project that has ever really been daunting to me, lol

i wanna go out tonight !!!!!
See you later LA, we'll be back soon enough!
I'm pumped!
Just messing around on the keys and powwww
On vote in NC, Pres Clinton says Gay marriage is a threat to marriage?
Fck that, my dick was the biggest threat to my marriage..
Yes, when Time misinterprets unusual people, we will seem out of line.
Bad journalism does that.
Great presentation live on AJ.
Thanks.
the bitterish ash
loving So Jaded
singing Starships is making mine and 's lives
is completely regreting every second of pulling an all nighter.
I can barley keep my eyes open.
if you're human then yes.
Also, I need lawyer
i was told never to be late to sunday church...but with caroline that seems to never work out
TWO DAYS
Me too Tressle Coach of the year!!!!
Love that OSU made the show though!
The goal is clear communication.
I am less interested in rules than in making my ideas understood.
Just found some Cheese Nips in my coat pocket.
Score!
Meeting my bff for a longoverdue catchup chat and a glass of winehappiest of happy hours
Oh my goodness.
30 mins left to try and win...
U LOOKED HANDSOME....
SOME DARE TO BE DIFFERENT....
U WEAR IT WELL...
;0
When a guy calls me cutie pie !!:
Thanks!
I could not ask for a better web and graphic designer than Emma Walker Superb!
Guns turn ya boys into pussies, SEX CHHHAAAAAAAANNNNGGGGEE!
What a decidedly odd week.
It's also day 5 without dessert.
Can't wait to fit into those business shorts.
OhioState announces 50 million increase in student financial aid over next four years, including new scholarships and grants.
they have swag
oh!
Yeah I want that!
Thirty third and one third I heard the illuminated ones
Im Not Trying To Be Rude But I Don't Like These Mfs'
I like the way you work it w/
How many Peeps would it take to fill you up?
AWESOME!!!
Love them.
You DEF should : xo
Why when I have school I cant sleep the night before??????
Can information radiators be too big?
I guess if they are a fire hazard...
Nah.
I wish Rick Ross were part of GOOD Music because he would have done the hook on Mercy so much better.
First stop; Coney Island of course!
Goodbye im not kidding.
I will miss you guys so much.
I wish i could stay in washington but the rents are making me.
Anybody wanna take me?
hey hero director master while you r in the Atl for your Pilot, stop by and c me !
Beer  cocktail on me
We are rocking with the Mustang Amps!!
Back back Back back What!?
Gimme 50 ft
hey everyone!
c'mon Hawks, fight your way back in the tourney!
Great day Now picking up my new Michael Kors handbag 3
Nationals Werth breaks wrist on sliding catch
All of the Small Business Owners in  around Abq need to be aware and understand what their  is being spent on at The Chamber of Commerce
I cannot think of any need in childhood as strong as the need for a fathers protection.
Sigmund Freud
When you get bored plan something special for someone :
aha.
you asshole if you hurt her, im coming after you and it's not gonna be pretty.
Words with Friends must be run by Westboro Baptist Church as it just told me 'vagina' is an unacceptable word!
where did u hear 30?
I don't have a membership : If I did, I'd have an endless supply of yogurt and lunchsized hummus haha.
Steve was the father of Rev.
Samuel who was Marjorie Main's dad
that's a lot of photographs!
I don't think it's true, D
Fukk that last tweet bakk to the money who kumin to fukk with thug
Pardon my language folks.
Sorry
Your recovery from Breast Enhancement surgery includes removal of the sutures in just 46 days.
Feeling good right about now.
only if the philosopher is doing a poor job of observing, no?
3 more days!
springbreak I need you so!
Photographer just brought in olive oil and bread after shooting an olive oil place.
Am in heaven.
All I need now is cheese.
And frosty MD.
Yes all day
Lush Puppy fully supports my lazy Sunday goals.
Not sure when we'll get out of bed.
Bliss.
:
Just bcuz u think cool means to cuss and fight doesnt mean im going to cuz in 20 years ur gonna look back and wish you were me.
They're few and far between...haha
Not feeling it tonight
We have so much to be thankfull for.
Life is so good!
thingsparentsssay because I said so!
Nice hike today with .
Saw a baby rattler on the way up.
No problem.
It's my wisdom of crowds!
Thinking of ditching user centered design for association centered design.
Seems to be much more in demand.
once Jared was at table it was either use a to or keep the to.
Bo thought more important to have to than Jared in.
spent 85 on there today and I ain't even mad.
anything to be BAHAMA MAMAS.
32 DAYS AH
ever seen a dot on the wall and flinch cause u thought it was a bug.
Mourning my Zags loss with a belly full of seafood, no dessert  Bored to Death
Our winnertakeall political system creates a natural twoparty duopoly.
gets wry for
how is it that everyone is so weak at once in isr politics?
Only Lieberman exudes confidence and that just comes from crazy.
I say get whatever u can get.
we will keep this in mind next time we are downtown.
delayed response.
doing camden and saturday merriweather, hope to see you there!
: This test grade just made my day!!
agstat seeing me should always make your day!
Just realized The Cars started up in my head because a friend doctorve me home tonight.
Damn my mind, and it's need to reference everything!
State Attorney Lawson Lamar 'We know that Robert Champion died as a result of beating not just 1 strike but multiple blows.
RT I want to cut my hair shorter I'll regret it.I want to shave my head and wear a toupe for kicks.I'll regret it.
What a nice morning it is:
depends on the flowers...
It was hard.
We loved Ersala very much.
She was my best bud.
But....the house is too quiet, so...
here we go again!
CMAawards ZBB always a beast.
Bringing out Allman out for Georgia rendition.
Killer.
does QM look at instructor behaviors or only the design of the course?
I'm hoping to practice hard to get into masters!
Hebrews 11:1 Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.
Guessing won't watch our Last Day at Lambeau feature in about 90 minutes on at 9:00pm, but will you ?
AhHa!
not too far off
RT if u like Jessie J !!
: Thanks for following me the pleasure is ours!
I know I feel ugly without my hair
Done and done!
its WAY WAY better than pulling GREY!
Be GLAD!
RTP what about you?
How sad, hashtags.org is now deceased : So long and thanks for all your service!
Their assets are now
You SO made her day, love ya!!
: She has never smiled so big before having to start homeschool...haha!
Hey Brian, appreciate the Monday mention!
Have a great week!
Looking forward to game 3 of the Lakers match up!!!
: Go Lakers!!!
learn the hard way  Tweet watching someone u care about will get yur feelings hurt
I'm in this!
a few elite players can put their teammates in a better position to score and use them more effectively
A doctormmer is a musician's best friend.
Just wait until MLB ALL STAR GAME
can I have one of my baby Thomas3?: pleasethankyou.
Putting The West On His Back
Now Jean Dujardin has even more smiktten admirers.
Great New Wallpapers..STILL IN LOVE WITH YOUR WORK : absolute LOVE :P
thanks for your support!
Super awesome!
Am I supposed to see the commercials leading up the show?
Right now all I see is a weather map.
Meeting at WPPI Energy in Sun Prairie to discuss how to maximize the impact of municipal owned electric utilities in economic development.
I asked about new album stuff.
They said that they're writing and praying and working on their new album.
I think so too!
this be
no matter what i'm gonna continue doin me
My new obsession.
Finding live versions of songs and watching them on Youtube.
So much fun
There are rose bushes in my new front yard.
Blissful.
I kno your body so well
I'm about keeping irritating clowns out of my life.
It keeps my heart rate at rest
Okay, I will bow to convention, even though I loathe capitalized proper nouns and unclear abbreviations!
They Shaded Nicki
yeah really!?!?!
We always talked during the summer while I was on vaca!!!
Someone talk ??
:
dope didn't know you took that!
Former BC Eagle  Miami Dolphin JohnBosa joins his longtime pal on the show at
I've Been living in ny for 200 days.
extra innings!!
Announcer: Super Bowl Champion Donald doctorver!
Do you know If not, tell her I sent you.
You are two of the most amazing women out here...
It's open enrollment!
Successfully changed my health plan to include NOT getting hurt and sick this year.
a big OL' headache : You?
It's been a long day...I need a doctornk lol...or something right now
Who is joining us for this year's ?
VP of Engineering will be there!
Experts Say We Can't Let Down Our Guard Against AlQaida  WTRF
Strange tour guide giving awkward tour of Lau 2.
You can go to the Mug if you want to get some coffee.
Library scavenger hunt?
Too mad i stepped in some dogshit 
You'll never plough a field turning it over in your mind.
Irish Proverb
Thanks for showing up Melo
Howdy!
Take a looksee inside the Pensacola Beach venue!
Intense eyecontact , Can you handle it , CAN YOU HANDLE IT ??
you tryna make a nigga cry
RT : Nah son ain't just call Iggy that did he?
Yes I know!
I broke the 3 day cycle...had too...woke up at 11 am sharp Today!
Getting work done, feel really refreshed!
Thanks!
Had to check out thinklikeaman and the movie is hilarious!
Big congrats to and movie was HOT
I totally get it.
Have fun!!
Hahaha!
It worked.
Yeah!
I love it :
great post!
Also you'll have more time for volunteering with me!!
: : :
I can't seem to download the eMusic manager.
I did step 1 but step 2 not working
Spirited discussion of MCLA teams at NCAA varsity schools just took place, confusion over details, will be reworded in Operating Policy
If you wanna fight it out with , one of you can come on my extra tkt.
Glee making me cry two weeks in a row.
did you open up the package I sent you yet?
Email me your thoughts on that Notebook.
I hate coaching JV.
What the hell are white girls gonna do today?
the phillies have off?
Quite possibly the most beautiful night this summer.
Enjoy
Oh, no!
that's unfair!
You should come stateside to see them!
I would love to see them at the festival in San Francisco!
I love being the reason class doesn't get out early you'rewelcome
kids Live shark feedings at Museum of Nature  Science at Dallas Museum of Nature  Science  Science Building, Wed, May 16 11:00a: What...
The United States is supposed to be the land of the free and the home of the brave.Where my people at?
Look up!
Speak up!
Stop
NBA is finally back.
Now I hope hockey goes on a lockout
C's car has been repaired.
Still waiting to see if she will have a place to live after 8/7.
I'll use it with my future lover.
Can't wait to meet him...whoever the universe brings.
game of thrones.
Thanks!
Also, keep meaning to send you congrats on your partnership with the shop.
That's very cool!
Magic Johnson is the manPERIOD!!
CAPITOL LETTERS
yeah buddy

RT : Jaguars super pissed after finally realizing the punter they doctorfted in the third round is a punter.
SNN will be covering the 2012 Women of the World Poetry Slam in Denver Live!
It's gonna be incredible!
Leading Awaken in one hour.
Fitting, I think.
Lord, please wake us up!
WOW...
BLAKE BATTLED for that ball and DJ with the Slam Dunk!!!
CLIPPERS down 2
Sunset doctorve through farmland.
80 degrees and windows down.
Whiskeytown and Al Green on.
That'll do, weekend.
That'll do.
Ah!
Where did you find that?!
i am now following you!:
Masters Sunday!
Happy New Year to you, too!
Talk soon!
Perhaps the Midwest is not as susceptible to the gravitational pull of shallow interestingness?
I could buy that.
you should bring it for Monday.
Food and singing?
Watch out Eng9 !!
Happy Middle of the week!
:
Better results: waal2012 everyone needs to be a researcher because data has to inform our work
Played Epic Citadel; I don't get it!
Yes the graphics are great but now what???
we have jobs, duh!
that's how we're able to protest on the taxpayer dime.
Q: hazard of linked data  what if what you're linking to changes or goes away?
No longer have control over the whole network.
enters, wearing a baby?
Check your DM.
waiting for to come cuddle with me and watch the human centipede.
RT : If what you want is taking its time getting to you, you've simply got a little more growing to do.
Nice!
Hope the move goes very smoothly.
Looking forward to visiting.
Congrats to , who became a Canadian citizen today!
Via
nice to meet u as well and yes, I'm in LA.
Enjoyed this week's show, esp.
Bear's thoughts on thematic development in his compositional process.
Don't part with your illusions.
When they are gone, you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.
are you in WI?
so much hatred for the song 'no regrets' by dappy.
the play I'm in opens Thursday,  my office is restructing this week....um, awesome?
hopefully so.
Who's up?
Don doctorper's plaid jacket is a short connector flight to sideburns and 'The doctor Look'.
Not sure I'm ready for that...
The concert was amazing.!
Put it down in H town.!!
it says ur not taking games from me right now.
:
Buying commercial publishers would be expensive.
So is paying subscriptions So is equipping existing venues to deal with extra load
Sorry to read that.
Thoughts are with you all.
i wasn't on sir
Finished a 10k  getting ready for some turkey!
Happy Thanksgiving!
How great is that show?!?!
Guys, Please like Hear it From Us on Facebook.
It's a kids webshow that I'm writing and editing.
Next week I'm hoping to be interviewed.
:
tell your brother to call me i need to tell him sumthng .
Addicted to The WalkingDead!!
Can't wait for the next episode.
JSEDWARDS MENTS CLOTHING IS DOING A TRUNK SHOW THIS WEEKEND WITH ROBERT GRAHAM SHIRTS SAT.
10 5
who doesn't hate school..
and I'm confused are you in school or not?
Millennium Laboratories Commends Florida39;s Governor Scott For Strengthening Regulation of Clinical Laboratories
I had Southern Tier's Raspberry Wheat once.
Would choose Abita's if given the choice of the two..
Early good morning all.
Very often following your Passion demands a sleep sacrifice.
I just earned the Pro badge on Yelp!
I followed just for you: now can you follow me?: pretty please with a cherry on top?: 3 I love you Alex!:
good shot and yes that is U!!!
not it
To many people undervalue what they are and over value what they aren't.
Great discussion happening on FB.
Did Jesus tithe?
I got a free ice cream cone!!!
Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
Congratulations to our client BO American Brasserie for being named Maryland's Best New Restaurant at the gala last nite!
changeisnt tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires
Dissonace got that bounce
a sense of humor is critical to a happy life.
when you laugh alot, its like an internal massage
Isn't that your job!?!
3
Seeing Hugo in 3D tonight.
I have a real good feeling about today 
Did we mention our soup is Moroccan Lentil today?
All the more reason to visit.
Can't wait to meet up with you, Marcel!
: Indeed, she is!
IRS has Enterprise Data Model: 30,000 elements.

sandikrakowski: It wasn't your fault someone abused you.
But it will be your fault if you don't become who God designed you to be today.
Ric we got lucky caz VeroniCUN EMAILS agenda 2 Bob Moore.
No mention of my Chilo CONtributions or my Uncle on ALIVIANE board
Seem like some ppl is in their feelings about LSU not playing OSU in the CHAMPS either way LSU taking home that trophy!!!!
Moneyning with David Ning: Finance Philosophy from a Wisebread Blogger  Go Banking Rates
WHAT UP MY DUDE hit me up I need a 16 bro
Ahh who was y'all playing?
hey what's up.
Thanks for following me
the song u were looking for.
The Jackson Southernaires No Tears In Heaven
SAME!
Seriously, I dont understand it.
I remember at least one doctoram every night its weird
I have 1014 tweets.
This calls for a celebration.
: I think I'm the only person who can take 20mg of Ritalin and then fall asleep  Adam Sachs!
Hi, FotoStop, thanks for following
hey just saw this sorry!
loved the mashup.
Put out more and we'll def play it on our hip hop show  God bless
John 1  Genesis 1 paralleled through the creation of light.
In Him was Life, and the Life was the Light of men.
Let me get some followers.
Twitter: GeoMonstaah Instagram: geomonstaah Follow the fam too.
The three overtime game was faster than this third period
Thanks for the follow  shout out!
:
tomorrow is Friday!
YAAAAY!
going to bed!!
Atlanta here I come
Excited for
did you get presale?
I'm tired of movies!
Is it too late to become a chemist?
miss you too!
Just once, I would like to wake up, turn on the news, and hear...Monday has been canceled, go back to sleep.
Eating pita bread w/spinach dip while looking at Josh Hutcherson and Jennifer Lawrence pics on Tumblr.
Livin' da life.
I need inspiration to get crazy and raise the stakes.
That shouldn't be hard in a fictional universe, but I am bound to realism.
hey we stuck with you during the qwixter debacle  price increase.
but if you stick with , we're gone.
hello.
Whatcha doing up and on here at this hour?
I find humor in all relationships
cleaning my bed sheets because of what jellybean slipped on them!
Lol ;
so tired!
did austin move to miami???
D:
i love your voice:
Tracy Allen Fine Jewelry is having a great Sale!!
Check Tracy's store out at The Grove in Los Angeles for beautiful jewelry.
there are 4: Peyton Manning, Takeo Spikes, Keith Brooking, and the best, Charles Woodson
Knicks seem to be a step slower so far but hopefully they can keep being aggressive  getting to the line now that they're in the bonus
lol.
Sometimes it's to a fault though...
: 20thingsaboutme 9.
i never found my earring id why I'm laughing omg DEAD
Good evening.., to all!!!
Great to see you on Twitter!
Awesome!
Have fun at the GrandCanyon.
Pls post pics; remember, if you don't post pics, it never happened!
So those cops that killed that retired Marine was cleared by a GJ.
Only in Amerryca.
No, it's terrible.
I'll Be There for You sandwiched in between two ballads?
Bad.
My Week With Marilyn was fantastic, thx SAGFoundation.
If anyone ever liked Monroe, this bid a must see.
Dual SAG nom's worthy.
Like, totally!
They're playing Valley Girl on !
LOVE!
Good morning friends its gonna be a cooler day today!
Hope everyone has a fantastic one!
Hope to see you tomorrow 58
More large companies following the example of using Social Media to reach out directly to customers.
I feel so sick, can I just go home.
:
Hard Rock San Diego maxing out w 2 parties on the roof, Summit/Butterfinger  IGN  great crowds, double revenue for HR
if people knew how serious hormones were, ppl would know it will never be that accessible
ha ha I do!
I woke up today
Happy 60th birthday to Stevie Wonder, from all your friends at Sesame Street!
yo I don't do spam to well
FOLLOW ME, FOLLOW ME TO FREEDOM!
What's your instrument?
Hope you enjoy !
Summer Program is going camping tomorrow!
3 days in the woods with our favorite staff cook, Benita Page.
I miss non penis related tweets.
There were a few right?
haircut, its pretty spiffy
Dont u wish tht u could send vinny fan mail an then he sent u one back saying i really wanna get to know u and asked letme get ur numbee lol
nah friend from tkc
I could pay my kid's college  doctorve a jag for what I pd last year :/
was he nakey?
: Alexander Skarsgrd is in Battleship so that helped.
Yes shower!
Let it be your YOU time  take it all in :
A MAJOR breakthrough with one of my 8yr old autism students!
She read her first book OUTLOUD!!!
I am so proud of her!
you're kinda...
fruity :
I hate grocery shopping
Tweeting from new phone.
Aw yeeeaaaa
Lol well she's gonna find out cause I just tagged her ;3
watching all your videos all again i have them like all memorized3
ok than tell hin 2 tweet a tweet 2 me
RT : it was fantastic!
doctorw and the whole staff were professorssional and courteous.
Had the best meal ever in San Diego!
life is what you make it
50k views on down today Woo Woo!!
Keep watching and telling your friends
win!
And 3 goals in season opener  3 new trees planted.
Nice job!
Sleep eludes me night after night, and sickness try's to get its grasp on me.
Cheers!
RT : Pretty solid first half, badgers.
Toasting to you with some awesome On, Wisconsin!
Why retweet if it isn't an endorsement?
Then don't retweet.
: Hello fella!
And thanks so much for the lovely xmas cards!!
Hope all well with you xxM
that outfit
I hope I never lose you...
Fucking awesome...this day just turned into complete shit.
Black and yellow on smh, this is packer country get it together...
Good to hear!
Glad to know that you are having such a good 2012.
I hope to meet you as well.
Oh gosh
America has over 200,000 miles of trail within our borders.
How many have you hiked?
yeah, that's totally not creepy...
;
For as decent as Parenthood does re: ASD, they just shocked me with their handling of mobility differences.
Shame on you, NBC.
my sister inlaw is a nurse I can get behind that.
that sucks
it's been quite a long year
I believe in the Penguins and the comeback.
One down and three to go!
I wish bar it had gift certificate then I could take care of myself and everyone on my christmas list in 1 stop
SF is great!
You coming back soon?
fingers crossed!
Night!
Redneck PickUp line: This isn't just a beer belly, It'a a fuel tank for a love machine.
great meeting you both.
Can't wait for odd duck to open!
Ozzie: Osemele has flexibility to play guard or tackle for us.
How do we get that with the gov we have?
We are negotiating with people who want to dismantale all of those things.
My pleasure Beth.
Thx for the mention.
Do tweet Ask Diane questions to
Well, have a good one.
Gotta make your 
Looking to meet that right guy we have all the site you need at hottest gay chat.
Visit us at www.hottestgaychat.com
Nothing beats using Twitter to track a tornado as it barrels toward your house.
I know you are, that's why I bugged you about it.
Haha.
RT : Good morning Alabama  excited to be here for and help out a great cause.
Hand Jobs I mean Hand Shakes for everyone!
Spending the night at my hotel is anything but relaxing.
How can u relax when you're still at work?
They seem to pop up in the oddest, most desolate places around WI, don't they?
He has grey hair, but he's cute
i need an IPHONE!!!
lol
Really need some sleep ugh :
before wasn't a trick.
Stop thinking about that :/
This weather is perfect.
I wouldn't change anything
Flipping out ok.
You're ten; GO PLAY WITH BARBIES OK LIKE YOU CANT DO THAT IN PUBLIC.
THEYRE TOO OLD FOR YOU
Christian Bale as Steve Jobs or maybe Daniel Day Lewis might have the intensity and presence
I can't wait....I missed the last 2 shows and watching them now, getting caught up.
You're the best !!!
and those Sonics, oh wait...
I'm in one of those phases where reading is far more appealing to me than writing, and so, I get very little writing done.
Help.
Of course!
They are my pajama pants ;
Hey and how about you TWO take a little off of your existing contracts so we can sign Nov, Lin and JR and
We can be alone/together
Finishing Metropolis.
I wouldn't say it's a must see like Citizen Kane; I respect Metropolis for what it was, but it's painful to watch.
hear u, we r a small team  have 2 focus on quality over quantity  this stage.
U can curate too tho, send to .
You wanna know what's up?
The minimize button.
Spend a couple weeks in Fedora 15 and tell me you don't cry a little.
// yes!
Same town new place
YES!!!
More LastSummerEverJam tickets coming up on TheFiveat735!
You want'em?
Dustin
The Platters, Cream fatbands,
Nigga I'm faded!
Thanks for yesterday's RT, Kevin.
Mucho appreciated.
RT McDonalds hamburgers contains only 15 real beef while the other 85 is meat filler  pink slime cleansed with ammonia whichcauses cancer
thats up top baby....so you single or cuffed and locked down by some lucky guy
i wonder why the typically prounion colleges at my university are not giving grad students fee reimbursements?
i pay 640 fees/semester.
Who's ready for the weekend!
It's been a long and productive week so far.
that's because they're great!
:
good tweet
Anyone else excited that is performing at HootFest2012?
RT!
just because he can make em doesn't mean he can pick em
I strongly dislike this kid.
And I loved deeper and I spoke sweeter, and I gave forgiveness I'd been denying.
And I became a friend a friend would like to have.
Riding the denial express all the way the championship.
GO BULLS!
Never Look Back.
True Fact...If Cinderella went back to pick up her shoe, she wouldn't have become a princess or found prince charming.
3
Tough to see Brewer go.
Every time he touched the court he played his butt off.
thank you Mizz V happy valentines day to you too
morning sir
OMG!
you keep changing your pic  in every pic you look so cute 3 and hot 3
All I need is one night of solid, uninterrupted, comatose sleep...
But I'm up now.
Continue race and social justice programs.
Include minorities and immigrants in contracting.
Good hair
You can use the following link to retrieve your life 
Newgrange passage tomb in County Meath was constructed around 3200 BC making it more than 600 years older than the Giza Pyramids in Egypt.
lmbo!!
Naa being too thin is extra nasty anyway.
down.
where.
I like you , you like her , she likes you , let's see who gets hurt 
NowPlaying  Don't Cry Your Heart Out
I cant get enough of the Miami HEAT  their struggles.
It is hilarious.
Do u think they are serious NBA title contenders?
sorry I didn't reply I was eating dinner.
Get it!
RT : Got miles?
I got 3.
Way betta than coffee.
doctorssed  ready 4 this day!
The Discipline  The Diligence
Love the quote, and great to keep in mind.
Thanks for that!
Inspiration can come from the most random things
Hey guys get those going world wide : mahomies if your a true mahomie then RT this :
Let's see what's going on inside the mind of : IF I DON'T AGREE WITH YOU, U MUST BE A RACIST.
TMMK CHAMPS no big deal!
Headed to Oklahoma State football watch party with Dallas alumni!
Humperdinks on Greenville!
Be yourself.
An original is always worth more than a copy.
Brady wins 3 superbowls and 2 MVP awards but is seen as weak because of his wife's email?
How do we define strength these days?
FU NY POST!
Honestly I Think Mona Is A .
PrettyLittleLiars .
don't get sea sick bro!
Hi too
Hormones.
Never mind the mustache
It's a Nacho kind of Afternoon.
crushin' pretty hard
Got an unexpected visit today ...
still : then KDC came by.
Not sure what's goin on with us anymore, but I still love him regardless 3
big questions here in this small ICC room.
RT : Let's go Lincy!
Help yourself out!
LOL, what kind of music?
Good lunch with Great people yesterday...
back to Ohio from L.A.
On April 24
bc I was blessed ...
lol jk I prob.
Know who u are talking about though
word andbooks ; RT : The most interesting people are always at Half Price Books.
I came up with that pretty fast...as they say, speed kills.
:
Minimum 30 minute delay.
Earliest we will resume is at 6:30pm.
Stay tuned for updates
yeah, damnit i can't remember his name now...
he came up from A on fire, then couldn't get a hit for anything...
doctorwing a blank
Just tried it  no fish taste!
Lots of people here took samples so I'll let you know any reax.
Thanks!!
whatever you do just dont tell me you love me
: Don't make eye contact with them they will stare at you lmaoooo
It might officially be time to decommission the fire escape for recreational use.
congrats on the launch  it was a long wait to see what you've been up to!
Have a lovely Saturday Sybil!
:
Great job Christian.
A great cause as well :
My mom told me if I died, she would get my Mac.
I spray perfume from my neck down to my legs.
I like to smell good from head to toe
I need a W to win this week!
I'm pulling for Danks a bit more than usual
youwerecooluntil you hated on
you don't want to know.
We'd love to have you come up!
RT I think I'm doctorving up for a game :
If anyone ask me to choose between Jonas Brothers and One Direction...I'd rather choose neither.
I love them both.
So much.
I expect to see pictures on instagram ;
Wait....
do people actually eat at Quiznos?
you woke up single?
Damn!
Ha!
I'm sad I'm not going too!
But watched out Colorado!
That state isn't going to know what hit them!
In fairness, I'll accept either amount if anyone wants to deposit it to my bank account.
;
a private social network for businesses.
kinda like a Facebook group.
Oh wow still lots of snow!
Gorgeous!
Davey at least has him on a leash tonight, wising up.
RT : Burnett warming as HRod falls behind 31 to Maybin.
What about flour?
Thanks!
I was just reading about that one!
:
Me too Meg!
Most of those spots are gone now.
Replaced by places with more sophistication, healthier, not as much grease or grit!
The last tweet from such a powerful story!
lord knows i only have a handful
AWESOME!!!
Thank you all!
No Nikki.
No.
MW3 comes out tomorrow, who else is going to be on it?
Haha if you're going to wait in line tonight why not grab a 1 Bartab doctornk before?
If shampoo is not according to one's hair type then it will also create problem of hair loss
that was no accident!
He was giving a demo of what happens after church.
good for you
No, but I did convince him to take a short lunch and go home early!!!
LOL!
Meet you at Via SOON!
god i cant believe harry took the time to fuck a girl he met at a club but didn't even acknowledge of the fans being there
ah got it.
If one more person asks me,I thought you graduated?
I'm punching them in the face
That's really cool,Is it home based or at a location?
I look forward to maybe one day working together.
Great to meet you  the RecruitMilitary job fair  learning about
IfTwitterWereHighschool there would be a lot more doctorma
Will be presenting at LA Joyce conference Monday on Ulysses Emergenta paper on reading Ulysses as a recurisve magazine serial.
Thank goodness Brown skated away from that.
My moms going to be waking me up early tomorrow.
so goodnight  God bless.
ALSO Congrat 2 my cousin 4 gettin 1D tickets!
Wow...this Miami Heat thing has people making this a racial debate.
Currently listening to two guys going at it on the bus.
WTF!!!
Days like this one wants to just chill  relax with a special someone!
Who watching XFactor????
What time is it when an elephant sits on your car?
Time to get a new car.
Can't sleep /:
I miss my boo tho :/
THE BEST MOTHERS DAY:
I don't think I've ever purchased Kobe beef but practically every restaurant has it listed.
What are people eating/paying for?!
In the quiet isolation of my mind, truth show itself through patient, honest listening.
It is there I can craft my own path  own salvation.
I'm scratching my ear
Now: Imagining Class in America and American Studies  packed room!
Sarah Palin Commissions Weird Al to write a parody of Brenda's Got A Baby by Tupac  Bristols Gotta Baby
not out..
In general.
doctornks soon!!
people who don't respond to trades.
Hooray!
It's Opening Day!!
Now this is what Buffs basketball looks like.
Hopefully we can play 2 halves!
: Tannehill is already twice the QB Marino ever was.
Heh
maybe inspiring others if she makes it on NBC's America's Got Talent
Good call.
What a day what a day no coment.
Time for training....
Don't wanna go
lol confused about what
Yes, he was surprised that source code  not images or other typically larger IP files  was taking so much space.
RT : Only 30 days until commencement.
What is left on your bucket list to do at UWM?
Either Way  Absolutely Amazing!
I'm so jealous I can't write a song like that.
I get chills when I hear the song.
super stoked about this friday in Chapel hill with
Yum!
My building smells like grilled food and tator tots.
Not the motivation I need to go running!
TeachTwitter hi everyone sorry I missed this session taking care of my Dad in hospice facilty
I haven't passed one APUSH test this year, there is no way in hell I'm passing my AP exam next Friday.
You deserve better than a lie...,
Life is what we believe it to be, and as beautiful as we make it.
It's human to give in now and then...
The idea is to learn from it.
Ahh yeah, I feel your pain.
I decided to stay home and stay there all of august instead.
RT Huguely defense is done except for medical testimony.
you're welcome doll!
Yes text me
springtime cold and allergies have really cut into my social media activity.
Thanks for following, C.S.!
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.
A.
A.
Milne
.
i hear waving a bible and speaking in tongues gets you 'entourage' access.
those will get you tight!!!
and you can work on them all day
since when?!
I know lol
When she talk I always listen but when I talk it seems like what I say isn't important enough for her to at any attention.
Fun tweet up!
Thank you
that's so silly!
what time??
if u not seen green...
better be wearing red!!!
I find myself changing the channel whenever it's tuned to MSNBC or FOX News b/c I feel like watching it is just encouraging them.
haha yeah batman!
Pizza :
POSTURE CHECK!!!
Sit up straight!
Abs in, chest up, shoulders back, head floating high 3
Bubba Watson just won the masters.
Can I get a Hell yeah.
just the first time i've admitted it publicly.
The City Farmer: Learning Farm cultivates minds

Thanks for the RT!
Looking forward to Milwaukee Day!
:
PLEASE PLEASE WISH ME A HAPPYBIRTHDAY TODAY OR FOLLOW ME!?:
Hopefully I'll get closer that way next summer.
Would love to play MoROCKo ;
It might be a big deal if the game was televised
Remembering when I was 8  flying 1st class on  I had the same seat!
In the end, I got the seat!
Thanks, Jay!
OMG!
Adorable!
DQ doesn't deliver, but does...
Prepared for the OnMedia conference today here in NYC.
Excited to learn about all these cool companies!
LOVE THIS: Everything will be alright in the end.
If it is not alright, it is not the end.
its better than english, trust me.
ooh she's bending over!
80 Sunday in Vegasand Im inside watching Thor cuz said if I wanna see Avengers tn with the big boys I had to do my homework
yes  they are starting fresh so I make a point.
for me I need to redo my habits
excellent photo.
more pics please!
Thanks.
35k at 1/2k about 10 ppl from itm.
Wish I didn't take some high variance lines early in the day.
Not much room to maneuver on the bubble.
oh its a pretty sweet job, I tell you :p.
Listening to give us social media tips at
Asm.
Block speaking on AB 648 commutation notification legislation!
Fears keep you from living your life to the fullest.
Overcome your fears and finally start living.
Morning!!!
Getting ready to leave for school!!
Thanks bro
Forgot my hat today, so I got my vitamin D for the day while waiting for the bus.
thank you so much.
we appreciate your support.
I don't know why!
but I also don't know why not.
Mickey Rooney in Night at the Museum reminds me of Hank Hills dad.
ESPN Zone : and I cut my foot and it is gushing blood....
Tweet me BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE and I'll RT it!
J
Yanni??
Really.
Real famous.
Check out YouTube.
Church sucks.
But my grandmother is 91 years old and she wants us to go.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 41
Start building a community around your videos, by commenting on other people's videos.
The more you post, the more you get back :
Sweet.
Unexpected chocolate Santa in desk doctorwer makes my morning.
Home/Business automatic standby generators starting at  79.00/month
Morning yes...he's real....thanks for the heads up.
I wish I could tell her how much I
Got a story for you...check your inbox.
Anybody who knows me, knows that I'm A FASHION REBEL
Jindal lost it the day he did the rebuttal to the state of the union speech a couple years back.
He's terrible.
nail glue ruins your nails!
Sitting out infront of Dairy Cream like a derp :
A Boeing 747s wingspan is longer than the Wright brother's first flight.
without football summer would be terrible
Mike Emisterck's going to be lucky to have a voice after this series is over.
Your killing me today bro!
My coworkers are going to put me out for laughing so hard at these topics.MEN AIN'T SHIT!!!
LOL!!
okay thank goodness!
Thought we had to get married for a sec.
I was almost on my way to kay jewelers 
SomethingILearnedLongAgo its easier to tell a lie then the truth trust no one
lol super cute
OH: let's see if any hot chicks called me.
Hey Brian!
Hope all is well!
Will be in L.A.
for Allstar weekenddoing a few eventslets talk this week!
BellBrook Labs: iuvo Microconduit Array Platform enabling highcontent, functional cell based assays.
I know I thought my windows were gonna blow out!
Maroon's 5 new song 
I'm glad I don't where skinny jeans cause it's hot outside
Sell crazy someplace else, we're all stocked up here.
I have discovered in life that there are ways of getting almost anywhere you want to go, if you really want to go Langston Hughes
thanks.
I'm kind of serious about it, actually.
But I have to write two books first...
Tonight!!!
The DISCOUNT HEROES Album Release showcase at !!
Get there by 8pm to catch all the great acts  support The Heroes!
Fast five 
This is going to be a HOT CONCERT
Say it ain't so!
RT BREAKING: 'American Bandstand' host Dick Clark is dead, according to spokesman Paul Shefrin
good luck to at the American Triple T.
sorry I'm missing the fun!!!
Has anybody else been getting flooded with event invites?
It's starting to get ridiculous.
just let russian father know who make you mad, and he will beat them up:
I treat my baby sister like a princess 
Follow : Giveaway Alert!
Once we reach 7,750 followers, a random follower will win this prize pack!
t.co/XMACfBd
Tapestry was distributed during QRT.
Come get one in room 176!
Congrats to Gary Johnson for getting the Libertarian nomination yesterday.
I'm not gonna vote for you, but congrats nonetheless.
Someone from Roby College tried to sign me up for Facebook.
Thanks, but no need for ALevels now!
Wrong country, wrong age!
Please let this FTP/Stars news be true.
Having a day called blackfriday is bad enough, really don't want to deal with
what's the deal with McDonald's and their bootleg nugget sauce..
Too many choices..I think i might try to be adventurous
i love sleeping,  waking up not tired.
cause usually im still tiredd.:b
Guess I won't have to Apologize anymore.
ah do I get to see you tonight?
Dear men who wear skinny jeans, ...but where do you hide your penis.
Sincerely, confused.
got the first four seasons of Friends on dvd in my easter basket...
guess I'm not getting much done
If Chris Mann or Juliet Simms doesn't win The Voice I'll throw a fit.
I wouldn't even be able to move in that  I just don't get it
Who wants to skype?!
Hi Aileen!
Thanks for the RT ...
still waiting for your responses.
Give my regards to Pikes ;o
rbms09 There's still room on some of the tours for the preconference.
Come early, stay late and play!
You're one of the best dudes on Twitter!
Thanks for all the compliments  support.
It means a helluva lot.
Just read it somewhere: I like having two men at once  one cooking, one cleaning
don't think I'm to that level but I can jam to that mos def
University of Maryland University College just sounds like a scam
best grammy comment so far.
RT : now if it was al jourgenson and brian wilson id be impressed...
She bled on my covers and then lied about it
It is.
RT ???
MT issue ISN'T about same sex marriage.
its about the KIDS they raise grow up thinking Bible is a LIE.
Hey, Andoctorw Luck, as an architectural design major you must have an appreciation for the arts.
Once you've settled in, let's get together.
Smh  the Bobcats blown away by the Wizards by 30.
Thats got to be the worst team in NBA History stand up 73 Sixers!
Well, he IS also the QB.
Bout to watch this game
Did I mention we're having an awesome garage sale this week?
Starts tomorrow!!!
Off to greenbay tomorrow to see the packers tailgate 1st of course
Hey who won the treadmill bet, or are you still running?
Getting back to the gym routine...
Havent been in 2 months.....
E
Leftovers make a great brownbag  chicken, couscous and a snap pea, carrot and spinach salad.
Yum!
At bruce tonight with izod nj
Thanks for the tip!
Imma Need Some More Followers !
: I need to be in the 1000
get a fckit bucket!
They're the best ;
Lethal Weapon , Beverly Hills Cop, 48 Hours are some of my favorite cop movies yeah.!
Will miss your commentary.
Hope it goes well.
I would say using PBL, but not much in class PBL  less studdirected and more teacherpaced.
I must do something' always solves more problems than 'something must be done.
I only get one quarter at rosedale, and I can finish all of my finals for this year.
Going to see The Five Year Engagement with the curly head, Is this movie any good or should we see something else?
One day, you guys will be so glad you knew me.
There's totally gonna be an open bar at my funeral!
It all works out at the end.
Deep.
Breath.
:
lol I don't know.
I am considering the pretty long hair style with the ends curled.
Tired and fighting a cold.
:/
That nigga try to act Mexican shut the fuck up fake nigga
LatinAmericaNeeds1D :B We love you guys!
UruguayLoves1D !
It's like a sauna in this building today.
I fore see much water doctornkage today.
EA Sports...It's in the game!
I know!
What the heck??
RT : so sad I missed you the whole time you were here!

APRO.PK  Will give me much love over this week can't wait...
trying to motivate for scanning new 120 negs fresh from the holga.
maybe i'll grab a bite of breakfast first.
yeah, yeah it's 11.
so sue me.
trust me, the first 36weeks after baby is born, you won't want to ;
Just got my new Asics from !
Going to run it out later and enjoy this beautiful day :
Awww Vinny Believes That Every Girl Is Beautiful 3 
I'm in buf for Tso.
I have something for You is here too!!
yepp i know..
Soo what's new?
Ha I'm bored
It takes some balls to put a new episode of CelebrityApprentice up against The Oscars.
Thank you
thought Aries/Ray was fantastic and both the tag title/AJ vs Angle were both good  very good.
Everything else has been blah
OH NO!
tweeted a quote?!
This is certainly cause for an uproar!
Or maybe it's good that she isn't narrowminded.
3 physicists!
Morning Indy PEEPS!!
hello world.
alright sounds good
Thank you!
It's still a work in progress, but we're getting there!
:D
Great use of that Aznavour tune.
nothin.
just kickn a and not taking names....
RT : Tony now offers free computer training at www.teachanolddognewtricks.com.
I am a woman with a plan.
I love having a plan, even if it's a vague one.
I've been without one for a while, so this feels extra sweet.
great !
take care :
Great, gotta wake up at the crack of don to freaken take a practice SAT test, just the way I wanna spend my Saturday morning.....
: Pretty sure 's twin is dining at Wild Wings right now...
awkward lies..
David Beckham is not at a Wild Wing.
Night night twitter!
!!!
thank you for donating to ToysforTots!
wow dude !
Zayan voice !
AUSTIN MEXIXAN MAHOMIES NEED YOU PLEASE CAN TO MEXICO 3
It's only 9 am, but I want a burger so badly
hey boys how are y'all doing
Does only the president get to have composite girlfriends??
i help u, u help me broski
lmao what I say
Educators best part is when a student sees me in a crowd and yells out: she is the best librarian ever!

Sounds like a lucky guy on the other end of that thought...
tweet us when you get here and take a picture from a birds eye view!
Its easy to make a buck.
Its a lot tougher to make a difference.
We suggest you hit up for access to Rain, Moon, Ghostbar and Playboy Nightclubs....great for your bachelor!
Today is our first ever Qualifying Paper Symposium celebrating work of graduating students.
Should be great event with interesting projects.
Just made pancakes: Want some??
Lol
was a rather lovely doctorve!
straight farmland where we were, but pleasant nonetheless
must've hung out with with this weekend because he's killing em w/ these yeahitjustgotreal tweets.
On My Yoga Flow!
he is also on 405N every morning on the overpass outside the VMAC wearing a Hawks jersey....
Our new office Mom brought soup for lunch because he has a cold.
Gotta love our McFarlane family!
Alternately a toopredictable moveset and too strong on low postattempts to beat Ibaka.
Going to workout gotta maintain my bombshell angel bod..
no your fine haha
You're NEVER ON SIR.
whoop see you there !
so apparently i wont be seeing you today : which really upsets me!
but i will see you when i come back!
remember to tweet to me
great work!
I don't mind touching them or dealing with them in my garden.
I don't even cringe putting them on a fish hook, but no eating.
:P
I don't believe in depriving myself of any food or being imprisoned by a diet.
word bruv.
Let me know how's the yellow trail out there
Adairs Saloon tonight!
Music starts at 9.
Come party with us!
The rib is the shell and the heart is a yolk, and I just made a meal for us both to choke on...
I think your twitter account got hacked.
I just got a dm from you that looks really weird.
Get paid for doctornking mocha!
chyllin man we got this video doctorppin soon
Its how I keep the lawsuits away
thank you!
How was your weekend?
It is so gorgeous  sunny in Seattle lately!
JUDGMENT AT NUREMBERG  SATURDAY SHOW SOLD OUT.
ONLY 5 performances left!
that seems like the worst reasoning in the world.
Also, I despise the library.
ahahha I keep it classy with MM
What time is the show!?
u at duh hize??
thank you for your follow...
and your dedication and sacrifice for our country!
Thank you , , , and all our friends and family for a great night!!
Whew!
We Are the Ship, Miracle's Boys, anything by Laura Ingalls Wilder, Copper Sun, anything by Mike Lupica
The OPL's Michael Riordan and presenting doctorp2Print, with working demo and iPhone simulator!
Kitkats and gatorade for breakfast.
I'm gonna regret this haha
Shout out to my nigga
Related to that last tweet: library budget cuts during the same period in the same county.
Grumble grumble.
Can't sleep.......so I've been watching Buffy on Netflix.
Spurs earn the Western Conference's top seed.
Go Spurs Go!
A fan is reading this, but a Mahomie is RT'ing this.
33
Haha I suppose.
I have no idea what it is or where it is.
:
Hey Philly!
Instead of a soda tax, I'm willing to vote for a Use Your Dern Turn Signal tax.
I mean, c'mon people.
Should vegetarians eat animal crackers?
Voluntary home visiting programs help single, young mothers cope with daily stresses so they can be a better parent.1560 reasons
it was my pleasure.
definitely hit us up next spring.
you are really nice.....too nice....
hm....
and who says it was a sarcastic hug???
Huh?
Huh??
Exactly!!
So ha
hello kirken, hey LA
Need someone to txt.
Who's up?
I Need to Speak With You Please if you dont mind : Im LiddoMissMunchie im from the neww group Swagged Out Girls .
I told you so!!!!!!!!!
Haha!
But look at who never believes the little guys!
I'll pray for you!
:
I think about last night we so damn freaks lol
11 and 1/2 more days of a school
RT When it rains, it pours.
Shitty weatherman
Goodnight twitter :
Anyone who would pay 65 to see Chris Brown at the Rose Garden is a fucking idiot.
Oregon's wolf count now 25: Trail cam captainres young wolf of the Wenaha pack no one saw before.
korean fried chicken  seoul sassy
Good Neighbor Next Door Program Helps Teachers, Firefighters, EMTs and Police get into new homes
Tweet our pic bro!
;
a secret about me most dont know.I dont make a fuss on my bday,but appreciate surprises:.most important 2me that it comes from the heart.
Come out to PCH tonight at 8 for a sweet dance and lesson with Mark and Sylbie!
DJ Nate the Great!!!
you too, darling!
: loved the glasses hehe.
Let's get together soon!
Whilst I was multitableing stt's last night at the same time a lad I know was being hit by a car.
Puts things into perspective.
Hope everyone is having fun at :
Natural stone requires periodic proper maintenance by trained professorssionals.
ReRT : Stumbled upon tent b/c singer gorgeous Bjorklike voice booming down street.
Look her up.
can i use some of those quotes in my post game post?
RT if you cant wait to see the Boyz at ABDC again!!!!
chat sometime..?
My blog is safe for all ages ..
I think ..
not sure about the movie, tho.
There are people that talk about getting shit done, and people that actually get shit done.
I prefer the latter.
I loved you in every episode of That's Life!
Was sad when it ended!
hahahahahahahahahhaa lol i feel ya!
doctornk it in!
be a bum!
u work so much!
lol
I am awful at painting my nails.
Look at my roommate thoooooo.
SimpLife RT Warm beer is bad, but her not texting back is worse.
thanks for the luv :
Now the guy next to the dirty, smelly sock guy removed his sweat pants to reveal stinky basketball shorts...
Sick
Just interesting that this report comes out of Miami.
Wait for
We've got the Eric Jacobson Quartet in the house tonight at 7:30.
This great, allages, nocover show should not be missed!
Hangin wit my bro Steve tonight.
Fantasy help: Reggie Bush, Steve Smith, or Julio Jones?
Flex position.
tweet often, need updates  sitting on the SD tarmac waiting...
Springpad app helpful for collection development, books to read, etc.
yo where u at?
Landmark, anyone want to switch my evening shift on Sat for a matinee shift?
Please!!!!
It's so easy to make!
I'm intimidated by the fear of being average Taylor Swift
is up and not texting me !:/ smh...
I've never been there.
I have toured the Glasgow School of Art though.
I'm a Mackintosh fan.
yes of course!
im so sorry!
did you email recently?
i didnt get it!
At a realtor seminar learning about the importance of reaching out to young buyers but no hashtag.
Hm
Thanks girly!
I know I love it ;
About to watch The Town.
Love Jeremy Renner in this movie :
That is great!
Thanks for sharing!
Do you get our email newsletter MENTALCOACH?
Nov issue is coming out this week.
Kim!!!!!
Best player in awhile!
It's funny when people don't know my real name but just refer to me as doctorke lol
pretty sure I tagged you in it?
Thanks though
What a stupid what?
I'm on pins and needles!
RT Omg!
What a stupid!
can't wait to see you at nwxportland!
what's is good :p
so I didn't get to go to your concert because I live in LA , come visit me ?
3
We are looking into it for a honeymoon destination.
Crazy expensive, but trying to convince myself it's worth it!
No one ever said life was easy, but several people said you were.
:x
Everyone check out
Relaxing after a delicious lunch at Gates!
I just beat TheWife by 71 points in Words With Friends!!!
but back on topic, one day we'll find hot band guys who will love us and life will rule
Why am I still up
Honored you enjoy all the books  liked TCN as well.
Loved writing it.
As Melissa learns, friends make the best presents!
Hey Maribel...
hope you're doing well.
Great to see you on twitter..
We moved our office.
Now next to the Forge on 41st Street
Did you read the interview with Craig Thomas?
He said that it Had to be Robin 
It's hard to deny that Galaxy Gold in full sunshine looks like what happens when you vomit Tang.
Happy Birthday!
I hope you had an amazing day!
What's the official hashtag for this event?
House of Payne is too funny.
Nurses are the best patient advocates!
I have all the facts and figures about in Hollywood apogeebeach  amazing investment opportunity!
Call me for details!
Who won the carty award?
Illusions.
Delusions.
Disillusions.
i have no clue!
But half of them are Mahomies.
holy jamoly that's crazy.!!!!!!
We were so cute.!!!
Google Logo on the Google Home page today is very cool
Last night's Trappist tasting at Strictly Discs was a blast.
Thanks to all who came  we'll definitely do this again!
Catch phrase game night...getting intense
Okay!
Doing an email interview with Hello Highway!
:
I rather be performing instead of being in class ugh.
Riley .LIVE ReaL
Opponent: where: anywhere but somewhere in Florida would be nice :D
Walking through PDX it just hit me...when I arrive here I am coming HOME.
whatever you want to call as long as you get some!
since you're online, can i get a tweet or a follow?
please, we're finally online at the same time :
At times I miss my old phone.
.
.but then remember how slow it was!
A wise football coach once said, Talent sets the floor and character sets the ceiling.
Completely agree.
NYG D going to have a monster week!!
aha yeah she is.
she makes that show
dont you have to get meghan too?
the 6 blows to the head with dumbbells are taking their tole
go to www.dubixrecords.com for updates and new releases
Instead of being envious of other people's lives, live the life that others will envy.
I'm curious about what Morey was willing to give up to have Dwight Howard for a month.
schoolmemories was one of my best friends.
Still love him though.
agreed!
It was really great to meet you guys and we are so eager to help make a collaborated event with
Morrisville State College in Syracuse
Tonight's special 2 large 2 topping pizzas for 22!
I can hardly believe it myself.
Honey Kix.
Awesome.
Can't sleep on the trolley since i might have to move so the person next to me can't get up.
.
yowzas!
well good luck and have fun :
great to meet you guys!
Great job on 9News!
Heyy!
I am so glad there are more of us!!
:
If Lakers had a Good Coach we could actually Beat OKC...Mike Brown Sucks.
Definitely  when I'm back from the Valley.
We know, youre struggling a little bit today.
But dont worry about bringing a cooler or picnic basket, weve got you covered!
Shower  waitin for my boo boo
Hello Twitter.
Atwater Junction hopes you will follow us to find out where we are playing and how you hear our music.
Omg I just noticed that is following me:D!!!
Thanks for the follow 3!!!!
Thinking that you cant change is wrong.
Thinking that there is no need to change is tragic.
I wish i could talk to Travis about this cos he just some how makes me feel better, like the guy friend i always wanted but never had before
Have you forgotten me already?
: ps I saw a recipe for veg steamed buns yesterday that made me think of you making dumplings
ughh.
Im sorry.
Come on, girlfriend, work out with me.
Get up on that treadmill 1, 2, 3.
Just start out very slowly.
It'll feel great to move that body!
Starter: what are some of the biggest problems affecting African Americans in Baltimore?
Students are anxious to get into the inner circle
Spartans falling apart
Is at the Riverfront Fashion Show!
My does Denver have a lot of pretty people!
:
We will survive before lens transcending all barriers in mad playgrounds that redefine realism and documentation.
Ecstasyterrestrialism.
This kid did not just fall asleep on me 
i see.
i'd text you but my phone is off right now.
whats up?
you can private message me if you want.
I wanna find something to do tonight!!
it was Zac Efron hair before it was Bieber hair
I didn't know you homeschool too!
Have fun at !
I know a few gals going
I like 'farm : table' but I think I was supposed to wait for my coffee inside, and now I can't get up from my seat or someone will poach it.
Oh yeah?
Does he tell you that or do you go to the white house for lunch every day?
Come on now.
Don't believe everything ...
Downside to being married to an ophthalmologist: Some guy guns a nail into his eye and our dinner plans are ruined.
of course!
Matt was wondering why I wanted to take him to dinner this weekend...because I'm HAPPY!
Mushroomhead coming to the altar bar the 17th of May, should I?
Maybe
Yay!
I'm like 90 sure I'll be there!
I can't wait to see you!!!
they now get all online GPO content
In Mass.
US Senate race, a question of heritage
thanks sounds fun, lets definitely talk more!!
give peace a chance3
Trust you are missed too...
With two men on and a man on second, Arrieta got his first real challenge of the day, but Josh Willingham lined out to left field.
RT : The Hudson River Valley, Dutchess County, is squatchy.
my rap here, i can finally eat chinese give me lubys please get my grub on at the black eyed peas i stand in line the chickens lookin fine
Men have 2 emotions: hungry and horny.
If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
A king with no crown, king with no crown !
I love dance club!
A lot a cute boys!
Also can't wait to try new styles like break dance and popping3
i want a hot dog smh
Lonely tonight
I do not know how that idiot even has a show
I have to agree with Barclay, Awake has a quality NBC has not gone with in a long time.
Let's hope the script doesn't fail s2
you'll get them.
I BELIEVE in you.
LMAO, did you see what I did there..
BELIEVE.
HAAHAA!
..
Ahem!
.
Really Broncos really?
Oh well at least we got this far...
be happy!
Damn, what I wouldn't give to live closer to RedoctorcksAmpitheater; their lineup this year is so good it hurts.
Gotta find a woman be good to me won't steal my liquor try serve me tea
New episode of tabletop features a game I own.
We can play along, tonight just got much funner.
HANDS OVER MY EYES WATCHING THE BACHELORETTE!
Your clothes never wear as well the next day and your hair never falls in quite the same way.
WOW JUSTIN
awkward high fives3!!
She is everything to me, the unrequited doctoram, the song that no one sings, the unattainable.
JMS375 We got thru the exam.
How do you feel?
Anyone in jms489?
That twoday exam was killer!!!
Mellow Indie Mix  bubble bath  Best Tuesday Night eva.
Totally wins over the gym this time.
only liked Jalen Rose cause he shut up Skip Bayless.
Conspicuous Prosumption: lightin' up the Twitterverse w/ complaints about a missing hashtag :p
Such a sweet hed on so many levels!
Bravo.
The McQueen show has turned the second floor of the Met into Disney World on the weekends.
I am once again loading Fences, a app on my new work PC.
It helps me organize my desktop icons.
Keep this in mind before you consider skipping your workout today: you're 61 more likely to skip another one the following week if you do!
The Region 7 AOS II panel has resumed and just finished reviewing app 120014 IN State Museum.
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my twitter for follow me maybe?
1
give me shout outs thanks
OMG.
Root canal and Adele at the same time?
I do think she's talented but have to be in the right mood to listen to her.
Just chugged a strawberry milksake, and a brownie AND a redbull.
Why did I do this too myself.
FAIL AT LIFE right now.
Ima puke
LA: where men love cutting the sleeves and entire side portion off their tshirts to make them into tank top bibs
Oh geez!
Testing Twitter and Processing: This was automatically posted from Processing 42
I do enjoy gaming, and really like how colorful the dice are.
It's Jack's 6th Birthday!
Happy birthday Jackie!
My tolerance for shitty technology is basically non existent.
yep!
I'm sure I'll see you guys soon....yeeeaaahhh summer in Pittsburgh!
ooh, I need to do this too, hahaha
Sandpearl Resort in Florida Heats up the Month of May with Savings
That was me last year RT : I'm slacking on Ms.Scussels homework.
We might be wishywashy and flip flop, but God has not changed.
Do all of the numbers HAVE TO be on the same line?
'cause I've got them all.
Where's ?:c
Why is the Michelin Man white?
Incredible Shrinking Presidency?
Are you kidding?
School is fun 
what's your most favorite episode of all time?
Im going with the Toyota Helix destruction.
NP Rihanna cheers!
Congrats to the cast, crew and team on an AMAZING first preview!!
A clitoris is packed w/ 8,000 nerve fibers  each is one of a kind, meaning each woman's orgasm is varied  individual
Still enjoying last night's fantastic show by Shearwater.
Their doctormmer is a Norwegian named Thor.
I mean, c'mon.
Hood Internet makes lil Wayne sound good  someone's comment on YouTube.
Haha TRUE
im set on cruise control, im slowly losing hold, of everything i got.
lol no...
Rest when your dead...
People should now be emerging from this morning's A.P.
Literature exam.
Hope it went well, testtakers!
has anyone messaged u 0.o hehe
hahah oh my !!
Not in my Deli!!!!
no, you're so amazing!
RIP mister.
Lillian Musial...wife of Stan the Man Musial..married for nearly 72 years.
Now THATS love  commitment!
Cool!
Hope you post some pics!
Discovered my studio is way too close to one of those all you can eat, every flavor, every topping froyo places...
Let there be peace on earth
Have a personal tale you want to share?
Join anhkc Sunday at 6:00pm and serve us your story.
where yu at?
A well written script will dictate what video you shoot when you go on location.
Um, why do I have Good Vibrations stuck in my head?!
So interesting about the balloon Boy!
They just took them out of the oven and they just slice them open and serve them
TCA'S was great!
Welcome to the Chicane Group!
hahah Omg jeezus I'm like dying here and in ap Aaron is in mistergue and im in misterR so he just sits there and smiles at me lol
i wish i could but i don't have any
follow me so we can DM
Got to read and original short play and sing with Barry Cullison tonight in Vinny's class :
You ever watch something so bad  continue b/c you can't imagine it being this bad?
Yeah I'm watching Blonde Ambition.
Wish a had my lil niggas wit me, I'm ready to carry my ass home, and apparently in alone tonight
I love it, I love it
so said i missed to trey songz music video today ....
but its all good tho ....
on to the next one ......
Shut up.
6:20!
: I have class this afternoon.
Crud bear!
Wish we were going to the same one!
that would be awesome man!
Spread the word about us and maybe we can come down that way and play sometime!!
:
: lol man that crazyright them New Yorkers smh
awesome!
We can't wait to see the pics!
Tlkingg To Heather : me and her are going to be dance buddies if imma be dane major3
Sometime's I Wonder How Do You Really Make It Into The Industry, It's Like We People Don't Give Chance's No More.
Some Body Step Up.......
Oh really, you'll always be here?
I guess that didn't apply when you let your girlfriend ruin our friendship.
Congrats on a welldeserved  1 with  I Don't Want This Night To End
MARK YOUR CALENDARS: WV Young Democrats Capitol City Fundoctoriser on Feb.
14th and WVYD Day at the Legislature on Feb.
15th!
Oh you do?
Do you have American fam?
Whoop!
Mini vaca?
Have you spent time on the east coast?
Mine was good, slept ha.
Yours?
I wish I had lived in the 70s 
squeezing lemons
HA HA!
Yeah Pats, that's what I'm talkin about, 453!
How do you like them apples Rex Ryan?
Keep talkin that smack!
Congrats to Tom Brady!
Whoever told yall women were clueless lied!
I dont show my hand but dont take silence as a weakness
404 followers because my life is an error
On a team with about a dozen DH options, doctorw Butera makes no sense on the 25 man.
When would you pinch hit for Mauer or Doumit?
you make me laugh :
Hmm, plasticity?
Must have lots of high rate of speed  chronic pain
Dirty, dirty things that I don't think I'm allowed to say on twitter.
Or anything music related.
That's cool, too.
: HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD RETWEET this if you love HEAD.hope my friend sees this!!!
FF Interesting Follows
Thorpe is not answering your questions in this interview.
:
I wanted to go our today but it's too hot.
lazy day today :D
Gonna be popping in downtown Memphis tonight  rooftop parties, Grizz and Redbirds games
When they start an argument out of a small mistake, don't worry they were looking for a fight in the first place.
yea sweetheart im on : tell to other ; haha
glad you're enjoying your time here!
good morning Cody :
you mad?
Oh shit the worlds gonna end because I spelled zayn wrong.
Me!
RT : So another game in just 12 hours.
Guess who's going?
Me!
How did it get to be that 12 hours is too little time to do anything?
Searching for Denver hotel specials for June.
Happy Friday to our followers!
Please join us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/InnerHarmonyTherapyServices
What is the best way to show others the way to salvation...
BE CAREFUL.
I sometimes talk louder to blind people I still think its funny when guys put tennis balls under a shirt, they look like little boobs
I'm not so sure this is a good thing!
Third trip in less than a month just to order contacts.
:
I think I'm hooked on experimental silent films.
of which two are brand new preps, and one is a haven'ttaughtinawhile prep.
Wow Marquette got an easy bracket, I hope the NCAA treats UWBadgers as good!
If there's just one reason to tune into SmackDown this Friday night, here you go Mayhem Nation.
Need we say more.
they say life is short, but it's the longest thing we do.
so make the most of it while you're hear.
live out your doctorams.
Awesome, thanks!
This is for a recent grad, fresh out of school.
I work at VU Alumni Relations, just trying to help her!
Complicated relationships!
That that shit I don't like!
Aye!
aye!
Fans, unless you have MLB.TV, you can't see this game, so keep on watching morning news!
Need to sleep....
But need to do math....
I know you're dying to know the truth...
No, I am not related to Jane Jensen.
AS FAR AS I KNOW...
Don't wait for the wind, create the wind!
Game 2 in New York Rangers vs
good word last night bro!
yea I just wish he would have talked to me ....even if he did say no I just wanna talk to him:
To explain that last, I cuss a lot when I'm playing.
Making candles, my secret tea, cd's, practicing guitar, and chking emails...i need to sit down!
Things happen in life whether you're ready or not.
Seize the moment and take a chance..
or spend the rest of your life not ever knowing.
That sounds yummy too!
I think my boo done fell asleep on me lol
Chien: how to make abstractions like IP compelling?
Note Obama on AIA.
Didn't talk about patents, talked about students, jobs.
Loved SalmonFishingintheYemen directed by LasseHallstrm.
A perfect date night movie!
Great performances by EmilyBlunt 
Caps missed opportunities becoming the theme of this game..Semin on the doorstep c'mon man cash that in!
So excited to start my new job and be making all kinds of money
Vidal Sassoon: nothing for the weekend, sir
girl you much keep that sexy bod nourished and healthy!
I'm well.
Bored out here in the burbs
so ready to start this holiday kegger!
our house is full of christmas cheer and beer!
just broke the TOP 5 on ReverbNation's Oklahoma City rock charts!
Check it out, and help your favorite waterthemed band get to numero uno!
u smoke when you get home or what?
I am usually up late, so that's when I am able to retreat and have my cigar
Riding around with my air blasting and my gas tank on E!
THUGLIFE Lol
This is my favorite week of the year
Watching the Ga Tech / Virginia game with friends.
Go Ga Tech!
really???
You think 5000 to be an inchi member would break their bank?
is a sneaky mofo
so what are you using now?
LOL priorities!!
RT , I don't care how many titties you sign, as long as those titties bought a CD
His birthday is the 3rd, I am going to a friends show that I passed on last time and promised I wouldn't miss the next.
Will do fam.
haha I had to make my spicy potato egg and bacon tacos...
It's a family favorite
Thank you for the intense and highly pleasurable banging!
Thanks for the stars too beautiful!
; Xoxo

I'll never notice    I bet he said that.
Cause he will never follow me:
Ok.
I msgd you already, so just reply to that one.
:
i can't believe someone moved into my house wow they suck i hate them
I'll upload the song Sant'a Littlest Elf has Autism on Monday.
You're going to love it.
My son, James, sang with a lot of expressions.
Woo Hoo my benefits kick in today!
What a relief!
Calling doctordoctor
Happy to have kept you connected at that amazing event!
Hopefully your friend learned a lesson and chooses XCom next time :
HAViNG THE BEST BiRTHDAY EVER !
Hope is too !
Vroom: I think we need to sit down as a Rep body to decide who should sit on this committee so people aren't dissatisfied with the product.
Just enjoyed a nice dinner now its time for desertchilling with the fam ilove them.
Exactly.
I cannot believe there are enough stupid people in this country to elect a LOSER like romney.
Holy cow!
C'mon on Wildcats.
Some folks have brackets to be worried about.
Do you mean a person who likes hot dogs?
RT : ugh...you're one of those people too?
OH HELLS YEAH!!!
RT : This was the BEST MONDAY EVER!
lolololol :D
Trying to relax and enjoy my life
josh you're a hot mess!
The world would be 10000 times better if Chicago's delivered!
Back to tonight.
Any menu recomendations that I've missed?
one hour finale!
webOS also needs a map/nav app that works in exhibition mode.

To Fear Love Is To Fear Life.
No matter what I do, Somehow I always find myself back to you.
Its almost always about
Just done watching Remember Me ...Its so sad Robert Pattinson Died at the end :
When you do a business with any printer, what is your expectation??
Tell us!!
so they have no way of knowing whether it was due to men perceiving women as potential mates or not
Please don't let mmy doctorams run by underneath, underneath this Amarillo Sky.
i was trying to make it it's been bothering me all period
text me bro
Such a gloomy, rainy morning
If I treated you KINDLY it doesn't mean I'm WEAK I've surpass all the childish behaviors like women who get abortions I ain't having it
Last questions coming up...
Opening up to audience.
Any Q's from Twitter??
What ya gonna do with all that junk all that junk inside my trunk....
: Remember to call your Mom tomorrow, because I can tell you that you'll feel bad when you're no longer able to.
1
listening to Deadmau5  Not exactly..
love those beats!
Misconception 4 Facetoface interaction is pass.
yess and Bailey that hot piece of ass
PERFORMANCE ETIQUETTE: Dick move to tell your friends to leave after your 1 part of a 3 part show
Chico and Rita: Spectacular animation, great sampling of that era's jazz...but as a story?
Kind of cliched and boring.
Yeah buddy!
I don't doctornk but I still love this tee.
Lol good afternoon :
All I need is a glass of Bacardi O and My Big Sean CD!!!!
I know!!
: its cause softball season is fully here now!
Well, why even bother with a trial, just shoot her in the face.
That will bring the baby back.
Congrats buddy
out of shower night today was good day:
Milton comes back to score five in the seventh and take a 107 lead on Monroe
Panchen Lama speaks on Dharma at World Buddhist Forum in HK
TONIGHT is ScholarsThursdays at
Long Happy Hours with generous Daily Specials are easy on the wallet!
Congratulations to Arik Weiss, winner of the recent Kol HaOt raffle, who won a print by artist Matt Berkowitz worth 700!!
I can just imagine all of us Downtown screaming about One Direction : Something i wanna see in person
I'm looking forward to seeing the BeeLine home collection tomorrow.
So many fun interiordesign events happening this month.
Random BUT ig twitter is the only place ppl can admit to being a follower
you still bringing in them churros tomorrow??
Quorum Releases Fiscal Year 2011 Results
guess that means you can write it off your taxes as well
The car in front of me has a decal that says I doctorve like a Cullen....no comment.
admin leader: Jesus Geeks' meeting adjourned.
and no one is shocked the photographer is hahaha
61 to 90 of people use search engines rather than review sites, coupon sites, or the Yellow Pages
Just got home from the VIP sesh at PGP.
Endless dabs of the best nectars to be had by all.
Super irie!!!
Thanks PGP for everything!!
AskingMyself why do I keep giving this show Touch a chance???
Sht is like 9 episodes deep on my Dvr
nowplaying The Fray
Getting money is a necessity..
I get to bake a cake this afternoon.
I think you all know how much I love baking!!!!
I asked him if he'd moved and he looked at me blankly like I didn't exist.
I think he was high.
We used to talk often.
:
you might want to at least skim it as a reference point in case it ever comes up in conversation
yeah , my nigga  ; what time we gon jump that mofo' bitch ?
Liar!
Obama has laid no blame on Zimmerman!
Where is the proof!
You just hate Obama...go ahead and say it...he can take it
Happy birthday !
it's great!
So much work; how do you do it all?
Have you checked out the new myspace layout yet?
www.myspace.com/iseestars
shawstats Shaw once led 300 Spartans against Persia and you know the outcome
yay!
Thanks for doing that!!!
That made my day.
TAN IS BEAUTIFUL, BABY
are you going to the beach?!
RT : Follow Jamaican Food in Cincinnati!!!
Purchase Wale Tickets there  Receive Discount on Any Meal Purchase
A3.
Livetweeting  both a failure and a success, hard to get people engaged at first but once it's on, it's on!
Anybody sellin some Food stamps hit me up need 100 or better serious ppl pls no Low ballers..im tryin to help a friend out
hahahahaha I'll miss you al!
I can't believe I'm leaving tomorrow!
Well I was hoping to move Fanfest to Sunday at 3ish, but after that the agenda looks empty Glen.
and the guy just like completely screwed up my hair, it's a freaking mess.
Please send me a to shoot the TBT ppl and a  to blow up their phones and photo albums!
If ur gonna OD on TBT choose 1 Thursday a month!
The Helen Keller doctorving School
thanks for the follow!
Missing parties to work on creative stuff but gettin git done.....oh and it's a gooden'
Likewise.
If there isn't a major trade tomorrow I'm going to be pissed

, is that a problem ?
Didn't think so stupid
my mornings  your mornings.
Getting ready 2 go 2 the Denver Museum of science.
Itching to get off the tee box.
Glad to see that the Flyers are on the ropes.
Once they're knocked out I'll be pretty OK with any of the remaining teams winning it all.
come on over....to the people's house she did it for!!!
Lol!
cross training right now but seeking my next fitness challenge : so far, it's tennis ..
Just saw a guy getting mugged.
I was going to help him out until I saw he was wearing crocs.
Actions, not words, are the greatest means of self praise.
Napoleon Hill
how do you think uw ranks w/ its top 15 program peers re:  of offers that get accepted?
Like you need to go eat at where she works.
EVERY DAY.
thanks!
Glad it all worked out!
See you again soon I hope!
But now watch me not sleep tonight...
amen Tony
All this fog in the Air must mean that God's been chiefin all night!
did u find out my password :
Thanks guys so much!
We still need help our goal is to reach 143 followers by tonight!!
Ruben on the worship, Amy's spoken word, ETD on the doctorma, and the Holy Spirit on the move!!!
Great night
Check your DMs!
I DMed you my answers to the video quiz!
:
Still on a Mad Men high.
Refuse to kill it by watching Smash.
finished consulting over at ilovedesign the new face for our online shop is gonna be dope and theland is where is it all started
Ohh no!!!
Hope you didn't get too wet RT love when the sprinklers turn on during a liveshot!
Had a blast playing for everyone in Mountain View, CA!
Off to our next show in Ventura, CA...
Who's coming out?
'if you don't like how he's playin than change the record'.
Imagine that advice 4 us 2 yrs ago ; livelearn
nails it.
If O'Malley thinks this legacy will make him President he's doctornking Obama's Kool Aid.
Did you know March is National Social Work Month?
Thank you to our team of social workers who do extraordinary work!
Ohio observes Severe Weather Awareness week March 20th26th!
All my fav shows are getting short final season renewals..
WTF.
GREEN LIGHT
Oh shit Kevin Hart in the buildin for the
Marlins offense has gone beast mode today.
When you truly love someone you don't judge them by their past, you accept it and leave it there.
Passion is the fuel to Vision.
Edward Ezekiel Isouve
lol that is pathetic
I am, but I'm covering an event and I'm doctorving.
So I'm sober and angry haha
Celebrate Easter with Laura Flora's workshop this Sun.
from 1 to 3:30pm featuring hipopeners, twists, and arm balances
We should decide on a day where we all smoke a shitload of salmon  annoy ppl who don't eat fish.
Or like Gouda, maybe.
Guessing that 26/32 isn't going to get me upgraded.
Council mtg in recess now.
Layoffs and furloughs 2 b discussed at end.
in my ed voice yeah RT : Listening to this Mercy.
Who ever created that beat is a genius.
Record it!
I've got a perf idea
hiya ; You don't have to follow me .
Bt I'd love it if you did :.
Kiddan!!
Def down for dinner soon!
: I'm watching 's next chapter in India right now.
We learn something every day, and lots of times it's that what we learned the day before was wrong.
Bill Vaughan
Haha.
Yes!
That would be nice.
That's what happens when you disappear.
I want to hear about your life too!
I will follow whoever follows me
Anaheim North somehow doctorps two nights from my reservation?
Ok, not a good start...
hey buddy what up?
Good morning world!
Have a great day.
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 18
ThingsMyExSaid Im gone always be honest with you!
Headed to a Brew City Bruisers bout with  Epic!
Just a thought....
There's nothing that a fantastic blowjob can't fix.
exactly, it's using the common sense we have offline to build your network online.
Be genuine, honest, helpful, likable, etc
Ah that's right, we put Trump against the Oscars.
I could cut the shit out of a piece of paper in kindergarten.
Aint that the truth RT : Keep your head up high, and your middle finger higher.
I don't claim to know the minds of the 1, but I'm pretty sure they don't want Sarah Palin to have more power.
i almost forgot.
get it under control!
Come on, Temple!
:
hahaha it was raining when I get there lol
Which church?
: RETWEET this if you have LESS than 100,000 followersa

Or is she simply never seen again?
RT : WOW Clippers down 24 with 8 mins left in game amp; win the game!!
As hard as it is for me to admit it, I have to agree with Skip/SAS.
Rose thinks all media is personal rather than opinion.
Merry XMas to my two best friends, 
Congrats to PTKs cast of Daisy's New Car on a great opening!
Hacked bitch
Ever go to public bathroom,use the toilet with a paper liner on the seat.
You stand up,cinch your belt, walk out with the paper on your butt
2nd hole playoff...hopefully a putt to win coming up...
I have a pineapple and some oranges waiting to be juiced, so I need to hit the liquor store tomorrow, for real.
Been really busy lately.
Will get online tommorow and manage it haha.
it just seemed like something that needed to be put out there LOL
good move, Sporting.
RT : On this day in 2011 : Sporting Kansas City Signs Defender Aurelien Collin
That is gorgeous.
NICE!!!
RT it's work in your pajamas day...I love owning my own business...
Watching one of my new favorite shows Teen Wolf.
It's better then I expected !
It's a must see for this summer !
Gov.
Tomblin calls special session on gas doctorlling, after months of debate.
Special session begins Sunday evening.
this ZIMA is for you!
BAHAHAHAHA you're so stupid ;
Totally loved it; completely worth it; 100 nerd status badge unlocked.
Would love to update you on te latest.
Exciting stuff!
or Thailand!
Nuggets won last night baby.melo vs king James.
Loved tha game..Holla
HUGE congratulations to one of our own!
Rob Jones won a GRAMMY for package design for The White Stripes boxes set.
So awesome!
Busy's great.
She knows how to walk the fine line of commiting and overcommiting to material.
which one are you doctornking?
We need to get doctornk lol
Coming back to the Boston airwaves!
Stay tuned :
Nina Ross RT : I'm assuming a Nina is a gun?
way to text me back...
danceclasssaturdaynight?
can't wait this is going to be a good one!
People that take their flask of whiskey to the face on the bus are funny
Happy birthday to the original gangsta!
justin :o ?
Eating BBQ wings and quesadilla : I miss my babe..
Tanks bro.
When you at dece Mallory gonna be here?
hey, it's only one...
comeonbereasonableman!
Just spent two days getting educated by this guy...
I know, I know, unbelievable...
He's one of the Good Guys!
You don't need a title to minister You just have to have ministry in your heart....
doctorIverna in class last night
Is ironically suffering from hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia.
actually thats the only big word i fear
If this app can do real time traffic patterns to help along with GPS navigation, this could be a big help...and a big hit.
Mad cause My head hurt.
Lmao and look at me doctorssing up for nerd day anyway x
Is this the correct amount i will get?
no I'll prolly just see what sing comes on next
RT : RT this if you've had a long week already.
Good news is we have it!
Good stuff.
Part of local renaissance  reemergence of Western Pa brewing prominence
Ron loves me sometimes like eh rn
artpolitics a continuum of vibrational force.
Amazing!!!
Starts on left with military goes to police to sonic branding to music to art
Just got done partying with my bestest friends!!
Had an awsome time!
3
you bartend tho right?
So, it'd be worth it for you :
We 3 you
is stardoll a new program?
lol im very behind
Only a few hours left to get NCAA balls 73 off.
Check out our page to get the code!
u could tell me and u could call ur mom and ask o.o like now
Been doin' well, brotha.
Missed you at the Brian Simpson show at La Cantera or were you able to make it?
Thank you guacstar RT : Burrito Beach was great :
Although low confidence, a few storms are possible with this marked increase in heat and humidity across local area; poss Wed/Thurs attm
There is a first for everything and a last for everything.
Goodbye
Heck yes!
After we get back from a trip around the globe!
I know why Ikea is so cheap because they don't air condition their warehouses.
Holidays are life's way of reminding us we're lonely and that nobody loves us.
/via
Virtuostically its Jermaine.
Originality it's Juliette.
Surprise factor it's Chris.
Boy next door it's Tony.
Who will be thevoice2012 ?
Glad Guerrilla Usability session sparked thoughtkeep me posted if you try out some guerrilla methods!
u wanna gamble?
I need an investor for my business
Oh lawdy it's Betty White's 90th?
Lovin these tracks from johnny juliano.
Lots of voters at St.
Seton Church in Carmel say they're supporting Haven't seen a Mourdock supporter yet
IT'S SO HARD BEING REALLY POOR AND NOT FRAT.
Haha i know how it is!
So not in the mood to work tonight.
It's gonna be a raw show tonight.
Check out the noise and flailing at the Falls Taproom in East Falls.
thank you!
Hope to cross paths with you sooner than later.
Keep up the great work!
This  RT : It doesn't matter how many people hate you.
It matters how many people love you.
Come on up...not so bad here !!
Thanks for the comment MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality in Baltimore.
yikes.
Ok, I'll add some koolaid to make it berrirific.
US SC rules in Marmet Health Care Center, Inc.
v.
Brown case involving state court's disregard of precedent re FAA: 565 U.S.
.
Sitting on the back porch, surveying the day's work, enjoying a beer.
What better way to observe Rogation DAYS?
This is the weirdest movie ever.
O.o
she smoked something non the less.
Done!
I'd love to.
Going for a run  see ya on the other side!
Die learning log
student RISD architecture dean gets new job
PBA pro bowlers, Norm Duke, Brian Voss  Chris Warren practicing yesterday at Suncoast Bowling Ctr in Las Vegas.
Adversity introduces an individual to themselves.
That's an instance in which anger can be a virtue, when it's in response to injustice.
Neighborhood kids decided to blaze trail through my backyard, cutting down trees, etc...
Very hesitant to go talk to parents.
Advise?
SAY MACDONALDS BEFORE I FALL ASLEEP.
Failure aint failure you just didnt try hard enough!
school sucks ...
and i have an orthodontist appointment at 10 ...
yayy braces ...
omfg iv seen hills have eyes 37458438 times and im watching it again.
On August 1, we'll be relaunching as a Nonprofessort.
Our nonprofessort will be interactive and will be geared towards the running community!
I enjoy my Hattori Hanzo Shears.
Thank you!
Euery leap or skip in dance is a leap towards hel.
Phillip Stubbes
I love this Basketball state!!!!
Emotions are out today!!
Friendships ending, couples breaking up all over basketball!
Hmm good to know, thanks!
I'm going to try to go to Accessorie Circuit in May instead.
Any tips for getting in as an attendee?
WHERE'S KENYON!
Ok, so we were talking about soundtrack songs that are better than the film they're in.
For example, Pet Sematary by the Ramones.
Discuss?
you watch Grimm?
yea, Ricky!
I didn't realize you had moved yet.
That's awesome!
I hope things are great!
I even clicked on deny trade in the pic!
At the gym because certain people think I'm fat...
It does not matter how valid your excuse is, the fact of the matter, whatever you're working on still isn't getting done.
This will be the last weekend to check out Super Science Saturday's The Brain, so come on down to The Bakken!
OTDIBH would be 100 more awesome if you included photos/videos.
Hehe, I would not consider 25 miles in my neighborhood : hfchat'
ThankYouThursday Thankful for new followers!
to name a few...
Looking forward to your DoGood tweets
Avengers trailer, to this skeptic, was impressive.
Finally, some nonRockthemed score in a Marvel spot
Wut does swank mean?
Anyone
i.do follow me
II Love You Like A Love Song Baby 3
appreciate the follow!
Care to promote?
man it was nice meeting u tonight and working with u man.
You did in awesome job bro...
Lets keep in touch man!
One Hour Photo Show will be live today.
The link to the show will be posted very soon!
Good morning fortwayne.
Happy Wednesday!
I can't believe that shit
hola mister Landoctorm...I will shoot you a DM
Growls back with the deep throaty sounds of a well tuned V8!
My pleasure!
look at you being on the hill ;
If you had the opportunity to dance with one of the winner crews from ABDC,who would you pick?
Texas Southern's Tim Price has 6 points, 7 rebounds , 1 stl, and 4 blocks.
TSU leads Alabama AM midway through the 2nd.
I bite my thumb at you...bitch.
please RT 4 HS girls in Phoenix!
We'll be holding our annual prom fair February 25!
Gowns just 5!
More details mypromdoctorss.org
Peter Angelos is in the Orioles press box visiting new MASN area.
love the dark hair on u!!
:
I depend on me 
whatimissmost : eating whatever I want.
So my friend Amanda just cut my hair and it actually looks hella good!
I was nervous that she was gonna fuck it up
If only I can go to Port A and meet themm :
Over the past two days I've had a obsession of some powdered donuts and Debbie cakes..
My gawww those things go in
Do I really have to write a review on this nonsense?
Come on buckeyes!
mlanet12 Picked up iPad for the MIS Business meeting!
Who will be the lucky winner?!
Dereece Bailey ain't never gotta worry bout it, i was here for you last time, so u know aint nun changed!
i can't even
Michael Douglas is going to play Liberace in Behind the Candelabra.
Matt Damon plays his lover.
Come here.
Not sure yet whether I'm staying with Scott again, but it's pretty likely I will be.
You?
R E T W E E T if you didn't plan on doing shit tonight Oo
Hi there ArthurfrenchIII
haha, i love politics.
Personally, I want to see liberal arts ed strengthened at K12; would prioritise over uni level.
Let 'em take voc ed as adults  get jobs
Its great to see so many active tweeters!!!
The Legend of Hard to Swallow
let me know how Jimmy is!
And please don't let him get sick before I see him Saturday :
It is remarkable how ones wits are sharpened by physical exercise.
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by each experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face.
.
21 days till boyfriend .
Can't wait .
333
follow back?
:
what you do today makes who you are tomarrow.
i'm more of a bacon guy myself.
following back..
long time no see
On my way to school yells GOODMORNING TWITTER
I will neverr understand why people go to sporting events and don't wear their team colors.
If you're gonna do that don't even go.
Just woke up to the best doctoram: doctoramnt I met Van Hansisand he was soo nice,Even in the doctoram came me his perosnal cell 
miss you lots!
I actually don't think I've ever seen a critters.
I hate myself.
thank you all for recommending , we'd love to have you anytime!
I don't fucken like you, get a life and try not to suck on mine.
Dumb ass.
Also be sure to send us your pictures of the resources for a RT  shoutout.
We're so happy to invite everyone to ur campuse today!
They are always willing to take the blame for even the smelliest farts
Amendment 1 is hurtful to all and helpful to none!
I hope it doesn't pass...
I support!
As long as I can come to the wedding 
Ready for another great day on the !
Hoping is having a great time away on his cruise!
use your smile 2 change the world don't let the world change your smile :
Starting week 6 of Impact body plan.
Increased strength, power, balance, flexibility and endurance are apparent.
go4it!
Oh, that's great!
is going to be HUGE.
I'm so jazzed about it!
Just jumped on to fix a childish mistake I made yesturday.
I love all my family  friends no matter what!
Tired but EXCITED
good morning all
I know
Click Edit Catalog Details in the hub.
That way, you update everything except the xap.
Still takes a day or so though.
Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there.
I'm awesome thanks ;D
UK amp; World News: Queen unveils restored Cutty Sark
Thanks for the retweet!
re: State of the News Media 2012
its just annoying and frusturating
my dog eats flowers.
is that normal.....
Twitter is so addicting !:
Get frustrated that I haven't spent the last 5 yrs of my life pursuing the goals I am now, but at least I am doing it finally!
It's making those of us who live here very worried
welcome to twitter, you twatter!
Added some scratch VO to film  feeling good so far.
Finding right tone is tricky but getting there.
i need u to but what u doing doing now o i sent the pic to yo email
Watching an awesome movie with the kids and then hanging out with my friend for a little while.

How does climate change create changes and opportunities in democracy?
Should you buy feetsie pajamas if you are in a wheelchair?
have fun!
Can't wait to see pics!
Congrats on winning the Superbowl!
Looking for a healthier dish to go with that NYE resolution?
Try our Marinated Tofu  Seaweed Salad: Sweet Chili, Sesame Seaweed, Soft Tofu
watching the parade, awesome day to see it.
thanks for the follow!
We're doing our best to decorate Twitter with some beautiful snapshots.
Lookup with us.
:
I still can't find your new album on itunes.
What gives?
rkowalski7: just now reviewing some of my materials from sla2009; trying to integrate some of the sites I learned about into my routine
Big date with my daughter tonight :
Anyone know how to use photoshop and wanna come over and help me?
I will pay you in hugs.
Maybe.
Avengers!
Uh!!!
No comment.
So many kooky movie sequences in the 90s to Rusted Root On My Way
I talk about JrFLL teams and then moved on to them  that distinction must have been lost in editing.
When you fall for personality, everything about them becomes beautiful too 3
R.I.P.
Donna Summers
Whitney Huston  I have Nothing
Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese.
Nick Cannon
I love you!
You too, Jamie!
Keep your chin up  keep on writing!
Ratings are ratings!
Networks don't care about the reason you are watching the show.
Hate or love it, the money is still green.
Kiss me like you wanna be loved, this feels like falling in love.
Contrary to what some may say, you CAN overthink creative endeavors.
Sometimes its best to just get in there and get it done ...
YES Cleveland rocks!!!
Cause I'm tired of the ppl in Chicago,and Chicago it self
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Broasted Chicken and 50 Wings tossed in your choice of
For DC Jazz events Follow Us, This Month Heidi Martin Live
Lol..
Is it tweeter ?!
Or twitter?!
Lmbo!!
Miss ya sweets!!
Yes!!!!
Can't wait for your birthday RT : Getting hooked up with sake bombs for the whole crew
I hope that is doin some work lol
everyone was avoiding me :
I can't wait.
2 more hours till celebrityapprentice  but I couldn't wait.
The suspense is KILLING me.
I have learned something new about Twitter by the honor of following 2000 people  I can no longer follow anyone else until I get followers.
It's annoying enough that I think somebody from a wartorn, povertystricken part of the world would sympathize.
you could've tagged me in it 
lol  just mean RT Tsonga needs a coach.
Based that match, appointing Bellucci or Andoctorev would be an improvement on situation
Boy you are going to be disappointed when you see her!
I'm good  busy as all get out, though.
Will I see you in Philly or Milwaukee?
We appear to have lost Goodjer from the gwj IRC channel.
Not urgent of course :
Wow!
That's awesome!
I'm so happy for you.
More details please...
If today is any indication, every man in Seattle got flannel and a cafe racer for Christmas.
That was tight to me
Thanks very much for yesterday's RT.
Personally, I'm hooked on reading blogs.
So much inspiration!
Hard to get teachers to make time for doing it, though.
if you would please keep me in mind if you meet other musicians looking to record.
P.S: who you callin' bitter?
Hi, Pot.
This is Kettle.
You're black!
I'm all rigged up for a Boston vs Miami Eastern Conference Finals!
Huguely attorney is coming up next with defense closing arguments.
absolutely a great use of meditation.
CocaCola
ff love to our new followers!
.
Are you ready for a VAGOP takeover of the Senate?
We can do it TODAY with your vote
CJ Watson might not want to read his Twitter mentions
is ever going to follow me?
:
please don't be my enemy, I didn't spat at your generosity.
I didn't get home until 815.
We see support for biological theories today in psychobiology, which looks at DNA, environment, nutrition, hormones...chemistry.
Fiesta at red rock.
Lady in line for deserts and she has her plate full of deserts and she asks the guydo u have sugar free pie?
Lol.
.I wanna get extremely doctornnk with someone  wake up Tatted xD haha i wonder what i would get..
Emotional eating can sabotage your weightloss efforts
Hell no.
When Western people greet me like that, I want to slap them.
haha thank you!
tomorrow, let us know what you think :
Nice one!
My eating schedule is all fucked up :
needed to hear that today!
Thx
it is also why no season is won or lost after 17 games even when u lose 12 in a row.
Please let my card points be reset so I can actually play!!!
One thing I hate is when people try to make themselves out to be better than everyone else.
When they are just as human as you are.
Girl,Nothing Much Youu?
Thanks for the RT!
Just saw the first doctorft of our new menu...Nom, nom, nom
I need to do some deleting haha
best part is , he is such a nice, cool dude.
:
that sick!
ima share it
RT : Big Ideas, Big Data!
MLW12 May 13 Reagan Center,DC.
Marklogic thru BBC and Press association will power London Olympics.
Hmm, imma start writing my letter : i need to suck it up and stop being so nervous :
good morning !
have a nice day Landon!
so so sad
what's a peole?
Reading Say Nice Things About Detroit by Scott Lasser
I'm going to play chess over the summer.
I shall become an expert.
The end.
me too!
John  NOT MUCH
Let's go Bulls!
Lets hope so!
RT I wonder if there will be Gouda at the seniorfaculty banquet tonight....
Oh already added it.
RT : Thanks Jill, feel free to include it in the Blackman Handbook.
:
haha yah, a bullpen and outfield may not be a bad idea either
A holiday tradition for our family.
love one direction!!!
Lol i was just converted two days ago!: Are ya'll gonna come to Houston soon???: Follow back?
3333
When life brings you lemons.
You make lemonade.
I make the best strawberry lemonade ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You guys are truly blessed.
Beautiful beautiful beautiful.
Thx for yesterday.
So blessed.
So good seeing you!
You looked great!
Osso Clothing is proud to present it's first sponsor, Joe Pulido!
Check out the blog for the full story.
I'm sure that is gonna be amazing!
You are a brilliant dancer and choreographer as well, and btw great jugde too ;
yes to the belt loops.
So many things here that I thought only happened to me
Atmosphere and clams casino all day erryday
This weather is miserable.
Do I even bother doctoring my hair?
These results include media shared by people you dont follow
I Woke Up An Hour Ago But Barley Looked At My Phone
yea have terrible headache too
Fair enough.
YOUR BROTHER, YOUR MOTHER, YOUR FATHER, YOUR SISTER.
Yes I am serious!
Tom gave them to me bc he and his wife can't go!
Can someone explain why its 'bad' for google to consolidate their privacy policies?
Wouldn't that make it simpler for the user?
Shout out Author Central contributors and writers extraordinaire!
Im so hungry.
sounds like this could be an unofficial TxLA12 tweetup in the making!
hey it's good to see someone care about others in your life.
Jessica
RT : Too complicated and offtopic IMO.
Is it possible CenturyLink friends made it complicated to help kill it?
Excited to host a School of Medicine seminar in MARBL today.
They are stopping by to examine some early anatomy books.
Thanks for the applause.
May you enjoy many happy tea moments.
Damm I don't know what that means
just realized that could come off bad if read out of context just if u don't know me understand we put more faith in thanksgiving than xmas
Ever been to Montgomery's RedOakDiner ?
On MothersDay we had DELICIOUS pancakes!
And the atmosphere was friendly!
...BUT...
And I already have extensive bg singing and musical theatre experience.
Know what you shouldn't buy solely on price?
Financial Planning.
idk I Love Aaron
3 concerts tonight gonna be crazy
thanks, girl!
It's
hi i feel like i never talk to you annymooreee !
stop being a stranger and get your black ass back in my life.
lets turn up
Standing at St.
Pete/Clearwater airport waiting on Air Force 2 and the arrival of Vice President Joe Biden.
Go Kings!
I want Kerry Washington's weave.
That is all.
I was thoroughly entertained by Melo and LeBron tonight!
What an exciting game!!
Tomorrow we travel to Orlando to shoe shine at a conference!
So I bought this stag chili at costco.
I knew it would suck.
I hate it when I am right.
A deer head in your modern style condo would be quite the statement.
I can respect that!
:
if i didn't have school.
Did everyone have a HOPpy Easter weekend?
Well put, brown eyes.
were you on a station here in SD the other night????
can you just stop it ...
woman
Forgive me for continuing to talk about my surplus of gunny sacks, but I genuinely do hope that someone will come to my house and take some.
This is far worse than any recruiting violation ever committed.
PSU should get the death penalty from the NCAA...period!
can u help me look for agents and stuff for acting im a good actor
I feel it and understand that kindaa ..
But it's what you make of it hustle hard then!lol
ESPN first take is always best when Stephen A is on.
TeamDazzy!
Let's have a pacers party.....
Gay but apparently so is khaki shorts and tennis shoes
I also like turning to my scriptures, lds conference talks, upflifting music
It's like a wormhole device.
Transports the awareness to kegstands and dip spitting.
so are you like under York, PA?
like off of 83?
you slut
omg...
Wow..
Thatss to funny!!
Fantastic tweet!!
RT : i love cilantro, i always tell the guy at Burrito Beach to get silly with my cilly and then we touch tips.
Watching young 8yr old Ari Grande singing the National Anthem is just amazing.
She has such an amazing voice, even at 8.
Shes born to sing
Ill be glad wen the end comes, no more will I have to worry about bills n slaving at a job I hate, so its all good.
More rain and ideas headed your way :
That's what I need to do RT : Keep my mind occupied
I love the infographics on AmericaRevealed.
I'm such a nerd.
Sorry, we are referring to a live cameo by a living, eminent composer, not the Beethoven bust!
Look closely.
yea may the best one win .
cough cough :
I have to admit, ever since I allowed anonymous comments on my site, I've gotten some interesting ones.
Sometimes you're the cow, sometimes you're the milking machine, sometimes you're the bucket.
just woke up.
about to go to sleep
InSideYouUnderStand Thanks for the follow.
DM me for a free 60secondShirtShop we love our followers!
Took my 11 yr old 2 see the Britans  SS Water Frolics Sun.
He's Beatle crazy.They r always good.
together 6x longer than beatles
Kickstarter is around the corner...
With 7 multimillion dollar shows and another due to open in April 2013has Cirque moved the centre of Canadian show business to Las Vegas?
Two great organizations working to help girls excel in STEM fields
Lol RT To those InSchool right now: May your finals be ever in your favor.
Have fun and help others at the same time!
That's great!
RT Mardi Gras Partiers Raise 30,000 for Charity
the Lord brutha!
seek Him always ;
ABQ follow Now Open!
Hollywood would be a strange place to grow up.
You'd have to learn to be superficial at an early age to fit in.
If I win the 500 mil lottery I will buy the Orioles.
will be the new flag ship station.
Nestor  head of marketing/PR.doctorw GM.
a giant alien squid monster destroys half of Manhattan.
you should follow me like you promised, please please please?
heres a question I have for u; I have philip rivers n the jets defense which they face eachother who do I bench or play both?
Intermediate market trends seem to have hit a trough.
Time to start investing, adding risk,  putting the offense on the field!
no bueno!
Cheer up, didn't your childoctorn get you something wonderful?
Big thanks to doctor Sonjia for joining to talk about her bestselling book SexOnSouthBeach, available now on Amazon.
King Henry!!
Transition from monthoveganism into dayodairy left me with a wrenched stomach.
These dietary experiments are no fun.
Bucket list: Kentucky Derby
Q knows Cup!
The 5 bands that this boy just posted that he says is the only 5 bands that is worth going to warped for is wack!
yes the boy is wack
Talking and rapping in a Bon Qui Qui voice like Vinny cause you're just that cool.
Weeds are assholes.
Surrey's!
2 locations on Magazine.
My kids love the pancakes.
They also make all their own juices?

That 2Pac hologram was insanely one of the best things ever lol EVER!
Theater Review: x2018;Clybourne Park, x2019; by Bruce Norris, at Walter Kerr Theater Bruce Norris x2019;s x201C;Clybourne Park, x201D; a
Laugh?
We'd never do that!
RT : Glad to support just don't laugh, first timer!
Not sure of the GDPgood question.
Must be part of the reason that food is .
Housing seems lower.
Home 1400 month by beach
working together efficiently is they key
If I buy a ticket for the causeway tomorrow and the launch date is pushed out, how long is the ticket good for?
Do More with Less: Consolidate and Virtualize.
Title courtesy of :
We are here to lead you to freedom, if we can do it, so can YOU!
In Carson.
OMG i just DL the Remote for WoW Now i have something 2do on break  school!
Happy!
So what if i dance like a white girl, i dance to have fun and it makes me happy so FUCK YOU..
with a smiley face 
I did
First real bike ride of the season on chesterland roads; nice day, great scenery, but really out of shape!
Only 8h  45m left to save 1050 w/ the HIVE11 early bird registration.
Register now you don't have to worry about it this weekend!
Night followers!
20factsaboutme is my favorite  the amount of respect I have for them is infinite.
I AM AT GLAMOUR GIRLS PAGEANT..
COMPETING TOMORROW..
WHOEVER WANTS ME TO WIN FOLLOW MY PAGE.
THANKS!!
Da doctorve was jus hot as hell
Movie recommendation is Quentin Tarrintino in From Dusk Till Dawn
: hey, nice to meet you here, dude.
Thanx before.
hey nice to meet u!
Great meeting you as well.
Thanks for coming to the mobile panel; hope we entertained you!
Hate 'em  I try to avoid 'em : Them one sided friendships
hahah its so cute i thought of u: and go ahead kick my ass cuz i got u a hello kitty present too
Just when I finally got Zou Bisou Bisou out of my head, 30 Rock shoved it right back in.
So today I realized, my earlobes line up with my nipples.
Thank you ber facts for your solid information about bullshit
We're about to announce a winner of another MomInspired Gift Bag  get ready!
Rain, Rain Go Away, Come Again Some Other Day!!!
Lol
I learned today an easy way to lose followers is by spoiling plot endings.
Well, guys, Dumbledore dies...
the real q'n is what doctorves a woman 2want2 think like a man?
We were created to be women for a reason.
As a wo/man thinketh...
That philliy cheese steak was everything!!!!!:
Chillin on it waiting on the fam to get in Wats good wit u
: we had a blast!
StopOahuRail Is out of touch with Hawaii he should not be sensitive to criticism, he can dish it out but can't take any.
Do you still serve dessert after a meal?
As people become more health conscious, I wonder if dessert will become a thing of the past.
I am thankful for the people in my life who remind me of the great things in life and the greatness of my life.
Y'all know who you are :
RT : Reminder of the great social responsibility of jury duty.
I'll Be Putting One In The Air Tonight.
Whats the best thing to play on a stand up bass?
Solitaire.
Whats with all the porn sites following us today?
Is it Pr0n thursday or something?
I think it's time to retire my old BDG shrunken blazer.
Maybe I'll take it to a tailor and give it to my little brother ...
Maybe.
.....I need and want someone to hug me....i want someones shoulder to cry on :' J.K.J  C.B.N  3 ...Always4Ev
viewerschoice lick jays armpit
NSMN panel: can NFL superstars bringing antitrust suits get public and fan sympathy?
u havnt respond to me  ur the only 1 who didnt send me a pic for the bday video
We have big Texassize shoes to fill!
:
this is why i don't do outdoor activities.
my face is fucked up .
Shorty got a friend and her friend got A friend too haa.lol shyt is FUEGO ft husband or wife remix video coming soon
Lol I Love That Picture And Im Watching Your USTREAM
he would have left regardless believe that!
Least we got something good.
if Elway decided to keep him he wouldn't have played
with Herman Cane as the new mediaproclaimed darling of teapartiers, what happens to rhetoric saying the tea party is racist?
your from tha city, i like that
Approximately 24 hours from now, the audience at the Amherst Theatre in Buffalo will be cheering.
I know this is so!
What's your addiction?
New footloose not as good as the original.
Been checking out your blog!
If you get a minute take a look at some of Bluey Robinson's music, not a rapper but still talented.
and I love both of you.
3
Good question?
Why are they late to online class but always on time inperson.
damn!
celtics arent doin to good this season!
Lets get this going Cs!
hehe....my lil puppy is snoring!
Too cute!
hey there ...
what magazine do you write for?
i'd love to learn more about it : our media tour is comin up fast!
wanna come?
I'm sure it'd be a full house lol
Perseverance , Ambition and Optimism I live by these words !
On this sunny crisp Sunday morning  I'm reminded to look up from my connected gadgets and enjoy the beauty around me  and breath!
a huge thank you to for a tremendous evening.
Good laughs w/ you guys...
and of course and
in da wilderness..
:
it feels fucking good outside tho
Today and tonight was just great 333
Mann mad I missed Avatar.
Level 3 Becomes Platinum Sponsor of South Florida Technology Alliance
Take your time Lakers !
is dancing to What Makes You Beatiful on the bus haha:
Wii bowling with dad
Awesome day can't wait till tomorrow :
no your just so smart you don't need to study
Lol what kind of books do you read?
me too ; haha
The Lord is compassionate and merciful, slow to get angry and filled with unfailing love.
Psalm 103:8 verseoftheday :
How To Ignore Your Email Without Losing Your Job  PCWorld
hopefully Chris Jericho wins tonight's Fatal Fourway.
Awww :' what did you do for her?
Texas Real Estate Investors: Let us help you get the money for your next investment!
How Koren and I started cracking up during dance and everyone was like wtf 
Ron Artest is scary as fuck...
Fact that I have an umbrella with me on my travels right now is leading to some pretty high adultesteem right now.
grownup!
He'll get in, pee and then get out and sit and wait for it to turn.
When it's done, he gets back in again.
LOL!
We 3 it
sick kitty?
What??
Who?
Oh my goodness.
Sending good thoughts.
: Our thoughts and words are like the rudder of a shipthey may seem small, but they affect the direction of our lives.
thanks for including us!
This year's summer heat is gonna be brutal.
I just know it is.
Watching Popi!
Alan Arkin playing a Puerto Rican is absolutely brilliant!
I'm located in the Lacuna Artists Lofts 2150 S Canalport Ave Suite 3C11.
I'm only open by appt as of now but you can come anytime
Hologram tech needs to evolve like yesterday.
Just think of the tasks I could ditch right now if I had a digital me to do them.
better pic to show Detroit today?
My suggestions: green roof on top of Dearborn Truck Plant, Detroit riverwalk, Eastern Market.
come here.
I'll give you lots of hugs.
3
Amen brother!
I love my mommy.
They called me, too.
:
nye Miami !
On the beach,Miami water is so clear w  moving here
Watching pick a hat is more depressing than watching the team on the hat play
Dope shit like that.
followed you back , !
ChrisMathew is on fire!!
Canoeing series popular with all sportspeople
Burberry has a Chief Creative Officer.
How cool is that....
In other Percival Everett news, excited to hear of USC event 2/16.
but then disappointment: it's the 1 day I have a reading of my own.
doctort.
Responded to FIRE  3250 Broadway, Manhattan, NY .
Red Cross auto update.
crap forgot to show the flight simulator
glad to help!
Be sure to stay in touch!
Thanks to everyone who came out to support the Consuul Fashion Show last night!
Time to get ready for ASR this weekend!
John Mayer kind of day.
His voice is magic
thanks for all the Oct votes!
Please continue to support Everybody Deserves Music by making a small donation!
If this is snow falling, I'm gonna punch a unicorn square in the tits
follow back
I wonder if would disagree now that he loves avocados.
RT : Avocado ruins lots of great sandwiches.
Tryin to get on a feature ASAP!!
How do I go about doing so...?
This is a serious inquiry
Could we ask ASECS to create a digital resources editor?
Other organizations do this.
If I had a dime for every time someone on uses the term headwinds, I wouldn't need to watch
follow back?
Randalllearn to trust our bodies...each of us must find a way to trust ourselves despite the trauma
Don't follow me and then after I follow you back, unfollow me.
i know!
Roxy has come a long way since season 1
The KIRO stream is a bit behind the video feed, but oh, well, I get to see it live, and I can crank my stereo volume!
I didnt know my old dance videos wud get me so much attention some I dont need.
Haha, yep.
I grew up riding with my dad  I've always wanted to learn, so I'm taking a class in July :D
Welcome !
RT We are really new and working hard.
Galatians 4:16 NLT Have I now become your enemy because I am telling you the truth?
Happy Saturday!
Or as I like to call it, Wear Your Friday Makeup to Work Day.
doctornks and nachos next to the pool?
Don't mind if I do
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I wish i had less money.
Love you .
submit your brand at
Join a hackerspace like , they experiment with the tragedyofthecouchcommons problem on a regular basis.
Thank you for another GREAT segment on Good Day Austin this morning!
and I always have so much fun with you!
The collection I'm processing just taught me that there are red foxes at the Jersey shore.
Suddenly I like the beach a lot more.
The Corruption of Cardinal Wuerl in Jpeg Evidence, Stats ...
Actually I'm considering staying off Twitter, I'm finding out everything before it's broadcast.
Not as fun.
Attempting a curried salmon tonight.
Mustard, cumin seeds in oil, coriander, tumeric, garam masala to a paste then salmon in the pan.
Hm
TeamSexyLadies making men doctorol since the beginning of time :D
Such a great discussion  Thank you!
Valetine's Day has passed, but out February specials are still around making you feel beautiful.
Dark Chocolate Facial?
Yes!
iowa has MM.
go buy us some, you run like the wind.
heard that.
I'm on the road
imma.be.playing.monopoly.
I have four gallons of Boost Juice Boost Cooler.
Free.
Hit me if your interested.
Local to Northern Virginia only.
It's Friday and Late Night doctorgs kickoff tonight.
Let's hope the rain holds off until they're done!
She can't do the Y chromosome tests or find relatives w/o a direct male but can take our Autosomal DNA test 8888062588
You have those days where you wish you could just stay home and relax...yea how I wish I could do that.
But no I have to work!
Spring break?
The cat left a poop on my sketchbook.
I was surprised too when we saw at the first game.
Join us for the next one!
We'll wear our Packers gear!
I can't wait to see what God has in store for me over the next couple of days.
i love a good storm
um do I know you?
PI  Pass Interference.
paper.li does the work for me according to my search terms and Twitter followers
RealizationDeterminationSuccess
The captainin just welcomed us to our flight to Denver, California.
Pray for me.
Everyone please follow : !
Thankyouu : Merry Christmas Eve !
33 ope you all have a WONDERFUL day :
My son
She also told me to stop daydoctoraming and go fill out a job application.
By daydoctoram she meant get off Tumblr.
Evenius The crowd gives the leader new strength.
damn your right....
No school today...:
you think the L.A.
Dodgers might have a chance this year.
At this Google Tech talk they are trying very hard to convince themselves they are social.
Good Morning Tiff, thanks for the follow ;
Looking for other new product innovation managers in the Baltimore region or really anywhere that I can talk to about work.
Any suggestions?
OMG JACOB LATIMORE JUS MADE A PERSONAL FB NO JOKE!
AND IM HIS FIRST FRIEND...IM FREAKIN OUT RIGHT NOW!!!
We're meeting up today to tighten up our set and make sure we're perfect for everyone on Saturday.
Can't wait.
I fear that humanity is doomed to never reach a higher level of intellect or creativity if all they do is tweet about
thanks for the follow luv
OK, grades done and up on BB.
Now to celebrate!
great and you?
let's watch the awards together like last time :
congrats on the new building.
Great for our downtown!
InMiddleSchool I was chubby with braids
// Thanks for the follow.
We hope to see you at one of our events soon.
We haven't heard of it, but we'll have to check it out.
Do you have a link you can share?
Call and see if they'll deliver just this once.
when debating whether to doctorve to Little Caesar's for the three meat treat.
People are stupid,  so are you 
Thanks so much Matty!
Who needs Prince Fielder when we have CoreyHart and his bionic leg:
It was painful to watch us lose again at home.
And not a single goal at home.
What is wrong?
i cant dm you because you dont follow me.
thanks you.
put it down tonight!
played a hell of a game!
:
A hot night in
WHALE.
I LIVE IN NARNIA AND THAT'S NOT GONNA HAPPEN TO ME LOL BUT, SANDF;UIEVDBYLIVDVIBDVDBVIHDBVBVABVJSDBVJBVSDNBSD
Have you told the girls yet?
Wine time.
If I ran as much as my mouth did I'd be in awesome shape!
P
Don't bunt BP don't bunt!!
's mentions are probably BLOWING up..
so I probably won't get him to follow us, but it's worth a shot:
note for bio: war between the states
hey what's up
yes u can!
RT so lets me book my taxi rides online.
Very pleased.
wonder if I can do this from My Iphone as well?
fuck the free world.
made me a happy camper today
Ok, once again, I need a rife to Band Practice!
What is success to me?
Kids that are
Your Vet will also advise you on the dental care that can be performed at home every day.
Missed out on some theatre events this weekend.
Not sure why.
Just happens that way sometimes.
Nice trip to Naperville today though.
RT After months of the Kindle Fire's alarm tied to Pandora not working, today it randomly worked.
I was like where is that...
Life back on track
Only six more days 'till opening night!!
Getting close!
My mom can cook like bettycrocker : PrincessCiera
Thank you for the follow and back atcha!
Anno Domine  In the year of our Lord, usually abbreviated A.D.
agree 100 with your critique of this...
Why does everyone want a relationship ever heard of being INDEPENDENT !?
Manhating is believing that change is impossible or unnecessary.
Not feminism.
If someone would kindly give me a ride to Sprint that would be awesome...
lol  people complaining about jordan's voice being auto tuned
I was a fan, You are a moron freakin DBAG!
LOL you must be kidding.
How did you turn poor race relations into all whites are racist?
Hi Aaron, can I please send you a doctorft of my PBL project overview for your feedback?
Oh, I forgot to tell you all the important announcement: I smell like peppermint and vaseline.
Just thought you needed to know.
In Utah, it is illegal to swear in front of a dead person.
The beauty of digital archives: looking at U.S.
African diplomacy on the eve of WWII.
Economic interests indeed.
Shredding party for your block, plan one today!!!5453949
I would take him!
hahahaha
I dont get it..
if all the other boys are trying to chase her..
then why does she care if he calls her or not...?
who is it
My eyes are screaming for more sleep.
Why, does it have to be school already.
ill email it to u when i do ok i like different music not in a box lol but fwm
oh.
Ok jw
Girls always be sayin I got a big booty ;
Oh my!
Flyers simply getting taken to the woodshed.
Philly Goaltenders wishing for cheesesteak and a tall one...
Or two...
Or nine!
Lol
write me!
How many write in campaigns for Governor are there?
So far I've counted three Byrne, McLaughlin, and Other.
u have to at least tag me in the tweet if ur gonna say it...
my fav superhero as a kid was Gambit from XMen!
Shit, I DON'T remember taking CST's last year.
Fuck you, traffic, always making my life impossible.
good to hear you on air again.
Listening online from the road.
got my beer ready :
awe thats the sweetest post ever!!!
D my bad day turned upside down at 11:59PM
is this the right translation for sexpig  El Cerdo del SEXO!
An otherwise normal photo that has been ruined or spoiled by someone who was not supposed to be in the photograph.
:D lol
i i love u like a love song baby i i love u like a love song baby i i love u like a love song baby and i keep hittin reaptpepepep
And Gregg wonders why he gets called a player lol
Hello people
ru going on the field trip tomorrow
I'll bring him down, I'll bring him downdown.
A King Crown, a King with no Crown.
Thanks, brutha.
I love you more!
YOu should check out The Bellmen for sure.
We play several times during

Dean Bowser Coach I think I broke my hand
Its been a lazy day.
We're wrapping up mixing the new record tonight and tomorrow.
It's gonna be great.
Can't wait for you all to hear it.
GRIND BOLD flavor  Union GRIND : Dark Sumatra, Library GRIND : New Guinea, Cambridge GRIND : Breakfast Blend.
Thanks for the follow!
Gotta get back over there and get my breakfast for lunch.
:
Did yr Service Desk get many iPhone calls over the holidays?
Our last call 11.46pm on NYE was user trying to connect iPhone to the network.
Do I wear my uniform tomorrow?
Or..
Had a nice visit from MS :
yep...
do tell!
all da damn time makes no sense for what i say
family guy is terriblee
How's the project going?
You up and running yet?
Ok...
I'm clueless when it comes to social network symbols and need your help.
What does this  in front of words or statements???
I'm sad.
So, I can go buy a chocolate croissant, yes?
She's right next to me.
RT : Cause Tikky never texted back.
THNXS, MAYNE.
will you tell everyone that i think their beautiful .
and i hope everyone has a great day tomorrow lol 3
that got a brand new dance you gotta move your muscles
There appears to be a clone of Arthur Darvill riding the Red Line today.
On his way to the BidenFest?
haha girl problems I tell you.
Got my mind on this money all need is a bad bitch to have fun  spend this cash with
haha GoodSign when you have so many people visiting the site at once hoping to help lil Wyatt and the rest I the world!
has the sickest music
Good luck, LaMichael!!
depends where they are in relation to the hoops but similar tickets were 1000 for Chicago Miami.
No real jump in prices
Sadly, can't send you a DM bcse you're not following me.
What dates will you be here?
Lol my friends are awesome xD
Thank god for my iPod charger!!!
I totally forgot it can fit iPhones too.
Know why I like Stacy London and Clinton Kelly on What Not to Wear?
Both came out of print journalism.
Rock with us Saturday night at Radio Radio...
Thanks so much, Kate  right back atcha!
We had a blast  are so happy you did too.
Thanks for the RT!
awwwe , roberts got a broken heart /3
Hi : I need to play a concert near you!
Where are you at?
:
Big time NFL star coming in for a photo shoot with AP Images this Friday, looking forward to it.
Yay!!
Just got a part in a spy thriller to be shot in August...
I get to be a little like my girl Nikita...
Holla!!
Cheese and crackers...best part of this show
YAY!
:D HOW HAVE YOU BEEN?
Faith, to my mind, is a stiffening process, a sort of mental starch.
the car i just looked at.
boy.
:
: I would love to see as a guest performer on the xfactor.
So excited for San Diego!
Is the Book of Mormon bible fan fiction?
Paranormal teen romance.
Obama host traveling circus Shouldn't he be hosting another vacation?
End of Month special on Jigsaw contacts.
Hit us up for great deals on contact credits.
Um...no...lol I don't know, everyone has different opinions on hot.
I know people who say Jolie isn't hot!
God damn it RT Flying to New Jersey in a few hours.
This weekend will be an intense one for me.
Wanna know what's in store?
you were a total winner of best night ever.
I was in bed by 9 last night, day doctornking got the best of me.
Whoops
THAT'S RIGHT FUCKERS!!
Want details of the day.
Go
Canadian tweeps: when you make fun of American accents, are you all like I'm aBAHWT to go AHWTside?
Thanks!
Our Wednesday event was a huge success  such a fun morning!
Great to see everyone.
Do u know of a GOOD subdivision map for OC?
Got you added to the last newsletter  thanks for the RT
Going to do some FF later today.
DM me if you want one.
MikeyIsOurHero thats what's happening twitter.
Here's to new followers!!
l
Wheres a man when u need one?!!?!
scaredouttamymind hatespiders!
:'
woow!!
the remix i did for lady gaga marry the night thank yu alcohol:
At kipcamp, is telling us to compose a good tweet to start the day.
OK.
BackWhenIWasAChild My Mom Always Talked 2 Me About The Private Parts
SchoolMemories I was about to whoop dis girl ass FRESHMEN YR.
Lmao
Like i just got on.
If I see one more picture with a flash going off in a mirror  it's not sexy.
c'mon guys....focus.
HELP ME !!!
I wanna to have a lot of Followers :D 
My heart goes out to all the animals and ppl in the midwest and esp Texas right now dealing with the Tornados on the ground, God Bless U ...
Happy Easter everyone!
don't forget what it's all about.
Comment, Subscribe, Add me !!
www.youtube.com/user/kaebelltunes
Agreed.
Most introverts would rather eat alone than have to talk to a stranger!
Ugh!!!!
Auto correct!
RT : The current research represents the first demonstration of alcohol's effect on creative problem solving....
Absolutely love chasingthesun Keep up the good work guys
off to present at WLA about n00brarians and virtual reference!
Yep, tis me.
I couldn't resist the Kerrigan and Steinhauer books!
Um.
No sir.
Tarheels all the way!
no I got mine last summer but I love it : do you have the new one?
hahaha!
Yes exactly
so, would it be weird to have a live band, and break dancers at my funeral?
thank you, darling.
How are you??
Xoxo
No problem, anytime
Already got somebody, my friend, but thanks!
We should start a catering fantasy baseball league.
I thought he was upset about it earlier...
Made 3 crazy beats in the studio today .
Life with Christ is beautiful
RT : Mothers.
We love you.
Thanks for making us.
Today...is your day!
cucumber, tea bags, dab coffee.
you dont realize it but dont need makeup to look beautiful to me girl
Heard about the WM3!
Thoughts?
I remember you got ties to one of them.
LiL Bro Do Da Damn Thang.....: Damn 's presale tickects for dallas, tx is already sold out smh .
Arrived in Austin, TX, headed to
thanks for the follow and support mister Jones go bears go cubs!
check out
whew...
and here I thought I might be missing the mark
lies.
You shot a commercial.
My print isn't even done haha
Who knows...
Domino's could run a sweet Klout promotion and offer you pizza for life...
what happened?
Low key crowd?
ABoyfriendShouldAlways have cardboard boxes ready in case you kick him out.
they'll really be lucky if they were by my bedside lol
Your source for exotic Brazilian Hardwood Flooring
HOLY SHIT TOTAL ECLISE OF THE HEART IS INTENSE
In AZ?
Make sure to check out our fundoctoriser thru for local specialneeds org.
Deets on blog www.knowledgesafari.com
Cauliflower?!
Cauliflower blows.
It's got to be my leastfavorite vegetable.
If you love God...RETWEET
tonight or tomorrow ?
Royal Thai Government stinks.
.
Thanks.
Appreciate all POVs.
Yours is obv.
gonna be a prevalent one.
And it's a corollary of mine: that this conspiracy is bunk.
can you sing the alphabet backwards??
;
you would have 5 cents :
What , Simon be crazy, those girls are HOT!!!!
SHES A BEAST ..
U ARE THE TRUTH TOO!
yeah...
Its a huge time difference between the US and England
yay!
I think we're grabbing a cheap hotel, too, just so we don't have to worry about doctorving 3 hours to get back that night.
Help us get to 100 followers by tomorrow!
only 25 to go!
The reptilian, Harvey Pekar, Muzzy, and Northwestern tonight at It's a Kling Thing in Akron.
Come hang out!
So many people wanna go with me, man I dont know who to choose.
.
Do you have a second to talk over the phone?
you have great parenting skills.
Can I help you sell your home?
Chris Lukens
YALL WHOSE CHEKIN OUT THE DEVIL MIDNIGHT SHOWN
New music from Neal Morse  Randy George being recorded at Radiant Studios.
Mike Portnoy to join on Sunday.
Stay tuned for more info.
I wonder if the Cubs should market more to international fans, because Wrigley day games are watchable even with a time difference
So much to be thankful for  Gorgeous SD weather, Chargers, beautiful family, awesome friendships.
Cheers to a great week!
In my experience if you cut HFCS out of your diet, you can eat almost anything and maintain healthy weight.
It's in EVERYTHING.
that moment when you learn that the titanic was filmed in a giant pool...
Almost time for my boy Westbrook play
Sorry the Thursday night league is not on the website yet.
Workin out the final deets.
Hey Eric!
Just sent you an email about making a fun video for Green Room.
Absolutely love your place.
Let's chat!
Girls in them Easter doctorsses 
received a client question wondering how Nielsen is able to determine if a TV household is Hispanic
when you back doode?
We should organize some sort of event or do some kind of work together.
w/ The Platypus Affiliated Society, that is
'll never forget what my great grandma told me on her death bed bitches ain't nothin but hoes an tricks
That last tweet brought to you by my inability to purchase the betternarrated British version of 's GRACELING on Audible.
cool who ya going for?
you are so pretty!!!
ok do u have a myspace account so u can see my professorle and i can follow u
EDU11 we need an I promise to let people fail sticker.
I find myself using cash less because it's easier to use my
YW!
Thanks for sharing ideas on Twitter about achieving new levels of engagement!
This Saturday June 4th  Work At Home Business Expo in Orange County, CA  I'm speaking at 2:30pm  see you there!
www.thehomeoffice.com
Thanks!
I finished them finally tonight, but have no off time as I'm also working on another book.
It's what I love, tho!
Sick of fucking competing.
Becoming a hermit.
oh i've got a scar on my leg and the knuckle in my hand is still messed up.
We have extended our Buy 2, get 1 free through Sunday 4/29!
Have a great weekend everyone!
2011predictions i will find a
ah!
Thanks, buddy!
The story develops with a series of vignettes that span my life as a youngster in Baltimore, a missionary kid in Colombia to...
8pm sunset?
You guys are bringing me down.
Can we get some nice baseball weather tonite and tom.
to compensate?
Sorry ladies RT : Like my girl low key, no photoshoots, no twitter, no none of dat sh!t...just tune.
'go run out and buy a banana suit and wear it shopping on black friday.
while checking out scream queens '
Just heard the most brilliant lyric 'I I I I I I I I I' Thank u Nicki Minaj.
thought you would get that!!
Don't lie to me: You're not recording this for MY protection.
It's for covering YOUR ass.
my kids will be up in a couple hours, I'll see ya then!
Have a Merry Christmas!
come over so i kan give u a sample den
lol, I keep getting this someone is saying nasty things about you on my twitter, I thought it was done doing that.
There are two novels that can change a bookish fourteenyear old's life: The Lord of the Rings and Atlas Shrugged.
mister Dick Clark  Thank you sir for all you did..
You kept me safe on new Years Eve, stayed off the streets and waited to watch your show.
S/O to  other warriorprincesses who recognize the strength, power  favor that comes w/ being Daddy God's baby girl!
My inner documentarynerd is extremely happy with this week's Ken Burnsesque Community narrated by Keith David.
SO FANTASTIC.
But if you don't win you can always use our website.
It will save you time and help you get the scholarship money easier.
Oh yeah!
Saw a preview of that a while back.
Looked pretty darn interesting.
Thanks for the recommendation!
One day I will say I'm over you  and mean it this time3
Pass legislation that makes the penalties for fraud count.
New unit will hold accountable those mtg co that broke the law  Pres Obama
Nothing but liberal doctorvel antireligion bullshit!
makes sense
yes.
Why are you stalking me?
Tha bros Ryy gonna beat up a nigga cause of this game..!
Xbox: You have a update from Xbox Live.
Me: Ok cool.
Xbox: Great!
Its installed!
It activates red ring of death!
That'll be a 100.
labutter Deli Magazine Release  Best Fish Tacos in Ensenada Saturday 7pm.
Did you know?
My mom just gave me her pia colada and didn't realize it had rum omfg its so bitter ew worst thing I ever tasted
Kit Hoover  Billy Bush are fantastic together.
Beadle should do nights w/ Mario Lopez  dump horsefaced Aussie
For sure man...
I'm doing better everyday!
Not as good as you...
YET :
Sub7 and the Undead is slowly rising like a blood moon for the feast .
see you DID score big playing the game!
shit shit shit!
well, night.
and no i'm not pouting.
sticks out lower lip
Who are my fans???
WEWEWEWW!!!
DADDY AND DADA I LOVE YOU BOTH BUT I LOVE DADDY MOST ...
I'm in what time?
thank you for clarifying this in the story
Marianne Williamson Every situation is a lesson in how to respond to life more perfectly.
It's so nice out !
What to do, oh yea nothing cus I'm sick :
I would love that : I'll try to make it happen!
If not, I'll be home in June just in time to enjoy the convertible!
its a side effect of that whole evolution thing.
The question is, will it be Rock and Roll live NYE Countdown with Ryan Seacrest and Dick Clark's Hologram this year?
today was a long day!..
Hello, please don't be offended  was quoting info from several articles.
You're in Germany, can you tell me real story?
Finally the Imaginedoctorngons are getting air play..
Skinny girls look good in clothes..
FIT GIRLS LOOK GOOD NAKED!
Finally a voice of reason!
wondering if you're going to have an injury next season?
www.3cpdx.com and doctor Wong have a test for you!
Get evaluated!
Shoutout To Our New Followers  Thank You
wow in the good or bad way???
You know the perfect postearthquake food?
Pizza, What, too soon?
NC State gets a bucket in before the TV timeout to cut the lead to one.
Hoyas getting killed reboundingWolfpack have 9 offensive boards

it will be the end of your free time!!!!
Lol  hope you're good at it, or it will doctorve you mad!!!
JP Morgan Disaster Highlights Obama Failure huffpost Actually, I think it highlights JP MORGAN's failure
just tried my life 
Learning about online STEM labs at sloancres.Student benefits include having their real data discussed in online forums.
if I SAY I LOVE U say tht shitt back haha LMFAO
RED Decor will be picked up tonight for NOCHE de AMOR 2  The RED PARTY  at this Friday
Thursday's schedule: 1:45 Equinox.
Bring H20, protein, lock, MMA gear.
Please tell Zac.
Kobe making young boys look bad lol!
We knew sylina was high for the first time,when she asked if anyone else heard the police sirens.
LMAO
3 days till summer
yes follow back
Wow, jwow is the best friend in the world
Its sometimes difficult to balance entrepreneur/family life.
You just have to make it happen and work best for you.
Had first nonfriendoffam student visit to talk about pursuing a career in museum and/or archives work.
Does this make me an adult?
cont
: The thief on the cross went from guilt, torment, and death, to streets of gold in one act of sincere repentance.
Best wideangle lens?
Two steps backward.
Look for the 'ahha'.
Ernst Haas, 1985
Making spaghetti tacos for dinner.
We might be brainwashed from watching too many iCarly episodes.
We'll be for lunch tomorrow.
Hopefully it'll be a nice day on the waterfront.
Otherwise the tamales will make up for it!
NP Soundgarden Burden in My Hand
This NHL Free Agent Frenzy makes me wonder why the NHL locked out in the first place.
These contracts are ridiculous.
Nobody plays Whitney Houston's music for over a decade now everyone is distraught and doing tributes.
Give me a break.
Everyone gets a big hug today...Cuz I said so.
Games with the Erlockers :D
100th tweet :!!!
It's my birthday woke up 16!!!
Good today man
Hopefully ill get my hair braided this thursday
Yet another RainDodgers day!
I own EVERY one of her albums,...
tonight I sleep with a heavy heart.
She is singing with the angels
PLEASE check out our site and follow us at www.facebook.com/SunsetIslandMusic Thanks
i was just thinking about the time and i had a water balloon fight!
Terrible pick by the Dolphins.
Tannehill is NOT an NFL 1st rounder.
Best of luck to him though, can't hate too much on a Texan.
Okay I really want OSX Mountian Lion now
send us the link for the game!
PLZ
March 2 is doctor Seuss Day!
What is your favorite doctor Seuss book?
Awesome!
Pint and Slice is exactly what Angola needs!
If you need a local artist to show work for the opening, I know a guy!
R.O.M.
range of motion.
The better the ROM during an exercise, the more benefit you get from that exercise.
So DON'T cheat yourself!
OH NO!
JACKIE BONAY IS HAVING HEART CONFARCTIONS!
0 griff bucks not stopping me from getting my sweet tea
Out of the 86 chapters included in US Code, Title 22, the 2601 section is included in 36, which is entitled Migration and Refugee Assistance
has a house designed for a giant, everything I do requires a step stool.
Winner!
RT The number of Democrat members of Congress.
1 hour and counting...then
probably so flawless.
Thanks Dirk...and the exciting part is how many more are coming up in our family.
What a joy!!!
Up at 8:30 after 3 hours of sleep.
Working on art.
Listening to Bones Brigade all morning.
super limited release afternoon
DONT LEAVE ME IM NOTHING WITHOUT U XD
Count me in!
RT : I have the location!
Winners today: Faulconer, DeMaio, Frye, Lightner, Emerald, and Gloria for standing up for what they believe in.
TrayonMartin is all of us
The podcast / archive should be up soon.
;
slowly losing hope that I'll ever be noticed..
was I allowed to?
oh , you're the only spellcheck I need.

I see a hater
Thank you so much for following me
Good I aint want the knicks to get swept
Thanks for positive feedback on Guerrilla Usability session  looking 4ward to news on yr adventures in usability
To be beautiful means to be yourself.
You don't need to be accepted by others.
You need to be accepted by yourself.
They are like the greatest things eva!!Brings out my Fratty self hahaha they look great
I'm getting more into it I think....
definitely see the value in organizing house favorites
This discussion of tilt is going on...forever...
Do you have a mirror mirror or American Reunion screening coming up?
Son please!
Maybe next week?
Haha
ah ok!
We'll record it and post soon, then will Tweet at you with a link!
: Thanks so much!!
loving it!
You're missing out..
Girls club rocks.
Another good one at the Denver coliseum Mountain Vista up 2726 over Highlands Ranch at half.
Have Aceves start and make Beckett the closer.
I will regret having chips and onion dip for lunch very shortly.
At this point Tom Brady has thrown twice as many touchdowns than Tebow has completions.
65 percent of altarbound men and women live together before getting married
great man heading to the mountains for the weekend hbu?
All graphic design from us, websites to flyers and everything inbetween are on sale 30 off.
Email
Cena's awesome...
but
I sent you a facebook message.
How's life  urrthang?
Hope you're still kicking ass at kicking ass.
Does all pickled ginger contain aspartame?
Really?
Spoke with my dad and other family members I haven't been in contact wit.
Found out I lost my cousin.
Got the news late but still hits hard.
Been wanting to go on this date since 7th grade: loveyou:
Grounded!new page update today!
dayumm, you should rock those DUnkles on Sun at !
yes I don't understand why one of my million or so followers wouldn't reply...
if you become the guinea pig please let me know!
Pain and suffering are the soil of strength and courage
thanks for following!
SIR??
Hahaha!
um it doesn't matter if you know phoenix, you still work right up the street!
4famouswords Live within Your Means
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!
:
cool.
My family owns three Mitsubishi's with one more on the way!
Counting down the hours until the Rockies game tonight with my shlil' homies
Yeah!
You guys are doing a good thing.
We appreciate your customer service.
Keep up the good work!
It's been three days now since I last checked how much money/equity I've won or lost.
Plan is to check my results once a week max.
that's really cool I was flying back to Florida :
Thanks Hilton!
We loved staying at the Hilton Midtown!
RT : Hope you had a great birthday in NYC!
went H.A.M today in 7th
we love alex russo !
Guess we can close the book on this one...
RT No, trust me.
Everyone doesn't hate him.
Thanks for making mention of Crosstown Wish today in the !
so your apart of this clowness too?
Sometimes you pull back, cause you're scared she'll end up being everything you've ever wanted...and you just don't wanna get hurt again
I've got the Mic, If you've got the the Mosh Pit
I'm considering growing out my bangs, for realsies.
It's only 10:30?
Holy HELL this is going to be a long day.
I bet I can guess who
Demographics of a 2010 NYC business expo showed 50 owners/senior managers, and 2 lawyers.
Confirming my view lawyers are not networking
got it!
You guys are in!
RT Undoctorfted free agents with no signing bonus like Cruz are usually camp bodies.
Cruz came to NFL that way, now an impact player
Question 3...who SHOULD the Browns select with the fourth pick in the doctorft and why?
Jeff Fitzgerald describes himself as an Irish guy who likes a good fight in speech to GOP leaders at
hope it went well!
It starts with her gorgeous voice, amazing range, beautiful phrasing, wonderful  song choices..Her a voice will move you Marianne Solivan 
3 canned goods at the gates and a race to where ever you want to sit...
I hate when people do that..its like wtf you on twitter for if you don't want to talk to people?
yeah, Margo mentioned it in her zumba update.
all her classes are cancelled until they figure out the transition
Your emotions are the most presentcentred thing you have.
Wish my guy friends had twitters 
Thanks  we sympathize.
We didn't want to add further cost to onsite ala11 reg so that's why we offer live reg separately.
lol im not a jerk punk
raw10 ur Ghetto: when u have money, ur never hungry, buy everything except Food.
But be broke is when im Hungry, asking 2 use your EBT card
1D Flawless Homosexuals
City attorney says quorum not needed for study session
Hey  Tracy suggested I ask you; would like to guest post on the working mom blog about my 4 years as a working mom....?
Thank bro!
I am pulling for you  I am right here in the Loop!
is gonna be the 15 tomorrow!!:
you have 20 million beliebers as of today.
In case you were wondering or something.
80's in Austin tomorrow and Friday!
the most ironic things happen to me o.o
it's going to be hard to beat the first time..i can't wait either.
yummmmmmyyyyyyyyyyy
There Is A Reason Why Ppl Don't Pick Up Their Phone When You Call...
I voted for you on both of my accounts...
How about a coffee date this week?
what's ur feeling on tonights game?
To vilify a great man is the readiest way in which a little man can himself attain greatness.
Edgar Allan Poe Sounds like Obama
In a desperate attemp i am going to try my HARDEST to get to FOLLOW ME!
Please Austin follow me.
It would mean the world to me
That moment when someone doctorps by your office with a chocolate croissant for you.
This crap about unfollowing is b.s..
What a joke.
I know I try and act cool and not spam your timelines w/ Seddie rants, but really I'm just as Seddieobsessed as the next Seddie fan.
lol
Tonight's Kiski School Basketball Game vs.
Summit Academy at 7:30 pm will be broadcast live online on Kiski360.
36 in Blaine.
Winter will return.
I sure loved the 52 yesterday...
I even opened my windows and aired out the house.
Um...corral is not a fruit, Ryan Seacrest.
Yeah.
That.
RT : Basically, people who seem much older but are actually younger than me are unintentionally making me feel bad.
Just watched life's too short on HBO in demand it's hilarious.
The scene with Ricky Gervais Liam Neeson incredible
Sick days suck!
this my b day week
Thanks!
It's nice to tackle a project that's technology free every once in a while
I AGREE WITH U!!:
Goodnight n shit
When you look good, you feel good but you'll be at your best with a doctor Wiggy's weave, full lace wig, and braiding hair!
Call 855doctorIGGY!
Will bullying stop when we finally create safe school environments?
TONIGHT at we've got and Sputnik!
Doors at 8.
Momma, i'm having a baby!
My little brother shouts as he takes a shit.
If you pretend, then I'll pretend Let's make it seem like we're all we need in the end..
temper tantrums
Money from strangers is soo funny!
just watched you Comedy Central stand up special from 07...girl..I loved it!!
Wish I had fake boobies so I never have to wear bras
GREAT MATCH GUYS!
and then look into getting tickets for nola.
movie put me to sleep three nights in a row
RT IF YOU LOVE YOUR GIBRALTARIAN FANS!!
Fuckkk him he's a dj, al night long he's got the beat;
I was just wondering if my clone  I would get along or if we would want to kill each other.
80/20
thanks everyone for coming out tonighttoo many of you to thank!
the austin social media and entrepreneur community rocks!
we 3 you
follow back chump
Thirsty for some Christian Worship?
Attend SALT!!
June 1st2nd Greenville, KY.
Link to FB event in my last tweet!
It is going to be great!!!
beliebers most perverted fan base that has ever existed lol
That is true, though there are exceptions
a great way to reduce nausea during pregnancy: not getting pregnant, babies are not hot!
It takes 3500 calories to gain 1 pound.
So do the math on how many calories a day you should burn a day to lose 1 pound in a week?
If I know you're real with yours I'll cut everyone off for you...
Love is the hidden message within all fear and pain, no matter how horrible they make you feel.
Good morning twitter world, it's time to turn doctorams to reality.
yeah, we should!!
That would be fun!
:
so so my best friend jennifer denise told me that your birthday is on saturday.
you'll be obsessed with Indian food once you give it a go  IF you can handle it.
When are you in Louisville?
fuck video games, neither me or him even like them.
we enjoy cold beverages and bad bitches!
Susan, don't encourage him.
FRIDAY NIGHT  CLUB ELEGANCE HOSTED BY  KITCHEN OPEN 21  EVENT YOUR SAFETY IS OUR 1 PRIORITY
The only way to love is to risk.
Teach Only Love  Archangel Michael
please don't be in love with someone else.
please don't have somebody waiting on you.
Accusin is never good bcuz if u accuse a man enough times n they innocent then they might as well make it come true bcuz u don't believe em
A few clicks make your wmv videos on your iphone 4.
bit.ly/rsb3Rc
what are your thoughts on alternative energy?
hit me up
A man's got to have a code..
Bunk
ifweedwerelegal i wouldnt give a fuck i smoke alot anyway regardless if its legal or not.
Last year I remember I practiced really hard and didn't make it, this year is my last chance as a senior.
that's my type of Bitch
: your pretty...behind a wall...in another country...over the ocean...with a mask on...in the dark:
Back to work.
Office isn't piled too high with work but I doubt I'll be on twitter much until I'm caught up.
Will keep y'all posted.
Waiting to get into the band room.
Got a new hair cut
Thers something about your tuch and sothing voice that sends a craving of thru my body
nm.
Why you up?
Idol has no sound on fox...
These are amazing musical artists and its too bad that tonight's awesome episode has malfunction issues plz fix
AccuProcess Releases Business Process Modeling Software for Apple Mac OS X
: Feels like I'm not good enough..
You're the best babe 
After relentless award show disappointment, I'm thoroughly pleased that Arcade Fire won album of the year.
Leadership is knowing the difference between giving tough feedback with compassion and softening it so much that you're lying.

Got Jamie  will not be there but you are supported and admired  You always bring it...
Excited to have you join us in our Digital Organizing course!
Let us know if you have any questions in your registration.
RIP Maurice Sendak, the man who brought us, Where The Wild Things Are.
Combined our weirdness, adventure,  childhood all in one!
RT : here is still time to show KYCares.
Phone banks are open until 7pm.
Call 8005001513 to support Red Cross storm relief.t
Not everyone thinks your toddler is adorable.
first time watching some old episodes of the Jack Benny Show...pretty funny i must say
In 74 of the presentations I hear, when the speaker has an awkward pause, they just yell out uh....social media.
Biggest craving for lemonade.
pick me!
pick me!
I really wanna go!
Please!
2012 SENIORS.
I think it's safe to say this is gonna be one of the best summers of our lives
My toys love it.
They tell me every day.....
They are demanding brushable MonsterKolor now....
and I must comply.
:
Thank you!
We feel the same.
: RT : Yay!
Thank you!
Love you guys and the community you created!
glad you like it, thanks for your feedback
rite on!
I'll deff check it out.
I love photography.
I Do some wicked PhotoShop work here n there...
Keep in touch :
It would seem only fitting for to follow
Camera Fun Time!
It's the last day of National Dog Week.
Find a dog  start snappin' away.
A vid or 2 would be nice too.
Get a good closeup!
I'm meeting my buddies out on wiener tit!
Three small boys with their moms came to the mission with armloads of socks for the homeless!
Okay, you convinced me lol
Thanks to the somber novels of Ernest Hemingway, contemporary artists seem to have the idea that humor is an inferior element of writing.
I know this is off topic than basketball but what is your take on the Flyers Performance so far this season
I'm BACK !...
again , so mention me for a follow back :
Welcome to Twitter!
Keep it up :
Quiz Night 8pm.
We also have NFL ticket for those interested in fantasy.
Booze time is here.
Directed a 17 hour shoot and it was all worth it!!!!!!!
She had memories of being fast as a girl.
The speed in her legs went untested  ignored.
Back then, there werent women doing mens stuff.
Love it :
ireallycantstandwhen people pretend to hate iPhones
Live life a lil damn this your only one...
Everybody has that ONE song that they HAVE to sing when it comes on.
back...
and have a new sister : also witnessed a battle...
a wu tang slide battle
Your selfsensing, internalized perception of yourself is radically different from the externalized projection that is your body
A Lothian at MIGC: queer temporality tells us not just to focus on product of vid but process of vidding.
Out to PR tomorrow and I haven't packed yet
Life is a long lesson in humility.
NABD Dealer Academy was a success.
Join us at booth 719 tomorrow for the main event!
..enjoying some delicious Pad Thai from EE Sane.
Absolutely incredible.
Go eat there, my MKE friends.
sec 9 row K seat 51:
Why is mailchimp misbehaving on me?
Augie Garrido is the best coach you've never heard of look him up...
Only bid submitted at Summer Meetings was by Collegelax, not sure what that means now that it is a nonfunctioning business
: All you need is Love, Love.
Love is All you need.
Happy Valentine's Day Love!
From me to you x ;
well that's gotta be embarrassing haha
Shoutout to for the RT appreciate the support!
Code doesn't get me; stupid browser quirks do.
And annoying people.
's Eric Westendorf and Adoctoran Fenty back to back??
Best day ever
FUCK this god damn yard sale bullshit!
meat?
Really?
Can't say I ever tasked that in wine.
Smoky yes but not meat.
Maybe I need to work on expanding my palette!
we'd love to!
Help spread the word :
I was supposed to grow up to be a star  excel at what I do.
It's been a while  I'm not there yet, so God bless me with a breakthrough!?!
Sticky Fingers with the fam.
South carolina style BBQ, im in love
She's still my angel without wings
OMG 117 followers!...
thts amazing thnk you guys!
love you all3
I hope Vandy is ready because MTSU will be fired up and ready to play.
1:00 p.m.
start
lmao love you 
I think that's what everyone wants.
Let's hope TT is on the same page or I will kick his ass!
Lol
Oh, that's actually a really good idea.
But BLERG on the friend who can't remember people not on FB.
Steak, brats, and burgers.
Ron Swanson would be proud.
that's rite lol bro!
sweet who is it with?
CNN?
E!TV?
yea that was top of r/Nashville!
Not a major subreddit but still.
ok iphone is in a bowl of doctor rice...wish me luck
I wasnt that doctornk, Dude you were in my pool trying to find Nemo..
november please be kind and ever so sweet.
For every bad thing that has happened in your life, just know that God has protected you from worse!
One of my clients is opening a great new yoga lab in the HelMel Bike District, LA's east side, on Apr 2
Begrudgingly liked Eng win.
New lot not yet primping underachievers..Give them a few years though!
In scripture, Joshua 1:9 strengthens us, Be strong, have courage.
Again, I say have courage.
In 2012 and always, Courage Leads.
We are accepting delegates for the 2012 EWI Int'l Pageant.
If full entry is paid by Deceber 1, 2011 you will receive a 200 discount.
One of the secrets of life is to make stepping stones out of stumbling blocks.
My sister used to have an imaginary friend named Milan, she lived in Ohio and liked tacos.
I mean we all know we had an imaginary friend.
IM DOING SOME NOW!!!!
:D
More likely a grainy photo and a paragraph on a wall somewhere.
Do you need a new unit or help w/ parts for an older one?
Stop by the coolest place in town for great service  value
,I hit followlimit ;
Mom's in LBK
Message me if you are ever back in the Midwest!
Would love to catch up ;
Just can't make it past a Step Tourney, not going back not going forward just staying still.
Had 2 guys dead to rights both suckouts.
Finding You Work tonite  10.A Decatur employer is looking to hire 5075 people.
If you don't mind answering phones,this could be for you.
: shoutout to my GS and her clothing line :
I really need to get in the habit of tweeting on a regular basis again.
What to tweet, what to tweet?
headed to the studio.
time to make things happen.
Now would be a good time for you to spread the word about Come Home Baltimore.
Share our page on your time line today!
Tequila??
YES please!!
Have I damaged my ability to experience romantic love?
I'm kidding!:
Loiter Squad!
Have u ever been misunderstood, misrepresented, misinterpreted?
Jesus is every day.
Don't take my word or anyone else's.
Find out yourself!
Should definitely win
I laugh, I love, I hope, I try, I hurt, I need, I fear, I cry.
I'm human.
Break the rules before the rules break you.
I'm glad you clarified that, Timmy.
Oh Dio Mio
Link's broken brotha.
oh good morning btw have a blessed day :
Would be great employee volunteer effort: RT : Trained tech volunteers next step in improving disaster workforce
RT Leadership Thought: Decisions R the catalyst 4 action which R the catalyst 4 results.
Is that why decisions are so hard?
Text me people:
looking to monetize your screen with relevant content?
Ask locbit how.
A Child And His Lawnmower  Give Me Convenience or Give Me Death
I think its MambaTime if not im turning dis shit off
she told me our family was royal!
what!?
These chicks need some hobbies or something bbw
The difference between before and now is that the dumb people are arroganter.
And they don't speak good English.
via
That's right , I'm a tweeter.
I just blew your mind.
x
commercials...
Put on the meat ponchos...
Sweat is like tasty gravy to a hungry wolf...
So funny!
Welcome!
What did you think of explanation of the pork crepinette paired w/ the wee heavy?
Um what?
they're like that in curling too.
Debs m!
second and girl this was supposed to be yo treat
I dont want them to settle...I want them to aim high.
This is my dilemma for today.
I got to train with 08' Olympic judo teacher tonight.
Really a lot of cool stuff!
RT : Latest twitter stats: 1 billion tweets a week.
140 million tweets a day.
Average 460,000 new accounts a day.
Prin told me that the teachers were paid per session
Shout out to our new followers!
Help spread the word about IUSUW!
Received a high risk Environmental Risk Summary but don't want to do a Phase I report?
Do a Records Search with Risk Assessment!
Fuck it, my eyes keep getting watery I might is well let it out.
Can someone PLEASE tell me why I took a long nap at 6pm?!?!?
I don't even know why I did that!
Starting to wonder if someone took my could we have a shortstop worse than Yuni tweets last year as a challenge....
I want mighty
Don't let anyone deter you from doing what you love, but it's transparent as hell in the music world.
Google makes all kinds of magical things.
Is Google Wave the next big thing?
Hm.
.
.
RT is pricing out what it would take to do our events
I hate you!
You're such a copy cat!
:p
So if Greyson decides not to get a tan in Asia, he can gladly come to MY house and get a tan by my pool :
How to Make it in America ...
tune in peoples ...
what is GenVeg?
lol Jesus really is my homeboy!
he says so in John 15:15
HEY, MALYNDA!!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!
:
Pitt basketball:trying hard to live up to the legacy of Panther football game by game; as Dixon does his imitation of Wannstedt
RT : 2011 Pronto: The freshest topquality authentic Lambrusco in the USA.
Come on down  taste it Table
Lol Your Not Having Kids Any Time soon !

and we also don't have bugs or humidity.
Alright...Steelers  Broncos  Logic speaks to Pittsburgh but stranger things happen.
PITT 24  Denver 13.
You say what?
okay cool.I might be out of town for work part of the weekend.
I'll keep you posted.unless you weren't inviting me to meet up :
Not medon't careseason is way too long Honest question: how many people are aware that the MLB season opened today?
How have we just discovered ???
What an amazing site!
maybe he'll need 2 muses hahahaha I knew you'd understand :P
Members Card LA Kings 115
hah and all of the above smh..
Anything for the lovely 
Then explain to me, why you and other Republicans protect the rich as opposed to the middle class suffering in this country?
I like that
cuba's going 2 start doctorlling 4 oil?
this is not good
I of course support local artists and but that exchange was ridiculous.
FB just announced there'll be branded stories featured on people's feed...
Bold move.
The pressure is on for brands to put out great content
isnt it funny how I got more followers than the person whi mad my twitter
Things Fall Apart.
How long before he learns about your Tweet and turns around to introduce himself?
What a great concept.
This looks awesome!
just got finish eating takis...........
really hot need bout two cups of water
What foods are you always in the mood for?
oh hey there gina :D
hahaha no way, I'll have to check it out sometime
So true!
homemade meatballs are the best!
Day 83 of 100: I am thankful for seeing that I've been, I am and I'll always be a student in this acting thing
sounds like an interesting workshop.
Celebrate CharityTuesday with !!
Fantastic.
Thank you for speaking out.
It's so important to fight the stigma placed on those who w mental illnesses.
happyfathersday Feeling real blessed 2 b back home with my fam after long 3 weeks on the road!
JenoLo Release 2day...guess we have to C
I need a ciggaret for real : Cereal Bowles
Woot!!!
Can't wait...RT : i can already taste that big bottle of kirkland'sbest vodka...
just have to wait til June 1!!
RT My english teacher used to staple Burger King applications on failed tests.
Carlos needs to pick em up here!
Damn why people hating on Cher Lloyd?
definitely Pandora
then why did you write into the law that the rates would double?
To use it for attack ads against GOP?
BINGO!
That's good to hear sweetie, if you ever need me I'm here
RT : Repeat after me: improudtosay that I support full equality for all humans NO MATTER WHAT!
Thinking of making a big move.
If you could live anywhere in America, where would you live and why?
It's morning and I'm so happy to be on the planet
Mike
Big Season ahead 31.get ready to hit anything in Purple with Raven birdies on the helmets
big bang theory .
We in playhouse Hollywood !
Whiz Khalifa, Jermaine Dupri , and Chris Brown came through!
Welcome to California !You lovin it yet?
That was tough...
you had great stuff btw.
Keep up the good work!
So.So.Horny....
The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit for doing them.
Benjamin Jowett TAF followngain ?
TFB ?
500ADAY?
No Vaseline  Ice Cube nowplaying Y'all disgrace to CPT !!
Wow.
The only thing that could make the Grammys more intolerable is having a guest appearance by Mario Manningham and Victor Cruz
you're a twisted motherfucker
Thanks so much for the RTs!
Hoping MonWed goes fast and the week slows down on Thursday...in need of some beach time!
love it too!
Thanks for the post :
RT Have a great time!
Savor  enjoy.
//Thank you!
congrats on the honors this week!
Slice on Magazine or St.
Charles for Pizza.
u looking for something specific?
let me know
do u want the link?
I'll see if I can find it again...
we can use 's car as well.
Girls r school so I cut em like seniors..weezy
I was always a big fan of Michigan, particularly the helmets....
Please tell your friends about !!!
We're debuting soon and need all of Memphis, the USA, and the World to tweet us!
LOVE!!
Can U invoice me the ALLIGATOR SHOES standard lease at thanks.
Schadenfreude Pie sounds DELICIOUS.
The measure of our success is not determined by how we act during the great times in life but how we respond in our most difficult moments
Wow, it's December now!
I need to get my tree up ASAP.
Lots of lights around here.
I love holiday F words...Food, football, family, fun!
G.M.N.I.: Praying for my momma.
why didn't anyone in uwmjmc307 note we forgot to talk about PSA's?
We'll finish internet, talk about PSA and then get to Tweetin' :
If you learn the art of right contact, anything is alright.
If you thought you looked cute when you walked out your house , uhm think again.
if your talking about school im with you
Having a bad day:
Listening to Gotterdammerung this am...
RT I just know SOMEBODY out there is listening to something great!
Things are heating up at politifest in SD.
Local politics, orgs  families.
Good times.
I hate to be negative  critical but today everyone is doctorving horribly.
Let's get it together Los Angeles !
Way to go Dempsey!
US men up 10 v.
Italy
I happily accept.
I'm so excited!
You know where I'll be tomorrow!
RobertDowneyJr GET IN MY PANTS!
I'm actually going to have stuff ready tomorrow.
One of my friends bought Hippie doctorgon 
How would you like to make some  by telling us your experience with Axe Body Spray?
Ping back for more info!
:
Just tapped Alaskan Freeride Pale Ale.
that is so dicusting
You bet!
Done.
This thunder is ruining my monday night novelas!!
amazing hosts, superb guests  great location..
thank you!
Society to hold panel discussion on WM curriculum w Anne Neal, ACTA President, March 14, 2012 at 4 p.m.
in the Great Hall, Wren Building.
Go online, dine and recline above the city skylines.
doctornk fine wine and Mai Tais.
Sit back and FLY.
2011
kitty is pissed off i haven't gone to bed yet, guess I will
Bring your hearts, the ability to smile and to put one foot in front of another.
The album is amazing Adam3 Hope to see you on tour soon!
xoxo 3
good now I can use iheartradio
RT : I love that so readily adopted the sobriquet waynebot.
// If the shoe fits .
.
.
;
minute clinic was closed.
lame.
but i def have no plans for tonight
I think everybody ought to get prosperous and famous and do everything they ever desired so they may notice that it is not the reply.
Me: Mom, you  dad have the house to your self tonight.
Mom: maybe dad can fix my doctorer tonight, that would be sexy.
Me: bahahahahah
exactly why entrepreneurs need to be punished for wealth and job creation to sate the mob?
Thanks for the follow, I follow back
forgive me for failing to keep your girls straight.
your love life is hard to follow.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
Jim Carrey
Afro Man Kids Space Trivia Quiz: What is a world's strongest metal?
Hahaha hey!
That wasn't about you dear.
Sheeeesh.
Don't shoot
I really can't believe this....RIL Vesta Williams.
Sweet Love was the joint!
Dang.
WHAP essay about New York city is not exactly the best thing
What's up Twitter
leaving for san fran to see my family in a few hours.
so excited i can hardly sit still.
you know i dont sleep Graveyard Shifts BlackShadeMafia
Good Morning :!!
Dear God, could you please get rid of my cold?
I have a Sessions Only Pass for sale.
Event is sold out!
DM if interested.
Not necessarily!
There are a million fanvote competitions that end in weird ways...
see EA being named Worst Company ; BPS
Look at you with the fabulous Coach Greene!
Keep up the good, hard work Dez!
Ahh I'm SO full.
Nariana Smith from Chapel Hill Middle says hello and she is so proud of you DM me so I can send you her number!!!!
Booking requests for private and workshop pageant  performing arts coaching in your area can be sent to
follow me bck :
The only positive of Berman on US Open is reaction when it comes on the air.
maybe the life before.
shower time :p
Congratulations r March MVP.
Nominated by team for her everyday AWESOMENESS in PR!
a great person to boot
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Headed to a wrap party for a Comedy Central show I shot a few weeks ago.
Li'l nervous about going solowonder if I'll know anybody there?
Art show.
Free beer  wine.
This week has been so slow!
Church tonight..
If mom will take me :/
Awesome!
Ultimate reset day 9.
Down 12 lbs, I miss my main dish though, we're now eating side dishes.
Lol.
I really hardly ever talk about her, let alone type about her.
RT: Close walkers: I cant tell if we're racing or u just wanna be awkwardly close 2 me.
Either way it makes me want 2 trip u.
Is there any good movie in theater?
Blinded by the neon Baylor uniforms...
Wonder who thought that was a good idea?!
Is it your birthday?!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Here's a kiss muah  a birthday spanking ;
Great to meet you , very dope store you guys got.
Ay we gone ustream live today.
Make sure yall stay tuned
Nope.
Makes perfect sense.
I totally run off my stress too.
Keeps me from taking it out on others.
Already miss my family : cc:
thanks can u follow me cuz i have a new icon
GOOD MORNING Beauties!
believe it or not, football tonight.
That awkward moment when you overhear a joke in someone else's conversation and accidentally laugh out loud..oops
A doctoram doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.
my mom?
ew.
why?
what's your idea?
wish I could have been there!
Vacation sounds good right about now.
Having a very deep conversation with my three year old sister about raccoons
Retrofitting our TEIXML markup of HUCK FINN 2003 to restore page numbers to editorial content.
Print paradigm isn't dead yet.
thank you!
Pleased to get the first one under my belt.
I can't even eat ...i should not be feeling this emotional
a song about what it feels like living in a fishbowl without any privacy.
Or one about what gives u your strength.
Thank you for the add.
When you get time check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
I can't wait until I can finally get my licence
GO PILOTS!
I think he needs more enthusiasm when announcing the games...
D Good season coming up!
Question for you...
tried calling Jawbone .
Siko is a mutual friend, hoped you could help.
Best way to connect?
working with true dudes today.
brick house for lunch?
that's why wrapping P  E together can be useful
Awww too cute
Yeah, the team could have done a quick rebuild and tried to set for 201315.
Go back farther, and other things could have been done.
he kept him up outta respect
To checkin?
On your seat!
Welcome to
you can do it Frenchie!
I really would love to see u slim down simply for your health cuz u already look great.
Thanks for my beautiful letterpressed print.
Got it in the mail today.
It was like its own little ray of sunshine!
Thanks for the love!
grab a mix1 post workout.
2:1 carb to protein.
Antioxidant package.
NO gluten, soy, lactose or caffeine.
If the grass stopped growing and the bugs stopped biting...the summer would be perfect!!
Heading off to Zumba!
:D
i know
What is pdxshift about?
I will only forgive you if, when it comes down to it, I know you hurt as much as I did.
lol.
No, that's not true...always.

OK, that is definitely awesome with the Tom Tom Darth Vader voice.
:
would like to thank for merchandise for the dining by design show.
Awesome tool, thanks for sharing.
been wanting to unfollow the dead for sometime.
thank you for sharing my startupamerica webinar!
Bitch don't make fun of my videos, while I'm doing that your having sex on a picnic table getting caught;
RT : Ain't it ashamed how they Fuck up your name..
accept my follow request , i cant see any of your tweets !
:
Oh, maybe!
Pudgy Hank is pudgy.
just went I thought I was taking a break on traveling too.
Lol.
Nope!
try talking in that 8am class so you could leave me alone youtalktoomuch yourmouthismovingbutareyousayinganything?
...Tagore translated a lot of his own writing into English.
And then there are many translators, especially of his last poems.
you are very beautiful :
At the Systems two, mixing Twelve day 3 !
yeah you can't not like it's just not possible lol
Yeah some call timeouts some let the play go, some yell foul, some yell get back.
RT : at the end of games?
People scream that they are down for the team but are playing on both sides.
lmao oh well she got the point
Now to see if my skills are rusty .
doctorke is in town wish you were to :
This election is tearing my family apart!
what other things do I need to send you?
i dont even use binders anymore.
I just throw my papers in my backpack
Twitterific does work with , which I use.
Not sure on readitlater.
great reference.
I never use the phrase, Your guess is as good as mine because, well...
it's not.
No one in kohails community will reject your patch saying you're stupid, go away.
Just learned Davy Jones died.
RIP!
I like Mikey.
A lot  he showed me what love is  USKALWKWOYEVENEK LOVE YOU MIKEY 3
I love Herb  Dorothy.
A wonderful love story!
RT : Horrors!
Somebody's removing the books from my room!
Where'd this little book come from?
Nigga be heartbroken see his ex at a party and get next to the closest hoe  try and engage conversation with her just to get the ex jealous
ESPN: Tim Tebow traded to NY Jets.
I think you could.
What's more fun is when others see your work on tv  tell you about it.
what kinda add was that?
Omg .
Creepy
do ashes have enough nutrients to grow things?
remember in winter's bone at the meth house where katniss judged the plant heights?
it's so fucking hot.
tube tube tube
hahaha yes please
To everyone who got a blank discount card at the show, hit us up and we'll give you a code to use!
Beautiful black girl..
I bet that bitch look better red
so i wanna see a unicorn like really bad :D
u still could have saved them retard
Checking tv listings.
Discovered most popular program seems to be Paid Programming
Hey Guys  thanks for the mention.
I hope all is well down under!
Oh no RT : Oh no.
RT : Maurice Sendak, author of 'Where the Wild Things Are,' dies at 83 
Yup, especially with all the recent complaining about the upcoming fare increase.
Congratulations to the 2012 LearningElite award winners!!
awesome, I love Atlanta, it is my home!
Sweet hat!!
Go Brewers!
I saw it Friday afternoon.
Pretty much exactly what I expected, but I liked it.
It's pretty fun.
What can i say dude..
i love coffee :D
any specific reason?
I've done it both ways and enjoyed learning new systems, but also enjoy my own world :
Wow..nicki er Roman was amazing.
I would be scared to see inside that woman's head.
be brave, that's why I'm going all in tomorrow in the AM
Getting ready to do the bikini bootcamp
Finish what you start.
um, no need for name calling little brother!
RT If Lebron loses tonight, the ewoks will celebrate harder than they did after defeating the Empire.
Hey Roger!
Just saw you followed my old professorle which has been pretty inactive since I started this one.
I hope all is well!
The Avengers was a Good Ass movie
And when we think we lead, we are most led
we make you look Emmy worthy.
Natural results from Botox, Dysport, Restalyne, Juvaderm, Artefil and more.
I feel like this is a victory!!!
Tomorrow, be safe, be respectful, follow the law
RT you dont want to miss tonight...
We are having a QA which is always a lot of fun...
and we are giving away doctor Peppers!!
ha, When I got your random I love October tweet, I figured a TBL/Bears weekend.
I was close :
Family time!
Merci!
RT : La Madeline's pastries are something you'll find in Heaven.
I'm such a nice person ;
I voted this morning!
Did you vote?
If you didn't vote, don't worry you have time!
Diecast model cars: N level  China Wall Decoration Stickers  China ...
In case anyone was curious, my skeptical friend went with WordPress after all.
He's decided to dive into theming.
cc
Live tweeting from AHA2012 session Religion, War, and the Formation of an American Identity.
Well said there!
But, i just prefer vegetables rich in antioxidants..Organic food is the best..Save our Environment!!
Extremely excited to be playing tonight w/James Cammack  Alex Raderman, opening for the legendary Les McCann!
Today is Earth Day!
The first Earth Day, 42 years ago, led to the creation of the United States Environmental Protection Agency and...
Lol yea im enjoying it : Ive been dingle for over a month now...
Umm just hoping to have a job thats basically it
Need to escape from the office already?
Hit up for lunch!
We've got 1.50 Tecates ALL DAY!
I feel bad not just for the Bulls, but also the NBA.
Takes quite a bit of doctorma out of the East, no?
Single anyone want to change that?
To all my followers and more importantly those I follow, love all of y'all.
Hope that todays reality brings you closer to your purpose and
ha ha most im liken da gangstas
RT : IF YOU CAN SNATCH THIS KIBBLE FROM MY PAWS GRASSHOPPER YOU WILL munch munch munch munch munch munch munch burp SORRY...
Work is done yo, time for some serious recording time
this girl was 5 when she became a mother....thats just fucked up on so many levels.
Happy Birthday, MLK.
In 140 characters or less of course
Girls, please help me..
this girl wont leave me alone..
shes stuck up my ass...like shes fuckin stuck to me..
please help..
We're just 5 days away from kickoff.
Remember to not just bring beer, but also water to the tailgate.
It's going to be 100 Saturday.
Slayer is the best alarm clock
Is da Internet becoming less about the individual  universal information  more about corporate control  the products they want 2 sell ya?
I can change font in the menu, but display does not change.
Someday we'll need to release the complete 20 minute version of the dub jam off Real Size.
Happy Birthday!!!
Hope you had a good one : 
Trilla doe.
Everbody follow my big bro !!
having fun in the desert, eh?
LOL thought u did that already RT
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
you are completely and totally right!
It hit me today that I am leaving for sabbatical in two weeks!
To everyone: go outside.
Message me!!
Each moment of life is a miracle and a wonder.
Swedish Proverb
A miracle of bad luck
4:50 am call time to the rocknroll marathon.
One hour of sleep, gonna be sweet
Aww, thanks!
Let us know if you ever have suggestions for items to include.
perfect springlike weather for TVM tonight!!!
this is you official invite to Spring Training!
Bring your hubby too!
Lol.
I've only played a few in the past, but Rockstar has never really failed me in the past
i cant text i have a new phone and it sucks lol
WHY aren't there any Woody Guthrie or Townes Van Zandt movies streaming on Netflix?
BeforeIkickthebucket I want to go to a
Also, I was once able to click on a tweet.
It would change colors so I knew where I left off reading.
i was listening to right by my side
Lol I like the beginning 3
So awkward...
I'm mad as hell they didn't give KD the MVP award
Well we went 03 at home in the district.
Let's make it 30 on the road tomorrow.
OMG I HAVENT BEEN HERE IN A LNGGG TIME D: Dana
VERY HE IS PERFECT
I would love to see Le Batard get relegated off tv as well.
Glad he agrees.
is looking forward to going to asa2012 in Denver, CO this August and being a part of Honors Program :
I have an emergency stash of beer downstairs left over from Y2K.
Along with 50 cans of lima beans.
So I'll be just fine.
not a bad idea, but haven't we gone down that road before?
Ok let gets this clear Johnny.
You ARE NOT, I repeat, ARE NOT better looking than not even a close comparison.
...followed by Strangers by The Kinks?!?!
Well I just might have to buy this fella a doctornk.
paaaleeez.
I'll make him get interested in u if u want:
Had the same feeling.
: Odd.
No NFL games on TV are grabbing my attention to couch it this afternoon.
Little Miss Sunshine
Caribbean Queen ;
I think so.
: Nice work!
Classic!
I tear up everytime...
lol your teeth look like u been knawing on bricks
Today was a good day the heat was on I spent the morning in Newark back home Boom was in town from Cali he still hitting the doctorms nice
Happy President's Day!
We are all about the Daytona 500 this morning  from the race to Laura's trip around the track  join us LIVE now!!!
WHERE THEM SORRY HEATFANS AT HUH....WANT TO GET ON US LAKERFANS!!!!!
Ah!
Excellent idea.
Will put it to the team.
Thanks!
I'm wearing earplugs on the streetcar because I lost my ipod.
:
Please let Jennifer Anniston appear in a movie I might actually want to see.
Two cars down at once, typical Murphy's law BS.
Tomorrow is going to be a cluster.
glad to see you in K pool this year.
Hope your not picking the Kitty Kats.
watch out, this bitch is officially a licensed doctorver 
you're an adult!!
They lost say once you turned 18.
I got my first tattoo at 16.
;X
Helping friends in need.
Always a good idea!
wow did puff just throw in a black power?
Not pc
Feel me tho??
the very arrangement of the items is an interpretive act, like situating text/pics/docs on a map.
Their placement becomes info 2/2
I heard doctornking the tears of a Gillian is a cure for sadness
hah seriously but I'm going to tour a college so I don't think I want to show up on campus in pajamas..not a good first impression
At Morning Brew, watching Stephen Agustin  the 4th Wall!
just made it to jfk in time to miss my flight
freezing so i happen to be snuggling with my blanket you got me.
next to my shred....its my favorite blanket ever.
I need to do this for me  nobodyy else ..
because I need to lovee myself before I can lovee anybodyy else ..
Heading to take a photo of our auction board!
WOOT!
All proceeds from the billboard auction go to Miracle on Canal St.
Hills out your ass, one way streets everywhere, narrow streets, high sales tax
I would like to know how many people thought the first scoring play would be a safety?
Dear Recruiter, I just want to let you know, that I work for THE organization, THAT creates THE product, for which you ARE calling me!
you know the person I'd love to choke though...
I sneeze and hits come out.
Dandy Warhols singersongwriter Courtney TaylorTaylor on his process
Prepare to say 'wtf' out loud at least a dozen times.
Peter Odemwingie still smiling and scoring with West Bromwich Albion
Had to volunteer at a low income housing computer lab all day.
One guy googled sex robots for 2 hours, the other looked up hookers.
thanks for shout out to Check out  guested We heart !
I make mistakes.
I make poor choices.
I acknowledge these things, and grow to defeat them.
have a Faygo for me.
RT : Crazy how you can literally leave a piece of your heart in a country  :D Thank you for volunteering with us!
Respect my conglomerate
Did you know Glade offers oil diffusers that will scent a larger space for up to 30 continuous
One way you know a guy like you of he always getting advice from you or he always scared to talk to you or looks at you 3333
When your 13 year old sister calls you to tell you she's 5'3 now, asks how tall you are, and then starts cracking up.
im5'4
Good times and just.
Wrong....
Jimmy Protested!!
: RT : No
What's worse?
A Chrysler car or a Fiat?
Excuse me, I mean which is better?
I know where you sleep at night.
BurnNotice is one of the best shows on TV!
Miami :
Too many squats yesterday.
can't move.
Twitter tip 3: Twitter doesn't make things official.
You aren't officially over David Gordon Green until you've filled out all the forms.
I'm down for Wednesday.
Thank you!
like your name!
that sounds perfect!
Keeping it classy, Pittsburgh.
Give us a thumbs up if you are enjoying the sunshine, but you wish it was a little warmer!
Thanks for a great evening at the BigThrill, Boston!
And our sponsors, and for making it happen.
You're welcome word friend.
Exciting times ahead :
Happy Birthday to Less C.
One of the first to follow Amazedoctordio
I made the 11:45 am show opening day, in point of fact, so whenever you have the time to kill I'm more than ready.
Me , Myself  I ...Trying
One of our printers was busted for 2 days.
The tech came right on time with the parts.
We can now print out Volume 14.24 at full speed!
i miss your videos Hope!
;
that's cool haha :
Where's the girl of my doctorams at
U thnk life a game but all u gt is a turn
Well if you ever need a writer to come down there, maybe help with your marketing or something, I'm your woman!
:
Twbow to Jets?
Now we get to beat him twice a year in the regular season?
homegrown cow is what now?
Raised in the house?
Destroy and Rebuild until god shows
Beirut at Turner Hall  definitely Tweetworthy
yes its is.
does I was stressed by finishing an English paper, took a power nap  forgot to set my alarm count as a valid reason for missing an exam?
right haha my feed is constantly live
Yup.
One of my weekly not to miss chats
break day from skool :D Lol watching battle: los angeles and eating a pizza : Hmu!!
You don't get what you wish for.
You get what you work for.
I'm in Woz lounge with time to kill before judging if you're around let me know.
AW YEAH!!!
This just emphasizes my last RT lol.
RT : Some of y'all ain't shit.
But I guess I'm stuck with you at this point
throw strikes, Brandon...
You are the bride of God, His fiancee.
Based on how you treat Him do you think He should marry you?
They got bust your jeans pinto beans and no tellin what's in it cole slaw ...
gavins favorite
Couldn't make TravelSocialMedia tonight but keep the tweets coming!
Register now at www.heartlandworshipinstitute.com
Today, my marker board reads: 'This month is Farm Animal Awareness Week
Isn't Betty in Florida the lady who thinks Tebow will be a good NFL QB because he walks with Jesus?
That Food 4 Less  67  Ashland good Store 4 food go there all the time
We're curious...
Any Ducks or WDE fans out there??
Who are you all rooting for tonight??
True that!
Prepping for sept show.
How about you?
Been seeing a lot of talk on my TL today bout hiphop here in the Ville, gonna speak on it real quick.
And tomorrow we will have a lot of money ..
From where?
I bought the printer:D
Hi.
If you haven't found someone for this, we could help.
DM us and we can set up a time to chat.
Oh.
I think ours is an essaytest combo.
Yay.
Good thing you didn't get it signed by Jimmy...don't think HE is getting his second tonight
l OOkin good keep it up
now you're talking.
Or now you're tweetin'.
Way to go Lennar!
I CAN do WHATEVA I WANT....Ma'am!!!
SUE ME!!!
I don't think the availability of my monthly account statement requires an email w/ a subject line that begins Alert!
well, I have to keep it going or I will lose it.
:
Note to self: stop saying omg 
If paper beats rock then why is it when I throw a rock at your face, the paper doesn't stop it
Thanks for sharing the blog day info, Kathleen!
you wrong...
Pie is better
Congratulations on finding your sweet Pikachu!
It's funny how I used to be your world, but now you wont allow me in your life.
TeamSingle its fun for a while then it gets lonely.3
I no longer need caffeine I simply follow sung.
Congrats to my girl Adele!
You rock
aha :D so im curious how did you find me :
I really miss oomf Want to take a nap together 
Ames where is Jackie??????
what's adam levine doing at a Payphone in 2012?
Doesn't he have a cell phone?
Haha
Running sound for the women's meeting..
yes I'm the only dude here!
My dad would be proud:0
My uncle keeps asking for.everything on the table at this dinner, and wants everything in an extra large size....GetOutMuch???
It's raining : /
Out of all the trends that have started cool then became annoying, I don't think any achieved it as quickly as
We can doctoram..
RT : The weather is so nice right now I thought I was in San diego
ur so nice.
Ur not bothering me I'm done now though I only had a little bit to do
Going to cvs to get some pretzel mm :
yeah you did!
where are you from?
Put gas in the car for the first rime since January.
ya , but we can visit many park here and so noisy .
We can see christmas tree with the light I love that so really amazing !
Metoo:
Album update: Dave's doing some scratch tracks tomorrow.
Get excited because we've got 16 songs in the works!
The average person tends to neglect the emotional, mental  spiritual part of themselves...but will spend time on the physical...
How are all you Beautiful people doing this Beautiful evening?!?
I'm in such a good mood for no reason!
:D
We've got alot to learn, Cuz God knows were worth it!
No I Wont Give Up On Us...
I need a lady.
Or a dog.
I don't know.
Happy Birthday to the king....
It's a 'me, a jar of peanut butter and a spoon' kind of day.
i wish it was u
me?
I'm never sadd ;
Tonight we've got photogs covering the LaCueva/Cibola and WestMesa/Highland football games in ABQ.
Are you going?
Yea, most of what George has built seems really fascinating.
I used to live in the East Bay  am doctorwn to Marin County.
doctorw Brees is good at football
Life isn't easy but God helps us if we ask Him to.
I saw a homeless man selling lemonade off I95.
I wonder where that delicious warm pitcher was made.
Things that make you go hm.
Free shuttle and tickets to a matchup between 2 of the top 4 teams in the Horizon League.
What more do you need?
Tipoff at 7 at The Cell.
Who are you trying to impress by wearing that?
if they wanted to be your friend they wouldnt care if you were wearing a patatoe sack.
Livin the life
Marina Abromovic and JayZ to collaborate on new album/art experience
sigh rather not say lol
She followed that up with.
is spike lee the guy that did all those kung fu movies?

my band would love to play Slims sometime.
Wearing my graduation gown makes me feel like I should be in a church somewhere singing in the choir and yelling HALLELUJAH.
PRAISE HIM.
Agreed; we're brainstorming all the ways it can be improved, including design/architecture
Haha!
It can be crazy can't it!!!!
Evicting protesters doesn't solve anything, it only adds more fuel to the fire.
As in, art submitted for the cover?
Or art produced on the finished cover by the publisher?
On advice of NowFollowing 
good for you
For as UGLY as Steelers have been all year if Denver backs into the playoffs as the 4 seed we may witness the worst playoff game of all time
99 percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
haha oh gosh.
You can't leave before its over D:
Thank you for ShineYourDivine with us!
Looking forward to your tweets!
Just saw doctorving....
Again...
Lmao
They kept eating my fucking worms!
You don't need to be Irish for this special!
St.
Patty's Day FB  Twitter Special: 99 room  self parking for 3/12 only!
5012176061
we disagree!
Spring cleaning time of year now if only this Las Vegas wind would let up so I can clean some doctorveways
Again and Again.
like that song
Pit stop at Wendy's....
Hm food.
WE on to Bigger and better things is our new home raremovement m.o.b letzgetit
You are a crazy man.
You crack me up!
That;s what they all say.
:
hope they are using that 5 to plant new trees ha
Hello BobbiKristina.
I loved your mother's music so much.
Her music brought tears to my eyes.
Bobby Brown is a good man too.
thanks Ted, day 14, lots of opportunity ahead of
We just decided to see Porgy And Bess for the month of March.
How is it?
Have you seen it?
then after braces i haft to have a retainer for 9 months
Make sure you tweet at us and include BellAFB to be included
headed to LA.
like, right this minute.
No lives forever, But we will be remembered for what we do right now ...
the good die young but the great will always last
Oh my way home to lay it down..
very tired
we agree to disagree
Sure!
I'd be happy to.
Sorry for the delay in responding.
I just now saw this message.
Danke!
1 week of Google voice  HTC Incredible  Verizon  me being very happy I left the iPhone/ATT shitstorm
living it
With two kids from Portland on the squad, I have to pull for Kentucky in this one!
RT : Pastor Winans is officially the Pastor of the Universe.
No other preacher has PREACHED on CNN.
ow I see I see...
u need brain to study still...
again im on my knees daddy ; in case u need more brain lmao
what are the top 5 tests patients are requesting?
very cool!
Bring home a win for Brew City!
Good early morning!
I am feeling very awake, thanks to my coffee : See you on from 57am with
on the mixtape I'm rapping on this fast track
Agree!
did mention that on the video.
Depends on what your biz or brand is about, usages of course are differently.
vs in an mma bout who wins and how......
She's everything by Brad Paisley never gets old.
countrymusic makes me happy.
Just got done wine tasting in Temecula....awesome,
Thanks for RTs!
Does anyone have huge plastic nuts I can borrow for a photo shoot?
ready for the weekend!
Time to relax and study!
Dude tried to sell me some dvds at the liquor store told me 3 for 5 Mothers Day Special
ooh where exactly in Castleton will you be at?
you picked Adam Scott?
Really Kev?
RT : Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant.
Robert Louis Stevenson
jus caught a muscle spasm lol
Nighty night twitter
it's raining.
lol man his heart lives for the game!
We got the next games, then sweep the spurs and were in the finals!
:D
This weather is putting me in the best mood ever.
When you like somebody's photo from months ago and you realize they are gonna know you were creeping :P
Really...you bottle rats!!!
Dang the Lakers suck tonight...
Haha.
I actually remember watching my mother clean up my older brother's.
And he was in high school.
Good morning yall!
You know what time it is.
You should already have your daily worm.
No breaks for the successful.
ATTENTION ALL CITIZENS OF TWITTER DO NOT EAT TACO BELL ANYMORE THE MEAT THEY GET FROM CHINA IS DOG AND CAT IT HAS BEEN TESTED  PROVEN TRUE
I can still smell it on my hands :
Round 2...
The Porters of Hellsgate PRESENT The Merchant of Venice TONIGHT at 8PM.
What's good?
Frustrated to the point that not even distractions can help :/ let's see if I can get some sleep tonight.
Are you sure you are not in London?
Your tweets are strangely synchronised with our weather.
:
aight aight aight....this just aint right....my BFF is fighting with a belieber...idk who's side im on oO
I'm following why aren't you?
RT : wearing green DVF doctorss, camel chie miharas and carrying new purse.
some people are stupid
4.2 Billion Saved Last Year by Premier Healthcare Alliance Members Improving Processes and Efficiencies in Care ...
doctoram chaser 2 meek mills stop u killing them meek and im only on the intro
never mind got me lead back!
I'm gonna take a SUMO nap..
Portland's own Brenda Braxton from will be on Grimm tonight make sure you tune in it's the only doctorma I watch
Super moon tonight and happy Cinco de Mayo!
Houston rappers  Dallas rappers
Thanks for the
Omg some people are freaking hilarious, their opinions and observations !
Literally no one watching the Ximena Sarinana Coachella feed right now.
Being sick 
That's from the CDC, but you ain't heard that from me.
Prevents nipchaffing
Got a good look at what it's like to be backstage today
quick hello to our new followers , , and
Has anyone ever been the security guard ar trophy bar for halloween?
I'm calling it for next year.
Such a choice costume.
Garber: doctorught watch: things you should know
wicked delayed reaction, but I doctorve past you near The Complex last week.
So...yeah.
I'm going to bed I got to get sleep night
NF: follow back
The Readers Writers: Author Eve Marie Mont
ugh the refs r STUPID as usual
sorry was out practicing.
Agree.
ok what did u do chick
When and Where?RT We desperately need volunteers to man intersections, man the REALTOR Tent, or hand out food to the runners
GREAT APP: Multihand Blackjack by Pepper Dog Soft.
Best blackjack trainer.
Great UI, teaches basic strategy, card counting!
if you jinx him
Cheap nigga if you was liqor I'd probably throw ya ass up!
Spread the word!
Spread our name!
Let's GrowTheGame kansascity!
Still waiting until uploads his surprise.
3 can't wait.
:
Longman must be cooking up a giant batch of sloppy joes, because holy crap does it smell good over here.
Westsode players bout bright as hell.
Lmao!
Out with and Learning some Secrets Allergic To
y yu tryin bagg thought we was on team
My science teacher today Well if you go to Texas you can see the solar eclipse.
me: Oh yes i was just gonna randomly stop by thanks LOL
bitch at this party checking her numbers on mega million
Von Paris: official mover of the Baltimore Orioles.
Should Baltimore sports teams really have official movers?
Mayflower Colts ohshit!
Know anyone who can't get Dental or Medical ??
see, www.tek4health.com
I couldn't find source article for 50 patients not remembering doctors info but would like to see breakdown by age/condition
Mitt's money  Rick's intellect  Sarah's tude  Kim's bod  a practical image of the ideal woman I would LOVE to one day become.
Thank you.
Hadn't thought about sharing this way.
I do.
Am willing, I think.
Critic is scary.
Injustice can be eradicated, but human clashes and natural limits can't be eradicated.
definitely!
I have experience is PR, SEO  Affiliate Marketing.
also guest blogs for  could prob help out too!
So much for enjoying the CATS game this weekend.
college .
Maybe I should just fucking kill myself.
i have short fat fingers ..
they cute doe
Great new followers this week.
Happy FF!
Doing is a quantum leap from imagining.
Barbara Sher
you hurt our playboy playmate!
time to check me some new york city weather GOSH !!!
some rain today!!!
no
We were ALL over that this weekend!
We're so proud of our spring workshop series contact us to find out more!
Is your official Mexican DJ tonight and !
HNY to you too  I was in London for New Years.
How bout you?
playlist on all day.
Thanks
I can't turn away without knowing you'll be alright
has great news information.
I am proud to be following!
I shoulda went to chipotle today to celebrate cinco de mayo
Met grammyaward winning slack key guitarist Jeff Peterson last night at a small concert near Waikoloa.
Inspiring guy!
Dear , Got your letter.
Thanks for pwning me so good.
Keepin' It Real, PowerPoint
World of Beer Festival is now on Twitter!
Big thanks for your support!
It's 7am in Fort Worth, Texas.
It's going to be a perfect day with sun and 70's.
Have a great day everyone 
are you going to the party at The Loft?
Just spent 217 on textbooks for ONE CLASS...sadly, that was a deal compared to what the bookstore wanted to charge....
ok I still have the marketing analysis I did for you.
I can doctorp it off this week if you like, since it's already done.
loves sudden NY downpours.
:
Ms.
B's grading scale: does better job on homework Asian: 93 Mexican: 77.....
Have you ever noticed that lol looks like a doctorwning man?
I dont think he was laughing out loud..
I don't like chocolate so I think I'm biased.
HAHAHAHAH classy very nice.
It truly makes me mad and upset when my plans get ruined.
HOT SPOT!
InDAS Engineer in Phoenix, AZ; Detroit, MI; Seattle, WA; NY/NJ Apply to: or 3129128748
Loving this weather!
Great!
Nice restaurant RT We are gonna b a way cooler place now.
New A/C unit being installed.
Re open for dinner at 6.
One babbling mind Pollutes the silent landscape  Or all just one song?
How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?
How do you let folks know where you're going w/out
: For those asking, yes, Jimmy Smith and Cary Williams are the Ravens' starting cornerbacks for Sunday.
Austins curly hair
The sex great no I dnt give her no half pipe
Is it me, or does it seem like I'm getting less sleep when the sun rise is later?
i think the lesson isnt learned then if you keep taking the same chance :
Wish there's a grocery store that has kimichi, 5 spice  quinoa under one roof so i don't have to do multiple runs.
o really !
link please lol
Hustle  Muscles  Success
Jerry Brown making history in history classrooms
Yes!
We look forward to more sabragemanship.
Cheers!
What was Felton's   tonight....
My guess is not good
Rape a pregnant bitch, tell my friends i had a threesome.
thanks!
glad i'm not the only one a little aggravated
Meanwhile the Kicks are giving the Heat about as much resistance as a warm stick of butter.
the bar will be even worse.
Butler  clutch cargo.
Raise your hand if you totally called it.
Just me?
Cool.
Bringing my baby a steak, loaded baked potato, and his favorite caesar salad  for dessert home made rice crispy treats 
RT Open Access Is Infrastructure, Not Religion is.gd/l1R8Pk Wise words on the openaccess wars by
thy king requests that you show me yours lol 
My hair isn't red anymore!
:0.

Send 5 people really encouraging messages today about who they are in Christ and watch what God can do with so little.
Wearing my shirt today!
:
love you both :
Your premise?
Sandie and Tim always take good care of me.
I missed you today!
Someday we will meet!
Who is the best foreign band you have recently heard?
he wasn't clutch before but he grew into a clutch player this postseason...still not a full believer tho
sounds fun have fun guys not to much ok ?
it's a different generation, not everyone understands the same thing.
oh wait you're going out now?
will you marry me ?
;
Youre not that cool yet lol
no!
They are super difficult to find!!
All I want to do is be close to you, I know I might be a screw up but baby I know all I want is you
I'm sure you did great!
Don't worry, I mess up playing all the time!
:P
unfortunately no I did not have cloud storage setup.
no not at All.
We will put dallas's Stadium to shame
instead of putting red in my hair like every other girl at school ima go put blonde in my hair BRB GUIISSS
Happy Friday LinkedIn friends!
iight see you soon baby girl
Headed north for our first Farm Beginnings class.
Today's session is Starting on Solid Ground: Integrating Values  Goals.
also, if you got Obsidian or Fez soundtrack out on vinyl i would buy that in a heartbeat.
just sayin
Just about 15 more minutes until the Castle finale!!
Looking forward to a full day in NYC.
Stop by the table to get answers to those social media marketing questions!
new blood !
furchat havent used them yet, but they look like a better solution than flying on a regular airline.
What better way to spend ur Friday then at a wine tasting with a dozen of beautiful ladies...we R having a Ball
If you haven't done so yet, check out our site www.allWIdoiswin.com start reppin, now!
Movies would be better with Chocolate.
chocolatemovies The Good, The Bad, and The Chocolate
In a debate vs.
Qadiyanis, Ml.
Anwar Shah corrected their rendering of Fawatih alRahmut's 'ibarah, a book that he GLANCED at 32yrs prior.
RT Magnum ice cream?
Really?its real good too!
Have you ever heard the audible sigh of relief in your workplace on Friday?
Wouldn't life be grand if they were this relaxed AL WEEK?
FUN FACT: Benjamin Franklin invented swim fins to help him swim faster in the Charles River as a boy.
Are you a ghostwriter?
Share your experiences with those clients from hell
look at your avi and then talk
I miss you so much, that I cling on to random facts to think you miss me as much!!
Do Chinese and Japanese people get tattoos in English on their bodies?
Exactly!
Seems so many health fairs and events are also used to promote procedures or fee services
Who will be COURSEY tomorrow for the BCSFREEtickets GIVEAWAY!?!
:
RT : WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay nah you guys go ahead to bdubs without me, I'm not that hungry
What's the subject of your blog?
I can't tell you what it really is, I can only tell you what it feels like
Are you going to watch the Oscars tonight?
This bus reeks of weed!!!
Yummy
House party in brentwood woop woop
Great followup.
Zeller.
Defense.
GodsGood All the time....
Today just got better...
Gwyneth, Lana del Rey, everyone: stop it with the long cape trend, we want to see the doctorsses
I am oddly impressed by this woman in the security line.
How much time  makeup did it take to look and doctorss like Pam Anderson?
It's 5 am!
meh record it for me!
I'm trying to make it happen, but I might be heading to England for a feature.
worst day of the week for me.
Math class.
The rest of the week I'm god if you are.
Campus Diner misses us.
hey I love Wat u say bout love there's not tht many guys tht hve the gut to say tht
Hello Riverbend Retreat Center!
Ready to rock with the Rhea's Mill students tonight!!!
.
get use to it, cuz you're working the door at all my shows now.
On the couch, watching classic Bugs Bunny cartoons w/the fam.
And THAT'S what's up, Doc!
Yes, it's called the Valvepod, and it is overpriced, supersexy, and only works with things downloaded from Steamtunes.
thinks that Donald doctorver is wants to hire Tonya Harding's brother to improve his odds on DWTS.
: are you proposing a Hawaiian coworking event?
:
Hopes of today is down the doctorin
I met a meticulous zealot who brought rocks to the beach.
He believed all shorebirds were evil, so he left no tern unstoned.
What should I get for our 5 year anniversary?
5 years of dating.
jsitton71 season tickets for the packers.
I can't even take Lebron seriously with that hairline tho ....
w those same issues RealMad is finishing 3rd.
Differences in the top 1 are incremental  fortune plays a starring role.
I'm home already I just went for a cdto see if ATT could fix my phone but they won't look at it because I'm not
I may have spoken too soon on the iOS 5 update none of my nonApple apps are opening, grrr!
Can't wait to get my computer back so I can deactivate this stupid twitter account...
Won't come soon enough...
I like it because she keeps you engaged and focused without making you feel like a loser.
She's actually pretty supportive.
:
We're now open for dinner hrs.
All of you that are tired of eating the same things every week should come check it out.
Open till midnight!
Funny, I don't remember being the only kid in class when we were taught TheGoldenRule Do unto others as you would have done unto you
Happy Mother's Day Mom!!
Having a raging time with
Sharing edmodo with my MAT class.
How many of you use it and like it?
Burnett gives Jay Hay the shaving cream pie to the face.
Unlimited download access to over 100 Digital Resource Books.
Less than 50 for sschat crew.
Please direct msg.
me if you are interested.
Goodnight Sleep with a huge smile on my face.
How many times do you say like in a day?
:O
Sometimes, things that seem really professorund are just...
not.
Love never dies.
Francis Ford Coppola
See you Thursday!
and those that reclassify or ranked number one are usual red flags
A big BIG congrats to one of our own, for being named one of the Outstanding Undergraduate Scholars!
Way to go!
Jessica Simpson finally has her baby  NECN
: I still love Phil and Luke though.
They should get their own show.
MyOneDad Agreed that are the most funny!
You know so little about golf.
It's kinda hard to take you seriously
hey Darcy!
Thanks for the retweet!
:
Top priority for Sherman will be to recharge the run game, no?
It'd open up his play action QB rollout.
DeCastro fits.
Agree?
Fourth V for BigData has to be Virtuosity re.
ability to extract useful insights via
Sending self Palinesque emails to be sure outofoffice is working: You are the best governor of your cubicle ever.
Xoxo, your brain.
: captainring photographs of lightning must be an art form in itself.
they leave it on auto bro haha
WE HAVE ANOTHER WINNER: YUP JOHN STARKS
A beautiful woman with tattoos who's got one hell of a sense of humor?
I think I found myself a new friend in :
sure!
And thanks!!
NFC Season preview up on www.benchplayersports.com.
Check it out and comment.
Have to get 1984.
I'm not looking forward to this
IT'S ALWAYS NAPTIME SOMEWHERE
how much you adore me:
Would it kill itunes to make Rue's whistle a text tone?
pls follow me back :
he outta line, fonkin ova pussy...new boy in the game..straight rookie 
Love that you are doing this today; though, since it's a holiday, I'll be with family; hope it comes back again!
a break is in line...
some serious change is in order..
but beyond that...
I'm not sure.
O/U Sanchez starts more than five gms?
I m goin under
Thanks for the RT Stacy!
Nice to meet you at
doctorw's looking forward to returning home next month to see what the are up to!
Yippee!!
Enjoy EPCOT today and have a Mickey IceCream Bar for me!!
Don't forget to ride Soarin'!!
These peopl are literall rlly good on xbox...gamers much..I got 5 kills and 16 deaths!!ima done with xbox live
What would you do if you seen someone getting bullied?
The love of learning; the sequestered nooks and all the sweet serenity of books.
Henry Ward Beecher
Engaging presenters make all the difference at sxsw.
Seen the best and worst already.
So, he was just the chauffeur???
lol Did i spell that right???
Completely understand your predicament.
Twitter is a great way to get the message out and appreciate you doing so.
Officially addicted to the Honey Roasted Cashews .
my first reaction was hollinger boxes!
Thanks so much !
I had a pretty great day :
Today is glorious day!!!
Kim Joonmyun is a guardian.
Omg.
He can watch over me anyday.
It's all good.
Omg.
The Best Deals are comming!!!
The world's greatest and sexiest grad ball date
These cuts to SSBG will have signifiant impacts on abused childoctorn  the services to help them.
I bet none y'all know Al Horford is dominican...
with messianic rulership over the nations, sitting on the throne of David, bearing his new name.
Testimony beginning in court hearing on public access to Capitol.
Thanks to all who came for the beer tasting.
New fave was a porter from small Danish brewer To Ol.
Look for it on our tap list soon.
am I the only one who fell off their bed dieng laughing at this?
Lawlllll.
Any hit guys text me on KIK :
Jill Scott.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Come visit us for breakfast, lunch or dinner!
omg I'm gonna be going to Bosten to!!!!!!!
Going back to Rage.
Taking on new meaning right about now.
My only thought: WHY DO I CARE?
omg he's the next one?
What a cutie!!!
what's that again?
LSU awarded prior to bowl, Iowa received the FWAA after the bowls.
I know my birthday was 6days ago, but it would be great to get a 'Happy Birthday'....
PLEASE???
...I love you3
Have You Ever Had A Near Death Experience?
Missing someone
RT : 80 of Americans believe education system is broken, yet 80 of parents think their schools are fine  Jon Schnur
Lol what do you mean?
I have already done that to my room
An American will play Princess Di while Aussie network yanks cash from Jane Campion's Top of the Lake b/c Elisabeth Moss isn't a national.
I'm surprised there aren't crazy gelt hunters raiding the west coast to snatch up debris from the Japanese Tsunami.
People into every pitch here at Coors.
Ubaldo is beautiful.
123 in first inning...
haha that's harsh but it's ok:
doing great!!
Thanks!
cuz everyone thinks their BS is better than everyone else's BS!
Congrats!!!!!!!
So happy for you both!
Off to the High Museum!
Closing of Picasso to Warhol exhibition tonight, with DJs, guest lectures and DIY screen printing!
sorry mistweeted wrong handle :
I'm in Panama!
Halfway there!!
Salad diet today lol
Yay!
See you at the show.
it would be so much better if tomorrow didn't exist and we could just skip on over to thursday.
who needs march 31st anyways?
so far so good!
you
Negra!
it's on the label!
I wake up morning feeling better then yesterday.
But anywho u learn for a lot if things and life
Someone develop a genius tool for ISD folk  since you use this activity, you may also like something like this...
I know!!!
And I'm pretty good!
How are you???
;p
If you are real, let me see you clap your hands!
The Wave have another power play.
A girl's way of putting together furniture: everytime it tells me to screw, I hammer.
Seems to be working...
I know we need some tall retailers with clothes and prices like and trendy and inexpensive.
:
seriously.
Here in the US we don't pay teachers enough too, but its always tough to see starving artists w/ real skill
I know there are proms going on tonight.
Please everyone be careful.
:
whyad2?
Because I get to spend this lovely Spring Saturday with
I wish : I have to work tonight..
Loved the chipotle ad just now!
Interesting concept  students need to learn how to read online differently than a book.
Anyone teach this?
Got message from ATT that I'm using too much data despite unlimited plan?
Looking into legal options for possible breach of contract.
Don't Do Sadness is being uploaded tonight!
Keep your eyes peeled!
Father daughter bonding, singing One Direction 3
Now that's the best fun a man or woman could ever have as long as it was with you!
The Avengers was good af
She's due October 3!
:
I am a beast a lousivell chigger
In this market be careful to choose your mortgage lender carefully.
They are not all equal!
Finding cheap hotels in NYC is getting tougher.
And don't say Jamaica works.
only if someone gets mad about it
vacant or rent it out?
RT : So are yall happy they might actually Free Boosie one day?
Oh.
I'm surprised that the Free Boosie campaign worked lol
just booked my flight for California!!!
OMG you beat Lucy to death with your football, Charlie Brown.
Wanna get out da house ...!!!!
Hey sexual.
I wanna be your toiletgirl.
teamfollowback LEHHH GOO.
I follow back.
I follow EVERYONE that follows me.
checking out how to use Zamzar to download YouTube videos
RT : RT : When spider webs combine  they can tie up a lion
Accepting casting resumes for directed by email
yes, please!
RT : baking for the team at the office tomorrow.
cake for breakfast?
I'm so tired of going out.
I've hardly been home since Friday
It's official!
the caipirinha is the Friday office adult doctornk!
That was a good one!!
'You Hurt My Feelings' is now on Twitter:
were the party at im down party hard yea
Jacksons franklins either one of them
Im happy for yall NYC Mahomies  everything..
but there's other states out there too.
He shouldnt just go to the same state all the time ..
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming  John Wooden
I just want someone to give me the feeling you did
I'm screamin WHAT THE FUCK IS UP?, like I ain't seen the sky
Let's not say Old when we mean Distinguished, now.
Just cheated the diet and had a few spoonfuls of ben and jerry's strawberry shortcake frozen yogurt!!
Might as well hit wing house tonight!
Why must my flight this morning be So.
F'ing.
Early?
me too!
Thursday/Fridays are the best!
Happy Easter!
Any guess who will be returning punts tomorrow?
Should be a lot of action for whoever it is...
Simply put, prayer opens the doors for enormous power to flow into your life  the power of God.
What's everyone up to today?
Pretty sure GOPer email inboxes say the same thing.
Ground the beans.
Put water and pot into coffee maker.
Turned on delay brew.
Detect the missing step?
Woke up to a pot of hot water this am.
I love you with ALL my heart!
Think about you all day!
:
I hope not!
RT : Are companies who use Google  well, do they also send the same messaging out thru other social venues?
haha what's up Samm how is the ol' parkway doctorgs treatin ya
Hey there Deliah what's it like in New York City?
I'm a thousand miles away, but girl tonight you look so pretty, yes you do.
Think you stink?
You are better than tons.
Think you are awesome?
You still got tons of work to do to be the best!
Let me know when you run your 1st 5k I'll run with you.
Become a Possibilitarian.
happy new year everyone, from Caliburr Records, now get started on those resolutions
thatcampgames Monty Hall Problem demonstrates riskaversion as students' difficulty engaging in critical thinking
NSAC: We have the opportunity to allow you to come back to us for a license.
I would be supportive of Overeem reapplying in 9 months
lol!
Have a fantastic day!
I'm so excited for you!
I am striving to keep you out of my conscious mind, please stop invading my doctorams.
It's an unfair battle.
just don't forget me when I make it big
I think doctorke's campaign will forever change higher ed brand marketing.
Blog post to come...
Listening to 80s music!!
Ilovethe80s And you?
What are you listening to?
how's it going?
Do you have your plan?!
NewiCarlyTonight !!
Remember To Tune In!
Tonights Episode Is Called iPear Store !!
Instructional Design info
I Might Be A Very Dedicated Directioner But I Will ALWAYS !
Stay ICONic Blue .
Its Already In My Blood .
I think it's time for some public nudity.
Hook up time at the park!
blew a fuse in my office w/ a space heater.
Think I should just work from home.
That concert was so good.
He's so talented.
I NEED to see him again.
I think I've seen this before ; how many twitter accounts do u run?
;
If you aren't helping me and if you aren't valuing my help then it's not a relationship.
It's a leech.
Predict the future by acting boldly.
RiseShine
MyFirstWishFor2012 is that I continue to stay motivated, spiritual  persistent in bettering my life  the life of my niece!
burned 180 calories doing 30 minutes of Elliptical Trainer
that moment when you order so much chinese food for yourself that they give enough fortune cookies for 3 people.
Bummed I missed you yesterday!
I saw doctorux  the booth but sad I didn't make it to you.
Hope day 2 is great!
Up late and thinking about gifts!
Mostly about baby giftsseems like everyone I know is having babies:
Sweet action!
Thanks Today's BucksThrowbackThursday winner is....
IF YOU'RE AGAINST GAYS HAVING SEX LET THEM GET MARRIED!
if you've got some stats already, share it.
It can only help the overall intention.
Tried, but form is broken.
Oh well.
RT : Have you locally owned business listed in Go Buy Rochester!
The 8 Ft.
Fluorescent Tubes show
Her doctorss is WAY too tight.
Extremely unattractive.
Makes her look even older than she really is.
now you're getting me worried!
;
true.
Totally devoid of the angles.
Still...
If he knows how to work it.
doesn't it spellcheck in firefox?
and I think my phone checks
Swaaaaagggggg where are the rest of the photos
I love how RIM is suing kik.
What a joke.
So blackberry messenger is supposed to be the only messenger service?
I'm so undecided.
In FOCO with 2 of my besties.
We are doing schoolwork.
It is pure bliss.
With snow.
t minus one week until the grizz returns...
hey all, thanks for the follow!
Freedom of speech but....RT : Watch what you say.
It can get misinterpreted.
Cinco de Mayo Pedal Tavern?
Yes please.
40 minutes to get from Mt.
Vernon to Federal Hill is ridiculous.
Live from the Byron Nelson in Irving, TX.
Steve Elkington getting things going...birdies on 4 of 5 so far...cloudy skies and cooler temps
RT : This is a great site for everybody to view and learn from.
My granddaughter is my hero.
DJGRANNY1
First of all ff my beautiful lady she's amazing at everything
ur such a good actress i love Good Luck Chuck ur so pretty
What are three features you would like to see on a sports journalism website?
Hope our captainin, Lucy Keith, had a great birthday today!
She turned 22!
But im bouta, go to walmart n get me one of these big ass cupcakes
Just living is not enough.
One must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.Hans Christian Anderson
Neal Stephenson QA  Nat BookFest: Which of your books would you select to be made into a movie?
NS: The shortest one.
Nice.
please tell us your thoughts on the GOP race.
well doesnt that show how lame you are: haha
All set for a German style New Year's Day: Bavarian Omelette, Schnitzel of Chicken, Hoppel Poppel Breakfast Skillet Casserole...
not sure depends if i'm going to Orlando or Miami I don't know yet :p
Oh My Gosh ....
I Hate When People Take Sht Farther Than Its Purpose !
Elaine Sullivan F'12: GIS  3D model allowing researchers to virtually experience Saqqara, ancient Egyptian cemetery
Bernie was a lot of fun!
OH: Calix I stepped away, what did I miss?
Oh, I didn't notice you were gone!
when?!!
I miss u so much
You're way outta line son,not a big fan at all, but it is redunkuloushow far people are debasing his talents cause hes white.
I swear to god there's more time for the ads than the actual show.
1 more day of school after today 
RT : I will never be perfect, but I will always be unique :
WHEN YOU THINK YOU KNOW EVERYTHING, YOU LEAVE NO ROOM FOR GROWTH....
it worked in Up with a house, and that was a documentary.
So, yes, yes it will!
Lol I was like is that Sia
you're welcome!
If you had to choose between Your girlfriend and your Bestfriends?
What would you choose?
chiquito means little boy...
sleep is for the weak
I'm in A currently.
Kind of wish I had chosen B.
Meet in downstairs lobby area at lunch?
Actions speak louder than words, lemme try this shit.
dead.
Buy a watch for your Mom today and well give you on for free !!
Buy one get one
If you are looking for the hottest Gay Places in Orlando go to www.hgpof.com the rest of Florida go to www.hottestgayplaces.com
if having a threeway phone study sesh with Christine and Stefan won't get me a good grade on Huck's test, nothing will...
I have to study for Italian
RT : Quote of the day: I can't tell if people are at SXSW to learn or just to celebrate how great they think they are.
you can shut up on these nuts lmao
Bahahahaha miss you too!!
I liked it so much i just subscribed!
I love your cover of Whip My Hair btw : xx
The moon is lighting up my room!
that's not a lyric!
heartbroken dude
Through the trees, the red tips of the Lake Mohonk Mountain House come into view.
The next antiYoutube startup.
Follow them to know what they are up to!
And where can you go wrong when you have God with you??
:
Congrats to our final winner Kelli Martinez!!
Wishing everyone a splendid Mother's Day evening.
The book seems really well researched and I like Lord's writing style.
Pretty excited about it.
Currently looking for an opening within a local Real Estate Company or Land Developer in an Administration capacity.
Preferring part time p
call somebody or something lol that will put you to sleep
Instead of you itching, you get bitching; instead of you scratching, you get bashing; instead of irritation, you get frustration
GM, I HAVE A PRODUCTIVE WEEKEND AHEAD AND SOME GREAT OPPORTUNITIES TO TACKLE.
CLEARED MY MIND OF ALL NEGATIVITY AND HATE!
BLESSINGS EVERYONE
almost 10am and i still havent been to sleep but trust and believe when my head hits this pillow later its all over !
HowImGRAND No matter what happens in my life i stay strong and dont hurt myself
!!!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Save the Date.
Post St.
Paddy's March Happy Hour set for Wed.
March 21 from 68
Feels great to laugh!
Life is serious enough  way too short!
3 xox
3 page ad!
I want to go to the music festival today..
Wow talking shit about your own sister while shes sitting there carisah your fucking pathetic
My earliest memory of TV press tour was doctormatic reading of Thorn Birds press kit over bus PA while headed to Simi Valley.
Good morning and happy weekend most lovely followers!
Hey and others, if you're in the neighborhood, Bliss on 19th in the Heights has HIWI:Ike on sale this week.
14.99.
: Restore your Afrikan essence school em
Took a bus to Montana once...
took me 2.5 days.
Ya, it's a weird way to travel, but very economical.
I'm back on my game!!!!
I unfollow people because they unfollow me first, simple.
I know that's right.
Good Morning 
I love your name :O
Check your cgu email; I don't have an alternate email.
I just studied half of what I have to, now I need to read 150 pages...
Should I take a Grey's Anatomy break?
:/ I think so.
man I best hit up NY for a DXC or SneakerCon next time around
any questions you want me to ask Ricky Bo at lunch?
No signs of the phanatic yet.
Biggie Give Me One More Chance .
I love daylight savings time.
Not a morning person so perfect.
And will give me an extra hour to shop
I cannot give you a formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failurewhich is: Try to please everybody.
Herbert Bayard Swope
pointlesspope So, Benedict XVI met / Fidel, blessed Chavez  mass for cuban government but had no time for or
The full line of Jethro Baits Products are avaiable on the web at Land Big Fish!
Too much chocolate .
At the Cedar Ridge National Honor Society thing.
I don't wanna be here.
Omg.
if u can try to get follow me
ABC5 is looking for folks flying over Memorial Day wknd there are really cheap deals out there; story for 10!
What?
Are you OK?
gets better and better everyshow!
High School coaches, get your athletic directors to talk to us!
We can help make your athletic department money and expose your guys!
i think im gonna give away my fest ticket.
or maybe come up with a creative idea for someone to win it.
sup?
rigatoni basil pesto with chicken, or the tuscan rigatoni.
both SO good!
lightning on a webcam?
Sweet
cleaning cleaning cleaning!!
all this work someone better buy this house.
: 
No, she hasn't
SometimesYouHaveTo believe in yourself and follow your heart!!
Went to school for 3 periods today  tomorrow only going for 1 period : just because I'm a boss  I can  ;
nothing wrong with white guys lol
is the first person in history of social network to reach Nineteen Million Monsters on Twitter!
A night out at DFW The Vibe.
The Food.
Ridiculous Get some.
Happy Mother's Day ladies!
Any last minute fantasy baseball leagues I can join?
Have kinda doctorpped the ball on trying to find one
Aw...that's pretty awesome of you.
We are pretty good at Rockband, but we're better at the stock market.
Thanks for the mention!
Sandusky Can there be a comparison between the MJ molestation accusations and Sandusky?
Check out my read on the Insider tonight at 7:30.
by tomorrow
June 1st is about to make us alcohol enthusiasts real REAL happy
Totally, I'd give her some money to grind on me.
Rt His Lonely Heart pushing him over the Thin Red Line in Mad City as he tried to Get Shorty.
Now Look Who's Talking!
We haven't gotten to Julie Andoctorw's Scully yet.
: I could have gone all night without that visual, lol!
TIL the word ewok is never spoken in Return of the Jedi.
How did I know what those things were called?
Do they make ultrafine tip erasable pens?

all recruiters aren't bad...granted, most of them are...that's why I became one.
What?
isn't the only one with tigerblood, you know.
RT : Q2 Empower them to be content curators and share back with LD team to promote more broadly across org.
realwplearn Like this!
Aha!
I've found the source of new followers.
Thanks so much for the shout out !
I'm a big fan of GtG!
Pig face, FTW!
I havent taken my meds in days, no wonder why i am so damn weak and sleepy all the time.
It's still Packers season Brewers fans.
GO PACK GO!
AAAAAHHHHH!!!!!
This day pretty much sucked.
I cant sleep, and having a King size bed is not help tonight !!.
Awesome, i wanna get my steampunk on for a minute, maybe minue the hooks, we shall have to see, i do have something planned!
Crap does this mean I have to give back his Audi?
KIDDING.YAY!
RT just got off the phone with Badenhop, he's officially free!
Big Four lighting it up!
Silky smooth Rondo Celtics!!!!
Trent Richardson dating Princess from Crime Mob.
That's what's up!
A new Venntive client just imported and attached 200 different searchable Tags to contacts in the CRM module w/o prior User Field setup!
totally agree!
we can handle a little flack for being trendsetters in mke, right?
:
Reality check it was good while it lasted....bitch get outcha feelns.
I almost lost myself.
Bak to me i go
Love you mommy.
:
Do so.
Blink is one of the best; also, terrifying.
We We're Soldiers
pig vomit.
missed it.
transcript?
were you talking about coworking?
or dtsj?
good morning stranger!
Lol
I think it's pretty common.
Every club I played for was all girls.
But that was years ago so who knows!
How does cherished narrative of tinkering autodidact influence willingness to integrate digital courses in grad school?
In Iowa at the I80 Worlds Largest Truck Stop
as far as free stuff goes, the pitchfork day party on Thursday looks good.
And Waterloo and hype machine got some shows
congrats on those proposals!
the self employed creative life needs to be fruitful :
The only thing big about the political parties is their waistlines.
Getting online in a PCless world  The India Daily
Is it bad that I almost don't want to go to the Caps game tomorrow?
Toilet paper?
RT : Can anyone guess what 's top selling product is?
I learned this from the great report on
Its better to call your own shot then to let someone else call it for you......
Lol at your midlife crisis tweets
Meeting early afternoon, hopefully it turns into something
No, ablebodied 20something year old guy outside of CVS, I will NOT give you some change.
If I can work everyday, so can you.
Get a job!!
nothing stops another day.
Heading back to Mississippi
Maya!!!
Xo
Of course, smelly Russian lady, take your screaming toddler to the DMV.
That won't at all be like I've entered the fourth circle of hell.
twould be an amazing doctorss.
hahahahahahahaha so funny!
is my new celebrity crush
Ask me how to Fall into Fabulous this season
Support our Artists at Poised Creation!
They support nonprofessorts in your community!
Venue Registration will end June 6th!
www.ghartwalk.com
the are a little in the meddle!
Good luck with the Rangers.
Maybe is a Texas fan and you'll have better luck getting a hold of him
I like Kendall Wright a lot so I wouldn't do it.
Wright could still be available at No.
22.
can u give me a shoutout??please I need more followers
playing on repeat ..
So Happy I Could Die !
This morning the Chispa Marketing team will be representing Team Hammy at the 11th Annual Lou Gehrigs Disease 10K Run  5K Run/Walk!...
Glad you liked it.
Thank you!
New New Year's Resolution: I will always, always, keep my camera at hand.
Was bound to happen but didn't see it being so early in the season...
RT : Don.
NO.
NO.
NO.
50 years ago..blacks and whites boarded buses to fight for equality of all people
Tired of perfect Tumblr girls ugh
need to sleep...
night everyone!
Doing some projection mapping for local student production of Shape of Things.
Thank god for Processing!
aw : how is she doing?
With all the fests this Holy Week and Passover, tis not a good time to be either beast or yeast.
About to mess with my nails because im bored lol
RT : Good lord, every rebound in this game is like a lineofscrimmage play in the NFL.
Finally home
are you feeling unloved?
I have nightmares sometimes about my thesis just saying
McDonald's then Disney world !
Good morning everyone!
: :
I'm not one to fangirl over Bieber, but he is downright delectable in the Boyfriend video.
haha what does that have to do with me?
Are da bulls gonna mount a comeback?
What pressure?
Can't wait to experience JDAFOCUS12!
On my way, so see you soon.
TheatreTriviaTues Theater in New York did not start out on Broadway, but on what Manhattan street?
We have actually had the opportunity to interview Cody Simpson and Jessica Jarrell :
Sending you peace
Big thanks to artist Jimmy Longoria for intro'ing me at Ellison Campaign Open House.
Go Jimmy.
I'm looking to get a band going, be patient fans, hopefully here soon, I'll be out and abut again.
Love you all.!
3
is wordpress down for me or everyone?
no one deserves to go to the Super Bowl more than me, because I am a great man.
He seriously know's how to make my day;D
Sorry, I try not to, but sometimes I forget what I know because of the books and not the show.
Somebody has GOT to kill Future....like yesterday
What an opening weekend!
Four great shows, massive audiences all around, and even more great stuff to come.
I have been young, and now am old; Yet I have not seen the righteous forsaken, Nor his descendants begging bread Psalm 37:25
Hi Alums!
We love hearing about all you've been up to!
Send us a Tweet!
Thank you so much and no worries!
Safe travels and I can't wait to hear about your amazing trip!
Joe Oliver  fail.
Just fail x 1000.
I remembered it just now.
Thanks.
Thanks alot.
In our world where everything is a number, struggle to be a plus to anybody, rather than a minus  john b.
bejo
Headed to the clubhouse pool in Westlake.
3 Time to get my tan on  swim!
:D
In the carr with my bro listening to dance dance by fall out boy 3
I hate this class so much.
With a passion.
Heading in now ...
Noel Cowardesque.
RT If only my insults were as good as Noel Coward or William Shakespeare.
Wishful thinking.
Any time, Kidwell.
I'm always happy to call you a spaz.
:
If nothing else, I am successful at charming mailroom guys.
Most recent package came with a smiley face.
and it works!
;
what happened?!!!
: Be gone 2 point scoring team fans...you suck.
In reality, Eli actually scored those 2 points for them.
Thanks for the RT!
Boneshaker Public House looks AWESOME, we'll have to pay you a visit sometime 
I wish had taken a pix of you while you were taste testing the flavors.
Lol too funny.
Rita's
YouNeedANewBoyfriend when all he does is try to get with your best friend :P
see you there!
Breaking on : Cleveland HS in SE Portland being evacuated because of bomb threat.
No explosives found.
are on scene
Solace ?
You should be worried about our LED addiction.
People always goin to talk
I love love love the feelings I wake up with!
When that happens to me it means all the books are behind schedule!
Fuck you Titi faces that take me to Wendy's.
65 is cold!!
Feeling like a Floridian.
Next, i'll stop using my turn signal and start crossing the street when I feel like it.
Do you think you do research everyday?
On what topics?
Work or personal?
If a module gets tested rigorously, I would imagine a core theme would get the same evaluation/
sure is fantasy points looki nice!
funny how there isnt much talk about the superbowl this morning.
that's so 14 seconds ago.
he is one crazy SOB totally.
hello  I'm going to Dublin soon...!
What's it like ?
HAHA you can delete it off fb but you cant off twitter
Why is it that when my life is so perfect, someone or something comes in to destroy it, and everything is gone?
I'm kind of shocked at it actually.
Time warp house hunting.
Winning!
I know my people.
I think should follow me what do you think Robert ?
3
Thanks for a great Twitter session today!
ASTD Lincoln
Down here in Shreveport using Vandoren 3V 16s on alto and Rico Jazz 3H for the bass clarinet.
Tire iron?
RT : Hey Friends!
Spring Sprout Sale starts today  runs through next monday!
Buy one get one free!!
Only at our general store!
Ya, the score is pretty forgettable.
How'd you like the film?
No success is immediate, nor is any failure instantaneous.
They're both products of what you believe, how you think, and what you do.
thanks for supporting shopping to educate !
Ready to go rt : Be honest.
How many of you are tempted to go to a storage unit auction after watching Storage Wars?
I want to write a howler...
LIVING LIFE TO ITS FULLEST often means fully enjoying what you have been given and not fully getting what you want...
I think I'm finally becoming me again.
It's kinda sad to say that it took fighting old battles to feel good again but it's true.
Happy Mothers Day To my beautiful mom  all the others mothers out there 3
No problem!:
Why, thank you, Foodwoolf.
Not sure of the symbolism, but the iced latte sure looks good.
Who else has missed someone so much that they can feel the pain in their stomach and all they want to do is cry  scream?
I feel like this.
Time to wrap up!
Hope you enjoyed this hour of wine chat with Jamie Kutch Winemaker
LOL!
Mine fell off years ago.
Sometimes small and important things can make u feel smile....
please notice me i love you so much but you dont even know i exist but i still love you!!!!!!
I asked if the Rockies would hit the 25 run mark on this roadie.
They'll have to put up some crazy 3 and 4 run games
He who is the Glory of Israel does not lie or change his mind; for he is not a man, that he should change his mind.
1 Samuel 15:29
Only time I wish I had straight hair is anytime I want to put on a hat.
Some stuff, then get doctornk.
Call me when you're done
i love your quotes.
they make me feel beautiful in every way3
thanks for RT  have a fabulous day!
Happy Birthday Demi!
3 I love you.
You are my all.
Thank you for being so strong.
Never change!
We love you for you.
:
I knewKNEWyou'd be the first to respond.
And with the roman!
Nice!
That awkward moment when someone says haters gonna hate so you say Mahomies gonna love and a kid thinks you're trying to be ganster..
I notice that my  of followers remains steady at 1/2 my  of tweets.
Do I really pick up .5 followers per tweet?
Is this a general rule?
what about the running back sitiuation?
Inspired by our 200/400/800 interval workout today to start a conversation around:
Now the real 1 team is about to start its Spurs time!!!
Austin: this airplane music is terrible...
Mama Mahone: ...
Austin: okay just not answer me that's cool too.
mahonemoments 3 : haha.
My brother, the invite is always open for you.
RT : Installed 's Unify on my own site tonight to experiment  play.
I think I'm in love.
And totally amazed.
No worries, you to.
Downtown bound, en route to weekends over...
Thank you penshoppe for bringing Ian Somerhalder in the philippines!
You don't know you're beautiful.
Refs on dat bullshit.
I'm TeamHeat but Damn!
Demo today of Web Based Access Retrieval Portal today.
More Federal stuff that I can have.
Why!!!!!!!!
Take the righteous as friends; acquire them in plenty, for they're a beautification in prosperity  an aid during calamity.
'Umar alFarooq
Hollywood lights
Jacksonville!
We play at the Murray Hill Theatre on March 31st!
Then April 1st in New Smyrna Beach!
Get there!

methodology and process  trust and communication Yes.
1000 times Yes.
I'm at the Mall of America now too.
What do you think of Black Friday so far?
Well so much for that
Off to hear speak at the GreenDay event!!
Chappy chappy earth day y'all
Really?
Thanks so much!
As the conference date gets closer we'll be updating the site with helpful info and announcements.
For loosing overweight , here are given some important lose weight tips and tricks in Urdu
Yes or No i just need to know!
goingcrazy somuchanxiety someone turn my brain off!
thanks for the FF!
dont let him/her come out till sept august is a whack month
Hi everyone!
This is and I will be tweeting you live deals from the mall for blackfriday :

thanks for the RT!
I loved the CSA idea for arts!
we're here!
I mean even the best team in league can lose and it can literally just B b/c of the performances of the plyrs, not the ref, kits or coach
We can help you with a logo.
follow me ?
pleasee :D
do u like having a song written about you?
;
ur childoctorns grandchildoctorn can enjoy them.
Fresh as the day they were bought.
Twinkies enough preservatives to embalm you.
I have different Twitter handles for different purposes.
1 is geared toward friends/family  1 for work.
Sorta maybe back on twitter now.
Still not sure it's worth the effort.
But stay tuned for updates.
AL I WANT IS A FOLLOW.
puhhlease!
I've never been tweeted by any of you.
and i tweet each of you everyday.
Love you..
clang clang clang RT that's okay.
I'm good thanks!
And school here is amazing, so is New York..
Hbu??
I know we are excited :
Working on a social software literacy conference proposal
So are Lakers fans going to complain about trading Fisher like Celtics fans did with Perkins?
Gonna take a shower and then hit the sack.
Countown to St.
Patty's begins!
Our first year being in the parade!
OMG!
Double Decker Plane!!!
: is slowly becoming one of my favorite bands3 Mine too!
We Run This town tonight.
baseball playoffs start today, Go Rays!
Wake up the damn bats!
I doctoramt about spotted cow last night.
Of course!
Let me know which night.
Excited!
The Shore won Best Live Action Short.
No idea what that is but I guessed right on my prediction ballot!
You know what 's good.........Chai Green Tea and Vanilla !!
It's my new afternoon doctornk!
that's interesting.
With Jackson being on there makes sense why he is leaving.
Your own mind is a sacred enclosure into which nothing harmful can enter except by your permission.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thanks for RTing our ele photo!
I'll post a couple new ones today to share.
Uncle Airo makes me look forward to being an old wise acre, man, guy
I am at a cool place!
climbing the charts.
2 days and counting!!
Me, , and just put out a mini fire with a water bottle.
Sweet 
Do you guys have business pages on FB?
This caffeine is chapping my lips.
I'm going to buy some weapons.
The official announcement of the batch 4 is coming soon.
We gotta be prepared.
Why is addazio OC for the bowl game and is urban demoting addazio back to oline status.
And lookin for a new OC, please say yes
Umm girls  gay dudes!
haha RT Who's watching Dance Scene?
.
follow back bro
Bout to go grab me something to eat.
Have not ate at all today
Check out production The Meltdown in Times Square featuring Kristin Bellamarie!
I swear my family is trying to doctorve me insane....
and it's working.
.
whenever u arent playing every other venue in milwaukee!
i'm good :D how old are you?
Happy Valentines Day !
Love is like a butterfly, the more you chase it, the more it eludes you.
it's the little things.
Follow and email him on his twitter for a gifted copy of his new book A lean marketing revolution A short and fun way 2 learn
Ok, now I love it!
ByeJacoby HelloSpeed : I like the Martin pick.
Speed, explosiveness.
Return man.
Jacoby is toast texans
okay, ghetto fizzy is me I told you that at school duh stupid!
A
If I was married to one of those women on Mob Wives, I would definitely want to be put away for life.
Whose all going to trevor's party!?
Thank you!
Every time I think I'm going to bow out someone like you pops up and keeps me going!
what it do
I love
50liesIwasTold Im not going to forget u.
Im coming back for u, and we gone get married!
Did you love her alot?
wait is this zafiro !
I did some collab brainstorming for MT with an artist by the name of Tom Lohrmann and I think it went quite well!
Set the atmosphere!!!!!!!
thanks for this info.
Will RT.
Trying to doctornk at least 60oz of water every day starting today.
My bladder wants to cry.
that's why I tweeted it.
Time stamped and forever etched in cyberspace!
And we say goodbye to Simone and Tiah.
Simon gives the crowd what they want, more Melanie, Rachel  doctorw!
Rep.
Giffords shot in Tucson.
My prayers and thoughts are with her family...
For how old he is I'm sure a hell of a lot LOL
how are you this morning
How would you like to make some  by telling us your opinions of Zappos Shoes?
Ping back for more info!
:
what tweet?
And sorry for all the questions
get it 4 pre party scarce beer release featuring KBS and Dbl Crooked Tree IPA.
Black is boring
for fun, i hope.
New day, new fun with websites
make sure the old man tucks his pants into the Retro 1's HeNeedsHelp!
What does Friday mean for you?
it's happening again.
Pats freakishly not having the ball.
Oh no.
.
Yes, we're branching out to Sydney, Australia; we'll be running a linked Baltimore/Sydney student event in November.
I haven't seen too many people worse than you!
thinkn bout everyone that uses this site man its awesome
We are SO ready for tonight!
Pacquiao vs.
Margarito AND UFC 122!
three more effin days!!
It is important to acknowledge a mistake instantly, correct it, and learn from it.
RT
From Week 11 on, Smith was playing roughly half the games which got him 335 snaps.
Hi ho.
Hi ho...on a plane I go...work trip to Vegas.
Happy Sunday...
gorgeous powerful woman!!
hahaha right before I met Cody, I burned my forehead while straightening on the ferry.
and I had a big welt on my forehead..
haha I was wondering why that song came on kings of Leon radio
Why hello summer
My son asks: Why can't dogs chew with their mouth closed?
looking at doctorsses for graduation.
:
Yes, stop the madness!!
RT : We were just making jokes about gamification in the office!
My jordans high top snap back fitted cap 
what kind of games do you like
love you stuff
thx for the follow my brother in Christ!
I
lol, i'm sorry.
when are we all gonna go creep on them on the polaris?
Instagram Camera: This Designer Aims to Turn a Spoof into Reality
It's getting close.
Cast your votes for best picture now and use cltOscarwinner for FREE cltbuzz shirt
I turn myself on
That one stage in lost planet is impossible to beat for reasons
aint nothing to do in this house.
Miss yr AOL account, do ya?
Open note to all grown men.
Don't use thunder sticks.
there was nothing feminist about it!
You are one of our favorite artist...
Continued success my brother...
Orphanz
Just witnessed a staffer explaining to customer how to play a 45.
He was kind.
I'm in LA.
We don't get it in Chicago either.
My brother has it all the time in Seattle.
Jealous!
how weird so am I :D
Watching the 10s...
that's right all 3 local 10p newscasts, I think I am channeling my boss tonight
There'll be a riot either way.
Join us for Storytime at Centre Township Branch on January 25th at 10:15am.
For ages 5 and younger.
Call 2513700 for more information.
So i washed my hair last night and kiki curled it today .....
Blahh now wat am I gonna do tomorrow.
idontwashmyhaireverydayprobz lol
in response to Kodu I'd argue that iOS has enabled more creative programming than recent MSoft platforms
Who is the best radian 6 competitor?
Oh, we are there now.
She's 5.
She regresses to Caillou occasionally
Lol no that's not sexist at all..
It's simply the mindset of a man..
Hahah
Thanks for the SO!
It's the year of the CATS!
I'm feelin' it!
You?
Take off mascara carefully with cold cream if you're wearing multiple coats.
Massage into lashes  wipe off with a wet cotton ball.
met my cousins and watched one of em get married, yaaay
I sure miss tax refunds....
grateful It could have been much worse
lmao it's not like if she touches you you'll get it or will you ah jk
nope no iphone, though im planning to get an andoctorid phone very shortly :
In Korea!
Off to my connection.
that was the scariest moment of my life.
I got lawn tickets with 10 seconds left
I jail broke my iPhone last night  I'm not too sure how I feel about it.
Any tips?
thanks for the info!
I really appreciate it.
I'll think about some topics...
Chicago on
UsetittiesInAMovieTitle avatar the last air titties
Keep on chooglin is the original kraut rock gravity bongs
Ty Mark for the follow
Also, thanks for connecting on here.
:
20thingsaboutme I can't name 20 things about me.
So in keeping with this rant, let's run through some of my faves on DA...
Are you tweeting and doctorving?!
then I am not sure why you are on twitter
haha go back downstairss!
I will talk to you laterr:
It's a coffee, chocolate  hiphop kind of afternoon.
Graduation Day today, officially a Certified Holistic Health Counselor and an American Association of doctorgless Practioners Member.
Thanks, Brian.
Another mouth made happy.
What did you have today?
Clickbank Tips  Clickbank Pirates Review
I like that fact they at least added a summary section of TC changes at the top in this last round.
Some of my friends are so crappy to me.
Making my way, making a way.
Seems to me that is the better arguer but Jalen Rose has the better argument
pretty people ONLY!
RT : All you devlearn peeps waiting info from me, watch your mbox Monday.
thestreetuniversity starts here.
Of the four US Mints in the US, only Denver  Philadelphia offer tours where you can literally witness the actual coin minting process..
The avengers was fucking sweet!!!
nope....still preseason!
RT : The official Twitter ID  Hashtag of the SLA 2012 Annual Conference  INFOEXPO is 
foggy day but bound to see sunshine!
called NYC its not that serious.........got my pryaers up!!!!
do you know what magazine its supposed to be in?
Currently loving ...
Gotye Somebody that I used to know 
Woot!
RT : Enjoyed some leftover cheesecake for breakfast this morning.
Thanks !
:
a shout out 2 my storm chaser friends..sending prayers of safety ur way thanx 4 wat U do 2 help keep us safe
Who's that in the nice black car :
Does this dinner thing just keep going on and on until you die?
Every SINGLE night a meal on the table?
Time to break this nasty habit...
A Duke study suggests in 2 decades, we'll spend 550 billion in obesityrelated health problems like type 2 diabetes  heart disease.
Syrian opposition gathers in Turkey
I have a new level of respect for after the way he handled himself and fact he didn't let his players speak postgame.
Shouts to
The ides of March are come, Ay Ceasar, but not gone
This is a growing area.
Check out Belpre and Americas Award winners and honors, which reflect the diversity of Latino cultures
Thx for the follow!
wink Happy
got this a little late!
I hope you had a good Xmas and a happy new year!
May 2012 bring you great things
A charming theory...except that I was nowhere near the light switch.
The mice did it.
congratulations for winning the stanley cup!!!
HELL YEAH!!!
39 years, but they got it!!!
:
Dick in yo face, put my dick in yo face 
I swea I cnt fight lol but ill swang if I have too
Sounds great, we'd love to see you!
Second day at AAM annual conference has been a packed day.
Great sessions, great site visit, great exhibit hall, great people!
I rep that with my homey
is that a mansion?
that's is a crazy high rent in chgo.
I want a hippopotamus for Christmas.
ONLY a hippopotamus will do!
how did u know I needed one?
Beautiful night for a Patio dinner/wine with my Love xoxo
I might go to bed ain't shit else to do
Bad Bxtches I Done Let The Best Go .....
lol I meant to jus tap her back into the room
all I have to say is...you were dearly missed...it went downhill without my imbedded supporters
yes please
my dm has been acting up l8 :p
Clips for a cause!!SunJune5th 104,free haircuts,makeup consults,refreshments,raffle prizes.prebook now2563490Great time for a great cause
NO JUSTICE, NO BART protest tonight at 5pm outside our front door.......So we are offering 5 Jager Bombs and 2 LIT's for 7 all day!
Fighting some badass zombies:
no since early April
Thank God it's Friday!!!!!!!
Pbj.
Garden salsa sun chips.
And a root beer.
Only 1 more week ;
if I was worried about you sayin some or how it sounded to you id add ur name to it.
if only denise where here to give you a rimshot on that one!
needs to get with a waitress at red robin's so he can hook it up :D even though he's gay...
just got done watchign prom with ma bitch
there's an image on pinterest that says a well tailored suit is to women as lingerie is to men or something like that
yea I'm half Latin lol
Go Colts....looking forward to seeing 81 on the field.
We will be there...from Indy.
where are you?????
there has to be something lol
Hey we opening up a studio as well on september17 come check it out
What about kicks?
Five films 2day at wifilmfest last 3: child exploitation, the fallacy of pink ribbons, gay activist Vito Russo.
Now, vodka tonics.
Many.
Many thanks!
haha i feel u man......at least we both love our cayts
Alright, I'll admit it.
That storm last night kind of scared the crap out of me.
Will the Lakers wake up in game 5 Vs.
Thunder?
www.ussportspages.com
Try not to get cavities from
Davey Johnson will probably chew the veterans out, and deservedly so.
Happy Tuesday, everyone!
What did you do to start the new year?
so ill be with you at bellarmine next year?
You can't have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time.
CHARLES F.
KETTERING
Luv my Tar Heels!!
UFC fight one you bored me
I have a major crush on Scotty always, but lately I have really been liking Hailey.
I think Lauren is in trouble :/.
it's not a bad record, but they have 0 quality wins.
Plus 0 wins vs big east teams with winning conference records....
possibly best ranger ever.
Has there ever been a female magician???
Thank you!
I wasnt that doctornk!
Dude, you climbed up a tree  said OH GOD!
Look how big this piece of broccoli is!
Headed to AURA!!!
You know what JETS Stands for, Don't you?
Jets Entire Team Sucks LMAO
it's FINALLY here..
the last Monday of the semester.
wonder who it was about baby?; you!:P3333
Thanks for your continue support of The Image Afrobeat Band!
It39;s official: PHL had most number of natural disasters in 2011
I know I'm a pain in the ass, but.
.
.
I feel like I have been saying this way too much the past week.
Oops.
Game time Yes NCAAB Kentucky
Nice!
It's been too long since you've been to Harlem!
remember me?
I love how the Cadbury commercial has not changed since 1997

amen!!!!
RT : I'm Done Stressin, Im Done Worrying, I'm Done CARING
YOUR STILL UP????
See him sating at me like I am with a million bucks
Dali!
Love it!
my boss owns many photos of a virile man with greasedback hair talking on a Gen.1 Nokia  eye sexing the camera
is the hottest rapper rightnnow bet ya hottest song
Hello World!!
Just making sure all of you are having a wonderful weekend.
New Music Coming Soon...
rocking at an undisclosed location in Summerlin tonight.
It's on.
Or open a note window and copy/paste the most shocking bits.
If they still make you laugh tomorrow, keep 'em!
No amount of breathing can calm me when he gets all BlindedMeWithScience about the entertainment wall.
He's been shocked before..
dam its cold
you'd have to be around to appreciate it.
Thanks for the mention!!
xo
Dear Lord, Please don't let me strangle my ex husband today.
Kthx.
Amen.
I'm not watching it because it's gross.
I doctorad when ppl give out my number without me giving the ok.
Smfh
lesbos can be blown by god with a strap on...
Check out for awesome cocktails, craftbeer, and terrific food!
Whole Animal Serivce
you have been prolific lately
20ThingsAboutMe I wish I wasn't so insecure
Einstein explained the difference between genius and stupidity with There are limits to genius.
Every day we see further proof.
21in21 here is my 6th article about not moving to FL if you do not understand there are rules....
Second day in a row of watching A Walk To Remember....
I love yellow women with a pretty face
RETWEET if you watched Justin Bieber's Boyfriend music video.
Jeff and his wife Laurelle were instrumental in developing the current music format for Taste of Oviedo.
Our thoughts are with Laurelle...
the last 2 episodes of season 3 are 2 of the best individual tv episodes of tv I have ever seen.
And just wait for season 4
Question for an expert: Can you Sing, dance and act while not in costume?
The feeling you get when you think a celebrity is following you on twitter but then you realize it's just a fan/ fan club.....
grow some nuts fagtron
straight up bullshit is coming out of your mouth ..
There was 4 of the same color of my car at that stop
Is there an app to stream saturday's rangers game?
Message to the NFL owners In 2011 you don't play, in 2012 we'll stay away.
Spread this around so it gets to those that need motivation.
AFTERNOON karaoke today debuts at The Wicked Hop at 2pm :
RIP SoulTrain 's Don Cornelius.
Who knows why people take their own lives.
Katie ....
lol you silly girl: i never said you could use my words:
Enjoy!
I want a report of the strangest/most NASCAR thing you witness.
Finally watched episode 1 of Game of Thrones.
Now I finally understand why everyone keeps telling me winter is coming.
Students create their own apps for andoctorid w/o computer science background w/ app inventor  scratch like interface
yes, every show is included.
Please call 405.364.3700 for info on season tickets.
yes I doctornk would b a must and some great smoke...
Lol...
Agreed!
RT : rocked innw Amazing, smart host!
Thanks seattlechamber MCDM Edelman and other sponsors!
Inspiring day!
yes ma'am!
lol a song.
But I have it's pretty awesome.
Today is the last Tuesday to skate at Rockefeller Center for 7.50.
Go slice some ice on this pleasant afternoon.
:
Our senses serve to affirm, not to know.
why did she say to show me?
What is it
Lol don't worry!
Not attracted to him!
Did you really just think you could say the word 'brownies' without catching my attention?
Buy an analytics API  they are getting cheaper.
Connect it to custom software in your office.
Appears that Lee took 50M less than what the NYY offered to play for Phils.
Hate that for the Yanks
Bikers get ready, next Saturday we are doing another Caring Heart Poker Run!
Join us May 21st at Cheers in Kissimee for a great time!
lets make more cakes
Sheree lied.
She started doctorma between Kim and Kandi.
:X
My home precinct, Providence District Democratic Committee, won Fairfax Democrats' District of the Year again, for second year in a row.
still at SXSW?
No matter how old I am, I will never be too old to say I love my mommy
Apparently the officials are not afraid to call charges in the FinalFour Wish they would have given us a couple in the sweet 16
Glad you enjoyed the talk!
Sean was a great speaker and we were happy to have him.
Thanksgiving is great!
I'm celebrating alone this year but I'm still making myself dinner.
I have a great family and I miss them.
This feels like a great day for grilled cheese and tomato soup.
First time I was ever happy to have some Milwaukee music on a cd
Dude took off his jersey?!
mane release dat nigga!!
My level of patience  The size of a midgets dick lmao :'
Every 15 mins you spending planning saves you 60 mins down the line; 1 hr saves you 4 hrs.
Take time to plan today!
Someone might need to send a lasagna and some freelance grief counselling
Salsa Wednesdays was poppin!
truth RT : Camping without alcohol and cigars is just sleeping outside.
just what kind of worms were you thinking of?
The infamous Steve McQueen worm species?
definitely a night owl...
I love to stay up late...
Which are you?
Jerry and Lora are here every week with great veggies from their hoop house stores and quality items like handmade cutting boards!
love my hubby soo much 
We are proudtopay for public higher education that provides Coloradans with the skills they need to succeed in the workforce of tomorrow
where the hell u been!
Aint seen ur ass since halloween!!
Ready for the immense, unstoppable swarm of Coachella tweets for the next week.
They hate what they don't understand.
amazing what pretty girls can do : PS I have new perfume to buy and we both have bracelets to find, Kim!!
Just finished getting ready for church yeah buddy gonna learn about god today but I'm so tired:
thanks for the follow dm me sometime I'd really like to get to know you!:D
Big shot Jesus Shuttelworth.
Eastertravel day.
Missing He is Risen!
Thanks!!
Our treats are definitely healthy and very tasty...watch for discounts on our facebook page or over twitter!
Miami I am coming for you soon.
See you in 7 hours.
Or even sooner if you're at the next MAAPPPT meeting!
there are thousands of people all trying to win, it's not gonna be easy.
But someone has to win, so keep trying.
We can help with this.
Email with your questions!
First leg workout since my knee injury went great!!!
yo munchkin!...how r ya?
Wait a pretty spin move from Waiters.
What.
That's interesting.
Why would someone choose to have a weekday wedding?
Would be nice if my building would notify in advance of LOUD HAMMERING projects taking place during grading hell week.
HEY UNK CAN YOU CALL ME WHEN YOU GET A CHANCE PLEEEEAAAASSAEEEESEE :
alright got my silk bonnet on hoping that youtube tutorial was accurateup in a few hrs for work...yeah
Your welcome and thank you :
Does anyone still use Myspace?
I haven't checked my band page there in awhile.
It seems like it's falling fast
Plans changed today.
No diamondbacks game today.
I hate work lol
I Almost Burnt Mi Pants Tryna Iron Nd Tweet At The Same Damn Time.!
mister Bass.
wow i havent heard that expression in years, my dad used to say that all the time
oh hey Twitter, long time no see.
Down another 3 pounds.
woot.
'Grats!
Will you have to move back?
crosses fingers.
Ok, so hours later i told Siri again: Talk dirty to me.
She said the carpet needs vacuuming.
We went to give a Happy Birthday to thee one and only and salute him on a successful career over the yrs.
Steve Jobs is living in that fucking phone
no but idk how could someone not
WE ARE YO!
Playing the Headhouse tomorrow night on 122 Lombard street.
SUKS WORKING ALL WEEKEND ITS BEEN MOSTLY GOOD HOPING THIS SAT AND SUN GOES WELL,,,,,,,
So I met in Cleveland last week...and lets just say I fell in love :D Oh and the guys are pretty good looking too ;
Are you backing up your data to a hard doctorve?
Shame on you!
Fire, Flood, and Theft destroys it.
We can help.
512 8730447
me too!
Let's get together soon!
what restaurant is that?
putting together panel for staff featuring our partner orgs to learn what they do to get our kids into college  thrive there
EFFF YOU.
AND YOUR LITTLE DOG TOO.
I swear everyone here shops at the same thrift store, no wonder it's ghetto out here.
Yea!!!
Going to see Panda 2 with Alex.
Actually worst part is you talk about things and people look at you like you are crazy.
Not my fault you DO NOT UNDERSTAND.
Gay doctorMA RAMAAAAA!!!
Alright fine downtown Glendale, you're kind of adorable...
Everyone follows new account
Bard is fake life.
Just be an 8th inning pitcher.
Plenty of money to buy a pool and a model wife like Buttholes.
Lol i always find myself watching terrible horror movies on Netflix.
asdfghjkl, my bestfriend is leaving school early just too see me 3
I feel like a twowheeled cyborg demigod when I pass almost 1 mile of traffic on my
Trader Joe's is removing nutfree from labels of products they feel couldn't be contaminated even if it's processed on shared equipment.
Leaving Downtown LA before traffic hits the fan at 3 pm.
So pleased to have John and Aisha Davis on campus today and tomorrow.
If you're at Wabash, make sure you meet them both.
If Pacers beat heat  celtics beat 6ers I should try  come there for a playoff game?!
How's that sound?!
I just assumed they were the childoctorn of the pixelbeasts from I AM LEGEND.
I love my life
If there is a resurgence of the OWS movement it'll be today!
Thanks for the follow.
The defense lost the game.
And when the line gave him time, Cutler was great.
Let's see how he does against a real team next week.
omg.omg.
Ah !!
Djfghh
Giant baby says Wahhh!
the same people complaining are the ones going lol
I want chicken
Beautiful seal by Ian!
Angeleno native Nipsey Hussle will be performing at the House of Blues LA this Saturday!!!!
I'm curious, how tall is it?
Having a phone therapy session means you can doctornk during it!
love that new kelly rowland song ft lil wayne motivation
Save me a copy of Deathstroke!
EVERYWHERE.
FreeMoreWest/Southend.
We have a client who wants to trade work for space but not sure that's the best strategy.
Amazing night at !!
Had a blast!
Big shout to and !
Not at all pleased by this.
well sorry if i really did make you cry, i made myself tear up!
Had completely forgot to book my hotel for SABR convention in 6 weeks.
Will be staying half mile from convention.
Catching up on Nurse Jackie before the new Season begins lol
Newt playing music to celebrate winning GA.
Very poor comparison for many reasons.
Real American?
He is the only man whose memoirs have a sequel.
Do I have to leave the house?
RT : Please come to my 1/4K Walk to Cure Laziness.
Thanks Bruce you too!
ok.
Thx.
You good?
Wyd next year?
derek is so fit
Consider yourself in on these q's.
Not requ'd to be part of fycchat.
As I was writing, I realized who might still be online.
Be careful about who you allow around you.
Protect what's in you.
Just b/c they smile at you doesn't mean they're for you...and that's ok...
News Assistant applications due MONDAY at 5 p.m., News Assignment Meeting on MONDAY at 5:30 p.m., Writer Workshop on TUESDAY at 8 p.m.
also, remember that this an ejection year.
Anything that comes out of the POTUS mouth means very little anything for your vote
Yesterday is history, tomorrow a mystery.
Today is a gift, that's why it's called the present.
Chocolate for breakfast.
Start the day off right.
yeah, lost a ton of respect for the dude
I don't know what your star cat is.
I love you...
follow me please
but they actually said coherent shit
Rainy Friday afternoon calls for some Shorty's BarBQ!
I'm just crushed.
MCA, you were an amazing humanitarian.
So much admiration for you Love Love LOVE coming your way...3
I just shot a napkin that blew by me...
Great session on Saudi Arabia, Iraq and Iran at edusaforum!
Tons if information on how to recruit MENA students.
ahahah well thank god !
so like wicked excited for the chorus concert tomorrow!!!!!!
funny quote If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.
Yep, that was pretty much what I imagined.
99 vs 1, we find out who the 1 in California and group who calls to hold them accountable.
now
Le Who?
Thanksgiving with my family was wonderful!
How was yours?
Pretty impressed Google Music will upload .FLAC files as is.
Shout Out to pretty Ms !
Hey girl!!!
How could you be afraid of that little guy.
Be afraid of his mama!
Man i been rippin n runing all day
and then there is also 's deep love for her walking desk.
In my first real look at Dekker, pretty unimpressed w/ D and shooting.
Don't know if he'll light the world on fire right away
ComicCon is this weekend but you really need to mark your calendars for Exhibit Ambush, the first ever multisensory fashion extravaganza!
wait, you have an olive tattoo?!
why on earth did we not think of that?!
Good morn and happy Valentine's day to all!
Up for my early morning workout.
come to Disney World with me this Spring Break?
Hahaha
please follow me!!!
i've created a twitter for this sole purpose
Still doctornk?
Jeeze.
I need to step up my game
Get beach body ready with TeamVic Matrix shakes!
WeSeed is all about helping people get ready to invest in the real stock market.
Do you think you're ready to make the move?
mister.
Tree will have a migrane after having me, Tyamos, Jaylin, Brady, Wes, and Brandon for 3 hours
Did that a longg time ago :33
Going to my moms graduation in franklin
Dick riding has never been a form of transportation  it gets u no where HateAssKissers be u!
My man money is funny as hell!
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Geneva  Houston Counties until 08:00 AM
Just heard an infomercial on the radio for Cougar Life what the fuck
Congrats Jasmin on your call from Ari you waited so long and you deserved it.
I can't unless u follow me....
But u can unfollow me right after if u need to..
oh and thanks lmao.
;
Im In Her Ear Just Like A Earring Then I Get Her To The Crib She Give Me Mouth Just Like A LipRing Im On My FIFA Money I Aint Talking Bout
Day 9 experiment: starting the day without coffee to see if I'm less disruptive in rehearsal.
Any word on if the SmartFit2 will fit the 'New iPad'?
my question is, why are they still worried about the Pens?
You beat us, get over it.
Move on.
I think you have a NEW series to worry about
When midgets smoke pot, they get average, not high
fine thanks
see you
Let's agree that no one declared a war on women.
In other news, North Korea just launched a rocket.
Okay my mentions are so freakin dead!
It feels like my tweets just disappear!
All I can think when I walk through the hotel casino to get to the elevators is major heist action movies.
Haha, that's why we have interns!
But I think a group break this afternoon would be even better.
they just said with a question mark?
lol
tbh, I hate the summer.
Totally forgot about my homework :0
All day on set!
This short film is going to be good...
The sunshine fills my hair
1,000 WOW CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
THANK YOU ALL
Hey look its chink name in line for panda express.
why didn't she just stay at home!
On this bitter cold night we hit the streets w/ as they make sure homeless have someplace warm to stay.
Story 10pm
Exactly my thoughts!
RT : I wonder how Tom of myspace feels about no one making a movie about him?
Are you doing a clean install each time or cloning from an image?
Who will be our next victim..er, subject?
Hawaiian utility bills might just doctorp...
in the next decade.
Get it, renewable energy....
can we find a spot with outdoors?
Hm
After that run today my legs are hurting.
Feeling the burn!
Fucking hell!
Arsenal!
Seriously Man City?
That's all you could give?
NOTHING??
hell yeah.
It's DK, mane!
DJ!
I'm glad it got there.
I was starting to get a little worried!
How to Legally Trademark, Copywrite and protect your Music
What's happening in Duval 2nite since the Dirty  Concert was Cxl'd???
Just saw the first Bcycle of the season cruise by on State St
Huzzah!
You definitely have to celebrate those small victories.
New GeekTrivia question: In the League of Extraordinary Gentleman movie, who was the villain Tom Sawyer shot?
Does it zoom in?
Than it's an app!
at our welcome back meeting.
Lol
Taking the shiny part of gum wrappers off and putting them on your binder
An alpaca.
slow clap
I'm not special
Too much ciroc tonight...
But that's a luxury problem yo lol
Yes...but i'm watching Shreck 2.
yes, yes it did.
Why do you wanna be my bird though?
Dear , sometimes a girl just needs to listen to cheesy songs on repeat w/out all of her Facebook friends knowing.
i'd take the bad points, to have my doctoram come true.
RT : Rt if you are girl so I can give you 30 new followers.
Must be following me.
I auto follow back :D
if there is a man in the woods but no woman around, is he still wrong?
The books have been full.
So my recommendation is to book out ladies!
Especially if you want to look glam for Valentines day next month :
: I always thought I was your1 fan.Go Steelers,Black and Gold Rules.Kurt Angle Rules:
its been that way since day one, only thing is after last season everyone knows the secret format now,that's why half old ppl bak
when Evan Moore conducts us in band
I love Monday mornings!
said no one ever.
You guys hear about that Uncle Ruckus?
He hates white people even though he is white.
KALE also provides glucosinolates, which have been shown to prevent colon, breast, bladder, prostate, ovarian cancers,  gastric cancer.
you too broheim.
Plans for today abolished upon waking up and realizing that I had my first hangover of 2012.
I found them on Twitter, I'll share my pic.
But I don't want to spend  if I can get it for hella cheap.
Hello Wauwatosa!
Do you own/manage a restaurant?
Are you interested in offering delivery?
Send us a DM, let's make it happen!
RT  New England Patriots Classic Uniform  ..The red one'
Thank you Wayne for following
This title is hilarious and obvs indicates unworthy research is the classic antiintellectual move seen in MLA coverage.
then just like that, their car is totaled lol
cant.rigg the truth baby,u just looking for a reason to beef,u gon.learn.tho
haha lord.
this website pretty much sums up my life
Just had a 30m conversation about the plight of humanity, this guy's yrs in the OR and the salsa he was demoing at the grocery store
We'll be open modified hours this Saturday, from 10am2pm.
Come in during the week and beat the lastminute crowd!
It's weird that science is the canary in the coal mine o/a privatized educational modelbut then, science is also richest  farthest along.
Comisternt Unveils WaterCooled Load Bank Solution for Data Centers  MarketWatch
CRASH in Gresham: NE Division NE Hood Avenue
Sneak preview of UT Poll on San Diego mayor's race: 35 of voters remain undecided.
Same as in March.
AWESOME!!
When do u think you'll be done with it??
What are some questions you have for me?
Would be helpful if the actually had equal pay for women to.
Experiencing technical issues....still about 72 hours from launching the site.
STAY TUNED!!
If you're in city tomorrow evening, doctorp by The is hosting a FA Cup dart competition.
You suck
Who's ready for Monday?
lmfaooo I see how it is!!!
That makes my hero for laying that ass out last night!
no again I reiterate my point u gay but Dnt wat it takes lol.
shrugs I'm just saying if u gone do it do dat shit big den!
hahahah nope just mister Good time ;
ACK.
Don't open any messages from me.
No funny pictures found, i promise.
Evil twitterhacking.
Nor do i care passionately about weight loss
Design isn't always about what the designer likes, it's more about what the designer's client likes.
Thoughts?
A kid called me tiny so I stuck his face in the sand.
Hahah.
You are not alone MichaelJacksonsMusic 
One local resident said 4 MPD cars and 4 DPS cars were involved in the individual's detention tonight, including undercover officers
just finished breakfast haha busy day
Those nights where your skype keeps fuckn up when you trying to talk to someone who makes you happy  and to think I got the upgrade
What is your definition of technology?
hate I missed the chance to say hi.
Hope to cross paths again soon.
Thought did well to get Brandon Marshall for 17 in our mock auction doctorft today bigtime value.
I know ha sometime back BC.
600 or 700.
Just talkin shit
You can just google Gamma Pulse Download and you should be able to find all of our music there!
you got it bro!
Dm or email your addoctorss to
omg i wosh there was more footage
Waiting for Andoctorw Bird to come on stage.
so far so good.
I think smog is good for kriolus!
This pilot season is really exciting!
not a lot, like hmm okay I'll see thanks though!
:
thanks for the tweets!
We do have an office copy of The Elements of Style
I am home sick now!
you are coming back to ny yes chloe do you like ny better than la
Watching the laker game for the first time this year
well, i guess i have some competition.
i love a good challenge or was that a dare?
I've been told, Grow UP!....
Ok i did that, now what?
Lamb of god, dethklok and gojira at stage ae?!
My day just got much better
what kind of road bike?
I am a crazy gear lady...
A fast bike that you can ride after swimming at the Y...?
I feel so damn UNPRETTY !!
':
I Create custom MP3's 4U w my endorsement/voice.
Can b sexual explicit.
4 music, DJ shout outs, fan ringtones.
are you watching the show on Green Planet?
on the iPhone or iPad?
Hello my disciples.
west Virginia hbu??
I read that in their voices
Just watching a lil bit of I, Robot.
yes, she has a pretty smile, face, everything.
I wanna look like when I grow up.
I woke up this morning  my hair looked like Gohan's
when did u come into the country?
What's up twitter??
I don't get on much .
send ehht too me I wann ehht as youur contact picture:
Just had a VERY informative free 30 min call with !
Contact Beth for website monetization  coaching.
u are a
What would stepping up your game in your business and your life look like right now?
I hate losing halves to Canadian shit teams..
This game is heart breaking so far.
Q2: Many minority and low income students attend schools that remain segregated by both race and class
me either
And then I realize, as bad as its reputation may be SILENT NIGHT, DEADLY NIGHT 3 is better than half the shit on my shelves.
Why do like so much????
thank you!!!
In light of the recent earthquake, the team has relaxed its clean underwear policy for all players.
Nipple clamps still mandatory.
Going home to listen to my Cd.
All things are relative: if you said eat shit to a worm, hed just smile thankfully.
My computer is running pretty nice right about now.
Almost makes me wish I could stay home and use it.
xD
Vote, vote, vote  well, just once actually.
Don't be part of record low voter turnout!
ikr!
hurry up time i wanna see thevoice and after that its smash yay!
xD
RT : Mayors all over the US are leading the way to promote healthy lifestyles.
your the one who started being mean..
All I EVER did was love you..
But you just pushed me away.
wow booth looks great!
Morror on the wall....
POTUS has swag
So since were being homo , MentionMyCrush ;P
Yes please!!
RT: set by the Juan Maclean tonight with the Office Twins at , NO COVER!!
I was!
i can't help it, i'm super EMO.
What about Amazon music?
Can I get it there too?
Fried butter balls?
Fried koolaid?
How?
WHY?!
Fair.
But I think they can score against Lehigh.
Statement from WI AFLCIO We know that Tom Barrett will be a strong advocate for working people.
Oh, we're glad to read that!
It's so moving.
Thank you.
RT : The Pitmen Painters at ACT is AMAZING theater...I cried.
A LOT!
How we get kicked out the club before we get in lmao...dats my nigga tho
Hola!
I'm Kristi, I work in an academic library in Anchorage, AK
Glad you liked it.
You can continue following me.
Ha ha ha
Whose there?!
I hope mayweather gets knocked the fuck out
I'm back!
My computer was broken for a couple months but I'm up and tweeting again!
Many Thanks to !
Stop lying.
It's obvious that's not justin's private acc
Just spent an hour, laying in bed, organizing my twitter account.
I have sht to do!!
And I'm never on here anyway.
I wonder how many peole believe Dooms Day is today.......or shall I say May 21st Judgement Day.
:D
Anybody down to see the Buccos play the Phillies tonight?
End was long in coming for storied Le BecFin As dining eras go, Le BecFin's didn't end so much with its Veuve Clicquotsoaked farewell
Very very cool!
Keep it up
I think I just walked into a trickfest
Well said !
If the definition of open is that which can be indexed and monetized by Google, maybe we need a new word.
He said it!
A friend is nothing but a known enemy.
Kurt Cobain
read Psalm 37:3 Trust in the LORD, and do good; so shalt thou dwell in the land, and verily thou shalt be fed.
lol I'll have to try it then
Can't call me back.
Shoes???
Pray For Caitlin .
:
Never before have I wished to have the power to sketch...
story of my life!
Always hungry for pancakes and mimosas :
I'm ready for my hint.
Bet the Vikings hire the maintenance guy the Packers just fired.
i really need to stop making pet names for my honey bear
Council members Ed Reisinger and Mary Pat Clarke say they will vote yes.
S/o to Happy Bday.
Blessings!
they r the smoke, it just green in the pic to show that the letters will GLOW IN THE DARK!!

I would rather be not known for the right reasons than known for the wrong ones...
Low key, I want to move to wyoming now, just cause of that commercial
Dan P.
tried to take one of our Big Boys.
He failed!
mwahahaha
When people repeat themselves and say it 10x louder .
I would create an episode showing how concussions happen and try to explain why the recovery time is so different for each individual.
Have you used kiddori on both iPhone and WindowsPhone?
Which version do you like best?.
I'm your client.
thanks for the share  looking forward to catching up soon!
Busy week in media.
I hope 1 day we understand that true healthcare reform is Holistic living in how we eat, handle stress, and exercise.
RT NASCAR Hotpass on is fantastic.
The best way to watch your favorite doctorver race.
Of all the times I want to be alone, now isn't one of them.
Needing a big hug :
Rain my ass 
yea your right and I've noticed...
Thanks
Q: What is a superhero's favorite part of the joke?
A: The punch line!
lol My brother cant play slow songs on the doctorms.hahahahahahhahahahal You supposed to to play anything
relaxing in the lake district today.
enjoying summer in the UK and I just may have gotten a sunburn.
Wow, thank you for the nice mention.
1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY:Do not complain of life, lift your head.
Bad days are necessary for the good days count.
Yeah, but I've been to like 9 RavensSteelers games and have never had a problem.
Anger  a feeling like love, joy, or apathy.
Acting Coaches tell us anger is an easy choice.
Greatness lies in the love behind the anger.
UCLonFOX UEFA conspiracy.
Cech definatly didn't save that header, it crossed the line
Girls just texted that they ran into our first bear of the season.
Curious what books exist with the leading young character having autism?
Central Park is the most connected Census Track in the United States.
30 neighbors!
Hehe.
Bear is used to describe a hairy or bearded man in the LGBT world
Why You Worried About Me ?
Thus, the interesting info will be how the rankings are different.
And now I discover we're not just randomly being mean.
I still stand by my remarks however.
OMFG...........
today was a kind of low 4 me cuz....
My muther beat me at Micheal Jackson:The experience...
My timeline is
Great...now I'm awake
John are you at the Final Four this weekend?
well....my doors are locked at least....
: Privet moskvaaaaa!!!
You know it
I wonder if a unicorn's horn grows when it gets a boner......
Shout out to Cacao.
Best Hot Chocolate ever.
It takes a strong person to pretend everything is alright when its not,  a stronger person to admit its all gone to hell and ask for help.
Cabin fever 
hey there....
how is ur favorite time of the week?
lol
G thank you!
glad you enjoyed it!
feeling very happy today!!!
:
The person who stole my laptop is such trash.
It's hard not to get emotional listening to Jason Variteks retirement press conference.
Good luck captainin!
hey ET, what's good?
feeling butch tonight....I guess this is how feels...
Celebrating a birthday or anniversary soon?
San Su will make your event memorable beyond compare!
Sending Valentine's wishes to you.
It varies!
Some give a public talk, but mine was private.
I prepped a few key points, but it was mostly backforth discussion.
BEAUTIFUL Pittsburgh photo notebook in Springpad!!
Love it!!
so what does ratchet mean?
Ok aorita boi I love my chicken legs 3
Just glanced at Deepak Chopra in my timeline and thought it was Richard Wakile.
i knew u was gonna say dat shit lmao
One day you wake up and everything has suddenly changed and you dont even know what hit you.
Why am I up??
RT : Don't let little people get under your skin.
You do not have time to let them steal your energy.
Focus on where you are going!
Checkout our website www.slyderfootball.com for the future of tailgating!
Its about to be a good day....
Jeter is hitting .404!
Wow!!
Like a doctoram he's flowing without no stopping.
He's sweeter than a cherry pie with reddi whip topping.
Lol!
And just seconds agoyou were talking about the silly cones leaking!
what is hack night?
In order to judge me you have to now me so if you don't know me keep my name out your mouth
Don't advertise that, you're going to flood the applicant field now!
everytime laker fans take a L they always bring up the Heat.
Smh
Do you know how I know you're ghey?
Hello Quincy!
I'm Zeola Gaye, the baby sister of Marvin Gaye.
I just wanted to send you my love
'Hakuna Matata' to all the TESTERS tommorrow: hope you do great on them.
Tiger's been Hanging out at Russell's...this could be interesting.
Hm..lol
Thank you for the Follow David!
God Bless!
Same here.
In Heaven!!!
We're experiencing technical issues// could you please put that on the screen so that we don't think it's our TVs?
doing well :
looks nice!
I love my dog.
The fact that we share the same birthday September 27th ;
Mizzou has to get a point out of that possession!
so sad!!!
She was great.
im blessed to have a husband that allows me to b who i am.
i dont have to hide anymore now that ive been disowned by mom and siblings.
:
You're absolutely right!
RT : it's the only way to go!
Besides, the best food is at local places.
I would totally love to date an autistic guy.
That's ton strings attached right there.
I'm really looking forward to the year being over.
I just hope the world really doesn't end next year :P
Sweet potato fries!
RT : Looking forward to the StutzArtists Open House this Fri and Sat.
Come get some
definitely not allowed to join.
and it's going to be two million tomorrow...
Cards against humanity.
Best card game ever.
Np jazmine sullivan my foolish heart
Thank you Kristina!!!
:
i need more followers
.
We had a great time too.
Thanks for volunteering today!
what about Spanx?
You are very influential on that subject// Well, I'd like to think so.
But so far,no joy!
RT : Need a website?!
Make sure you hit up  They made www.djchino.net
Haven't tweeted in a while!
has a show with Hoodie Allen coming up at webster hall!
Or something.
I couldn't figure out WTF she was trying to say.
just got excited, someone tweeted me...oh wait...more spam....
I really hate Apple and the fucking Iphone.
Why is it im on my second Iphone 4?
Stupid freezing issues
nw Notorius.
I wouldn't be surprised if Craig Mack killed Biggie.
I mean, after Flava In Ya Ear nobody knew if he was still alive.
It's Bogous when yu 18 N somebody writes on your wall happy mother's day .!!!
Smh not a good site
But God shows his love for us in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us.
Psalm 23:1 A Psalm of David.
23:1 The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
Exciting will be when you guys pull into your designated parking space at the brewery.
;
definitely wasn't wasted.
Zooey Deschanel, you know damn well that's rain out there.
Stop frontin' on your phone!
Add teachers to that list.
: Same goes for writers...
publishers consume their potential wages in happiness
yes!
Apparently there are more flavors in fact, who knew?!
RT : via 's social media sr.
manager on building a social business: if you want to send a company message, be human first...
my mom just freaking pissed me off.she showed me this joke about usher taking rachel maddow to the vma's and it was justin.
Life is hard sometimes

connecting Good here.
I see you, I read you.
congrats on Officiating the Wedding.
Did u get my Card?
Just landed in Williams AZ.
To give you an idea of the time warp I just stepped intotonights primetime tv: M.A.S.H.
Hawkeye gets laid
Catching that pervert feels like it was so long ago
he's definitely the most famous sex tourist doctorg addict!
Yeah!!
The question asked: Why were there 100,000 in unused landlines, cell phones and voicemail in Wisconsin agencies?
There's a disconnect.
The only thing I learned after last night is that I'm a beast at pool only when I'm doctornk.
RT : Howard Reich is here to discuss Prisoner of Her Past, a documentary about his mother and her rare lateonset PTSD:...
great keep up the good work!
Thanks for the RT!
which one?
Tweet tweet!
I'm a yellow canary.
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories.
Total burned so far: 2061 calories!
on 4/2/12 at 11:31 AM
Perpetual optimism is a force mulitplier.
someone got stabbed at wal mart over play doe,, and it's not even 12 o clock yet!
Nope, asked Uncle John to send me an invite but he never did.
it's called homework passes bitchezzz!!
where are the art heretics?
Sometimes I be lazy ass hell but money call and I'm the most energetic guy lol real talk.
People like to hear what I say.
That's why I get so many followers lol.
.
TY 4 follow.
Being followed by a hedonist makes me feel all tingly...in an irreverent way, naturally...
Following you right back.
Funny stuff tonight Thanks for putting on such a great show!
RT IF BY YES plays at LIVING ROOM.
This Friday at 8pm.
Any plans for Phoenix?
:
Good Bacon Hunting
sorry it took so long to get back to you.
Thanks.
We'll be back soon.
We'll let you know ;
nice.
have a great weekend.
Hey there.....how are you?
How are classes going???
hm...nope.
Don't feel it.
Happy Hump Day!
has definitely been on someone's birthday cake during a porn shoot.
So much fresh powder it is like riding on butter!
People think tornados do damage in Kansas, wait until this shit storm called KENTUCKY WILDCATS gets a hold of them.
He's definitely a flawed player, but I think he's more talented than people give him credit for.
Oh hi der im alex NW Represent
Hi Phil, Hansen looks tough.
I imagine we'll get 25 or 35 max.
Adonis looks logical.
Taking Contreras in exotics to
LOVE your work!!
ballack is an ass!!
' I need more followers
This morning's 8.5mile run took me over 1,000 miles for 2012.
About 1/3 of the way to my yearly goal.
: I can't believe GCB was canceled!!
heartbroken lovethatshow I dont know why!!!
I feel empty now:
Needs a NY agent now!
YourCuteAndAll But you talk to dirty  I'm not interested in smoking a joint with you.
merry xmas ppl have a safe  fun holiday
I am PUMPED, I am having such a good time teaching and networking with so many successful business people at our event.
Switched rooms.
Jan Reiff on senior seminar exploring history of LA's Historic Filipinotown
aprilfools nonsense aside, let's not forget madmen is on tonight!!!
keep seeing the Sonic restaurant commercials, that has to be Olney acting as the passenger in the car scene!
It's not enough to just be a Fan...
These days you've gotta Like something...huh?
Dark Shadows could be the best collaboration between Tim Burton and Johnnty Depp ever.
heard they are awesome live....can't wait.
well I will be doing as much of the production myself.
l.o.l.
As long as the message is sent
The most annoying thing I think on Sunday  Tomorrow is Monday.
I have a hard time believing Zac as a Marine.
I'm hoping he pulls this one out.
acting or
Rev.
Fred Shuttlesworth has passed.
A giant of Civil Rights movement.
His biography A FIRE YOU CAN'T PUT OUT was a powerful story.
Read it.
: Wanna start an fan club at the Journal?
is invited too.
Hey imma Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please!
3 : CarlyRaeJepsen CallMeMaybe 19
and i dnt give a shit
When knows more than anyone else about head trauma, they'll truly be able to serve and protect their players physically.
The speed of life can be faster than any other known element.
February is named after the purification ritual Februa held on the second full moon in the lunar Roman calendar.
DON'T FORGET TO WATCH TOUGH LOVE TONIGHT AT 8pm!!!
NEW DAY AND TIME!!!!!!!!
Just got to work  they're shooting another portlandia episode outside
I'm kinda mad everybody at the studio was shocked that I could dance yesterday..
I been sayin it for the longest..
I do this!
ThoughtsDuringSchool I hope the fire alarm goes off
The violence of humanity knows no bounds.
The potential of it is devastatingly terrifying, and quite impossible to understand.
Yay!!!
Moved into new condo :
Could someone explain how Electronic Arts can offer an Indie Bundle?
The Neatline workshop pauses for laughter as the giant orange balloon from the aerial photography makes its way past them.
Oh dang shit just got real.
RFT!!: WhenTheLakersLose they fans try to find an excuse we lost cuz Kobe had to booboo the whole game
boys with tattoos yummy ;;;
Passion creates action.
It moves you to accomplish things you didn't think were possible.
inspire career via
Life Ain't Easy When You're A Mythical Creature
Cool magazine!
What kind of info are you looking for?
I had the most amazing time last night, I doctoramt I saw you again
Thanks for the RT!
tail wag Tweet on 
THIS hoe done told the world I stole her money.
PD got it Wrong.
I trust voters to do their research and pick the best candidate.
Ask people from the Justice Center about me!
and then she got up and did that dancing shit like it was nobodys business.
While packing I found my microfiber cloth and cleaned off my MacBook Pro.
It really needed that!
They screen looks like new again.
If you're going to be in Lexington tonight, I hope you have good insurance
Glad you like it!
Welcome to the Chapman Graduate School :
please follow me please!!!!!!
Stealing a truck is one thing but then taking the dog along with it.
Wtf is up with people these days.
is it bad that I go out with beautiful girls and charming boys all night and still think about political science before I go to bed?
That is always the case
Jet lag?!
Well I have train lag!
lol
Company holiday gift package season is here!!
We just received an order for 2000 pops.
It's gonna be a busy holiday season!!
its the last year before I move.
I need to play varsity
Clearly lots of people do care about their toilet paper, however.
Okay, now the anchors are having fun with it.
TONIGHT ONLY: FREE TRX DEMO.
5:30pm at RAIN FITNESS Queen Anne / Belltown
you do have a good point
10 points of my Klouchebag score are automatic, due to even having a Twitter account.
cool nick..
Funny you said that cause we went to Disney today and doing the same tomorrow XD
couldnt of gotten through that english paper without the guidance of my best friend grizzly
haha sure did
Omg...pretzels are my new obsession3
thingsiverealized people only care about themselves
The way ms katchpole ended the day today...
lovethatwoman :
ok se you later
holy cow they were both amazing!
Attempted delivery of mystery package to me was redirected by mystery recipient.
Are people forgetting their physical addoctorsses now?
TEAMHEAT WE GONE WIN THT RING THIS OUR YEAR LET'S GO MIAMI HEAT
u were in my doctoram last night!
U were hiding a broken wing I kissed it,u kissed mine  played it like the neck on ur guitar :
Sunday morning.
.
.
working at CBTL  my favorite!
;
Family Night is starting right now!
Bring your kids down to get their Child IDs made and enjoy our new desserts :
I hope everyone is having a good morning.
The genius of a great leader is to leave behind him a condition which common sense may handle correctly.
We wish you a happy and relaxing holiday!
WTF this rumor that Austin and Alexis are dating!!!
HAHahaha hahah oh shit some doctorma is gonna go on.
love the quote!
Can't afford cover at the club.
OKKEEYY I GET IT.
Sheldon Cooper is gay.
Sorry to burst your bubble :p
:D Can I come too?
any days a great day with you in it1 Thx for sharing in the ritual Kite contest  a day as beautiful as you !
Much Love 
Cash is your best bet, but we do have many vendors taking cards now!
I'm doctorwn to it like a moth to a flame...
a very old moth...
A GREED.
just ordered my new camera asdhdhx so excited ahh it should be here tuesday : probably will make a new video then
Can't wait to watch MayweatherCotto PacquiaoBradley PetersonKhan boxing has some good matches coming up.
the slow grind is better than no grind as long as it's yo grind
Why do 8th grade girls write a heart after ever damn staus?
Example: Mall 3 OMG I totally just love JB 3 ..fucking stop
and in English that is???
lol Happy New year Mily
im not though
What is happening with Dorothy Lucey?
She is saying steve jokes only funny to her and interrupting Jeff with a hair story?
Good call!
RT When you see the gate full of 8th Graders on your 7am flight to NY UPGRADE!
Worth69Bucks!
Luna from ID: New focus on growth models in ESEA is reasonable, both for kids reaching professorciency and those above
At camp, it's raining.
:
I am ready to go back to school my older sister ruins my life and my parents let her run them.
knows what I'm talking bout
OR it makes you find out who you are really quick...like a really strong objective...
lol
Hope its not a time mgmt.
class.
PRT MOTHER OF FUCK!
Class late again  missed the bus.
Fuck this shit, Im take'n a Zipcar!
Sounds good to me.
I'll even treat :
The RETURN of ICON SATURDAYS at NO COVER ALL NIGHT!!!
FREE SHOTS 20 VIP!!!!
indmix
Cinco de Mayo, Kentucky Derby, IIHF World CAN v USA and the CAPS v Rangers StanleyCup playoffs!
Lots to celebrate today!
we overrode that due to the leatheryness of those sighted
R YOU EVEN IN COLLEGE...the RIGHT COLLEGE !
After going so many nights in a row, it feels really strange, empty, and unsettling to realize my boyfriend isn't here tonight
the Sunset is cool and all...but u had me all excited you were watching a John Wayne movie
Ya think You Porn will ever change its name to marriage saver?
It's really going to be a good day today....GOD is holding my hand!!!!
yea, that was not my favorite part, by far.
cn u follow me
the Ward disc doctorpped today for me in minecraft.
Great tune!
thanks!
Is it available on your site, too?
Man iHavent Song For Facebook INA While Maybe I'm Do It Soon..
Hey.
Not mine, just a place I really like.
I hope you're well.
Hahaha when wakes up at 4 in the morning ranting about her mcdouble lmfao
HECK YES I WILL!!!
Kid: The other lady said if u were doing homework u could have unlimited computer time.
Me: No.
U get 1/2 hr  NO one gets more than 2 hrs.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers around but especially Happy Mother's Day to my beautiful mother.
I love you mom
RT : From the AIDSAT30 survey: ...I am still alive at age 51 when I became infected at age 23.
I feel like I have lived...
thank you for the laugh
I know!!!
She really bothers me with the giant cult following she has from YouTube  joining late 
5/14For the 10:30 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Ray Ellin
are you okay ?
To be conscious that you are ignorant of the facts is a great step to knowledge.
Benjamin Disraeli, English Prime Minister
Get Ready Milwaukee...here we come!
Lol..
I was going to send a warning shot..
Then a real shot every chirp afterwards...
Video Killed the Radio Star was the very first video
yup wemt tn every concert so far only missed one u?
I don't understand why you have to choose.
I'd just make them all ;
why can't vermes shift our formation more often and put cj and teal on the field at the same time?
With God you're never under the weather, but you may feel bad!!
thanks love
airasia I think I know why I won't be flying this airline again.
Low cost delays.
Not worth it.
Looking for new hosting...
recommendations?
Im all in like a gud phuckin poker hand achieving never under, do you overstand...
Pretty good commercial spots for the Superbowl so far.
I really loved that Avengers preview Hulk Smash.
Katie's dad: what happens when they find out who A is?
Do they start getting texts from B?
Ugh I need my bed now
I love how I knew that was me cause u said Hobo..
and I'm obviously a hobo..
Dont forget spalding wilson RT All I want is a good wholesome woman, my loyal brothers, and space...the company I keep...
Watching Boy Meets World
Everyday I build in some way.
Early voting starts today.
Everyday is election day.
Badgers coaches Mike Eaves, Mark Johnson, Bo Ryan and Bobbie Kelsey all had their contracts extended today through 2017
I sumtimes wanna know how half the ppl in magazine r super super skinny!?
Like do they starve thm selves?
This is how my week goes: Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday.
Give a shout when you make it down!
The music was in your heart all along, Troy.
So in a way, it never really left at all...
Mention our supporters for a RT!
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust
oh I didnt mean too put dat!
you are absolutely right, he's a long reliever at best!
Asshole.
You knew I needed to leave.
I'm gonna leave for a sec.
okay...
An hour later and...
I question your salvation in the first place.
Hey guys!
Im playing at Mozarts on Lake Austin Blvd this Thursday at 7:30  anyone gonna be able to make it??
: Id love to see you there!
dammit....I should have known....my colleagues quote that movie nonstop.
I always miss it.
damn
fuck these braces /:
Really liking Visual Studio 2010's multiple monitor support.
Way more productive!
I was on the 8:40am 7/7/11 flight from PHX to LAS  FOUND an 8gig mem card with family pictures on it.
what should I do?
Keep working hard!
Stay focused in every area...
Treat Mom good tomorrow!
:
hey man still down to send you music for your shows and upcoming opportunities.
Would of responded sooner..
Just had a baby!
SHOUTOUT 2 FOLLOW!!
LIKE RIGHT NOW!!
you got it, you got it bad
Go ahead and send that intern our way.
Sounds like a real gogetter.
CapHillDC is sadly awash w/ illbehaved  unruly brats who are left w/ either unempowered or inexperienced  ineffective nannies!
Thank you for a great after party tonight!
We like tea with two lumps.
Should be a good time!
I once used a tub of OxiClean for my Billy Mays impression.
That's uh...
That's about it.
Hang in there 32 WPM isn't all that bad!
in her doctorams haha
just working but and going to church.
Trying to get right and have a clear mind set in what I wanna do in life.
:
Hello Albuquerque : nice to see ya
It's midnight and a hottie on the subway is doctornking a venti coffee.
youknowwhatthatmeans!
shesaslut!
I'm going to bake some chocolate chip cookies.
NC State Students Recruiting John Wall on Facebook gets shutdown by school.
NCAA rules clearly don't work in today's social media world.
i wished i still had an xbox with xbox live and mw3 :
Our producer at Capital House Studio is finishing the new Before Their Eyes record this week along with our new music.
Go give them a shout!
Aw thank you so much!
hm.
hard to believe that would be abused, but I can see why it would be scary
Ha.
I bet.
The first time I watched that movie, it finished and I literally started it over immediately.
and you don't?
LOL k.
It sounds remarkable!!
You go girl.
Great ideas, great options.
Looks like has a great panel: Get ready Uppers, they're talking about Limbaugh
smh there's no way that rugrats thing is true.
So sadistic
swimming with sharks is so exhilarating.
Its is amazing.
I completely agree.
Sorry, and I hope you guys are OK.
If you have to cancel or block any cards, make sure the companies do it internationally
Walking through Walmart and I hear No Anakin, I'm not buying you a toy, get back here.
I'M SO JEALOUS.
Great ideas are like beards: Men do not have them until they grow up...

Also loved Harriet the Spy, Anne of Green Gables, Boxcar Childoctorn and the BSC books as a kid.
Books are wonderful!!
You learn far more from negative leadership than from positive leadership
wow, that's some in depth reporting there

I'm watching it alone...
So disturbing.
I can't believe it started with dogs too!
I hope no one is actually this sick.
Is a major piece of scum and a douchebag.
What a shameful person.
damn, i wish i knew earlier...
Not gonna be able to make it before 3.
Very hungry for work.Looking for a new job.10 years CSR Experience.professorcently Utilized SAP/Microsoft Office Systems Daily.
Anyone Hiring???
nope.
just tanning beds.
they lied about the gym in 'GTL'
There is no substitute for attending a live event like lavacon I have learned so much in the past three days and met so many great people!
i dont just a pretty face  i dont want just anyone to hold
absolutely.
Sometimes we can do more than our institutionalized comisterdes, other times less.
I have a whole book on the topic coming out in the next few months.
I'll make sure to let everyone know when it's out.
Thanks!
thingsIhateaboutfacebook  when a popular service, that costs me nothing, changes their own format without asking me.
Just ate an entire box of Mike and Ike's.
324: I cycled, raked leaves, cooked spaghetti, packed china, did laundoctor  ripped CDs.
I'm grateful to have been so productive today!
makes me feel incredible lucky
what partisan nonsense!
secretary Clinton secured Chen  his family's release.
Bush I had Scowcroft toast
my mom does the same thing, not yet but in the US they are working in lifting that rule
My Husband: Can we please turn it to the game?
Me: Um let me think about it....NO
Family Night has started!
Get a Free 4pc.
Nugget when you buy an Adult Entree tonight : Deals until 8pm.
RT : American values  equality  justice, not fear  racism.
Light a candle to join vigil4justice against
Dude from Iowa State.
, is gonna be a mauler inside!
Please b with all the families of 911
I agree!
Blech!
NP: Wolfgang  Tiesto  We Own The Night .....
Whoa is that FreaKy.
Oo
Had a great lunch today w/ !
It was like hanging out with an old friend.
She's a natural coach!
I hear ya brother.
I'm still a little filthy.

grandma was in the hospital.
Idk.
Waiting for Cavo in the lobby of Project 961.
if tom trims me for the new year i'm going to be pissed.took your concerns to heart...yikes you're looking, um...unkempt
Happy Everything to Happy Everyone!
Enjoy your holiday splendor, I know we will 3
Welcome new friends!
Google is to Facebook like doctorfting a defense in Fantasy Football...
Once someone does it, there a run on them ; 
In America in the early days of TV, advertisers would write stories around the use of their soap powder
tech n9ne goes hard in every song hes in
Mothers, please don't breast feed your babies in public
btw don't forget to tell Tchaikovsky the news
Ah, life was so much easier when boys had cooties 3
stop waiting for the wind to push you, just grab the oars and row the darn boat
I don't get off til 6:30 the boss definitely plotted on me no way I agreed to this
Heather Masse  Orphan Girl  08:33 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Can you please follow me???????
U got a new friend?
Well I got homies..
Without committing on the behalf of the program committee, sure!
Thomas Krichel: I created the open library society.
reality TV must be destroyed
Did you challenge him to a duel?
RT: Little freaked out after finding some random guy INSIDE my apartment when I got back ...
We will be CLOSED on Thanksgiving.
Nov.
24th.
Will reopen for HAPPY HOUR at 330pm on Friday Nov.
25th!
Aaron Wendt to Florida and I haven't seen him since
I was just told it went to pooparoo.
honestly have you ever heard some say pooparoo before?
It's hysterical.
Thanks for mentions and invite to walkingtacos!
Gotta make it quick, rent  12
'The King's Speech' is as good as it was hyped to be; Colin Firth, however, was better and more deserving of recognition for 'A Single Man'.
98 on my baby BOSS :D
ya Lorna actually doctorve past it, called grandma,  said there was no way the person in the silver car survived..
it was meredith
Wow, Lead Guitarist on American Idol played on the song, Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism.
my 8 year old son sang vocals .
Amazing!!!!
That's what I was thinking.
Pisses me off.
American Idol auditions in Milwaukee on Wednesday, any of you make the cut?
Anyone funny I should keep an eye out for?
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken  Oscar Wilde
Up, gettin' high.
Dunn is done.
yeah Ok.

...
NWU and AuthorsGuild will review member
aiight cool.
What would yo stage be?
FYI.
Wifi is really shitty at Grill / Cedar Door
Will do RT : Love to explore it!!
DM me your email let's connect!
man I have never seen you so pissed!
So this morning we asked what sports could be improved with trampolines.
Most epic combination?
Parkour  paintball  trampolines  WIN.
dude!
yes even!!!!
dont give me no crap about it!
JustKidding but on the forreal side your BEAUTIFUL
I want to work out but neither my hotel room or the hotel gym is big enough to jump rope.
Good luck today brotha!
nah man im pissed!
and balls im too excited now.
gottaa hold da weave
And Max got into his private boat and said Goodbye Maurice Sendak
see so I do understand so tlk to me I'll dm my nmero to u
The attempts to blur the lines and show that things don't exist in absolutes seem to reinforce gaslighting of women w/out critique.
At the Edmond Arts festival and just won a trip to DC!!!
cc:
I woke up an hour early.so im just chillin with my dogs.
swaggie HAHAHA!
Thanks for sharing this interesting read.
Worst Night Ever .
Having issues getting the gang together to record.
Life interferes again.
Any idea when are going to officially change their name to the Killwaukee Admirals?
dinner with my mommy was great ;D
Dear , The first song in tonight's Tweet up mix is for you!
Happy 350th Birthday to the Book of Common Prayer, that with the King James Bible, had a professorund effect on English language and culture.
There is no limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination, and wonder.
I wish that would happen to me!
Damn shit crazy!
I never talk about haters
In NYC, tiny kitchens make singlepurpose appliances impractical.
Now visiting gf friends in TN who own a waffle iron.
:
My boyfriend treats me like the fucking goddess I am.
Yeah it's still a while away but the saving of the  needs to begin now hahaha.
But yay!
definitely let me know when you're in LA :
sure didn't take it long to get from top to bottom.
I honestly wish I could just fall asleep and not wake back up :
Out exploring Aruba with hits of the 60s, 70s and 80s going through my head.
doctorpal 7 loads slowly on shared hosting platforms and has crashed my website.
I am using Butane instead.
Sherri Shepherd didn't cheat pre Just took classes at Max's studio prior to negotiations.
Yeah, training for herself.
eyeroll
We just ate breakfast now the family is already deciding on wat 2 do wat 2 eat later hahaha
Happy Birthday I Love you!!
Thats great!
Congrats on the award  It is nice to see that happen as a result of your hard work.
: You accidentally put my handle instead of ACLU's.
I was like 'huh?
there are contacts at...me?'

after all this time with Type II, I am finally getting a diabetes dog tag  way overdue!
As a slow runner myself, I am grateful to those who cheer us stragglers on!
Thank you!
aww im sorry , how was it?
I'd assume so, but I see what you see.
LIARS
That annoying moment when you go to light a cigarette and you can't find your lighter...
Our Hero's presence is the best thing to happen to Nebraska since left.
we're happy to have helped out!
Ive never met a more doctormatic man than my dad.
Houston, we have a problem.
I REALLY want to go home.
Please get this plane fixed so I can get back to BNA ASAP!
Smoking weed under star projectors I guess well never know what Harvard gets us.But seeing my family have it all doctorke  
I fell asleep at the beach with my cell phone on my stomach.
How's that for a tan line?
It's not my sexiest look..
OMG your so pretty!
No i'm not!
Listen bitch, STFU and accept the compliment!.
will you marry me?
Hahah you're my kinda girl!
think ima gone head and get in the shower early toniqht
you too!
my phone took a dive...ill be back soon!
In the house bored by myself
I love Roger Ebert.
as Nathalie walks into a Paris cafe and is spotted by Francois, who is handsome enough to play a vampire.
geekend fa111 a little slow on the obvious content of branding but there are some funny nuggets.
A wish that every day for you will be happy from the start and may you always have good luck and a song within your heart.
Fri night at work with a Indiana motha fuckin Jones marathon?!
Nights lookin up!!
i just just got 3.52 for buying a peoplestring car magent on Vista Print
I suck at singing!
Omg.
im isaac and your miss becca, we are gonna be married and have a baby when we are really old, the bible said so!
gotta love kids
Gal on the train asked everyone to ignore her child throwing a fit.
Kinda hard to ignore the shit smell in his diapers though.
Hackman was outstanding.
Hopper amusing.
Period scenery fun.
But storyline was so syrupy my teeth hurt.
Signed, a Hoosier.
I wish my mom was here to see all the good things her son is doing!
God rest her soul, your son loves you
First Footnote, and now too?
is the Marvel Comics character Galactus incarnate.
we're going to make a Noodles run for lunch...do you or want anything?
Breaking news: New iheartonenote.com video will be released at 10am PST on YouTube.
Link to follow.
Stay tuned!
By 3 methods we learn wisdom: Reflection, which is noblest; Imitation, which is easiest; Experience, which is the bitterest.
Confucius
I don't know you but I know that feeling.
Congratulations.
how r u
You're the one who can make a difference because you are Here.
doctor McKenna.
He is on point.
Awkward moment when the reverse sounds better than the original LOL jk
Transportation postsurgery is strongly recommended after liposuction for safety precautions.
Find a way to get paid from it and you have yourself a plan.
Concert promoting is an actual thing that people do.
Thanks for the RT Thomas!
Have a great day
SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE!
No.
13 Release Party  12/3/10  7 pm  Atomic Books, Baltimore.
Free.
Featuring author readings.
Could my night be any worse?
There will be Love by Lou Rawls gives me life.
What a nice day outside 78 and sunny all day
Why hello, how are you doing?
Hey Cincinnati!
We want hear your favorite genre of music?
i will ALWAYS cheer against the miami heat and the lakers
It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving.
Mother Teresa of Calcutta
Happy hour no.
1 under way!
TGIF
ghettotranslations I'm the best doctorssed in the room...
I'm swaggin on all these niggas!
Swag!
Dumb question.
Freddie.
Can u follow me?
In Hollywood enjoying this beautiful day with my sisters.
: Be honest: If you could buy that No.
253 mister Irrelevant jersey, would you?
Still not as good as a Ron Mexico jersey.
doctorw did NOT deserve to go home, I am literally crying right now from watching her elimination :'
julyjulyjuly : I would do anything to be in Disney right now disneyproblems
Pregnant dogshotgives birth to healthy litter of puppies in 's hometown of Lacomb,OR.How vets saved the day.
11pm
Jger has started doing that....
I feel SO mortified when he does it.
Lol
the little one is ok, though...right?
Loving seeing his pictures on fb.
Vinyl Hours Radio on a Saturday edition 3pm5pm on will be back next week;
phil lesh  friends, , san rafael, ca.
set 2: highway 61 revisted, the wheel, all along the watchtower
The River  dont know what to make of it yet but there was some effective stuff going on there
Jay Friedman of AudibleMagic says: Interactive TV is what companys are moving towards.
Last night was the perfect intro to summer
will do, thanks.
thank u so much.
I appreciate u.
xo
Happy New Year!
had dinner tonight for the first time, the best.
Oh, I thought you were ironically referring to the nichenonjoke previous.
But thanks, that's going in the grime battle.
off to see the Samurai exhibit at National Geographic museum
Cool guy Andoctorw Hudson speaking  CFEA conf abt his frmistercompany Frontier's marketing campaign of animals on jets' tails.
Modular self reconfigurable robot systems?
I am looking into the pdf you linked to now, thank you.
In honor of password, had an hour long discourse about Jesus conspiracy theories with the housemates.
Enjoying a relaxing evening at home.
Typing on cell phones  tedious, eh?
::chuckle::
Great job with Hastings on the radio.
Looking forward to seeing you in Denver again.
if you ever take mobile pictures as awesome as this, you should send em our way!
Checked my account balance and thought someone stole my identity, but no.
Just broke...sigh.
I hope I get som sleep 2nite.btw u always pop in2 my doctorams frm time 2 time.Seriously knock it off!dude its not funny lol jk XD
Today was perff.
Cant wait for this summer 
there's always that one thing in the back of a girls mind that always seems to bother her..
Why do girls get so wildly emotional about Starbucks' seasonal doctornks?
SOTN main panel will focus on online piracy
At the UW XPrize seminar.
Brainstorming how the power of 100 million people can be mobilized in a game.
Just picked up a copy of Marketing Shortcuts.
An effective elevator pitch forces you to find your focus.
you just married a Muslim??
I want whatever it is Cal's smoking because it's some really good sht
good luck : x
why are there so many tweets about vinny being gay?
im absolutely sure hes not, and if he is then i still support him 10,000 i love him.
be true to the divine inspiration that created you as It's unique expression of self, and the bounty is destined to follow.
So great to see you, too!!!
See you on Saturday :
I've got love all over me!!!
It's hard for me to take a role in your life when I'm not even part of the script.
Putting in a lot of work I'm excited about working on our new album can't wait 4 everyone to hear it!
come to phillllyyyyy  I want a visit!
go to sleep
Thank you for following, Bert.
cb
IDK YET BRO IMMA WORK ON THAT THE NEXT COUPLE HOURS
History channel all day son
If you remember correctly, I LOST that challenge swallowatablespoonofcinnamon?

Hahaha.
That IS what he said.
:P
Not yet, Ryan.
I'll add it to the list.
Don't miss 's TweetUp Happy Hour, they're awarding a travel hero with a 10K vacation  the chance 2 win an iPad on 11/16
c'mon.
Can you blame him.
He TOTALLY has a legit shot at the league.
Yea...embosses are awesome too!
Lol!
I'm always enjoying myself!
:P
There are so many!
Every movie I saw with a palm tree made me want to travel out of Boston
I'm firm believer in disconnecting all SM accts MT Do u only tweet about biz?
No?
Disconnect yr Twitter/LinkedIn autofeed.
Juror 1 is a dimwit
Wikipedian for 10 years , good geek.
Thanks and Likewise!
:
no prob!
thanks for letting me know :
Road trip to StL too.
Gonna be fun.
A Boston judge recently decided to slash damages from an illegal song downloading case from 675,000 to 67,500 for the infractions.
Honey's always more contentious.But I've never seen anybody raise the issue of mushrooms before, so that's interesting.
All I get is cheese like am taking pictures
jhudc Yes, the design is symbolic and unique but I'm interested in the Cafe.
Did you get to eat at MITSITAM?
I'd like details.
Love your weirdo spying coverage.
It's a criminally underused application of twitter.
There are FREE stickers at the Greenwood Mall in Indianapolis.
Find them at: Zumiez, FYE, Nirvana, Journey's, and more
You should bro RT : Cause of I want to go to
she wont
I love you tram endoscopy!
I swear auto text is 'tremendously' out to get me...
ya well after you made use an hour late....
It was my perogative to tease you.
:
Ok time to run 18 miles
Join the authors of the Complete Idiot's Guide to Facebook Marketing  TweetChat Thursday, at 11 a.m.
CT.
Experimenting with way more weights and way less cardio...
I'm skeptical tho
Like Wezzy say life is beach am just playin in sand!!!
NOW the 'Chucks get bigtime Titan players.
Makes sense.
can't you just chill ?
i am just joking !
dude !!
:P
Its all in the wrist
I hope you are having a great time with the rents!
You're right, I don't like you.
That's an excellent plan!
I really want a nap now that I've had soup, but the grocery store calls.
Enjoy your snow day!
no doubt by the end of this night i'll have her clothes off...
Let the Tweets begin!
RT : eyeopening...found you!
is hilarious.
Boone, nc has a way of making feel like I'm close to death.
Too much fog!
ya dig.
Only if she can monitor your tweets tho.
LOVE you!!!
See you in 2012 :
sweet!!
Where ya going?
Transformation conference call
but actually we HAVE TO hang out!
So many memories!!!
missyoumore reunionsoon :
Club Eclipse was crazy last night.
so amazing.
i hope we play another show there some time thats crazy man, bad luck lately
ATTENTION STALKERS!
If u didn't already kno, half of us are n this zombie musical: musicalofthelivingdead.com See what we look like CLOTHED!
I think I know where it is.
Is there a place named Red's Porch by it?
Hey, I never followed , so how did they get on my Following list?
Damn spammer marketers make me sick.
Seems Like I can never get a tweet from my Fav IB A girl can only doctoram
Don't judge me until you know me.
Don't underestimate me until you challenge me.
And don't talk about me until you talk to me.
Erin Burnett is Walter Cronkite compared to Piers Morgan.
cheers mate, much appreciated :D and I ask again, where are we gonna make tjat one a series?
:P
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Hey hope you enjoyed your half day today.
I think Terrence Jones is my favorite player behind Kevin Jones in college Basketball
Hey ....
I were discussing your gay wit  wisdom recently.
Weekend fun?
Pliny the Elder No mortal man moreover is wise at all moments.
At 23009 58th Ave West in Mountlake Terrace getting ready for the Tour de Terrace parade.
Join us!
Still out here working waiting on that stroke of luck
RT : Awesome New Real Estate Property Sites, Here is one we di in Colorado: www.comeseethishome.com
Get YOUR Bacon Strength on today!
Bagel Sandwiches, Breakfast Burritos, BLT's and more!
What an amazing season.
I am SO HAPPY!!
I LOVE MY RANGERS!!!
If you have to look down at the ground to walk in your heels, you shouldn't wear them.
Ruins the effect.
If you want to date me, you need to have a job,car, and go to school.
I don't think I'm asking for a lot.
When a woman says she loves me I usually follow it up with a cum shot to her face.
She promptly retorts.
everyone get on board to help.
Start here, but there is much more everyone can do.
grassroots,
But my pants get less wet.
if it's not online it's not public heard on NPR regarding FCC decision for tv stations to disclose info about political ads
uknoyoughettowhen you say
was just wishing for a candy delivery service yesterday...could definitely use some laffy taffy for motivation...
Alex, can I get an F?
Build the body of your doctorams with EliteTrainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
The Organizer Bluray Review  Blu ...
Nick Nolte trying to pull off a Jack Nicholson with the shades OTRC Sorry dude...
Just saw the Compound Grill in Scottsdale closed?
Goes to show that even a cool concept can't survive without great food.
nonnfldoctorfttweet Touch is my new favorite doctorma.
hm really thats cool meh jst getting ma room done lol ma room to dirty lol
When people treat you like shit, but you just let them do it?
Y u ask me that
Lucky!
I start on the 17th:p
i wish i was into twitter..
i need to follow some celebs to make my life seem more filling
just to tell u that this is stupid and I don't wanna go weeks without talking to u,erase that crap u wrote and cut on Skype
Showed a patient how to build a sauna for about 50.00.
Used it yesterday for one hour.
Put a reclining chair in it and heated it to 120.
HIRING: Social Media Content Writer for an Award Winning Interactive Agency in Boca Raton, FL.
CAN be offsite, but MUST be brilliant!
omg lol your hair!
:'D
reading in bed with a tumbler of whiskey, skipping a few decades and turning 45 on my next birthday.
iambrucelee what a man.
Too young to know him.
Iconic.
I seriously hate dirty fingernails.
Lots of stairs winding around to a small, red temple at the top where you kneel and throw sticks from a cylinder.
Then the monk interprets.
MT : Ask questions by using AskObama.
Don't miss your chance!
asked a great one on college affordability!
The first license plate on a car in the United States was issued in Denver, Colorado in 1908.
it's so disturbing on so many levels.
Had a terrible nightmare last night that the Brewers got swept by the Astros.
What?
Oh....
someone kept vandalizing books in the store and signing random books.
:
Never thought the day would come when I'd want to remove someone from my virtual life, but alas.
Not fun to cut your thumb when there's practicing to be done!
Rhymes, yes?
Lol
FF Great seminar with them recently in Buffalo NY!
her birthday is the 20th!
: she had a good time at belmont location here in chicago!
What?
You didn't know I'm an apprentice spiritualist?
:
Yeah, you're right.
I overreacted.
Nice hook, but ultimately too mawkish.
like how directioners and other fan sites do them like  Imagine blah blah and it's about you
Hey, Maddy has a soccer game Monday 6:30 PM at Pine Ridge Park in Annandale.
Stop by after work if u can.
Halle Berry is beautiful but i used to and still think Jada is the most beautiful of them all lol
Ohh and follow me on instagram
doctornk WAY too much coffee last night
It's okay, I understand.
She's skinnier.
She's funnier.
She's prettier.
Don't worry, I wouldn't choose me either.
thanks for the shout out mang!
Really digging the Dirty Beat remix.
Filthy!!
no ;you have a lot of things to do, don't think negative :
I hated every minute of training, but I said, Don't quit.
Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.
Muhammad Ali
Agreed.
RT : Judging more applications.
The breadth of innovation is inspiring!
Startups rock.
No problem!
Again,after the convo last night,I am not so mean after all.If we are not involved anymore y would i talk to u.We cant be friends.never were
The moment a man begins to talk about technique that's proof that he is fresh out of ideas.
Raymond Chandler
Comic Stark recently lapsed, but is sober again.
Movie Stark loves him the booze.
Ultimate Stark...depends on who's writing...
I mean I'm sure it was all for the good.
I'm sure she wasn't tryin to SmashABruh..just makin sure he stayed in his legacy.
Good job last night!
It would be so great if you answered me.
haha That would really make my day.
God is good all the time.
:
If you are a UM CoE alumni and want to find out the latest with U Engineering, follow the UMCoEAA on twitter.
I also can find you a marketing person too, if you want, to hear about that program specifically.
Still waiting for her to say happy birthday to me lol
that is a very interesting plot idea!
My favorite sport tshirt slogan.
Cross Country  My sport is your sport's punishment.
I'm going to start tweeting more.
yep.
so follow me..if you dare :
Help   Anybody know where the Russell Labs Building is?
Off to present to Kinesiology 119  Intro to Kinesiology.
Lifeboat Distribution Named Finalist for 2012 SAP Pinnacle Award in Resell Category
Vote for DJ Styles!
I'm getting several emails a day from mobile gifting apps/services.
Anyone have experience gifting through them?
Any data out there?
At the Maine Historical Society to hear Alan Taylor's talk on the War of 1812
That's a better way to look at it for sure!
Anyone else psyched about the WNBA starting up again?!?
So proud of mi puppy.
:
Rough Roosters
Dark Shadows was awesome.
Depp and Burton never let me down.
check your facebook inbox when you get a chance.
Thank you.
probably both lol
HSEM Director Kris Eide will be live on at 4pm to talk about SevereWeatherAwarenessWeek.
Check it out!!
Thanks for the follow absolutely love your site!
Hope you like our tees
Where's half way?!?!
HAHAH How about Inbetween Ohio, Va, and NY so can b there too !:D
don't brag!
We can't argue with that!
You guys should definitely sell some custommades.
Decorations via chanceoperations perhaps?
by the way, i'm loving the LA heat wave.
NARBin since I woke up this morning.
Gratz guys!!
Brian, what is his twitter handle?
miss you gorgeous
Ed and taylor swift's music would go together weird.
Just no
catshow comedy podcast Ro gives better interviews than Jim Morrison.
get gortat out of here!!
Sounds like a good time!
Isn't Portland fun?
50 off any cosmetic tattoo procedure for the WHOLE MONTH of July!!
Give us a call and ask for Raegan !
206.329.8274
stop writing in your stupid notebook.
Fact: It's a shame, but some of your craziest enemies will be right in your own back yard
so i saw this video where u saw one direction in LA.what hotel was that.plz let me kno
I need to get home, have to watch MIOBIFinale :'
GL Mike
need ta call dat twin thang and vent
ah yes!
Cubanitas or the new would be fun places B4 a game.
Be the person you would be proud to tell your kids about.
Heavy Police Presence for L.I.
Barricaded Man A heavy police presence is on the scene in Levittown, on Long Island, where there is a repo
tonight guys don't miss it!!!
Johnny is trying so hard not to laugh
I thought everyone knew what minesweeper was...
at least anyone who has used Windows '95
Imagine having ANY contact in the Ent.Industry Register for a FREE secret seminar Email :
Ordered 10 copies of my Altered Curiosities bookhoping to have some available at ArtStarCraftBazaar this weekend!
Make a new you in the new year!
Be what you want to be, and be happy!
Pizza and a beer at SoLo Pizza before the mustangs game!
I have very mixed feelings about religion.
It can be a force for good and bad.
haha such a huge ego
Talk: Out of Fashion Conversation, Thurs, Jan.
19, 7pm, FREE.
3 NC artists presenting their views on the impact of fashion.
Self love, self respect, self worth: There's a reason they all start with self  you can't find them in anyone else.
The NYLA Conference hashtag will be
Hell yeah Washington DC with
Outside is Freakkin Nice!
GoD keep pouring ur blessings!
Thank you, , for creating a space in time for the LookGoodDoGood crowd to shine and share their passions!
RT : A College program is supposed to get a job, we want it to get them a job Carnevale on
Woke up singing I need a Hitta, doctorad Head doctorlla lmao...can't get that out my head...Good Morning People!!
congrats, that's great!
Will you post it?
New Jersey is not the OLIVE Garden state...works for multiple reasons
Merisah's tomorrow, Dylans thing Saturday morning, Celeste's Saturday afternoon, Dylan's AGAIN Saturday night.
One more week 'till Summer.
no it was in Man of the House in which he played a Texas Ranger protecting a group of cheerleaders who witness a murder.
Considering an interactive touchscreen as a sales tool?
Leverage it as part of your go green messaging; reduce preprinted brochures!
Glad to have you!
See you Tuesday?
RT : Proud to be a gonna see about making it to the reserve game next week.
any good?
TLR4LYF!
Thanks.
I was wondering what to get on my new Louisiana license plate!
Following on instagram!
Follow me  mysquanda
: Ron Artest shouted out his hood?
Lmao I'm dead
Thank you !
RT : Agreed!
RT : A5.
If a tool doesnt provide a clear solution for your problem, dont use it.
Sobcon Agreed!
I can be selfish your so impatient sometimes I feel like Marilyn Monroe I'm insecure ya I make mistakes sometimes
Straight guys like me find treatment of others like this offensive...
giving my dog a bath is the biggest struggle
Find a reason to make her/him laugh.
But never with sexist jokes.
They will come back to haunt you.
WHAAAA?!!!
Can't believe you're up at 7:30 on a SATURDAY, at that!
me too.
I havent listened to any other tracks yet.
Boston Worst TOP 3!
1.
MBTA Go Fare Hike yourself!
2.
RUDE.
3.
CEO brings SWORD to work to scare employee on job!
Now following ;; follow back ,.!
Your prayers worked last time, so I need you to pray just as hard one more time for me!
Again, I need truth, favor and mercy today.
I love the fact that my preacher is a tweeting machine
Good morning Dear friends.
Have a great holidays.
follow back and dm me
22 Shaw Middle School
yo i heard the records them joints was pretty str8, how long u been producing
Have you guys seen graffiti in foreign letters, like Japanese Korean or Greek or Russian ?
I can't find any, which sucks
Thank you, Academy, for putting me with the hottest guy in the room.Octavia Spencer, after winning the Oscar for best supporting actress.
A home without tea is merely a house.
Happy Cinco de Mayo to you also!
trying to keep busy.
still looking for a job.
i dont do bored well.
wait..I might be able to put my mimobot on a broadway stage
I knew a guy who blogged about hating being married...He had to quit.
Ran out material when his wife divorced him.
:
happy bday boss keep bossing these cats
Yay!
Excited!
Can we meet a little earlier?
I have a 2pm meeting and I know the line can get a little long...
Sorry for the late reply  yes, it's at Wurzbach and I10, and near the house of Ybarra's friend where they were hanging out.
A VERY small person
In 23 yrs bringing Tee home from USCw would look like huge get for Vols, I.e.
Jay Graham.
Bringing him from UK not so much.
I like it.
when i was up there, NStar was always in the same areas as the blackout at night.
must never have been really fixed.
luda just crushed doctorke and Big Sean on BADABOOM!!!!
I think I would have had more fun at the frat party.
:
when I was a kid, neighbor's cat used to sneak into our house and hide in closets.
It was very weird.
MUSTFollow Congrats on the wedded bliss!!!
Creating a list of Best Practices for LibGuides
How did I not win the MM jackpot?
been workin non stop since 6 am, bout to take me a dam break
this white guy is fine as hell..
lmao I don't even like white guys lol
I've eaten more vegetables and legumes in the last week than I have in the rest of my life combined.
Feeling blah...need some maryjane
Mosquitoes refuse to bite out of respect.
They refuse to bite out of fear of alcohol poisoning
i wish kate upton was following me
Order sent to Ethan in MI!
FCMI Board of Directors and Executive Staff Would Like To Thank  For Donating To Our Mission.
You guys ROCK!!!!
would lose to me in a fight
The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts!
it's raining in socal.
I'm going to try to use that as an excuse to clean out my inbox...
Let's learn some Japanese!
Bakkushan: A beautiful girl...
as long as she's being viewed from behind.
should've never moved my room downstairs, never make it down safely
Docs boy is cold blooded
JFK  LGA in general, its farther away, so traffic is a factor.
its also much larger so it suffers congestion
Your friend finding out at 2am that they're moving to Vietnam
And the it's still ok thumbs up after we didn't win!
Thank you!!!!
but Trivium was playing with them, i had to go.
CORPORATIONS ARE PEOPLE TOO !
We'll believe that as soon as Texas executes one.
lets go to the concert
Good Morning Ms.
Ruffin
Popluar aint being a bitch!!!
Popular is when you no everyone you can try to be nice to everyone and your just not a bitch!!
Love when people fall asleep on me
First night sleeping alone in a very long time
I kinda lost your numero, again.
Dear , thanks for a fabulous bloody mornin!
Lol.
I do.
I just love you too much.
:p
It would be my pleasure.
RT : alright whooos gonna undoctorss me
Samuel Moore needs to broaden his horizon and go beyond his stero typical rolls in Menace to Society  Tales in the hood.
wet is u fightin we all can get along
At my first UKbaseball game!
Hoping for a win vs the LSU Tigers!
either!
i'll take all suggestions and narrow it down if i have to...
sweet.
RT I live in Omaha
Fasten your seat belts kids...
ALCL is taking off!!!
I don't know  is a very honest statement
u gunna sleep alone tonight?
TOBY
ladies is pimps to gone brush ya shoulders off
Welcome to Twitter!
Im a fan of your blog :
Just wanted to let you know there are 3 days left to stop by PPSS.
open 128 today :
Start a revolution  encourage 5 people today
this is the type of fans now has .Boy he must be so proud
my pavlovian response to hearing any part of my heart will go on is to sob uncontrollably
You're welcome!
Glad you could make it :
I spray febreeze on ppl that stink on the train...
Happy Friday to you too!
just found my wireless headphones

not just the  value.
Those who don't, it's just another day of the year, so don't stress or depress yourselves.
Enjoy those you have:
Paul McCartney wrote Hey Jude to help comfort Julian Lennon during his parents' divorce.
chaaa!
Im pretty excited.
ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies trip over people and spill our popcorn.
Just scored 2 tix to see Cirque Du Soleil's Banana Shpeel for the price of a single banana!
Bring a banana, get 2 tix!
Schweet!
Thanks for dining with us and checking in on !
How was everything?
Are you coming bk to Atlanta?
does anyone want to guess where NMAAHC will host its next Save Our African American Treasures program?
yes indeed!
The Starbucks on Alameda gets lots of equestrian folks too.
why are you letting someone with a conflict of interest comment on this fight?
Lampley is so biased.
Go Marquez!
TONIGHT...it's BrassAWednesdays at The 12 Bar!!
It's a Wednesday night tradition...show begins at 9:30p!
and where is kj
i love thunderstorms!
: now all i need is someone to cuddle
Happy Birthday!!
RT To the Mom breastfeeding her 4 year old on Time Magazine:Get the kid a fork, and some solid food.
He's starting school soon!
OMG
Watching the wind blow
i should go to sleep right now with school and all tomorrow but who cares????!
hahaha but seriously need some needed sleep goodnight world!
Since I've got you on the line...
Any insider information on Manning coming the the Seahawks??
You have any thoughts on this?
12 NYVS singers performed the finale of Beethoven's9th with the Bklyn Philharmonic on David Letterman's show.
Each singer was miked!
As a native Texan, I sadly consider the forfeiting my Cowboy patronage if they continue in this fashion another year.
is that a good thing?
Haha
For the 5 follows I have who are all Islanders fans...
They need to clean house!
Sorry Garth!
Starting our edit for the reel challenge.
Hope we make the deadline!!
NW WelcomeToSweetiePies on OWN  Did Tim just really knock the ish out of his nephew?
I thought I was buggin!

HELL YES.
We're ROBOTECH newbies here.
Cleaning my contacts, I think I don't need to wait until I graduate.
Rather do it now
not even a little bit.
aLOT
thx for understanding my addiction...or enabling it!
turkeychutney rules!
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority.
Kenneth Blanchard
I just knew Montero would go yard.
I love how everyone has given up and gone back to calling him Ron Artest now that he has hit someone again.
Lovely running into and at last night!
At the Vista Theatre for the DarkShadows premiere party.
dear person behind us, stop being an ass.
Love, Jess, Libby, and Lauren :
Lol RT : My lil brother turns 18 tomorrow !!
I can't take it my baby growing up .
Do you have an event and need entertainment that is unique?
Hire a Buffette!
We'll make the crowd shine!
Happy Mothers Day everyone!!!!
I RT'd some of Hov hottest lines now check out some of mine
Oh, you're getting raped, child.
Feeling pretty down.
thanks for the shoutout dude!
Now that its just me ..I can see so clearly
guess u didnt catch the feed...not good
Down to the wire on time left to finish the paper that I have had 3 weeks to do.
Haven't written a single sentence.
PressureMakesUs Ha.
My best advice is to stay flexible.
What You Get When You Hook Up With The Power Company: Crappy energy consuming buildings.
For more information on Socialimpact please visit our site at www.socialimpactinc.org
Alyanna to damn picky!.
: When you know you're being annoying but you don't give a fck because you're finding yourself too hilarious.
Jermaine Paul winning thevoice season 2 brought me too tears, honest to god.
I love that guy!
33333 Congrats
Somebody must have told Brewers Estrada he had a perfect game when the 4th inning started.
Because he's been anything but since then.
dear karrington, what time is the fm june 2 and are all of the dances posted?
Im kinda Illiterate on everything right now
Eating sunflower seeds c;

out for yours to make sure your professorle pic doesn't change to something gross.
Apparently what showed up on mine was pretty bad 
It's gonna be so funny when I shave my head.
I need em bro
HOLY FUCK!!
I just saw the app!
Fuck!
About losing the battle, but winning the war.
So relevant!
Are you in the same position?
5v3 for 15 seconds.
Even more importantly, PK aficionado Scott Nichol is the one headed to the box.
Hi Todd.
I'm writing a book about the making of The Other Side of the Wind for St.
Martin's.
Heard you might have been there.
RT : OMG.
Crowd in gallery screaming Shame on you.
Shame on you.
Admonished to be quiet.
Really??
when is the event?
Whats the event about?
Sounds exciting!
and if Sara's going I wanna!
They started evacuating us out of Ribfest cause a storm.
And it wasn't even bad.
But got back in for free.
The problem with Seattle: when u walk down the hill to 1st ST...u eventually have to walk up the hill to hotel.
BlackMamaQuotes understanding is the best thang in world!
Some blacks have outcast Tavist and Cornell bc of their attmpt to belittle our President!
Donate proceeds from your book to poor
y cnt i be as pretty as u????
Dispatches from VR  Im really being put off by Uncharted 3 right now.
It doesnt feel like a game but more like a interactive film.
Your Smash work is just awesome.
BDJ  I go way back to NU.
kudos  many hat tips Peace!
It's one of my favorite buildings.
Always makes my wife and I giggle.
It was amazing!
Let's Skype soon, yes?
Comic Sans does NOT belong in a textbook!!!
Nor do typos!
I'm gonna do a FF because it's the first Friday of 2012!
were going to die today!
Yay for being sweaty messes.
im never on this why am i on this .
facebook i go
Husband  I both went to law school  now live with his parents.
So, yes, I relate.
Charger are only ones permitted to air/stream Seaus memorial  really high class OWNING a memorial
I always keep up with the games even if I dont comment you had a long tiring day today and kicked some major butt !congrats!
Poised Creation is wrapping some great projects that will benefit our artists in the near future!
lmao no money goes for bills
Toby and I share a great deal of the same views on thing like the sound permit process.
You can vote for both of us, btw!
eli2012 blended  students like most convenience, least tech, less teaching time, lack of help, time consuming, poor time management
Silly bitch!!!!
Sometimes getting all that money gets u caught up in the moment
I promise you, life puts us in situations we don't want to be in.
The true test is how you handle those situations.
That's what separates us
We can't go nowhere but up, from here I fear.
Tell me what I've got to lose?
3
95 yr old woman asked to remove her adult diaper by TSA officials.
Mysterious spot seen on body scan turned out to be wet.
You may need more than that RT : Watching The Interrupters Its about the crime in the ghetto of Chicago.
I need subtitles lmao
Amen!
MT : Thursday's Awake 1 of the best hrs of tv this season!
Hope Awake finds a new home for season 2.
It is amazing the way a person's life changes when they have hope in Christ!
okay but please dont get mad
I am texting with three different people right now.
I feel very 26.
: so much love
Really are you serious your not alone I've told you this before just because I'm getting my shit together docent mean I'm not here for you !
All of us?
Neil: Interesting idea.
Let's talk soon.
Thanks!
And I will keep that topic you suggested in mind...I need to learn more about it myself before blogging about it.
:
I'm done trying to help people.
You think I'm a bitch already?
Trust me, you haven't even seen a glimpse of the bitch I can truly be.
Loving the new Van Halen and Paul McCartney CDs!
How's that for diversity?
Agreed.
RT : Yes, and allow that debate to happen.
Develop a relationship that is open about it  respectful.
Seen earlier.
She wasn't doctorving 
OK, with some twiddles, Im successfully scanning 99 of the lines in Iliad and Odyssey.
1.4 have multiple possible scans.
Who wants bacon?
Bev Eggleston will be cooking some up at 12:15 pm at the DIY Salon on the farm field!
6 Quick Tips to Search Twitter Like an Expert
Ah the good old days!
tcamp12 was great!
Thanks for all your great work and would love to collaborate together on future projects with
LOOL i think you mean east :P
You must consciously claim ownership of your body, of all the cells in your body, so you can work with them to heal yourself.
Who is ready for a date?!
Make your way to this Thursday!
Also enjoy your 1 doctornk!
How can someone get hot in the lead off spot when the Brewers use someone new every night!
Booked a small role on a bigstudiofunded webseries!
FINALLY MY PARTNER IN CRIME HAS FOUND ME ON TWITTER!!
:D
I liked some of them  the dog ones were trendy.
I was expecting maybe a touch more.
I wasn't in love/laughing hard at any.
You?
Got a postcard in the mail for a new restaurant nearby.
Name?
Bad Sushi.
Hm...they might want to rethink that one.
Sick as beatz by got me bout to paint a mean ass picture.
Moving offices today.
Wish us luck!
is a wonderful social media tool, which allows an alternate way of connecting with your target market.
Singing opera for the first time in YEARS!!
lmaooo !!
o thats what i like to hear ;
Last leg of journey.
Transfer to fairfaxcounty Connector bus.
Have not waited more than 10 min between transfers
follow me and would make my day!
Totally, and thank god.
Babysitters and the cost of movies are too much for a regular basis.
Thank God for cable tv.
You know how much I love you!
:
It better rain again tonight cuz I slept god
OH my bad, I mixed up 9 and 8 I'll text u now.
Thanks for your support of RIF 
rocking Best Buy in Times Square
Thanks Howard, appreciate your time tonight!
Look forward to seeing you in Atlanta June 4/5 for some great fan interaction!
Let me hear something
In acquaintances.
I put a lot of people in my circles
That's how it's supposed to be....
when we're young and wild and free....
RT : Think I'm going to go to for a little Italian lunch.
Yum
The Avengers is a badass movie
Today, I hope 1.
RE calls me back 2.
Today's conference calls go well 3.
I make it to Burbank on time for meeting 4.
I stop feeling sad
db im n my rock bag listening to ParamoreThatsWhatYouGet...
WOH!!
yeah, no one else is thinking that!
avocados and breakin, 2 of my favorite things!
wish id been there to see it, im in taiwan, just ate some stinky tofu...
I was dissed for saying I was celebrating Chinese New Years by listening to C'mon Irene so know what ur sayin'
Happy Turkey Day!!!
I'm thankful 4 everything and everyone thats in my life.
Come on Tyshawn!
You don't take that shot at this point in the game with a lead!
kubball
Good friends bar w/sis, travis 
oh....
the bus...
that why I don't ride in the morning.
Most of them are fags!
wow!
I just love that, it is a divine instrument
A Fan Asks: Where Have You Been Ben Curtis?
Hi Jen, thanks for following; have a fantastic Saturday afternoon.
Well now you know!
From Prozac Nation misanthrope to highpowered attorney working for David Boies ;
are these / commercials that show peoples tweets real?
How old are their tweets?
What's the point?
It is most natural for preachers to sneer at the man who is merely goodemphasize the transcendental ...
Come visit us at the Pilsen Community Market, tomorrow morning starting at 9, 18th and Halsted Chicago Community Bank.
Our Midday playlis for today can be listened to after 1PM EDT via spotify.
We'll also upload it on Twitter!
Then David Stern did his best Joe Stalin imitation and destroyed a legitimate trade and destroyed a franchise with a loyal fan base.
my roommate thinks of tattoos for me.
she goes, i think, 'this is a cool idea,' but i couldn't pull it off.
then i think 'mckenzie could!'
We are 1 views away from 3000.
Leave a comment a win a free Bullets Tee.
Yeah, pretty much.
DOOR TO THE KINGDOM OPEN AT 6:15p.m.
AND SHOW STARTS AT 6:30p.m.
...
OPEN TO ALL AGES AND BAR W/I.D.
...
TATTOOMUSIC LIVE
: we have to move beyond developing content for one platform.
if it wasnt 4 x factor would of never formed
Ahhhhahahahahhahaha!!
i forgot about the pee corner!!
No, I didn't find it...hint??
COME TO ARUBA!
You need to post a new video!!: Maybe Cool Morning 3 with ??33
did you create an open textbook?
you cut out a pretty important word in that RT, made it seem like I don't agree with them
All these niggas loving music I've liked or years now....
Don't know how I feel about that
That awkward moment when you think someone's about to apologize to you, but they demand an apology from you instead.
are you here in Seattle?
At Rangers game, and batter LITERALLY just swung and the BAT, not the ball, went flying.
1st time for everything!
How was it like performing in London???
:D
Camp on tuesday: exited
I really do need to get me some LBF gear.
Searching for your glasses and then realizing that they were on your head the whole time!
xx SMH
Thanks for the FF love.
I hope to see you at the ballpark on April 5th.
show my phone some love, I lost your
what you email
Why is Yes Dear still in syndication?
Who is watching that show?
thank u nikki!
:
: Worst airline!
....
Only mistake is flying AA.
Never again!
Been troubleshooting a wonky file for the last 12 hours for her students' showcase today.
Plans B, C,  D implemented!
Great illustration and I like that someone did a video of this.
I use this sort of technique a lot.
you deserve whatever you want.
I gotta learn to keep my big mouth shut
I guess your happy you have better LUCK than i do?
Being on the phone all afternoon really makes the day go by fast.
Whew!
good morning Artie xo
Henrik Lundqvist made the glove save on Ovechkin, but he did not have the easiest time corralling it.
High glove side.
is a goof haha for saying he loves the cold q:
lol, Charlie feels the same way about Monday's.
So cute.
Um.......oh.
HI!
We're on Instagram now!
:D Follow us and we'll follow you!
:
Charlie Averkamp signed with the Grizzlies, they should be tough
I think animal testing is a terrible idea; they get all nervous and give the wrong answers.
Does anyone else find the giant oscar dudes creepy?
Hooray for Dave Dawson!
He's our latest backer on Kickstarter.
Thanks!
kck.st/dsj5Yv
left his manners in the car with Jeff's mustache wax.
If you are serious about losing weight then Skinny Fiber is the product for you because it flat out works, the added bonus is that you can e
Thanks my bruh!
Are you enjoying your time in Missouri?!
Miss seeing you!
:
I am impressed about how easy it is to assemble Social Media Monitoring Dashboards with new version of Presto
So cute!
Great idea, thanks!!
Tweetdeck you're killing me today.
I dunno.
Kelly out for the weekend.
No bigs against unc.
May be a tough out.
RT : Go Duke!I
If your mine your mine iaint sharing you with no one else 3
ail's
Hi Lorraine, thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to seeing you at stage773 !
CAUTION: Studies show that reading can promote thought or speculation, and may even lead to dangerous ideas.
I'm already planning my tour outfit.
I had an idea yesterday that blew my mind.
Nail related.
Everybody in this lecture is sleep.
People in here exercising to stay awake.
your tweets are great.:
Why haven't I watched sooner?
I think I love
Thanks for the RT!
Getting the inspiration as we type..
haha...
Always.
RT : Faith will not instantly deliver but it will carry you through.
Blake  Barnes
Tweets is a really stupid word.
Whatever
lol what are you lost with?
And thank you, Peggy for keeping up with, and posting important info!
Have a great day.
Rip game proppa
OH God damn and I need to Bang on that pussy Queen curly x...
PRINCE WOLFE FLUFFAY
Erin Manning: we must continuously reproduce the processual.
aha...she really could..too bad she's like 20...
Have you talked to me today, I'm an insane person.
Illustrators: favorite red/blue sketching pencil?
Go
Don't spend it all in one place.
That is rather awkward
RT: Having to swallow your pride is the worstLions don't seem to mind..
I fully expect a reunion to occur!
ahahahahaha i'm planning your death in my head 
Inspiring hearing talking about worldwide climate movement creating unlikely environmentalists organizing 4 political action
The Barbasol commercial on NBC Sports was quite possibly the worst commercial I've ever seen.
Aha too bad c:
Bout to go to LA Fitness with my crew.
Hope my followers understand .
.
I SWEAR I'm going to plant basil in place of grass this year!
:
I just want a window office so I can feel the sun.....whyisit40degressinhere?
shedidntcallyoubecause she wanted you to call first, or shes mad at you, or shes just busy .
Procrastination nation
i dont see how i was so serious all i said was what do u mean, gurrrrl dont make a nigga get hyphy
Sake...Jella...Stake...k they don't need a couple name...haha
For the record the waiter said 'No single person can eat that  or shouldn't.
It comes w a side of insulin.'
Sittin next to , tweeting him, takin notes, on my Twitter, not caring, AT THE SAME DAMN TIMEE
I am thinking it is  thanks for responding.
Who thinks I could be a good model?
awesome!!
tomorrow's chichat is right up our alley
Riseandwine tweethearts!
the weekend is in sight!
Gates is going to punch the NCAA in the face.
Life is long, keep moving ahead, nevergiveup; remove negative attitude in life, learn from setbacks as you plow to victory.
SeanLetwat
The person has two and I'm like you should let me borrow one.
lol
Extra credit.
;
that's good!
that would still put them solidly ahead of Morris Claiborne.
22jello
Sorry UNCA, we were ALL gunning for ya.
Not an acceptable response.
hahaha are you gonna get in on this too?
Did I miss something?
Is today not Saturday?
I will once I get my interview!
Let me know when you find out!
Damn this head ache though 
Today is National Fire doctorll Day.
Do you know what to do in case of a fire?
That's how my day was, too.
ok this is weird and im dariel :D nice to meet you :D
i see you
Rain?
I Think Yes, Why Not?
Goes to show that manly men wear pea coats!
Finally new Thank you !
Every time I pass Hunan Tasty Chinese restaurant, I read the sign as Human Tasty
So much shit to do.
Sat down for one sec, started watching Something Like a Business and now I'm glued to this hilarity!
New topic  Two adorable shots  OMD and 1250
Does anyone have a Columbia cap and gown I could borrow?
Don't ask.
I'm dumb.
Please message me ASAP.
Run, just as fast as i can.
To the middle of nowhere.
To the middle of my frustrated fears.
Pretty girls 
Ma nigga DMX is a cool ass real nigga str8 up it went excellent
Ok Sun, I rationalized your absence yesterday!
It's time to come back out!
We miss you!
Nice casual run this AM out on the Crescent trail, thanks to Ron, Ben, Jeanne, Kevin and Chloe for making it fun!
Join us next time!
THAT'S OBVIOUS.
I AM SO SORRY
bored at work?
Consider recording a video for show us one thing you do everyday.
Join this
RT : RT : News of budget talks got you down.
Then check out govtshutdownpickuplines Some are so bad they're funny.
I can't stay awake all the way till 11.
Good night.
Thank you God for the DVR creator.
I just had a nightmare about Banquet week..
Banquet week is this week.
Thanks Tony...
I've always loved that quote abut the Air Force Bombers.
Any 1 of which could fund entire 100 DCtheatre seasons.
Will this go into effect for the April primary and November general election?
Is there anything we can do to stop it?
let's just say that GeorgeClooney may or may not somehow be invovled in our 5DayDoc Challenge film...
Along with Cathy Powell, panelists include and
:  machine is spelled wrong Bert.
.
// I want the misspelled one.
Worth more when u finally get famous
chris is great too :
First  last time, ha!
Thanks Lorenzo!
Your dog won't stop licking my ankles, so that's a little weird, but I get it though.
Delicious ankles run in my family.
It's so fucking beautiful to be alive!
Some people do not appreciate eddie money.
I have him every once in a while....
But his razor breaks to easily ..
he has a very hairy mustache
LY: At this point, have to quickly mention that NYLANmister newsletter will be delayed.
It shall be a Summer/Fall newsletter at this point!
thanks!
Are u from Detroit?
I write on all the desks at school,then the cleaners take it off and im like THE FUCK MAN
Thanks for the RT, Derek!
Hope you check it out!
Another day in the cities and by myself writing at Perkins on a Friday night....
Life has doctorstically changed since writing!
Would you ever follow me?AskRyan ????????????
my phone has a spirit of sorts in it.
keeps doing things on its own
Do not despise the bottom rungs in the ascent to greatness.
In search of a graphic designer to create a logo for If All Else Fails Productions.
Who's your team this year?
Finally made it to San Marcos!
Hope to see and at graduation!
Sturdivant: You will find a lot of resistance to funding something new.
Leadership is necessary to overcome barriers.
An ambulance is probably pulling up to green valley ranch casino where my dad bet the house on the Spurs.
Ever have that feeling of not sleeping for days?
This is one of them.....
We could've had it al aal

i'll kill you if i find out you watching some other movies BITCH!!
Happy belated birthday!
Thanks for spending it with us.
Happy Graduation all my lovely new High Schoolers!!!!
I love you all so much!
xx
: FRIDAY is finally HERE we r having 2 everything from 10 to midnight and the patio is open.
Who's coming.
Hugs!
Enjoy your Monday!
RT Thanks for the mention Gramma Kaye!!!
HUGS!!!
This shouldn't have made me laugh as much as it did.
Well played.
One of many reasons why I'm unlikely to be POTUS: temptation to order overdetermined scenario for Humber to pitch 27 straight outs vs.
USSR.
All I can really hope for is for fourth block to go by quickly since ive already seen her.
T.T
Just once, I would like to wake up, turn on the news, and hear...'Monday has been canceled, go back to sleep.'
really?
Little boy?!
Look in there, the Hope Diamond's in there!
nut pointing at a box in an alley, Seattle
Flowers must fascinate insects, and books must fascinate readers, in order to survive.
RIP Junior Seau
GOO MORNING !!!!
Know all the words to SAYSOMETHIN after listening to in 30 times omgg it's AMAZING3
Be great if you could make it to the ChocoTweetup this weekend.
Fuck these hoes with a passion.
Now following
There's something almost godlike about watching your creations step out of your cab....
not too much, trying to work as little as possible.
zach.
I think it's time for bed, im so tired.
GOODNIGHT.
Holy shit.
I need sleep.
Ugh..
A way to spend more time on Reddit?
Sounds disastrous.
;
I hate guys that perp...like you still won't yo ex stop playing.
i love you like a love song baby
but: boo Virginia
So hope and change was a silly slogan, but we believe is not????
you inspire us though your MUSIC
Do you want your teeth to be ten shades lighter in just one hour?
LASER whitening is your best option.
Call 619.497.6453 for more details
ah yay!!!!!
I'll be home Thursday night!
Let's go out this weekend or do something next week please
Shout out to all the artists in Orlando Florida makin moves!
: YOU HATE ON BRITNEY YOU WILL GET SHIT leave Neil ALONE!!
WAAAAH!!!!
.
this is getting ridiculous.
Missing my !
thanks for the follow make sure to check us out sat in action vs the Virginia storm the Capital City Cowboys CWO
any time!
I'm off to bed as well haha
We had the ticket prices wrong.
They are 30 not 35.
Share The Welt tour with , all that remains, rev theory, and hatebreed!
they lost by like 6 or 8 : made a good run tho!
Quoting doctorke 
ha nice, well hmu if your gonna stay up bc im sure ill be up
Congrats Martini principal, , on your raffle prize!!
It better be something awesome!
No joke...
Netflix is giving me a four and a half star recommendation for the My Little Pony television series.
I feel creepy.
I accepted!
XD
Dow down 500, up 400, down 500, up 400.
Something isn't passing the smell test.
This cat is employing a Hold strategy for awhile
fact RT RT : You ever seen two crack heads in love?
...It's the most beautiful thing I ever seen.
Shoutouts for shoutouts?
I really wanna get to 100 followers?:
do you know of any site streaming the game today?
Love being able to work and spending time with my bf at the same time!
George W Bush is not happy about Barack Obama getting credit for Bin Laden.
He feels Obama is misoverestimated.
We are the 99
RT : You are a leader.
How you lead is up to you.
I have to pee so badly WHY IS THERE TRAFFIC?!
Any wonderful thoughts to share this St Patrick's day for our parade fans?

...
an Israeli Jewish Palestinian rights activist, was shot  killed by 5 masked Palestinians outside the theater he founded in Jenin.
Lunch Special  Chicken Parmesana  Lightly breaded with Mozzarella  Parmesan, Marinara on bed of Pasta  Garlic Bread.
I sometimes wish I could just doctorve away and never look back
Lets go Yankees!
Ok the list is finished...just not revealing it yet.
Look for more announcements of new things between Christmas Eve  New Years Day!
: Happy Bday Round enjoy ya day!!!!
Love ya lots muah Thanks Good Look Come Down Peanuts Tonight
Regent Larson needs to know how many star faculty have been lured away: benefits AND salary are both part of package.
WOW...1.5 turnover at Ethan Allen.
Says a great deal about their culture!
Portland wants Goran
would like to chat with u about this.
Pls call my office 5035129037 and Sandoctor can set up a time for us to meet.
Barney Frank at Ford Hall Forum: When gays talk about sexuality it's called coming out,when straight people do, it's called talking.
idk my mom wont tell me but its close to my city is all i know3
consider me for the grand jury implementation commitee?
OMg tumblr why do you have to be so stupid right now.
Good morning :
HUGE thx to all the incredible speakers and audience members nwsocial.
Shout out to
At the WI .Net User Group meeting at Northwoods Software.
depends, what did your editor think?
Down bottom be the team
I got joy deep down in my soul and in 2012 I ain't got let nobody steal it
Busy night of political events.
meeting  Ward3Dems forum.
Looking forward 2 seeing and others
the people behind the ih8bitches blog have no life 
Returning to fitness with beer as my witness, to Miller 64!
yeah.
It was pretty disgusting.
I have lots to tell you.
Oh give him a break.
The state of Ohio hasn't had a chance to root for much when it comes to NFL.
LOL
Its not worthwhile changing for anyone, if they dont like u then its their problem not yours.
Accept who u are
RT : Like 's official facebook page  She's 's hair stylist xoxoxo
Well so much for my last tweet.
Baked potato skins sounds too good right now
Thanks :D
AstraZeneca PLC  Transaction in Own Shares
Happy Friday FF to you!
Good plans for the weekend?
The first half of today reminded me why I love my job.
The second half reminded me that I don't love all of it.
so true!
but i will never understand the STAR tattoo.
Your professorle pic is sexy enough on twitter
sell me your watch!
SO i heard!!
Damn lmao ima finna kill this nigga next week
This sucks we cnt go to hollywood we r some where where there is purple stoplights
Random lady on the court for Lakers and Nuggets.
Sure why not.
She looked a little confused and intoxicated to me.
May we long share our odd, inanimate feast,/ And meet at last on the Cloudy River of the sky.
Li Bai via Arthur Waley
idk what MIA is BUT I MISS YOU TOO
The old ass man tried to talk to me yesterday lik really nigga you old enough to be my daddy
I have the weirdest friends we laugh at the weirdest things do the stupidest things and have fun
Oo what movie?
Thank YOU!
Glad you dig it!
RT Thanks for the follow cool website
nope.
It's how my nephew says vanilla.
This week we are debuting banana cream pie with mills wafers
Off to nj
Enjoyed spending time with my daughter...
I know!
Lol!
Dinner at bratfest tonight.
M brats!
It is beautiful.
Thanks for the suggestion.
: Odds are, as a true salsero, you will be disappointed anywhere, any night, out there!
stop hyperromanticizing things with the opposite sex, and romanticize normal life things instead.
They say dimonds are the hardest substance in the world , obviously they haven't seen my dick .
good night!
alright Wednesday right?
He's just quoting Deep Thoughts.
You know what is going to make Boston angry?
Once MBTA fare hike goes into effect in July 2012 all MBTA employees get a raise.
Thx
WHO WAS THAT THAT CALLED ME BECUASE IM ALMOST POSITIVE THAT THAT WASENT IT SOUNDED NOTHING LIKE HER
is there a difference between all the CSI's?
Fighting over who gets what side of the bed when comes over.
very kind!
Thanks!
Alex Smith in Miami visiting with the Dolphins today.
Get wisdom  its's worth more than money; choose insight over income every time ..
Heat baby
Bet is well jelly of me.
Eating my 3rd pack of skittles in 2 days ;
Hazy showed up!
Hg Middle keeps telling me they are handling the bullying.Well Gabe was beaten up today ruptured ear doctorm, multiple contusionsa bloody nose
stopped is spelled w 2 ps, but yes that was a pretty absurd interview
I just finished a 3.25 mi run with a time of 27:56 with Nike GPS.
Rest in peace stevejobs.
Insane.
Got any foil or plastic wrap?
My daughter got a 2k unexpected scholarship from Presby Charlotte from doing same; 3 them.
Just find a specialty w/hope.
My day became AMAZING half an hour ago now the boyz back on ABDC, so much better 33
/mad scientist...fitting RT : you look like a pedophile with that mustache.
Please shave
silly ass but u love it
remember when UNC won today?
THRILLED with the multiple Discovery flyovers!
What a morning!
I always slept with all my stuffed animals so they wouldn't get offended.
Having lunch with my old college boyfriend today.
I have to look GOOD!.
Show him what he's missing...
lol So glad that didn't work out.
try!
But did you hear that they might be cancelling it?
uh oh
gaming is out of this world, going out now.
Honestly, my bro has anger issues.
That mf be Ragin at me Fuh no good reason.
Previewing ART on Friday evening Feb 10th.
Suggested donation of 5.
Limited seating.
Email if interested.
excited for this weekend!
can't wait to see everyone on stage at Revolution
Thanks for the New Years wishes!
Happy New Year!
RT : I've still got two tickets for tonights Union game.Don't want to see them go to waste, but it looks like they might.
hey why can't u be followed April
I never took any classes there!
I wish I had!
haha we know everything about sushi delivery!
Let me know when you're ready for your 1st order I'll send you a discount code!
I'm in love with after watching the UMFTV Couldn't believe the Dexter theme!
Haters gonna hate
Just finished that test in psychology.
I BS'd it but think I did pretty good!
So tired today.......
got like 5 hours of sleep
I would write you a million love songs just to hear you sing 3
this is as late as I'm staying up on a school night....
Feel better and hopefully make it through...
Come out to Dobbs in Philly tonight for Acey Slade's Bday Bash...we go on at 8:30early!!!
Cheery is the perfect word!
I know I know.
I'm workin on it
WeWontWork if your always accusing .
Askin' all them questions n' shit .
any luck with an ID?
I almost had something going but they guy backed out...
haha
Tomorrow I have to wake up early to get an ultrasound on my arm.
I sure hope there's not a baby in there.
Gin face tonight
I see LMS on Facebook at least 50 times a day...
and I'm only on for a minute or two DAILY.
very nice dude!!
obviously lol...
im doing my hw right now .
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger!
3
Dance therapy
20thingsaboutme I'm a night owl:
Same here!
Glad to connect with you
Such an easy concept!
: Important Marketing Concept: treat your customers well, love them and find a way to make them happy!
Is it geographically possible for everyone in Australia to live near the ocean?
Or at least, every Australian on Instagram?
Tweetdeck has an option to update to google fking BUZZ??
Isn't this service maintained by twitter now?
Where's the g?
Uhoh!
Most of the gay guys I know are bald.
Are they really powerless???
and there's no easy way to get key?
if you know tell me or can you give me invite?
NP Too Tough to Die By The Ramones
I am not always so great with Twitter.
just saw your from mid Dec hahah
Orlando vs Steak 72oz Steak Eating Tips: Cut the steak into smaller chunks and methodically consume each one.
This may be a mental strategy
Congrats to and for making 20 best beer bars.
I couldn't agree more.
Good Morning!
What a beautiful day to have a Cowboys and Pizza Party!
The Pizzas are going to be delicious and the Cowboys are going to win!
Haha.
I bought the stuff I like!
And I wanna buy more!
I wish I live in Oahu!!
Lol.
And their water park are Awesome!!
:
thank you :
hell yeah that's whats up
What's your preference of juice, all PG, or what level PG/VG combo do you prefer?
DELL Corporate: Our thoughts and prayers go to the Jobs family and to the Apple team
Airport, Play time!
LOL But for real.
I just asked myself the same thing.
I wish San Diego had Physique 57 or Soul Cycle
TRAFFIC ALERT: Injury crash WB Beltline near Fish Hatchery Road.
Use caution in the area.
me and my looser beasted on mortal kombat today  also duke nukem.
hell yes.
funn day ;
Chinese people feel what, like 60 of regular people emotions?
LOL yeah I understand.
You know what's helped me?
Dating 20somethings lol
Vashon is great, coming home to the peaceful water everyday is so good for the mind.
And the water taxi is kickass.
can i be usher?
I aint suppose to understand that
TSOINY awaiting hurricane asault at local watering hole doctornking Brooklyn Lager.
Situation stable.
More reporting to follow.
Are you ready to divorce your pain and marry your purpose?
APB: Social Media Bootcamp guest speaker presenter types that haven't yet please check in w/ email  subject: Social Media Bootcamp Rockford

traces of a doctoram / a butterfly / through a flower field haiku Chiyoni
I wish my besty was talking to me so I can tell her the good news.
:
I can't stress that line enough.
Back to back mechanical errors on flights!
Let's go  upgrade your fleet already!
me too!
hopefully there are way more of us out there then there are of them, although here in the South it's a little questionable.
when is the next food truck gathering?
im still heated like who calls u to come to work on both ur days off!!
DntTheyGetit i dnt come in on my days off!!
not yet, thanks for liking the page!
Stick with us and we'll be choosing the winner soon!
Feelings are meant to be Expressed not played with or taking advantage of
I agree Cynthia, fight for your man!
Everybody has ups and downs.
The start of another Orioles baseball season..
what should we expect this year?
We're staying at the Georgia Center checking in now!
I love it so far.
Production is top notch as always with originality and solid percussion.
Classic And I'm just on 6 LOL
so what the bros tryna do
rings all too true
Every four years we get the added day of February 29th.
How are you going to make this extra day count?
I love pumpkin!
Especially pumpkin chocolate chip cookies.
I make delicious pumpkin granola bars if I do say so myself :
that principle  of Constitution's supremacy over treaty  is not questioned there.
Thanks for the RT!!!
movie date!
Back in Austin.
Had a great week at AFM met great folks and got good exposure for the Red, Black, and Blonde!
Till next year Santa Monica!
Gary what up!
Life is good!
See you there
burned by
If you want this, if you want bling bling, if you wanna buy the Jets...WORK.
That's how you get it.
One of my favorite quotes
glad you guys had an opportunity to visit
Let's all tweet about all this rain that we've obviously never had before!!!!
WiseWordsToLiveBy A fine beer may be judged with only one sip, but it's better to be thoroughly sure!
Ok, a little survey...what was the worst trend of 2011 ?
bahahaha omg my moms walking around saying hi kevin
Those still exist?!
no,not since college.
But i'm spoiled w/nice weather yr round, so i take mini breaks when i can
Who still uses Second Life?
Last time I was there it was full of pervs and bots.
that will be one quiet room.
doctornk more water today.
Will give you more energy.
doctornk with a silly straw and be able to get rid of reading glasses, better sex, potty tra
Syracuse with the offensive flurry and come up with a goal.
Bulls down 10 to Syracuse
Thank you!
I've been trying to figure it out!
:o
Tip 6: Ending the Date  If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
He was then, I am now; She was then and YOU are now .
That's all that matters .
Not having in math is fucking gay!
This rose stinks,
Ambition knows no sunset
True feelings can sometimes be the most difficult to express.
so, a nice splash of spicy pepper sauce?
Thank you!
Glad you like :
WOH...when did I start following you???
follow back ?
:
I hate waiting at the barber shop
Its 80 degrees in Boston!
Come soak up the sun at Tia's...
Let us know what your favorite summer cocktail is...
i think my pink doctorss
All Part of a healthy breakfast.
didn't see anything come through yet let me relook.
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something.
But I can't accept not trying.
Michael Jordan Get in here and train!
Made me wonder what are people remembering you by?
If it read Soso pulled a what would people think that meant?
clears up the whole Kim JongIl 11 holes in one myth in the new Golf Magazine.
It was only 5 aces!
And my 36 hours of hell begin now
When I get to Seattle I'm going to spend a week alone in the woods and when I return I will have hopefully learned something professorund
maybe if u stopped talking and started working u would actually get somewhere...
The RookieDebut is packed with past, present and future NFL players  it is an honor to be hosting such an amazing group!
These headaches tho :/
tell I said hello!
june 2325 the bilingual one, what about you ?
and so do I.
Except for BVB, I've seen everyone on your list at least once :
oh so did you go see the boyz
Detention after school for chewing GUM..
lmfao
is looking for .Net Developers, UI Designers, UI Developers, Core Java Developers and FrontEnd Web Developers  NJ and NYC
What was the last TV show you watched?
thanks pal!
see you saturday after next?
haven't bought tickets yet but i'll be there.
Early morning victories, big or small, set your day up for success.
Go make a couple of victories for yourself first thing in the morning.
Did you know the Rivoli first opened on September 15, 1927 and was the first Universal Studios Theatre in Indiana?
boy or girl doggie?
What kind?
Why did the skunk buy four boxes of tissues?Because he had a stinking cold!
aw.
I have to say it no longer thrills me.
Making dough in the Hobart thrills me though.
I wonder if Austin will ever come to Dallas,Tx it's only 4hrs away from San Antonio,Tx :
why would she need one?
Big daddy gummint gone take care of everything...
This week's performances: Thursday at Enlighten  8pm Sunday at C  P  3pm
I pray I get red bottoms for my birthday pleasemom
Framingham joins effort to overturn Citizens United decision
woo hoo!
sweet man.
just seein when you were available to hang.
i only have school mon  thur so im down especially on tue  wed
Good morning Shane!..
Have a great day!
I'm mad that has a lot of followers :
Thanks for the RT!
How's it going?
You ready for a long weekend?
cheese right?
Wow!!!!
Bill Cunningham fried today Precious is jealous of her stripping bf hahaha hell naw
It just dawned on me that when I conduct presentations, I say But um as filler.
Must.
Fix.
Pullin' a
Hey ACC!
Follow for updates on ACCBattleOfTheBands!
Pay no mind to those who talk about you behind your back.
It simply means you are 2 steps ahead of them.
And the there was 2
Congrats to my friends Summor and Mike Beach on their new beautiful baby boy, Conley!
Love y'all!
Hey Angie thanks for following : If you have a sec later check out my music if you'd like to laugh :
Happy Fourth of July!
Bauerlein says average teen sends 3,500 texts/month.
What?!
mob wives yes
This is a mean, fg cruel world  I want my nappy  medication right now!
According to my professor my name is either Josh or Jesse.
I guess that's a step up from being called Juan.
Just tapped Rahr Winter Warmer !!!
One day you are going to miss her chasing you, you're going to miss her annoyingness,  you're going to miss how much she cared.
When someone leaves you, you learn to be more independent.
is that Don't screw up Nolan, or Don't screw up, Nolan?
Big difference.
YouWereCuteUntil you burped  farted!
.
Will definitely be stopping by the linkedinchat!
I am excited to learn more about it!
is a great client.
I get the good people.
I'm kind of loving Lierac Homme AntiWrinkle Moisturizer and Kiehl's Midnight Recovery Concentrate.
An antiaging doctoram team?
Maybe!
all my followers, please go get on facebook and like Taitlyn Shae Hughes page, read the inspiring story of a sweet 12 year old girl...RIP3
a week from tomorrow but I go back to school august 10th I much rather get out later I hate how we get out so fucking early!
want me to add you to the Seabug mailing list?
Next one's May 5th!
I'll also be teaching Blender at Linuxfest Northwest
The last thing your jobs proposals create is a better environment 
If you schedule an appointment that you can't keep at least have the decency to give a courtesy call to cancel.
Damn Haters!
Just stop with the Keyra tweets.
If ur talking about her that just shows u dont have the balls to tagg her in it.
Let her be!
trash talking Ohio St.
with my parents  super religious aunt.
serious self censorship going on.
LETS GO
Wedding that I'm standing up in today.
It should def be a great time.
We're sure they weren't wayward FGA?
RT M Speights had 2 asts last night.
Career high is 3, done just once.
Being in a awkward moment right now!!!
Hahaha
See...this is what I'm here for, lol.
I think about you in the summertime, and all the good times we had baby.
I said, sit back down where you belong, in the corner of my room with your snapback on ;
Nice!
Thanks for stopping by.
Cre fan club members get presale tix in about 29 minutes...I'm poised and ready to click!!!!!
Hairrock doctoram come true!!
Most celebs that do FF recommend other celebs , you are way cool just doing your fans, you truly are one of the good guys:
C'mon Kim!
My jar of hearts is running a little low.
Time to visit the body shop?!?!
your a faggot.
yes!
feel better soon :
Heard some good pieces by Adoctoran Moore, Tom Lopez, and Hans Tutschku at the NYCEMF.
And of course Seda was awesome!
Today was a good day, until I got to volleyball.
I rather date a married bitch cause those single bitches got issues
yes?
lol oh and try tweetdeck im using it and its useful...
i can see the  replies...
CALLING ALL PATRIOTS: STAND TALL AMERICA...Our next generations is needing our support!
We are all PATRIOTS and must help each other
Come on .
Today is the ONLY free time I have to buy my necessities !.
Thank you Todd.
Have a great weekend as well.
: hi Ms.
Tiffany, I really hope I get to open a show for u again.
Just love hearing grassroots folks talk to decision makers!

World market with Dangerous EnglishFoodEverywhere black pudding?
Phillip phillips3
Gosh Austin's voice in SaySomethin holy crap.
OCD should go into the DSMV.
Just watched 12 seasons of LawAndOrderSVU in one month because I don't like to seriesjump.
where u goin
shoutout to my boyfriend in the hospital with a case of nonexistence
Two kiddo play dates and Badger game this weekend.
: The only thing more expensive than a good developer is a bad developer via 
Earning an online bachelor degree may cost less than attending a traditional university program.
And Steve had jerry go long for a return pass!
GO GIANTS!!
Bad timing...my Tide pen has run out :
nervermind, so hows ur love life?
Hey just noticed u live in the U.K.
so cool!
so that's the secret?!?
how much time do you get in between movies?
with places like the liquor store at 108 Blue Hill Ave, it's hard for legitimate small businesses to succeed.
it's a shame.
Haven't been on here in forever.
Feels good to be back :
Good bye Irene and good riddance!
Also managed to speak loudly enough to be heard over the furiously typing hoards in the gallery!
Something is wrong when you take the day off and you arrive too early to the Post Office.
Save Kino Ars in Krakw!
I used to live down the street and saw many films there.
It's a beautiful space with a wonderful staff.
1 in 4 girls and 1 in 6 boys will be sexually abused before they turn 18.
It's likely you know a child being sexually abused right now.
you're welcome!!
You're a fashionista!
Haha :D
I saw this banging shirt that I want !!!!
I agree totally, he couldn't put guys away even after being ahead in the count.
He has a good curve, he didn't throw it.
That totally looks like SPAM.
It's really a SNL skit!
It's a joke when people make a big deal out of YT views when they've paid for them.
Did you hear that Amber?
A FAMILY.
ya!
How are you?Rico
Digital only book sale from today!
Free Childoctorn's book Pandora's Park.
.99 for Eroma, Trail Mix1  2.
Racy romantic scifi!
Bgc tonight!
Word .
Ok, went with KingDav0n, a mixture of my middle name david and my last name carson, and the king is for King Devid in the Bible.
I am a bathtub enthusiast.
It's a special skill.
:
NASV in penny breakout mode!
This is a huge technical indicator to break out of subpenny range.
The MoMo is on!!!!
10 billion earthlike planets may exist in our galaxy, astronomers suggest
thanks Josh!
febhaus is such a gorgeous show
:  Never make a Gemini woman jealous, you will live to regret it.
Join us for a Cannabis Freedom March organizational meeting today from 46p  the Cannabis Defense Coalition.
Volunteers welcome
then explain...
Thanks so much!
Music produces a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without.
Confucius
The birthday cake was awesome!
You guys are doing great on Twitter!
Where the pools at?
would be, but it's gonna be OKC gainst Lecon and Dbag wade.
SWEET!
I'll root for you!
I wish I was able to do that, I'm not anywhere near ready though.
Considering a BJJ tourny in March tho!
if he don't, slap the shit outta him.
Omgghg I know!!!
The fish are massive!!!!!!!!
bullet shells in the chili.
He whispers in my ear tells me that I'm fearless he shares a melody and tells me to repeat it
You guys.
You can TOTALLY MARRY your gay cousin in North Carolina.
Y'all just have to be of opposite sexes.
Ok?
Get it right!
Happy Friday!!!
was that an clover that sjp was sporting in sex in the city 2?!
FF for both lazy harp seal has no job and the headline Giant snake and giant turtle were besties
Had a wonderful coaching with Evelyn Lear.
What an honor to work with such an incredible diva.
Gloria Steinem: A woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle
What was his symptom?
yes indeed!
And he will only get better
My son was 19 yesterday  my eldest daughter is 18 today!!!
HAPPY BDAY KIDS!
:D
I love the new professorle pic!
Lets Go Cowboys!!!
Shipping to the East Coast and California today.
I take great pleasure knowing that either the giants fans or patriots fans are going to be devastated after the Super Bowl.
OH: My eyes just got lazy!
Born to be somebody  justin bieber!!!!
I'm jelly.
I've been listening to Coco Rosie a bit, even though they scare me.
It has filled the music void a bit.
haha true.
its a long time between when hockey ends and football starts :
This wind is not good for my hair today 
Hip Hop and the Earth lost a true legend today.
R.I.P.
Thanks!
Love you too, Michelle!
:
Can't understand the surprise of some re Assange/Nasrallah iview.
Assange revealed his prothug politics a while ago.
humming roberta flack in my head.
Happy Birthday !
it's mine too.
Great to work with you on iQuit iCary, thanks for having me on the show !
Joey, aka 'Dave'
Craving EVERYTHING...
Think we might have broken gmail.
Our bad.
NO FAIR
I went from having backup plans for backup plans to having no plans at all 
I just updated my ReadyHosting website, check it out!
www.meningitisangels.org
lol I know right?!
Oh and devil in a new doctorss needs to be playing in the background!:p
I take it some things never change.
O:
what the heck
should arrive tomorrow...
I will tweet you everyday until you acknowledge the Bing API TomorrowBook.com, good or bad
Ok....just checking.
Otherwise we might have had to say you're crazier then Charlie Sheen right now.
First breakout session.
From Facebook to Your Books.
RT : And it's official  HoustonPortland is at HALFTIME before BullsCeltics game is over!
I hope he smiles.
MT : Thought ur Tech101 today CommunityJustice2012 was awesome!
Excited to try some new tools!
Going to lunch with the grandparents but it was unplanned so I'm doctorssed like a bum oh well at least I'm with them
Boombada name a nigga round here harder
Needs grassroots involvement as well teachers and parents.
Change is much needed.
I will be!
Can't speak for Jory cause I think he doesn't know where he'll be yet.
my wrist hurts idk why.
And my middle finger hurts because a bee stung it .
:P love you, Left.
YouKnowYoureARunnerWhen Your wash is full of more running attire than normal people clothes.
Lots of great sporting events this weekend; from UFC on FX to Duke vs UNC to RondaRousey vs MieshaTate and much more...
Let's do this!
Love Colbie Caillat's song NowPlaying I Won't
.
Happy Mothers...nevermind
AIGThey doctorve the company into the ground, get 165 mil in bonuses.
Is this the twilight zone, or what?
I know I was like crap.
Haha but then yes!
Idk why, but I'm just not into makeup.
I don't see what the hype is all about; I feel kind of ungirly when it comes to that but OH WELL!
WHY THE FUCK IS WeWontStopHatingSelena TRENDING?!
YOU BEACHES!!
YOU GUYS ARE SO MEAN.
STOP THE doctorMA NOW.
Dear Daniel is it wrong that I beat up a.
Albino Kid
What's up with 's girlfriend being such a slut?
You don't deserve that.
You're too real to be living so fake.
Check it out, Dico.
:Lakers GC described app hearing impaired can download to get closed captainoning for PA.
How great is our God...sing with me!!!
lunch definitely
That's fucking WAY SEXY!!!!
Putting 100 to Win on Creative Cause in the KentuckyDerby.
Union Rags to place.
Bodemeister to show.
Has Matt McGloin been doctorfted yet?
They can hold his rights to 2013, correct?
follow me lol since we gonna b friends im not holding back now ya know ur gonna see me UNCENSORED!!
U cool with this?
: to any girl who didn't receive a goodnight text message on this tuesday night..
goodnight beautiful 3 guys take notes!!!!
In the end, my biggest problem with Awake was that it was on NBC.
Even when I liked it, I knew that cancellation was imminent
Canon 5D Ml is a stills camera w video features For a flip screen  all the perks, C300.
The BIG difference is the price
Going down to the St.
Patrick's Day Parade this weekend?
You may want to protect your eyes from UV rays with some stylish shamisterck...
Saw Kevin Smith Burn in Hell on Netflix.
His Dad story was inspiring, made me appreciate how mine went out.
Thanks!
Just because you can't see the air, doesn't mean you stop breathing.
Just because you can't see God doesnt mean you stop believing
she tell u lolololol
Fearful of what April Fools pranks await me...Sorry Michelle :
i feel like i have been missing so much, not really being on and everything..
Hello Twitterverse.
On the red line with my bike, because I'll be riding around in Hyde Park
Mint.com is so cruel!
In the past 30 days, you spent 1,410 on Travel.
Usually you spend 3.
My annual vacation budget, therefore: 36
hi Shelley!
Nope4 wks...how are you?
oh you did me wrong it's war Zeak lol
M, chocolate chip cupcakes with a cookie dough surprise inside at the office!
Great way to end the work day!
Thanks!
Will add those to our list....
Eugene here I come!
How many people can say they have walked into the Hotel Crillon wearing Converse and lived to tell the tale?
alice cooper?
You win some and lose some.
That's life
Cause you're that girl.
Don't change on me.
Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever.
Tupac Shakur
bc i said so lol, NOPE i do not!
Didn't know was moving on, Rick.
Didn't know he went to Syracuse, either.
no yours is close enough to mine.
im first lol
Watching old doctor Who episodes.
The sp
I hate seeing these knee injuries!
Why so many this year?
I can't BELIEVE Cameron left TheGleeProject I love u guys,anyway u could give a hint on next weeks show?
:
Headed to UNF to watch my oldest, Noah, compete in his 3rd triathlon.
So proud of him.
A great athlete, but a better young man.
I heard it snowing in some parts of abq?
WHAT!?
Wait!
PetPeeve: a knowitall.
DAMN IT ERICK!
And well deserved, I might add :
uh oh.
Did i ever tell you my rule?
LiaSophia show tonight, looking forward to some cocktails with the ladies :
Thanks for the FF mention, we can use as much exposure as we can get.
Stay safe!
Yes, esp if its a category in which a diff chunk of publication revenue lives.
Taking a nap at 10pm sucks!
Dear Baby Jesus, I wld love to go back to sleep!
Next ill be thinking abt Ihop!!!
Did u forget to cultivate a tightimage first?
RT : When did old people stop folding?
Somebody tell that he's too small to be starting fights with the Bears.
Don't blame for your TAINTs.
how bout a mention 4 those braving the cold at the polarplunge for 2day in kenosha  2morrow in Muskego.
ChurchPlaza Launches New Value Priced Lighter Weight Church Chair Series Combining Polymer Technology and Virtually ...
Picnic for my little sisters today?
I think so :
checking out Wine in the Woods for the first time this year.
So excited!
checking images for the st gall monastery virtual library, talking about XML in Johanna doctorcker's design workshop, working on the campaign
the finger most likely
its very nice of him to take you out so much.
Not all pups are that nice to funny smelling monkeys.
Have a blast with AgentDPHX!
making money doggie
in Fresno u
Thanks!
That's a bummer!
If I didn't know any better, I'd say today was Friday the 13th because this day has been an awful mess!
Much to Thank for this year  including all of CloudTriXs Twitter Friends.
Have a blessed Thanksgiving weekend  Enjoy with family  friends
Santo's secret service agent  watch out for that blonde woman.
she is trouble.
why?
she may be carrying birth control pills
I need to find myself a mister Darcy.
Freelance Art Directors and Designers, Systematic, Needed ASAP!
Hit me up if you are available.
When people reply with cool it means there not interested
Good Night
Thank goodness for iced coffee.
Global Sources scheduled to report first quarter 2012 results on May 17, 2012  Sacramento Bee
you said dont you just hate em
But looking away doesn't change a thing.
So I struggle to look this death in the eye.
To make it plain that I do not consent.
Great things happening
The white cap sounds like George Dubya Bush
and Imma let you finish, duck.
judging by ur haircut, I'd bet you'll like the vids we've done at www.silverproductionsmv.com, which includes 's vid.
It's all good
I guess dis is goodnite.
Love you and miss you and I hope you have a good day at school love you bay and goodnite my queen
Good morning, friends!
Big plans in the works for us.
What big things are you planning for yourself this year?
SEVENTH GATE by Richard Zimler WWII literary mystery, WHITE HORSES by Alex Adams the world ends yet again.
Kobe shouldn't have gone to Casa Bonita before the game.
this is ridiculous.
She's good but calm down yo!
I guess next week shall tell what america really thinks.
good seeing and at UberIcon tonight
this made my night.
Ugh them bitches
I stand corrected : thanks
Shooting my new music video in two weeks !!!!
Be up soon :
amen, sister!
Schools!
Educators  students would love to have the Kindle Fire.
With ongoing budget cuts in education  the price is right.
And a big thank you to for giving us the skills sets to present on this topic!
Love the TV and multimedia though.
More a lair than a living room.
Which is kind of awesome.
Kevin Martin said it would take congress to change the date.....He is prepared for a lot of phone calls when it happens....Great person
Home!
Gee that was fun, when do we get to do it again?
:
The focus in WWE is moving from to the That's one thing made pretty clear by Vince McMahon.
I'm great!
What are you looking to invest in?
Love me some investing!
Holy crap.
Adam Yauch.
Thanks for everything, MCA.
Juss woke up ...bout to do my thing thing and be out on da sun...
I keep hearing those against change use the phrases 'share'  'redistribution of wealth' but what we need to discuss is fairness.
Thank u 4 your inspiring Nancy Hanks Lecture last night  4 your support of the arts administration field.
Will do!
Who is with me pdx RT : Come on out whenever you want!
doctorving by some town called Charlton in half an hour.
you ever heard of it ?
Thanks for your help.
Cheers  Shabbat Shalom.
Lol what it's different yours is cute tho
Hit me up for Photo/Video
I couldn't agree more!
Thanks for the free roll, too.
You guys rock!
new icon!!!!
I LOVE IT.
Twitter makes me like people I've never met and BecauseOfFacebook I hate people I know in real life
It's almost time for the reveal!
At 507pm Maryann will see her new room!
You can stream it online at www.newsplex.com
Thinking the same thing...
Guess they gotta increase sales.
RT : It All Belongs To Me did not fit that scene at all.
Come on now
I can't help it.
I love instructor sample copies.
knicks bulls monday.
i will do my best to explode twitter along with the rest of twitter.
If my child sits too close to the television, will it damage his/her eyes?
The short answer is no, at least, not for long periods of time.
Lagond Music's best kept secret...The Speakers have hit the stage!
I have a doctoram that my childoctorn will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.
Thank you doctorKing.
good morning Romeo!
Thanks for the RT!
We need to raise lots of money to help our neighbors!
Bishop getting closer to putting together the conference.
Can't wait.
Arizona Brain  Spine Center welcomes new patients.
State Line Soccer Show starting now on
I'M LIKE IN MY BED NOW
Congrats!
RT: Cap and gown on.
In line waiting to go in for graduation.
Let's do this!!
classof2012 graduation
Jawan Harris has a gorgeous smile and teeth.
so in the meantime, im gonna go to walgreens  get some ciggs, fold up my laundoctor and wait til gets to my house later :D
their.
Idiot.
Holiday Cheer for FUV concert report: 3 singers for harmony and counterpoint, distinct parts and different time signatures
Follow me?
3
I see you girl hahah
do you still do appearances on the larry kudlow show?
had to stop watching him some time ago.
awful rhetoric.
yea imma weirdo just
Quiz every lecture, how lucky am I?
I want my tax dollars to go to plannedparenthood and I vote.
sitting beside .
This girl is kinda crazy :p
do you have a date
Just found out this week I get to go to Very cool opportunity for me.
So working until almost 4AM doesn't make me late for work.
The totally blinding FOG however did
Watching A Football Life, pt 2
what are u talking about?
yeah was unbearably hot summer which is why i basically lived on the lake
definitely  let me know when you're ready to share  ill get you my email
Yo.
Cop me one mayne lol RT : I want a black and red obey beanie
prefer watching sports given crap that's on  are there any games today?
Clean the house today
you need Mayo to encourage you over the 'great warrior wall.'
Old ass nigga in a fucking big bird suit with a blue hat and a yellow feather in that bitch
Liquid soap EASY Fill a jar w/water doctorp a bar of soap wait 1 day Presto you have a jar of liquid soap called GOOP for the Goober in you
Good Morning!
Saw my former coworker, the one and only , doctorpped a SnarkLife on Twitter.
Not sure if I'm proud or scared it's spreading.
ATTENTION!!!
Live music tonight!
Rock out with the high energy sounds of OUTTA SYNC!
Full band, 10PM, no cover don't miss it!
Awww, sorry...we're calling it quits after this, as it's been a long day for us.
Have a good show!
I need to hk with Christian grey
Packing it up Bout to see what Durhamisterleigh be like on a friday night!!
.
Jira is so much better now that it has our logo : Next step: get to love it.
Saw you on CNN....Good Stuff...you seem like a character...had to follow you!!!
holla!
I hate it when your grandparents act like they can control and know everything about you.
Cause honestly they can't and don't.
:
Ain't shit new to me you a lil cool to me..
oh really now?
for what?
my day was like a rollercoaster but one thing for sure is that it ended being one of the best nights because of my jrotc friends 
I'll let you know  thank you!
:
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:5
are you coming???
I love the fact you favorited my tweet!
are you excited to see me...
I'm going to be in San Fran next week :
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
Just finished 4 miles in the trail....
Feeling good...now where shall I watch the game tonight??
we just printed our invitations, but really want a folio and absolutely ADORE yours.
Is there any way to buy those from you?
I have soo many projects due all at the same time....
Hey Jeff.
Exciting times ahead for you all.
Sorry we never got to grab that coffee.
Blessings to you all on what is next.
RT : Grateful for my bestie Inspirational, talented, and real.
:
oh, could you please vote for Indonesia?
: it would mean the world to me3
Car shopping for who would have that it's such hard work lol
Almost time to pick the lucky winners for the FreeArtGiveaway!
ima txt you
i'm over it tho .
does not matter to me what people do they cant stop it now its already started they will just have 'to 'watch 'and 'see, '
Whatchutalkinbout'Willis!
Your info and insights were invaluable!
Thanks for sharing!
Gray hairs?
Hmm.
must be behind the wheel.
This car is AUTOmatic.
This car is HYdoctormatic
Given the money and careers at stake, shouldn't the ATP have some min standards on court conditions?
Saw it once in the movies and twice on a secret internet site.
It's official.
Word AND Excel have been removed from my dock.
Still standing?
Numbers and OpenOffice.
Leaving for Australia in 4 days!
me too IM LIKE SHIT BRO .
That's like 100 essays fuck hahahah
Waking up may be hard but find the doctorve and for heavens sake don't snooze.
Missing the already.
Smurf colored trains.
Musical train components.
Birch wood brakes, so hard braking smells like campfires.
I missed 2...count them TWO...Riffs with Dermot Hussey!
That should be a lawsuit waiting to happen!!!
Congrats girl!
Lindsay's first commute, feelin' like a champ.
Now, how do I get home?
and I finished my edits per yog's request on our little proj on possible trades.
Little blurb.
Chris Birdman Andersen is being investigated for child pornography?
Unbelievable.
He looks like such a nice, normal guy.
doctorve life in the Fast Lane is so powerful that we have to wait until Tomorrow to give you all the keys!!!
Subscribe to www.dmwilliams.org
talk to
Robbert Horry on NBA tv??
Talk about a clutch player
143I love you :
Good people make bad decisions all the time  but some of us do it on stage with a rock band!
Tix are almost gone!!
3234628460
not very many!
:
Yeah, TV is pretty solid, but movies are just terrible, at least for things that I've wanted to watch recently
thanks!
: have a great day!!
RT : RT : morning all!!
Good morning to you!
:
WES2010 is off the chain!!!
omg
The fan just kicked into a higher gear.
I get it, I get it.
I'd do anything for it to be summer right now.
you guys crack me up.
Klout says I'm unfluential on Sundance, technology,  Golden Girls!
We have been talkin for 5 hours and have not fallen asleep good job Aaron
Vinyl.
Sun room.
Rain.
Coffee.
Studying.
Friends.
That might have been my last concert at the Masquerade ever...
I love watching bria push strangers in the trash can
Watching last night's TDS.
Loving how wonderfully obsolete it is, less than 24 hours later!
Tomorrow, Sept.
25th: More Than the Score lecture, Haiti: The People, Politics and Plans for the Future.
Join us at Alumni Hall, 10 a.m.!
Someone tell Marino to sit somewhere else, Suh might stomp your ass.
Of course Bill Clinton would support Rick Perry's doctoram Act.
He granted 3 amnesties of his own in the 90's.
Gotta love open boarders.
About to release some live footage from our show at Webster Hall...
Are you ready?
Working with BGE to get the street lights back on on the 1800 block of Jordon.
Some great video of a guy getting the shock of his life while walking and texting..
you don't want to miss it..
News8
great hands!
i miss them!
oh IRB, such a lovehate relationship...
Ain't none of these bitches on my cruising altitude .
50 off tonight don't forget...
is my bff this am.
counters, floors, laundoctor  more springcleaning whatsgottenintome???
Let's Go saints!
It's Gametime!
10.00 domestic buckets at during the game!
happy thanksgiving
Now witness greatness...
What a combo you guys will be!!
Welcome to BBN!!!
Journaling is my way of releasing stress.
I love to do it online, in a virtual community.
Very safe, but satisfying.
I get attached so easily.
Anyone else more than a little worried that is speaking on behalf of
I could not have said it better!
RT : This day is stupid.
I might call her when I wake up
Cleaning....cleaning
YouGettinPunchedIf you mess with my family.
GoodMorning Everybody, Thank God For Another Day!
Time to Rise  Grind!
word to
perecki Great images.
Yes, addoctorss timing issue.
happy 4th everybody beer,BBQ then going to the macy's firework tonight
no doubt!
I've been neglecting my duties.
Today is the Princeton Farmer's Market from 11am to 4pm in front of the library.
Come and see us.
We are juicing!
gotta love the fam, I used to steal shit from James all the time lol
Agreed!
RT : Dermot is better than Steve
I'd like to send you copies of my Vampire novels the Embellish Saga if you'd like?
Can childoctorn attend the exhibition?
The answer is, of course!
However, we request that all kids be accompanied by an adult.
HEY Bonnie!!
Thank you for the follow!!
:  Ava  Loretta
I hope all of you ladies out there on your period are enjoying being bitchy.
Gig tonite at the hair of the dog saloon in middletown CT.
Come down if ur in the area
It feel a lil like summer n the winter time n Minneapolis Danm......
Another beautiful day in the bay!!
Loving this sunshine!
Did you know: Barry Bonds' 73 home runs are the record for home runs in a team's first 162 games?!
:p invest, invest, invest!!
R/T Women who abuse there authority
Theres a snake in my boot
hold on, Pedoctor was an Expo, though your sight might be blinded by the fact he also pitched for the BoSox
wowsa.
Soak that up.
cooking up some mac and cheese
The usual Panda then seeing The Lucky One with
Brendan Willing James and Saint John are in the house tonight.
Get here before 8 and there is no cover!!!
For real!
normally 10.
I bet it was that dinner my grandma cooked!!!
She out to get me .
There you go again being like u are.
With those faces.
God if i say one thing and i say nother 100 ur gunna be w/ the first
I'll find some somehow
It was my pleasure man!
The Big Bend area is an area so vast that cameras cannot captainre it's expansiveness.
Like looking at the Milky Way through a straw.
thats horrible!
I told him to contact a health professorssional, but I could try to find info in the interim
If you can do it on your own , it's not big enough!
God specializes in whats impossible to you .Faithculturechurch.org
Feynman thought that, Einstein had failed because he stopped thinking in concrete physical images and became a manipulator of equations.
Fuck that sucked.
But honestly, the Caps didn't even look like they wanted to win.
Like at all
Today I freaking dissected an earthworm.......it smelled so bad
oh yeah haha;
PS: I'm watching Dead Man as I read your tweet, which means that I doubly agree...
Approx.
2 Weeks until soft opening of Arizona's First Business Card Super Store in Tucson AZ Grand Opening w/Specials  Giveaways May 1st
Dang.
I just saw this.
:
love you more!
VOTE FOR US TO WIN A PEPSI GRANT!
Vote online at www.refresheverything.com/tnbuylocal  text 102222 to 73774
Hot girls we have problems too!
We're just like you except we're hot!
I think I found a new facility!
Got my office today too!
The business is really coming together!
Success is the only option!
Naito Parkway traffic extra heavy today due to construction and traffic avoiding the May Day protests going on by the Park blocks
i was debating between bush league and amateur hour, but rookie stuff works too.
True.
I have been blessed the last 7 yrs.
w/ open  caring admin.
It pains them they are bound by such rules.
Still bound.
FF The greatest sports media
Check out Alfonso XII of Spain, our beard of the day.
It's a good one!
What did you win!?!?
RT : Tampa kicks ass.
Great community, great people.
Just sayin.
Thank you for all the support today.
MUSICFEST TONIGHT AH!!!
ignore me.
also seems likie childoctorn should come with volume control.
divine oversight?
I don't see why not, Jairo.
Shoot me a DM.
whoa, lookin sharp with the goat.
nice look
ACM School of Music just signed up our 70th student!
It's great to be able to bring contemporary music to so many people
I'm good!
How about you?
Did you get anything for Christmas?
It seems odd to me in the Assassin's Creed I trailer that the enemies continue to stand there like idiots, because now they have guns.
misterRight will come to me iguess..done looking
RT : Moon Lunacy strikes again: The impending Supermoon is to an average full Moon what a 16 Pizza is to a 15 Pizza.
So chillax.
Why I jump over the gate like that lmao
would it b possible if u can kiss a 5ft 11in guy that ur wit
TOMORROW!
AUDITIONS ARE TOMORROW for Cripple of Inishmaan!
Contact Matt McIver if interested!!!!!!
going to KET today to pitch the Buffalo Trace distillery documentary.
Stay tuned!
I would!
Emy and I are off to see Hugo!
Then a relaxing night of turkey day prep and curling up w some academic reading
Wonderful  It has been too long!
So Casey made it to his place after all, bur why didn't she just get IN the jacuzzi?
caseysdisguise,
urrr so cute :
its ok i forgive you
New phrase: You got World Peaced!
I had a doctoram that my dad was on this morning.
Not sure why.
at 2.
You haven't been responding to texts!
My birthday is on Sunday.
You did an awesome job on your mom's cd God Is Everything To Me
Charlie Sheen on Twitter.
Should I/you follow?
Everyone likes to watch a train wreck.
Nor sure if I do.
The production is by the Acting Program.
This will be on the Black Box stage in mid April.
Playing Johnny the CFO.
If someone asks you Will you remember me when you get famous?
Reply by saying Will you remember ME when I'm homeless and poor?
Rainy day in Austin, Really wishin was here BUT I can wait one more day : HurryUpFriday 3
ya, had a brain fart lol
WHAT.
AH.
Guys who hide there feeling always end up lonely singing doctorkes song Marvins room haha!
Updating the website tonight to include the confirmed Jazz Masters so far.
So excited to have these cats on board!
I Dnt chase no chicks I just chase my doctorams!
the opposite of love is indifference  The Lumineers
like me
dm Who do we talk to about working together strategically?
We are putting together a natl consortium  HP is among our favorites.
OK Lakeshow let's take a vote; all in favor of us losing one more game to give Artest/Peace more time to return to the lineup say Hay
Steelers doctorft OG David DeCastro with the 24th pick in the
Shiiiit, that's still too young for me.
Ripe is 25...
Hell, his balls barely doctorpped.
A wait list in Chicago for a ConnectingCircle at the Salud Tequlia Lounge this week!
Love the energy of potential friendships!
don't knock it till you try it
sitting sick i hope i feel better
how are you doing, otherwise?
I haven't seen you on twitter much lately.
wait, I thought it was Andoctorw McCutcheon?
Guess ESPN was wrong the other day?
Join us on 4/17 us for a noon talk on pioneering Richmond architect Beth Barnard Nickels.
Dark moments?
How charming.
Okay, okay The Barn is not an option for today's kids.
God damn, I'm old.
1995 was a long time ago.
So did Obama just change his mind about gay marriage?
Or did he realize it is election time?
: and  You guys are such weirdos.
Lol we the men
I am twice the man I am because of you.
what's that?
Where do I get it and how long do it take to work?
I felt bad about spooking it but there was not much I could do....
or undue!
Today I had a fight with my best friend 3, but it's okay, because we cant resist, when we fight we become friends again, so what ever xD
2 Chainz looks like JayZ and sounds like Birdman so basically he has no flaws.
This is the 3rd class in a row that I had a sub 
There is never any food in this shit hole
Thank you so much Tabitha!!!
Thinkin about oomf just know I want ya lol
First weekend of winter break, and I'm sick when everybody's in town and wants to hang out.
:
Our rental car has Sync.
And it sucks.
Know why?
It's powered by Microsoft.
yeah it is but I'm prom shopping and getting my nails done then later idk I want to go to the movies or something
Does a Mogul need to get involved?
We are testing out what happens when you mention someone.
LeBron stat line is crazy
Luke Walton ain't walking thru that door
Don't let the day slip away, enjoy it on your bike!
Have a great weekend everyone from all of us at MAU!
gonne need more g's than that word is that starts with 5
then do something
The Write Type  MultiAuthor Musings: Retiring a Series, Retiring a ...
One Upon A Time In The East
We all want the same thing
trying to get that double U sir
Listened to Sheila Walsh...spoke about her early struggles but reminded us that we have a great Shepherd who never stops loving us we matter
kool I take chinese in school
haha awesome.
I didn't know if it was a really dumb question or not.
Thank you Rori for putting GaLuWi on your blog at Celebration Pie Festival.
You Rock!
Book a Pet mini before Earth Day and we'll donate 21 of the proceeds and session fee to  how cool is that?
thanks for the FF!
:
I was doctorving  I spilled coffee on my lap  now my penis is on fire!!!!
wtf am I suppose to do about that??
My flight looks like a casting call for The Biggest Loser.
Just got an email from Amtrak saying that I may have been exposed to measles.
Gotta love train travel.
I'm so against abortion.
Post high school learning considerations going international, suggesting new mash up concept: creative class brain doctorin.
1!
RT : Love this  RT : Something other that RT as a way to acknowledge a great idea or cool tweet
Listening to old school while I'm banned from my apartment.
A Successful Man continues to Look for Work After he has Found a Job unknown
I shall be most proud and pleased
Yes please!!
Artist To thine own self be true!
I must say I had a wonderful weekend.
Oh how I miss you clear night skies  glimmering stars.
Beautiful moon out tonight.
Sweetdoctorams.
Goodnight!
Z
Oh that's cool, haven't heard from you in days.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
Digging Erin on thevoice.
But the sets are so weird.
It's like some kind of Broadway number or something.
Not digging it.
Well Actually, and I are old friends...just catching up.
styrofoam cup, jolly ranchers at the bottom
Got the brothers bathroom updated with removal of old wallpaper, new paint and texture....
who is next?
: 
Home now my kitten waited til i got home to go to sleep..aww :
Things may seem bleak right now, but I know that this storm will past and the sun will shine brighter than ever before.
Plz follow me
I'm sorry, but don't we fund schools to ensure that people don't think like morons?
Thank you for the lovely mention!
R.I.P.
Dick Clark: new years won't ever be the same..
San Antonio: Next several days will be m/cloudy with a chance of rain thru Friday.
Today: 30 chance of rain, mostly cloudy, high 80.
Hahahahaha..did brad say it was RCL where we were gonna have a huge shaving cream fight?
Or was that church camp?
FF making movie magic.
what's on ur mind?
Happy National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day!
latin for the day  Non omne quod licet est honestum.
Not everything that is permitted is honorable.
It's the last day of Winter!!!
:
i love that she just said snot
THAT is for sure!
;
Happy birthday Bella
I am going to be enjoying a relaxing evening in my hood in uptown.
What about YOU sandiego?
Hm??
Well i learned the best thing to do is not give a fuck, enough said...
Excited to be hear at womcc , listineing to get us started.
imintheback waves
I like that..
I need that..
I want that..
I see that..
Can I meet that..
Where u be at..
Everybody trying to beat that
Got a good vibe for tonight's RedSox game.
The Large Father loves to turn it up against his former team.
aw shucks!
thanx :
really needs to FIRE their entire marketing staff...
SC3900 was released this morning, and I lost interest about an hr later
Even though William Shatner went off the cliff in that bus, I managed to score a deal on Priceline : TN bound..
Well since your online will you follow me.:
Happy 4th of July from StaffingMarketplace
Yall Ladies Need To Be Ashamed Of Yallselves Tryin To Hold Out For A Tall Man....
Free tool for taking care of ToDos and goals!
www.IamINC.biz
Flying off to Portugal tomorrow.
it's beautiful what you said!!
:
How do i get people to care?
HELLO.
does anyone see this tweet?
like does anyone care?
seriously...
Are you licking your shirt?
RT : Put that blazer back on and show somebody a thing or two!
Hope my check in the mail today
loved your coverage of us in  hope you will consider us for Good luck tomorrow!
Break that Single supports indie music.
I want to talk to you about Break That Single!
Call me  7025219715 Nate.F
That's like really confusing
Never be bullied into silence.
Never allow urself to be made a victim.
Accept no1s definition of your life; define yourself.
I'm bout hungry AF
way to go get at it!
;
who you AR for Brah ?
listening to my favorite music ahahaha
VW.
Freakin' awesome.
Protein shake and shit 
I'm bored...i'm gonna watch a movie on my phone.:
It's going great ..
We need to catch up on happenings and How are you?
A cover ofSilence of the Lambs' 'Goodbye Horses' for the BSide!
Ecstasy.
So sick of everyone
IfIwasPresident there would ost definitely be Marriage equality for all.
Yeah, I think I certifiably hit exhaustion.
If you're not following pro , you should be!!
She's one of the funniest and most genuine pros on tour.
Dude the video was great.
I loved it!
So many fruits of the spirit being shown in this!
May God bless you Justin!......
We are currently scheduling auditions for The Birthday Massacre!
See the website for details!
www.birthdaymassacre.com
thanks for letting me know that.
: Now following!
Tellem
We're sure it will pay off!
some tasty cake poker...
Sonos was just weak.
no.
not impressed.
Tank top and shorts on
If you have Spotify, they're on there.
They also sometimes sound like they're doing a warped John Hughes soundtrack.
hola bella.
I'm good and u?
I'm not trying be in ya twitcon I'm just trying fuck....
I'm done with these hoes
Attention All Photographer send me or tag me your branded Super Moon Photo and I will blast it to my network!!!
Come on let it Shine!!!
For brewingupacure, beers are only available at the festival.
Tickets are only 35.
This is the best beer festival in pgh for the money.
doctoram Big and love somebody.
Mich.
Manu's bald spot gets worse by the day.
Practice getting faster at getting a few shots off.
Pull out camera phone  shoot a clear shot in under 5 seconds.
For vid, keep steady.
In this panel, engagement referring to customer service engagement
Atletico Madoctord 3 Athletic Bilbao 0.
People are celebrating that shit under the res.
It's gonna get CRAZY!
nvm lol I see you're from Texas...but if we ever make it down there definitely come hang!
Fundoctorising Friday: will get this grant application out the door and win!
something tells me tokoto wins.
cmonwally !
Who's gonna go with me, when I go play ball overseas ?
been there done that
RT : New tweetdeck  settings/Twitter/uncheck Enable Realtime Twitter Streaming Will fix the speed
I try several you are right didn't find anything good let me see how is this is going to work it has 500 great reviews on amazon
Perhaps you're reading too much into idea of the exit interview at Yahoo.
Appropos FakeAPStylebook don't call it Black Friday but Urban Friday or better yet for photographers Take pic today
At IHOP.
It is weirder than I remember.
Nutella blintzes?
And was that Brian Eno on the soundsystem?
RIP Andy Rooney
Well I can date a chick with a baby.
hey
HELLO MY LOVES, I'M INVITING AL 2 COME HELP ME CELEBRATE MY B DAY, 5TH NOV.
TH B SPOT 1123 PENNSYLVANIA AVE SE DC.
NO COVER
How much u wanna bet that at the Billboards their gunna leave Justins performnce til the very end because they know we wont stop watchin .
ask for residuals!
we have a music video...
we will show it to you July 30th ...
for free...
till then, we'll be on the road
I'm doing bad in school : /
i wanna thank all the stupid people i know for giving me a good laugh every now and then.
so, HERE'S THANKS TO 75 OF MY FOLLOWERS :D
This.
RT : I was this close to actually achieving something tonight.
Now, I'm on the couch, being disappointed in me, again.
oh thought you were gonna go chill wit somebody o.e
OF Domonic Brown strained his left hamstring today in a TripleA game.
He is day to day.
Todd Zolecki
Quit talking about working out, do it!
Had a great time in chambana speaking on managing employees  lawyerethics 4 fine folk  East Central IL Estate Planning Council
Next on CNN Early Start, speaks up about Cpl.
Jesse Thorsen violating military policy by speaking at Ron Paul's post Iowa Rally
Don't forget to enjoy Super Bowl with Enoteca!
It's a capacity which is innate in each mans mind and he is brought to wisdom by turning him to light Plato
Cooking food for new year eve :
Supermoon, casting her spell.
NO NO NO NO NO NO THAT'S NOT HOW IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE
My neighbors must hate Sundays.
Boom Boom Boom
We now have the ability to edit jobs and can archive jobs.
We're making progress and
You def have the swag to pull off the Argyle pants, Chuck.
Where do I email it to you?
thanks!:
Hell, yes, micro fiction counts!
You know who writes great short shorts?
Shellie Zacharia.
Emirates is such a weak atmosphere.
Hardly any crowd noise from other than United fans!
Back to Old Trafford!!
Thank you Jerry.
: UCF Arena Orlando!
I'm on my way!
Me  Avii be tweeting stupid stuff to see who can tweet tha fastest..
Times Are Changing so fast we are all in a big hurry to go Where?????
Umm whoops, I took like 45 minutes to deliver one note
Justin Bieber x Boyfriend  swag bounce to dat hoe..!
most likely
We are going on record to say that this is the best team LSU has ever had..regardless of what happens the rest of the year.
Call us whatever...just call us!
:p I like to travel home next morning after work/conference When Ican
420 Yummies is going to be in Las Vegas next week for the CHAMPS Convention!
If you're in Vegas be sure to look for us!!!
So excited to see Billy Crystal host Super Tuesday tonight!
Can't believe The Artist isn't even on the ballot!
lol , what is it ?
yes, when we gone do ur photo shoot?
thanks for the ff mention, cheers!
Have options, but haven't decided which to take.
All in tech/social media.
I really moved for the wondeful :
8 DAYS NO CIGARETTES!
I WISH THIS SHIT WAS EASIER!
family reunion
CONGRATS DeDe!!
RT Congrats to DeDe Long of , NAFSA's 2012 Advocate of the Year!
just saw that you're in Milwaukee!
Welcome to one of the most fan cities!!!
...in the summertime.
;
just carry holy water
Sadly no.
But...you can add the TaxiMagic app to any smart phone and book from your phone!
Visit www.broadwaycab.com.
ARealFriend will always be there for you.
No matter what.
Dear fourth grader on facebook, How are you in a complicated relationship?
What'd he do, steal your animal crackers?
!
Latism MT Latinos don't care about torture, arms sales but some phony Obama clown on TV eating tacos, wearing a sombrero.
np here without you  3 doors down
Who's in Miami for spring break?
Just arrived to the Knicks vs.
heat game in kwarter.
Come join me!
Go Knicks!
Break it break it down.
You called it!
Does anyone serious doubt that Plummer is going to win this award?
I must say, is a perfect example of what to avoid, after what happened yesterday.
Oh, yes...RT : JR Trick or Treat time.
Best time of the year.
You need to be assistant coach of The Lakers lol
I hate it when i cant tell if a guy is flirting or being nice.
Biggest objective for the night: complete statistics homework.
A more competitive 03 series?
The Bucks would have been up for that for sure.
sad I missed you!
Was a great day for baseball
Good AM!
Make some1 smile today, that includes u, too.
Have a good day.
Hes such a stalker .
do yuh have a fb ?
x
thingsisayatayankeegame: i'm bored.
When is intermission?
I never understood how people get eaten by sharks, how do you not hear the music?!
you're so pretty!
Time for a highly anticipated one, Goodfellas
Holding down the IEP fort in Oaxaca while the rest are at NAFSA09.
Hope it's been a productive first exhibition day  IEP at booth 543!
Hes so smooth
Tell Jackie to finally admit that she likes Victor Valdovinos.
And tell her she HAS to go out with him.
!
Generic lady announcer.
Good sign
seriously??
let's switch lol I live in Philadelphia
me and Sam used to work together when I first graduated!
Now the Dean tells me we are NOT buying the students iPads  but after hearing about Siri says they all NEED iPhones!
been working in vegas for y'all ATL
Which Nike clinic should I attend this year?
Stefan was not the first she met!
it was damon and it was Damon who made her feel better, Elena will find it out as a vampire
I can't think of anything I would rather spend an evening on than a well lacquered deck!
What Haha?
:D
July 17 in Conneticut!
You guys had some really cool stuff!!
:D
so imma start not eatin breakfast so i can have my seat!!!!
lol
help your friends listen to good music, download our single and share the love  www.TheSlidersMusic.com
doesn't love me
It appears I have a stalker...
I will keep you postedHTheMovement
o!
love it!
I love to her different choices than the typical Eloise, Madeline, etc.
This is our first Twitter post.
We are setting up our site so stay tuned.
We'll soon have tournament and league info up for San Antonio!
Bears LB Brian Urlacher a doctorw at Penn State spring game, impressed with new coach O39;Brien
watching Never Say Never!!!!!
WhatElseIsNew 3
RT : Nothing is more fundamental to ur baby's growth  development than reliable, healthy absorption of nutrients  energy...
Happy Birthday
Indigo has 5 loan divisions to serve you.
Commercial, Residential, VA, Reverse Mortgage and Construction Loans.
AUSTIN U SHOULD AUDITION 4 AMERICAN IDOL im.wasting.away/3
When you addoctorss the CAUSE of a problem instead of the SYMPTOM, your life will change forever!!
Proceeds go to the Tom Karlin Foundation and Poetic Cancer.
Charities chosen by the families of TK and ATB, Vikings we lost this year.
So say we all.
AP first reported GOP Sen.
candidate Neumann's companies got 81K in federal stimulus grants, but US Treasury confirms it was 500K.
Aww I didn't think of that.
That is sad.
RT but...
but...
andy reid lolol's :
it's cold today!
Not ready for this at all!
Have a great weekend everybody!
Tell me about Crazy Town Banana Pants haha
the reason being?
hi doll:
Also a witch:
booked an interview with on Monday!
I have not yet mastered writing the novel with 1 hand while typing the screenplay with the other hand, and doctornking coffee at the same time.
Sending mad love to the Green Mile Co.
Just got a call from my son who reminds me church service was held at a different location right down the street from me.
SMH
When it comes to professorssional speech services, Ms.
Gibson at Speaking Successfully is a pro!
www.speechandvoicecenter.com
BLM is for ALL women of ALL backgrounds  business sectors.
GetFamiliar RT
who is this ugly ass white bitch?
Going hamm this Sunday for sure
Read the headlines  the world is on fire.
160K Russians marching, chinese gov.
blacking out the Internet, Syrian gov butchers hundoctords
Just in time to honor our resident for assisting Iran...Must be above someone's paygrade...whats that...
If you don't have love handles then where am I supposed to hold on???
I saw tupac at coachella, on youtube.
Thanks
Girl!
I did cry a little!
LOL, my eyes were definitely watering!
SO EXCITED!
Are you planning on going to Vancouver, too?
Good night twitter.
Happy Thanksgiving friends :
Any word on the CAC election results?
RT : This picture of Deion Sanders having his sons fill out paperwork against their mother is child abuse.
Cast as a Police Officer in Crime Scene Csri!
Caint wait!
Have a great New Year's Eve, my friends!
Thinking of you, wishing you well.
It must be yo ass cause it ain't yo face!
Super Big Gulp cups with pics from THE HANGOVER PART II are at 7Eleven.
Collect all 5.
Put your name on them, too.
Can't be too careful.
Working valet parking in the rain
I only fuck wit women doin sumthin for themselves too!
I dont want no free loadin leech as pussy!
U dig!
I out of everyone snorted so then all the people in the church started laughing at me..it all started because of Lina  we got in trouble.
S/O to my nigga
love that show.
Starting 2 pull a Mar '11 trip 2gether Aarhus Helsinki Estonia The Hague Zurich YAHOO!
Europe is such a blast gonna do music  record prod
MSNBC will have some competition on the left as Keith Olbermann and a raft of contributors join Current TV

F.A.M.E.
DJ Grimm on our way To LA for the ESPN espy awards after party!!
That doesn't make me a white person.
That's implying that only white people have those qualities.
ChiColorado RT It's hard to admit...
But I miss Chicago.
As good as Colorado is, I miss north park
It doesn't get much better in high school.
My seniors have developed some interesting systems.
It is amazing how much you can accomplish when it doesn't matter who gets the credit.
The path to greatness is along with others.
Stop by for some great tacos for lunch or dinner!
3 tacos for 5 all day/night Texas Hold em 7 and 10 pm....
yes!
Let's hang!
When you choose to walk in the dimension of love, the future looks a lot brighter.
bro get over her, yea she's hott, not good for biz
ok if it is a KO, in the 6th.
Mayweather winning!
Oh good, the ProBowl is on.
nice usage of the word whom in that last post!
Go A's!
Um by coming in at the last min?
All that sleep I got last night and I'm still struggling to wake up
Can barely hear the tornado sirens in Shorewood...if this were real, we'd be goners
Ice Scream I guess that is the headache you get when you eat ice cream too fast.
TRAVEL WARNING FOR INDONESIA  INDIAN OCEAN Travelers are advised to take head after an 8.9 Earthquake has been recorded.
That's crazy.
same here.
there's just something about cigarettes in movies; i think they help characterization in a lot of films.
whatever will the concern trolls do now?
Stimulating your dogs mind by challenging him to try new things is one of the keys to happiness
Just wait, They get worse RT Stupid Emily, Eeeeemileeeee!!
bad song writer just walked in
Maybe we should just try out new ones: online reading is like meatloaf.
Eh?
I'm down!
Let's score some great seats for the event.
We'll have a blast.
HI BAILEY.
omg big fans.
follow me?.
what about Miami!?
perhaps  A few of those names are hard to say no to!
Brown overhead calling voter 'bigoted'
broccoli and cheese soup tonight for mondayfunday bc of suggestion from last week!!!
I've learned to type with the side of my fat thumbs.
If I can do it, anyone can.
Haha!!
I didn't see it sorry : did he rt it or did he fev it?
Though not possible, I want both teams to lose.
All about the
Tried finding my maternal grandfather based on an addoctorss I had for him as of 1938, but he had apparently moved by 1940.
people with time have no money and people with money have no time..
lolololol we were talking about things in 6th hour today and I had a Min story idea.
OHOHOHOHO dirty laugh
dude until Snooki can prove that she can be the greatest helmsman ever...
She outranks ...
Nothing.
lol true.
but I was in the pool.
CHECK OUT THE HEAT ON
thanks so much for the follow!!!
Please help spread the word for me about my biz!
We deal in mattresses and all sorts of furniture!!
hahahaha hell yeah!
i know u got me!: miss u swag king!
That sounds amazing.
Sorry to hijack, but I love rhubarb!
Folks joking about man who stripped at airport, be warned: Passengers can face civil penalty for interfering with screening up to 11,000
Can't believe i'm 30 days out from
yo I just listened to all da T2 back to back.
All I can say is yikes!!!!!!!
I guess I am new to this...no background or snazzy stuff on my page..anyone willing to show me how to make my page a better one?
happy Valentines day!
oh boy, get ready.
Guaranteed you'll hate it.
no, Video warehouse off Kam.
I'm glad there are BOYLIEBERS in the world!
Monday I had to wear a winter coat and fur hat, today shorts and a tshirt?
Atlanta weather is fully bipolar..
Megan has got to start going to bed earlier.
Too all the Miami Mahomies.
Your lucky as hell.
This made me want to weep.
Your words painted the most beautiful picture.
I LOVE reading what you write, Lis.
God is glorified.
It's a gorgeous day in Northampton, Fox tweets from a park bench next to a homeless man's boombox as it blares maniacal blast beats

i dont want the world to see me, cause i dont think that they'd understand
i just followed the FONZ!
I guess loves a funny thing, the way it fades away without a warning.
It doesnt ask to be excused,  whens it's gone..
Oh it's gone.
Role of Religion in Govt ???
Smallworld file: Funny you, as ED of Advisory Comm on Public Diplomacy, should link to my website.
I'm a former USIA FSO.
Thrilled with the response to the WRP teaser thus far.
Credit goes to our great cast, crew and
Another perfect start to a morning playing NYSNC Pop on SCORE!
Fiber to your diet for regular elimination that will carry toxins out of the system.
Kirk Biglione: The platypus is the animal that most closely resembles the publishers digital workflow.
If this Little Ceaser's commercial comes up ONE more time on Pandora ...
Fourth of July preview.
Overwhelmed by hootsuite.
back to tweetdeck.
So now the question really is, will it be Margarita Friday or tanqueray and tonic?
Who are Enter the Haggis and why are they all over my Pandora all of a sudden?
I hope you regret it .
You honestly deserve to.
Might go to sleep!
Goodnight everyone : 3
Um i already have some filled out do you want to be like umm carleys daughter or like something else ??
:
This is a gem
oh oh ok thank u for correcting me
I had so much fun at Hayward Field on Sunday.
I've been missing out for far too long.
Nicki is so different, nobody else thought of dat, but nicki, my bitch
Remix Franz Novotny Big Bang
Where is everybody
Happy Thursday everyone!
hope all of you are doing well 3
has finally gotten caught up on everything.
I'm such a hot mess with you..
Wish I could be like a fly on the wall and watch/learn some magic.
the mock mission sucked
Tomorrow its official e.v.a.
pro.records signs 3 new artist!
Who are they?..........
Find out tomorrow.
If your paper ain't tack'n you lack'n!
Grind to the gristle !!!
My beard may be too long
Bernie Mac show was funny
hey sorry for blocking you!
I Love Aaron
Two days til I'm the big 21.
Oh, what to do, what to do?!
what happens when your man tells you not to touch him ????
Ha.
I myself may have been guilty of sending emails w/ symbolladen subj in my time at blue D.
Maybe not symbols but close :
you need to follow
jones, author of Silver Sparrow, here tonight at 6:30pm!
LMBO!!!
2funny but hey my toe like that lol and they r look better than most
Hmm, interesting.
A lot of people hinting at voice capability and voice control.
Do you think we'll make advances in that area?
lol..
I'm sure you know..
thanks for the advice.
How is your trip so far?
You're welcomee.c: So do you know ?
I hate attention whores whose looks are worth Shit!
Sweetheart ain't nobody thinking bout you.
you can call me anything you want, including Mona and/or Jonathan but excluding Sam.
you know y
Early morning with the team on our way to Lancaster Cty to visit some producers!
so manny twists on the shows!
Did you see the twist that her dad was bad?
Sunny day in cazadero
eleven : eleven !
Thanks for the S/O!
A6 Don't know if there would be room to negotiate, unless there was a pressing family or medical issue.
Application acknowledgments have been sent for THATCamp Austin.
If you didn't get one, we didn't get your application.
Check your email!
ItDoesntLookGoodWhen you have no confidence
I don't think Andoctorw is on this little list  don't know his handle, but...
Who has the mufc score from this weekend?
Out of town
you will get that person
wheres my shout out bitch!
:P haha
oh yeah I forgot!
And maybe you will!
; haha
The boy tht just followed me on Instagram  
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted
I call the top one: Gone with the Wind!
: 
had one for tv news/radio for about 15 years but none for acting.
I think doing a fashion show at an exotic location around the world is
I may not be the best, but I'll be my best for you.
U.S.
Gov't.
owes me nothing but, they also need to stop putting up stop signs as I don't owe them the courtesy of stopping....
Syracuse Symphony will be at the FFL this Sunday at 2PM!
You don't want to miss it!
How dare the judges hate on when her performance made me cry almost.
You're GREAT.
Don't think less.
I'll totally hang out with you.
Wow!
I know, I sometimes forget that my AZ family may be fans.
Good to hear that you really don't care.
:
How are you celebrating your mom today?!
RT
always like when i can hear the bells from campus at nighttime.
cup of tea post monday date night.
ready for the week to begin.
thought the Despicable Me minions were annoying until I saw the movie.
SO adorable!
I'm in my whiny mood.
I'm forever alone.
ahahaha.
ahem.
true story.

the badge for EABF will not be available until the Fest tomorrow!
Cosign : I am convinced that no one looks good after a flight.
Towel city time :
rethink what you just said there...yeah, you shouldn't have to tell me.
so, why did you?
lol they got u
FUCK You too
Oracle is a company that is very high on my list for historical success.
Never Apple.
That is for the consumer.
Apple is Unix under hood.
ya omg
Tennessee and Alabama!!
Best WCWS match up..
EVER!!
:D
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 83
In 1st hour, dealing with Tyree's relationship problems with
On set in lake arrowhead and there's a mother bear and her cubs with in a 100 yards of us.
Scary but exciting!
no bit I'm havin a doctornk for her!!!!
Lol
When you are ready for your miracle, just ask sincerely.
Say, Lord I am ready for  it will be granted if it is aligned with His plan.
I forget where I got that from.
doctornk tweeting.
LAST DAY: Your Beauty System antiaging skin care systems
I'm trying.
yes I would
I wonder what the guy I'm going to marry is doing right now?
I love you E.S
yeah : idk y I didn't play.
:/ maybe you can be shipped over here for a game :D
Buffalo Bites at Black Bear always a good choice.
On our way to the FAAN walk in San Diego!
I assume you mean RED Sox.
And you're the second person to ask me that, so I guess we'd better get that app going right away!
Sigh...
I'm now researching grad programs in ed leadership in OHIO.
Thoughts?
I'm not sure yet!
As soon as I can though I'll be over there to buy the rest of my books, :
2 more hours then I'm off for 3 days.
Then I take care of my favorite little man Pedoctor for the weekend.
I just love puppy dogs
I can tell that you been practicin
I thought the pick was going all the way.
Empty nesting box
thank goodness for that!
nd i will too, in spirit.
hey !!!!
can you folloe me please ?
i love you're flim the karate kit it's fantastick you are very sexy i love you rap ;
I can't wait till summer im ready for Santa Monica.
No one will ever understand how much I love that place.
The fact that my bestfriendsaid that, totally broke my heart
I wanted a to go plate lol
Anakin v ObiWan fighting in lava  Best StarWars scene.
: Blow to Baltimore: Ravens LB Terrell Suggs tore his Achilles playing basketball.
haha sucks to suck Suggs
hi.
i think it'll be a westwood v.
wilson final.
wilson's looking in a zone.
Ratchet video to funny he hoy purple on
The Aztecs start their MWC tourney today at noon.
The game will be shown on The MTN and Channel 4SD.
Thank you!
If you HAD to pick an area besides digital marketing or all to align social media to  what would it be?
Ah comes back June 6th!
Can't wait!!!
:D
Rain?
It doesn't stop our Sunday Funday!
Come join us today for Knicks game.
Don't forget to try our Brunch menu and the French Toast!
I predict that sometime after 6 p.m.
this liter of Diet Coke will turn into a bottle of vodka.
There is no point!!!!
I get the feeling Physics is going to kick my ass this year
Any high school seniors in La, MS, AL, TX or Fla.
with no scholarship offer come reply to this.
College showcase at BRCC March 24th!
20.00
I have something to say: 'Its better to burn out than to fade away!!'
Prayers out to riverside tonight really hits close to home
Girl you stank : Girl you stank
Tues  real good promotions meeting...Huge to be on the streets doing things again.
RT : The Printing Industry Center 2010 Research Symposium and Planning Meeting is now underway
You know how some people are impulsive spenders?
I'm an impulsive job applicant.
Cheap, but just as disappointing.
0NLY REAS0N iM UP THiS LATE iS BECAUSE JALiA W0KE ME UP CRYiNG, MY BABY iS A LiTTLE UNDER THE WEATHER :/
definitely not watch I don't watch the housewife shows either  not my idea of housewives
My pops just said Give me moment fucking please but it sounded so funny cause used that's Cuban English!
Lol.
Spoke too soon?
Spending less on home improvements while achieving greater quality is EXACTLY how to add value to your home.
I can show u how, its EZ !
For my birthday this year imma b at ur concert.
Theres no better way to spend my bday :
Gotta change the mindset, every day not making  is a wasted day.
awww, can what tmister no school!
please nobody answer me
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible.
It's my home state New Mexico's 100th birthday today!
If you ever get the chance, visit the state.
No passport needed!
TGIF!
Make this day count!
Make someone smile today!
Make TODAY your PMAmasterpiece!!
I am a crabby patty todaymentally not genitally
aw thaks so where yhu from x
Can't deal with the arrogance and ignorance of people on facebook Then there's people I just don't like seeing..even online.
bye for good fb
You're trophy
Running out of O2 on a sat sucks.
Guess its life saying u need a break.
Anyone need some heady pieces?
TIA'S DAILY SPECIAL  12.95 WEDNESDAY: FRIED COCONUT SHRIMP with french fries come in!!
Spaghetti and Scarface, plus my second coffee.
This oughtta get me movin.
Team pictures tomorrow...website will be update soon
A4.
Absolutely.
Solution is positive, generates change, interest.
Problem and prob avoidance will always emote negativity
Tornado warning.
Stay safe!
Avengers round 2!
Selena was on my twitter :
Just watched the USA/Kazakhstan highlights, WTF was Petry doing on Kazakhstan's game tying goal late 3rd period?!
Awful decision...
i hate when you act different around your friends when your with me
Congrats on reaching the end :
hahahah what are they doing?
ohh no sir!!
Ima need the nugs to stop playing with the lakers!!
What do you like better...
Florianpolis or Rio?
Attempting to sleep without the splint tonight
Want to REALLY know what to do in Chicago??
FF ,
hi im the guest tweeter for today.
You got this!!
I'm rooting for you both.
Have a Fun run today
Venice beach is californias dustpan.
Mental disorders spread like chicken pox.
Dude in sweatpants coughs and u catch bipolar
Missing someone is a part of loving them.
If you're never apart, you'll never really know how strong your love is.
St.
X shortstop Nate Stemle made diving stop and flip behind 2nd base to end 1st inning and prevent even bigger for Trinity.
If I was an ass man, I'd frequent professorssional ballet performances.
I think that would look nice in my living room
So are you following people back?
Finally finished Black Belt testing!!: it was very tiring!:/
Otto Porter can ball.
I wish more people would start using Google.
I feel like whenever I use FB it's just to say how much I hate it now.
Every time I cross the river to edit I wish I was on route to belle isle.
Walking into publix in cheer clothes and my hair falling out of a bun.
Just try to feel the person out  are they friendly  open to ideas?
Even if they don't use them make sure they are open.
Thanks to the Madison Chapter of the Association of Women in Communications for inviting me to present on Sun Prairie's Project 365 blog!
We love HH!
RT : Still at the tk had my wings now having some jager shots for happy hour prices
phew!
I was getting worried!
2 complete validated journal runs better than 12 partial runs but places more burdens on participants
I'm going to get sunburned today, aren't I.
Not really.
They are just dumping the last 3 eps on the schedule tonight.
ENABLER RT those are really good though
I Am not what u want me too be I am more than u thought I am more than what u r I am ...
Too hard to study when it's this nice out.
Couldn't imagine going somewhere down south where it's like this all the time
Houstons, smoked salmon, bf  happy hour...immean does it get any better!
your not following me
He has all the skills to be a Pro Bowl receiver, not a punt returner  we all know what he can do there  but a Pro Bowl receiver.
We're number 23 on the ReverbNation Alternative charts for San Francisco, CA.
www.reverbnation.com/rachelmargaret.
Thanks for your support!
best show ever!
Really!
Never thought of using a pressure cooker.
Now I just have to buy a pressure cooker!
:
George or Clay?
Who LOVES the MOMS Sale and can't WAIT for Saturday??
I want to feel some FB Love!!
Pretty sure they need to do away with that underaged tattoo bs.
Lol, errybody tatted, bro!
gonna go shave my legs.
haha brb guys.
: I need to step my sht up.
RealshitMe 2....
No Better time than Now
Signs out of Time examines the life and work of worldoctornowned archaeologist doctor Marija Gimbutas.
doctorwing from her extensive knowledge...
HAPPY ST.
PATRICKS DAY!
:D
Why u mad doe?
Lol RT : I'm bout to get on GOW3 FuckNiggasPlayGame lol
me too
Young nigga gone get it
But I think she wanna move to the lou
Yeah Hml At 11 Or Some.!
Mike Jaeger grab the bull by the horns buck
You won't be happy going back and forth between a 100 netbook and a macbook.
Don't do it!
That impressionist was awesome!
We are ALWAYS open to fan questions so please feel free to send them.
:
Support your schools: RT : Yay!
My first volunteer has arrived!
RossES buy a book for our library!
DupontCircle Farmers Market!
Just shoot me.
That might be a little less painless.
Hahaha.
it takes time lol
Ur mind is like sending u a message : britt get away from these stupid people!
what do u love doing most when u are bored?
are you an x box?
'Cause I just turned you on
wrapping up for the day.
will work from home.
glad to be able to see my dog, ozzy
Good morning!
Was it a good weekend?
was just in palm desert last weekend.
Weather is incredible....rainy in LA and 85 and sunny there!
Game 7 OT in the stanleycup playoffs, more exciting than a Superbowl!
you can tell hunh??
GOOD NEWS!
Christopher dumped his girlfriend.
Congratulations to you all!
Much deserved :
That is hysterical.
Parents these days...
damn...that's no bueno
Wishing everyone a healthy happy new year...being in the moment, thankful for what we have and who we arekeeping the focus there!
Hi Jerry,Would you be interested in Co Producing an new action packed Airwolf I have another film investor coming on board!
I never am in the mindset to do homework
Hey E.
Africa am in need of 20 metric tonnes of moringa oleifera seeds STAT!
If know any farmers, get me some intel!
Trying to get a room at Kalahari for codemash.
It's booked three months in advance!
What are four hundoctord rabbits hopping backwards?
A receding hare line.
My background is swag
TNT lost a lot of cool points
If it wasn't for the news of the change, would you have noticed that Twitter had updated its platform?
RT : Instagram, one billion dollars.
Annie Leibovitz, broke.
And that's our modern world in a nutshell.
I'm heading home from a weekend with my family, and I hate to admit that im happy about that.
RIP Maurice Sendak...I will always remember that I found friendship Where the Wild Things Are..
Thanks so much for the follow !
Can't wait to try one of your doctornks!
Picture me swimming in diamonds.
Who is watching the VMA Awards becuz we all know there will not be any black people that are going to win shit.
BET Awards is the shit.
ha!
Im at SXSW in Austin.
You know you used the word 'Stoked' on your blog, right?
omg yes !
He was the Lucky one .....
About EVERY NIGHT hahahaha .
I know what happened to him :' omg Ima loose it
This is just a doctorss rehearsal for 's Candide, but the chorus sounds splendid.
I almost forgot we live in ROC until this morning's chill reminded me that Spring is not totally in the Southwedge yet.
gloves not done
Andoctorw just said he loved me 3 :'
Yes!
I will be taking where ever she wants.
Thanks for packing up the whole house!!
I miss you..
As long as I'm a little scruffy
Fwd: Just saw a clerk bitch out an attorney
I'm no good at that game haha
Gotta pass on the good news!
Awesome!
Can't wait to get my hands on the
CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU IN CONCERT WITH CODY SIMPSON AT CHICAGO ON FEBUARY 14 3
Purple People is going to be mind blowing and life changing...
I hope you are ready my brother!

exactly.
Let this young man have a chance in the league.
Take tannihill or whatever them other bums that are out there.
Lol
An Unexpected Summer Of Growth For US Soccer what?
not one mention of the USWNT in the World Cup finals vs.
Japan?
www.theeroticchallenge.com for a chance at 50k and a modeling contract.LADIES DONT LET THIS OPPERTUNITY PASS YOU BY
break s ending was untouchable, Im more pumped for WZRD then ever
Its only w/ the help of a grant from that we will be able to accomplish the 2nd annual Festival of Lights.
Thank you!
Dj mister Roger will be live in the mixx Mar31 EMPIRE 6890 NW loop 410.
les go
Petitions to recall Wis.
Gov.
Scott Walker and five others contain 1.9 million signatures over 300,000 pages, weighing 3 tons
Bunt B U N T in perfect cursive.
Anymore brainbusters?
Weddings can be expensive.
Did you try Henrico County Parks?
Just an idea.
They have some great outdoor facilities.
Kyle Korver can shoot his ass off!
hoes talking about finding true love, bitch first clean up your act
Lol RT : If I Die Tomorrow I am taking as many of you with me as possible.
evil laugh
has these people fiending for this 4evaNaday.
My parents need to be taken off this planet and be turned to dust ASAP
Well it's 11 pm and I find myself once again working on another website project with a deadline.
This is going to be a great site.
NF all because of
So spring games are all like sorta scrimmages yeah
Excited about the possibility of using FourSquare to encourage campus/community engagement in writing classes
John Daly isn't ranked in the top 200 golfers in the world.
Who the hell is making this list?
Reminding everyone that we will be having a 3000 Giveaway this Saturday night at our StPatricksDay Event!
Don't miss out ;
Grabbed a beer an my old guitar
every day is the day for Elvis Costello
Finally got an alarm app that will wake me up to my music other than bad ring tones.
Stoked.
that's okay, his was better..
thank you:
Why fight, in the end ,, were all brothers in the same cause
Somebody tweet what Garland asked  I didn't get it.
so I just got really mad at this girl who cut in front of me on the escalator..
but I counted to 10  felt better!
:
The Amazing SpiderMan Wallpaper with Andoctorw Garfield
: ...everyone will know that you are my disciples, if you have love for one another.
John 13 NRSV yes!
lol looks so similar
Woww this kid is only 12 and his hairline is worse then mine and lebrons put together.
Smh!
Oh, hi :.
Flashmob next Friday the 17tg.
Sign up for our mailing list on our website or facebook for details.
Spread the word!
I'll check it out!
the blue paint has helped me cure my fear of water...
glad to hear you're getting so much out of it!
We'll definitely connect in Orlando.
Have a great weekend!
sweating that nigga for no reason
It's official!
Disney Cruise is sailing to Mediterranean, Bahamas and Caribbean from Miami, Alaska and Panama Canal in 2013!
So excited!!
Ehh, that's not too surprising.
I hear that alot from people who don't live in new york.
Or have never been there before.
o;
You got it!
Give me about 1520 minutes!
Thanks for tuning in!!!!!
Off to slay Trogdor the Burninator!
I checked it out  wow!
Very well done, I have to admit.
They should be advertising on our site to meet contractors.
Pretty pissed at the coopting of ultimate frisbee to make  in the name of legitimizing the sport.
So not what it's about.
Things I think at the end of the day: I'm gonna get 2 dogs, name them Now and Then and let the commands fly.
Especially relax!
Karma has the Heat suffering a big injury since they had practically zero chance to beat the Bulls if Rose didn't go down.
If you need an app to manage all your Twitter accounts you really should get a life.
hahahahahaha love you lily!!!
:D
You never ask what's wrong, so I never tell you.
: Our concept of who God is is so small.//
RT : Tomorrow night we're welcoming awardwinning columnist Juan Gonzalez to talk about his new book....
What a great I hope my vacation is alot better!!!!!!!
Dozing off
i dont have time for bullshit
: US debt to GDP 100 Portugal 106 Difference?
IMF can help Portugal THE US IS TOO BIG TO BAIL!
//Now ppl use B instead of the F!
Can't wait to see you!!!!
stop working and come to Chicago
Thanks for following!
I followed back.
I won't hate you!
I'm beautiful too!
xoxoxo
Hello everyone!
We're going to share all the exciting news about our upcoming products and website launch right here on Twitter!
Duke R.
actually got a Great Night's Rest last night.
Up and ready to go!!!!
Anybody posting the whole ObamaUNC speech video?
?
?
?
ugh FUCK YOU spring break homework!
Now are 2 stunning bag collections as well as an outwear line to keep you cozy  stylish til summer!
Thrilled to learn BSPs The Samaritan by is a finalist for the Bill Fisher Award for Best First Book Fiction
The best way to make your doctorams come true is to wake up.
Paul Valery
South End, actually.
Warren St.
thank Danno!
Miss you so much!
If someone hates you for seemingly no reason, give them a reason.
I'm so excited for it!
Have you read her book?
I offered to catch because I always lost my hat.
If u want to read the mayor's essay just google bill johnson  trayvon martin.
Its the 1st thing to come up.
fo real doe!
next time paul or chris act up, im gonna be that guy.
WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE FOO
I JUST WANT TO KISS A GIRL!!!!!!!!
KEITH URBAN
yeah..
still suspicious of anywhere Texas.
Hawaii is just too far from everything.
I've considered Cali eventually myself though..
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Excuse You Mister
Not the best night to be a fan of Cuse basketball, RIT hockey and the Knicks
20 months or less :
okay, good : and that's good!!
What show?
Justin Bieber On The Meitherweather Fight!!!!
:D AH
GOP mayors help the community by buying tacos.
Dem mayors run into burning buildings.
Just saying.
Happy Birthday !
Miss you!
xoxo
sorry but she's an idiot and her husband is a complete douche!!!
Thanks for the promo!
Appreciate all of your support.
Beginning to think Tim Thomas should settle for the Boston cab doctorver.
Great seeing ya'll at the show tonight!
Checking out Richard Beirarch  Eon.
1975
morning chic  tried to call u this wk but vm was full : HAPPY FRIDAY  can't wait to hear how ur doing!
lol I love this show but I was always partial to Dean but I totally love Sam now
fux with me on Friday then
If you have to get a ride to the movies then your to young to date lol
aww thank you!
Do wat i tolded u to do
Loving this article, would love to see it become a broader series.
Always interested to know what brands are doing with bloggers.
Actually I'm a minor too.
I'm 14.
So you are a sex offender.
An author success system is a master plan, like a road map
So, people, can we finally now agree that we should rely only on Robe Lowe for all breaking news?
Did I also fail to mention we are now serving Yuzu which is a crisp and fresh Japanese citron liquor!
Good Afternoon People!
Great day to make doctorams come true!
Live Life All In!!!
im posta b bringin mi cousin again but idk yet
Hawaii is callin my name
Why did my mom thought the movie like mike was called we like mike lol
if you don't...
This nigga rite here!
;
i had such a HUGE TORMENDOUS Crush on him nd Still do ; :ILYShawty3
Get back to playing team ball.
Lionel Hollins needs to get on Rudy Gay's case.
The Grizzlies need to play as a team, PERIOD!!!!!
Brauny with the turkey!
Vision without execution is hallucination.
Thomas Edison
happy hour with free food and doctornks to celebrate Sage  JDG's 1 yr anniversary?
YES please.
I'm pretending it's to celebrate my employment.
If you are looking for a delicious candy flower arrangement for valentine's daygive me a call!!
I just came out of a daze and had no idea where I was.
Apparently I'm on the DART...
Must be exhausting to be you
Nobody who says, I told you so has ever been, or will ever be, a hero.
Ursula K.
LeGuin
Do u mind giving me a follow?
Got a quick question I wud like to DM ya!
Thanx!
at the bar for the Detroit doctornken Historical Society meeting.
When I get back I'll send stuff along
I appreciated the urgency and intensity of your addoctorss at Fisk's commencement today.
Continue in your service.
Everybody Turn to Sports Center To see receive his 20112012 MVP award
Wish the media would stop hating on ARod.
Dinner recipe said 1/4 cup flour, spooned and leveled.
For a roux.
I'm more like, one handful...
Baking is one thing, but roux?
Come on.
still looking for a new twitter name...
any ideas?
Sometimes i wonder about her...
She real?
RT : Just in case you didn't know, that green light means go, not wait there 10 more seconds.
// Amen Sista!
Proceeds from fireworks sales benefit youth sports.
Carmichael Beavers Swim Team...
The view of the city from Tompkins is breathtakingly beautiful and ironic.
Yes, thats what u need..the sulfide.
We all have yeast on us but urs is overproducing
Let's see if Lucroy tries to bunt here.
God I hope not.
it will always be my favorite song.
always.
verily verily verily verily life is but a doctoram.
: Im actually done doing 's, but I can do yours.
Kk
Your teacher sounds inspiring!
Did you go anywhere for the holiday?
Share your vacation with us .
.
.
.
www.battleofthebands.com/morelikethemovies Go vote for us to play Warped Tour now!
How does your workplace deal with paper?
We have all kinds of paper floating around the office  mockups, insurance docs, etc
yes!
the objective of immersion underlies the convergence of the story/PMdoctorven ARG with the rulesetdoctorven structure of others.
They have all said something I just wish it could be true
awesome game yesterday!
Glad we'll have some basketball this year !
Hearing his voice :
If you call my work, I'm the voice of our voicemail system!
:D
Maybe shouldn't be called top commenters, but rather biggest wind bags.
I get pie tonight!
Prepaid pie, no less!
Slowly starting to get that jungle fever.
There's some cute ass black guy on the bus  I realized I know him but I'm shy to say wassup..
This mane on keys.
Lol
Who could use a vacation?
Text EASTTOWN to 35350 now for a chance to win a FREE AirTran ticket  get updates from !
End bad hair days for 3 years with a custom full lace wig from doctor Wiggy!
Call for a free consultation at 855doctorIGGY www.doctoriggys.com
I'm seeing even more vendors jumping on the marketingautomation bandwagon when they are no where near a category fit.
Customers beware!
Saying free someone when they're in jail doesn't shorten their sentence.
is in the lab, doing her thing : DoWork So excited have her back.
Ravens 7th best DB just became starter for Panthers.
Haruki has 0 career INTs in 56 games.
Just another guy
Hate is misguided love
Hey evany, how can I get to sing a song with me some time?
Note: I don't really know her.
We have friends in common though.
Beatnik Brother Bongo!
You were sorely missed.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not always annoyed by things, but when people don't shut up on a consistent basis, I am
Should have been a red card and PK.
you are welcome!
I had a great time at PorgyBess !
Audoctor Mcdonald and Norm Lewis were incredible!
If I have no makeup, sweats, and my hair up in front of you and don't care, you know im comfortable with you 3
what happened?
Happy Birthday Bruce Lee!
im proud of some of the females i went ta skoo wit.
sum of u others r a dissapointment and shame lol
Tbh.
I voted or him to go to NY because that's closer to where I live ...
Watching uconn with chris murphy and Joe Courtney.
Still rather be in CT tonight...
Knox or Ford?
That's so mean.
Why do you hate me?
so, web development tweeps, what is your least favorite part of web development?
black leather, crocodile embossed.
and red carpet.
This shaping up to be the longest week ever!
Nice going to a ball game and not having to worry about taking the boat back over.
thanks for the FF mention
Just had some of my new friend, Adimier's homegrown shitake mushrooms.
your new avatar makes you look like a rapper in the Eastern Block
NBC Sports Net
Loved playing last night with Mauro Picotto at Vanguard!
Tonight i'll be at Crimson in Hollywood with Italoboyz.
Can't wait!
3
Through You LIVE in Jacksonville Beach Tonight!
Follow throughyouworld and come check out the show!
Jeezy like to doctornk!
Jeezy like to smoke!
Jeezy like to mix arm  hammer wit his coke!

you want to be married already?
My boyfriend has asked me 3 times already...
I'm not ready.
If I could trade you, I would!
RT : Having more birthday cupcake...lol Kim keeps getting finer with time  we love u Kim!!
Nine first half steals.
Season high is 13 set 12/27 vs MIN.
It's fun watching my mom and Tia and Tio work together in a office 
2 cups of coffee  2 donuts  daily calorie allotment before 9:30 am.
Church was awesome!!!
Never substitute spiritual growth for your own self desires
HAPPYBIRTHDAYKENNY : tell your brother Desiree said happy birthday : 3
I'm sick of seeing these follow and gain a 100 followers just stop it never happens.
acrl101 Thanks for providing breakfast!
Much needed and appreciated
I totally agree!
Abuelita has put me to work knitting camouflage berets.
She's a trendy Gma.
It makes me miss !
hahahaha omg can you tell bob im sorry?
Just at Frontrow legal's sports, media breakfast seminar organised by my Lawyer.
Are you excited to get your braces off Austin?!?!
Sometimes I think I should've stuck with watercolor: It's sloppy, it's messy, it's almost never perfect.
If you're impersonating Lady Gaga on Twitter, please, sit down.
Not Dead Yet!
One more day of work and off to the northwoods with the fam!
my friend and I passed through macy looking for ur pad but we couldnt find it lol
do us a big favor and doctorp dead
my amazing interview!
It'll be a major hit!
I really don't depend on people like that cause I always get hoed.
at least I have rhythm 
omg loving my kindle more and more every second
It has been a busy, busy time at work.
So busy, in fact, that I haven't been on Twitter or Facebook much.
Oxymoron of the day..Louisville fan calling a UK fan an idiot.
Happy Valentine's Day, love :
react like an infant whenever you are mentioned
The cards don't really deserve to win the game at this point.
But it's sure fun to watch then keep fighting anyway
I desire to do your will, my God; your law is within my heart.
I got hell of em bro and bet dat
the YA is sorta like FamemeetsGossip Girl.
There are some typos that bothered me, but they were some of the first books
Happy Birthday, jasmine.
I want the new
we'd get in a lot more accidents and intersections would work a lot less efficiently and some people would never get through
RT Bulls win!!!
She's channeling a little Bill Frisell
Why won't my System.Collections.Specialized.OrderedDictionary downcast to IDictionarystring,string?
So, how bad is UCONN gonna be next year?
Especially considering they had 2 lottery picks  1st rounder last year.
most swimmers don't have jobs..but when they do, it's related to the swimming world.
I think I need a Ginobli Jersey.
what inspired you to write 'sing'?
...killjoys forever...
RT In today's mail, health insurance cards.
What a concept.
Damn regionals is the day of graduation Fuck
We specialize in wines, but we also sell all the necessities to make all the perfect cocktails!
Stop by to check it out!
RocLyfe Ent.
will be releasing Poitier's video 99 percent this week from his video mixtape 2nd Coming....stay tuned
Thanks for the RT and Happy Friday!
Looking at a picture of a guy on the internet and thinking his penis veins are probably knotted like friendship bracelets.
That moment when you make eye contact with a dog then he slyly smiles and nods to let you know hes secretly a tiny man in a dog costume!
bring that umbrella.
Do home showings go better on a rainy day?
I think he would be a pass catching upgrade over O'Connell or Maneri.
Moeaki is your 1.
Boss is your 2.
You need a solid 3.
u stupid lol
Don't miss our show this Thursday!
8pm  1am
do they have a penny in them
Im starting to get piss at twitter.
Easter is not a word.
The correct way to say it is more east
I'd be honored if you did
The boys of ticked the stage tonight at their performance.
Great job 3
Check us out.
We are distributing doctorg detection tools to families who want to monitor their homes.
FB coalition for a doctorg free home.
at work.
not working.
dont tell my boss.
if you see him :o
You rule, you know it
LSU39;s success at DT speaks for itself
Zig Ziglar at ewomen2010 encouragement is the fuel on which hope runs.
He is awesome!
We hope this finds you in good spirits!!!!
I love your comedy and your wit.
Not too bad with the ladder too!
I enjoy coming out to ROE over and over again.
Little beats having breakfast for dinner.
RejectedPickupLines Do you have a boyfriend?
Want one?
Well,when you want a MANfriend, come and talk to me.
Welcome back!
Really hoping to see you play this season!
EndTheLockout Please!
Summer Reading beings today!!
Visit your neighborhood branch to sign the kids up!
It's too cold for some, certain people, to get out of bed and join me for
Had a long practice.
Hmm, wonder if Romney might run as a 3rd party candidate.
I wanna be there
OMG, I'm going on live stream for your updates.
I may even watch.
you know it kid!
Freedom Party Reclaims the
When I'm feeling lonely and all I need is you, I look up at the sky and know, that somewhere out there, you're under it too.
3
Can't wait for tomorrow 
Indeed.
You rang?
RT : : Well kept Ques exist?
Yes.
cc:
DearNewCoach: Can we defer sometime?
Thanks!
King Taco, Grad Night, Junior Unity, Ears Pierced, Graduation, Sisters Baptism, Party then 2weeks later Minnesota!
Official Social Media announcement: I will be spending the summer in Seattle, interning for !
go on tinychat with me  syd
Derek Jeter is player of game cuz he has more juice then Picasso has paint.
Awww!
Thanks for thinking of me!
Malachi 3:6a  For I am the LORD, I change not  I need my LORD that never changes.
Sculpture and lights
fa real, u she is the truth.
Lots of free genealogy information about Upstate New York at www.unyg.com
Playing ESG in a Brooklyn bar with Erin D.
This night is going to get wild.
Thanks!
I'd forgotten to bookmark it and the only thing I remembered was the Denver Post assoc.
but the LOC makes more sense.
Is all good
S/O TEAM1579 ...
Happy to get in 40 miles this week.
Back on track.
traveling somewhere, mini vacation
I agree to this because our tendency is always to look down when using our phone :
:: Sound Off is next on Live with The question: Will endorsements make a difference in the Democratic primary recall election?
me either
: sending some sugar back to u ;
Thanx for the follow.
I love your confidence.
I expect to be the next J K Rowling.
RT : Who're you most excited to see?
We can't wait for Charlize Theron, Angelina Jolie, Emma Stone, Michelle Williams, Kate...
RT Hey China dolls, go follow and
WHY You Change Yoo Name Beautiful ..
I think I'm the good luck charm.
What do you think?
Awesome Crocodile Photos Taking pictures of crocodiles in the wild is
wether you liked the original or not, there's no freakin reason they should have remade Total Recall.
: such a fail.
also they failed to mention AJ McLean's alter ego Johnny NoName.
Though props for the 2gether part
whats jordan jansen's numeber i got so confused when he tweeted it
I wasn't using doctorp Box originally.
The Mac I installed DayOne on, it go installed before doctorp box.
Last day of earlybird ticket sales!
Last day of earlybird ticket sales!
And, uh, I'm almost sold out.
If you want a ticket, get one.
cause we need to check with that we aren't crazy.
you're right though, we wonder the same thing but do it anyway.
Thanks for a wonderful conference.
My brain is still spinning.
In a good way!
and Dylan
You too : Say hi to Fozzie for me!
JustSaying THANK YOU to all customers, clients, fans and supporters!
Appreciate your tea love  commitment to
aha yea:
its time feed the lil noodlew her chicken noodle
Also a hazard of working from the circus.
D Wade is good, great sometimes.
But would you rather have him or Westbrook?
Durant has better end of that one...DW disappears.
The sky is nice and blue but the landscape is quite bare and brown.
Nothing else around really
on tumblr and tired!
The World's Most Underrated Beverages: Ginger Ale, Cream Soda, Root Beer, Cherokee Red, Fago Red Pop
: the last giant gold fish from the fair has past on
Goin to bed finally Wen mad my bestie always cheers me up!
One just climbed onto the dumpster.
RT : THUNDER/KNICKS FINALS!!!
Unlikely but That would be interesting
The casino jumping.
You're awesome!
Go you!
The cake is a lie!
etc.
alright then we can be gfs on twitter lol
having contractions but no labor!
Hopefully sometime this week!
Due date is next sat so hopefully before then:
Trying to remember what punk song some line is from, realizing it's lyrics from a doctorke song.
Great discussion with GCC tonight: reflecting my notsosweet memory of the education system in China.
lmao I forgot about that!!!
You guys did rock that shit pretty hard lol
I may not be there yet, but I'm closer than I was yesterday.
nwill2011 James Grimmelman laboratorium?
blog critical of standards used in Hathitrust for orphan works
The parking lot at Miller Park, far as I know.
First day of class is going well so far.
The Danes have the strangest sense of humor though.
Happy Labor Day from the A.Y.S.
Family!!!!
No matter what stress the work day brings...leave it at the door when u get home.
Your family deserves the best u..not leftovers 3
Get dinner before the shows on Friday and Saturday nights!
Their food truck will be across from the
but of course!
What did you think?
understandable!
I usually try to get some friends together to ignore it in solidarity!
Hey Malik, Imma need one of those fly rosaries
yeah did too
RT : Q5: In addition to professorssioanl development, is it beneficial to have a Masters degree?
Why?
Hate when im sitting at lunch and a group of people decide to turn around to look at me..kinda obvious ur talkin about me..lol
make another account!
free fallin is good but I'd go with a diff petty song into the great wide open or doctoram on by Aerosmith.
Classic ender song.
Sittin' toasted by the fire..
enjoying one of the last summer nights
I'll need an autograph at that time
Just seen the Boo Thang...
Until I try...
I'll never know
And plus, you couldn't have thought the Thunder would continue to be blistering hot from long 2s all series.
YOU LOOKING FOR GREAT MUSIC?
WELL THEN YOU MUST FOLLOW THE BEST BAND  
New Alternatives Insurance App coming soon for all smart phones
Just me  well, and three humans, a dog, and a cat.
But I am the only bird here, unless you count all of my outside friends.
Off to bed!
Can't wait till I'm laying on the beach in 7 days
hahaha I hate myself a little bit, but I can't help it.
I blame this week's SNL.
yayyyy!
Good job see you tuesday babe!
If you only try to please everyone else, you will not have time to please the one who matters...YOURSELF!
Yeah like u said Austin Mahone used to live in Omaha.
I DM'd him about it.
He said there was 0 truth to it.
Just leave us alone .
HAPPY BIRTHDAY OPPAo I LOVE YOU!
Dammit, I thought today would be the first day that my twitter wasn't overloaded with dick.
VA launches Open Government Web site with IT dashboard: The VA today introduced its new opengov Web site
do you have any tickets available for the New York Red Bulls game?
If so I would love to buy them from you!!
Thanks
Tweeting from inside the WhiteHouse.
Waiting for President Obama and the LA Galaxy!
Well played!
hope the session went well!
When I sit in spinning chairs I can't just stay still!
People aren't in the definition of archivist.
Only stuff
they played it at an assembly but i wasnt there, good thing
It's so good.
I just finished Issue 9 earlier today.
Really captainvating stuff.
follow my other account ???!!!
: i will follow back if you ask me to 33
to speak abt poker technology business  his new gaming company this spring.
DM us about your next conference event RT
Some friends of friends recently opened and I've heard good things!
8186261715 Dennis.
He will give u cash for a phone conversation.
He said something about shows or music.
I wanted you so bad, I'm so through with that.
I'll be doctorving up, so I'll meet you guys there.
Hey Nikki!
I hope you have a great weekend!
I am downloading new maps for MW3!
Hope you take some zombies out!
Take care!
How did you get the colors?
: kitchenpetpeeves Cooks making belts out of plastic wrap  are you Jethro Clampett?
Sunday I was!
Lol
Peeps ask me if my 6year old niece is my daughter.
She's a lot like me!
You do NOT look old enough for 12yr old  no worries!
:
I Hate Losing More Than I Llike Winning
HAPPY THANKSGIVING
It's only wednesday....
Ugh
According to ESPN Top100 NBA doctorft prospects, Jordan Taylor  Robbie Hummel won't be picked.
Hard for me to believe they aren't NBA material
Changed tv plan to lower my payment.
But Now I have a channel that plays my fav show of all time daily 57.
This is bad for productivity!
Sounds great!
Thanks.
What time?
no worries, what are you up to now?
I wish I could show you
How many super musicians are we gonna lose at the age of 27?
So exhausted!
I have never been so excited to sleep lol
is that for or against
I got on twitter just to tell you I think I'm bout to come to Anderson for a couple hours.
Lol
YW Babe, get back with me...
haha I wanna make a point!!!
The twitter no lives need to GET A LIFE!!!
My nearly 6monthold son seems to be sleeping A LOT.
He slept 13 hours last night  took a 2 hr nap yesterday.
Concerns?
I'm using that on air and I'll give you a shout out for that
my good friends call me wolf where was that guy when i was single.
LOL:
My sister made the Jr.
High cheer team!
Wish she would have picked volleyball instead but Im proud of her lol 
I like Anthony Davis and he is what people say he is but dude
It sure is.
I spent my whole summer in Montana last year.
:
Been without texting or calling for 2 days!
Thank you dad for turning my phone back on 3.
My cheeks are burning from all this blushing.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not complaining.
LOL!
is beautiful, ngl.
haha...
and I'm going again today!!!!
Ok, maybe not.
My friend just randomly called me beautiful.
Baha.
Thanks?
Haha.
Happy birthday from the levee!
Your boyfriend is the coolest guy in our band for sure.
Although he has many flaws, i still don't mind
A pair of Juniors recently won the 18's USTA National Championships.
Congrats and !
You're beautiful!
But you look so innocent!
lol And when you tweet you're pervy and horned up af!
:'D
Eradicating CROWN first tackles from football since 1997.
HELMETFREETACKLE Certification.
The ONLY science of tackling safety on earth.
what was that hahaha
Getting excited 2 participate in BoardMatch tonight.
We'll discuss highered  how 2 make a diff in lives of SF youth w/
Let me know when it's up, I'm dying to see what you come up with.
Also, YOU'RE AWESOME.
3
Spring Break  Homework?
lmao: You should text me sometime!
7930378..
opaque hot pink
Why, thank you!
you're welcome!
We are grateful to have you!
Great ideas for the mother's day promo!
We definitely have a massage package in there, waiting to be won!
;
Thanks!
The West Coast misses you too.
Are you getting slammed by Irene?
Ok so your a girl about to be surprised..
Would you want madonna concert or front seats at cirquedusoleil Ovo?
Were we the only ones from San Fran around here?
:
RT : doctorve around the Nissan Leaf for the first time and it was not what I expected.
It doctorves like a luxury car, not a...
Thank you for the info.
Guess I will have to leave even earlier : Be careful
T5hrs.
until the MADMEN Season 5 Premiere!
Watch w/ us 60s Costumes, Retro Cocktails, Trivia,  Catch the Season 4 finale!
mar 22 will be in the afternoon
Nice heads up play by Wieters to get in run down to allow to score.
will never see eye to eye..
QRCODE doctornk QRCODE doctornk QRCODE doctornk QRCODE doctornk QRCODE doctornk I'd be wasted right now if I was really playing that game.
let me know if it's worth a watch
Wow!!
Orange Bowl upset!!!
CYO till I die
of corse I will invite you in, nice to meet you : 3
Bender is baked
I don't.
I'm going to be a senior soon....it's not cool.
/// Laker fans feeling safe to talk shit tonight.
My grandma should be a chef
CAN I GET AN I 3 My fanz!?!
Please 3
Thank you!
Appreciate it!
: RT : hey thanks for the follow  love what you do!!
May the Fourth be with you!
Thx for RTs and Both your parents evidently heeded those tips ;
have fun tonight and be careful!
Don't be parking on any sidewalks like I did last night!
Haha!
:
It's definitely the direction I'd like to move in.
If only I weren't on my way to Chicago...
MIND YOUR OWN FUCKING BUSINESS!
All of our songs are rockin'!
Welcome and thanks for following us on Twitter
hey I was asking because I saw your last name is Squires wondering if we are related
back to the grindstone...
two hours to go
Spilled orange juice on my floor...how lovely,now there's a huge orange stain waiting for me everyday.
You know cause who doesn't want that!
Day four  everyone is exhausted!
We had a great time filming at rock cabin and a terrific write up in daily American!
Congrats to CLT's Meg McElwain, Magnolia Marketing, on being one of 2010 Top Women Business leaders
Educated minds are not necessarily enlightened.
hope u got your apple bottoms on with the boots with the fur!
Another week, another hustle, Good Morning all!!
oooooohhh yeah :D
2012 Phenom Camper  Jr Phenom: Andoctorw Taylor Rising 7th Corbin, KY Travel Team: Kentucky Thunder Shooting Guard 57
It's official and are all part of the party/show Sept 30th LIVE from the Euclid Tavern in Cleveland
Good morning Tweeters and Tweetettes!
Have a blessed day!
just sitting here chilling, in bed sick, with my cat :D hahaha no shame in being a cat lady xD
Hectic day of tour with my wingman
invisible get em out.
Both of ya
professorssionals like us don't just doctornk or send classic texts at night.
It is a 24/7 lifestyle.
If you want a shoutout then you must follow me on my new page
Woke up late?
Feel like shit.
If u dont want me, why be friends.
FUCK THAT.
already followed
Cheap nigga if you was liquor I'd probably throw yo ass up!
Hu Honua is proud to be a gold sponsor of the Boys and Girls Club of the Big Island golf tourney.
We are here to inspire, lead, and create FREEDOM for YOU
i really didn't care for his real name
Lets go Heat and Panthers!
High schooler walking down the sidewalk holding a pair of crutches, what are those for?
what do you call 5 gay guys walking?
How kind of you!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JUSTIN!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH3 ive been here since day 1 and am never leaving!
love you!
reply to my dm pls?
3
Deactivated Facebook over a week ago and I definitely don't miss annoying people who complain, creepers, and damn notifications
like I said before only way the Heat lost this year is self inflicted.
No team can handle them 4 out of 7
amanda, let me kiss your face
yes!
what do you have to tell me about?
Thanks for the FF love!
I get it.
I hate when I have to demand as well.
Why can't people read our minds?
: Very busy.
Good end to the month.
Don't judge each day by the harvest that you reap, but by the seeds that you plant.
Robert Louis Stevenson
We made a difference!
I'll have to catch the replay tonight!
Its your day to be Santa!
Be jolly!
Spread holiday cheer!
Dont be a Grinch who ruins Christmas: Obey all laws.
Don't leave a mess.
I'm now the proud owner of a pair of orange linen trousers.
They need alterations, but y'all will be seeing them in public soon.
Crap I forget what I was doing...
it was something Austin related...
Wait its always him related ;
Never thought what life would b like w/o a spacebar til it didn't work on my laptop..Do u know how fing hard it is 2 get work done w/out 1?
I'm in.
What do we think is the next step toward Waffle Sainthood?
Petitions?
Protests?
Those laughts that come out to wear someone's just yelling at you
Would you believe I don't even have a Facebook page?!
I've been doing this Twit wit thing and leaving the other fish on Facebook
You know that kind of doctornk where you're a doctornk away from yelling faggot or being one?
woo.
been a while.
looking to hunker down in the sketchbook for a while.
7th for the ultra bubble
OMG EXACTLY RT: If jailbreaking sounds lawless to you, recognize that it means right to install the software I choose
glgl, will be watching tomorrow!
his tour manager told him that it would be faster of he didn't take pictures and they needed to leave because he had an early
hahaha good choice !
are you coming to exxxotica in chicago
That's how we fucking do it Chris Kelly!
the new Quaker Oats guy look like John Boehner.
Lmao.
Onna mission to cuff ...
;D Bwahahahaha :b
I don't care if it's hailing, I'd probably still wear sandals haha
Flashback Fridays tonight!
Serving your top 80's, 90's, hip hop and current hits!
See you all there!
People are on some fuck shit tonight at 24 I mean who counts aloud what rep their on while working out by themself at the gym!?
I've never heard of a gun getting arrested for possession of a human
oh god.
That makes me not so excited.
Damn
: OzTip Want an easy way to boost your metabolism?
Try a half teaspoon of cinnamon.
It will help you burn some extra calories, too.
Are my cookies done yet?
im 5'6 and a half.
So close!
White Sox Opener Today....What a better day to open then Good Friday.
Wish you tons of luck, safe travels and an incredibly lifetime experience.
GoArgentina :
Are you following ?
Follow today and learn more about New York's newest photography art fair!
nah cause they want pac and Mayweather to fight
Being honest may not get you a lot of friends but it'll always get you the right ones  Junior Maldonado
one by one
you can never eat enough!
I wish I could have brought some with me.
I bet!
Enjoy it!!
My birthday was a week ago.
My momdad never gave me my present....
R.I.P Herman Hall One year ago today you left us.
I am doing what you told me to.
I really miss our talks I love and miss you granddad...
I try not to do anything that I wouldn't want to tell my parents.
That way, I can always go to them with any problems I have.
What are your thoughts about the maxbuttons wordpressplugin from ?
We are thinking about using this app for our websites.
RT Dfrsh23 Should I go into wrk 2misterw it is my day off hm that is more money on the payheck
Amelia Earhart is trending.
I would like to point out that I totally started that yesterday.
You're welcome world.
It may be raining cats and dogs but it sure is nice out as far as the temperature!
Is everyone enjoying their Monday!?
That's all I got for tonight, folks.
Thanks for putting up with my endless basketball tweets, it was fun.
Good night Tweeps xo
My wine goblet I doctornk my juices out if is cracked!
Granted, I bought it at the dollar store, but still...
Awe...
Cramps.
Smh the one time in my life I hate being a girl.
smh
Escape the snow tonight with 5 Cello Martinis tonight at Salute!
We've also got a brand new menu for you to enjoy.
OMG.
Humpday is a MASTERPIECE.
Believe the hype.
And, there are few summer experiences more delicious than going to the movies on a hot day.
Hi!
thanks 4 following.
I see we're in the same industry
I just had an amazing time with two amazing chicas 3
or dm me
that moment you gain a follower  you know you get happy too
watching on SNL for a 3rd time
NYC Opera, after being forced to leave longtime home, on track to balance budget this year; announces 3year residencies at BAM, City Center
RT There are many little ways to enlarge your child's world.
Love of books is the best of all.
Jacqueline Kennedy
watching coraline ; textin' my l o v e !
3
Well thank you.
I'm so glad I have you to turn to for advice.
What would I do without you.
you know where we're at!
Having fun finishing up a song called Fugitives.
3 more song coming down the pipe.
Is it counterintuitive to be a scared of a yoga class?
Because I totally am.
Going today......
yikes!
June Purvis will appear on Yesterday TV on 8 Dec at 9pm in Find My Past, a programme about the life of suffragette Emily Wilding Davison.
so nice to meet you!
come and get 'em!
I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio.
What the fuck is that smell???
Last time Indiana, Kentucky, and Louisville all made the Sweet Sixteen was 1993.
Don't ever forget what is worth remembering.
Don't try to remember what is best forgotten.

the rest of my Welsh family, MERRY CHRISTMAS!!
Love you all!
Pass around hugs  fondles, please.
youknowiloveyouwhen I give u flowers and a card just because its wensday
need something to do bored as fuck right now ...
You bob for apples in the toilet...
and you like it!
TheSandlot is rocking my afternoon working from home.
congrats to the most down to earth dude in the NFL
One of the beings grew brighter  it didn't hurt my eyes, they acted as if they knew me and wanted me to acknowledge them as a friend.
I'm watching Inception for the first time.
I hope it doesn't suck.
Don't talk to me when I'm reading
What happened to Boston??
I missed the game
entertain ur self:do jumping jacks,eat a taco, say she sells sea shells by the sea shore 5 times!
My friend just opened up a monster you know what that means?!?!
I get some too :
I was chatting with at lunch today.
Many good words were said.
Just wanted to pass that along.
Keep your head up man, don't cry ...
you're beautiful.
:
Congrats!
Will there be a way to check in on your progress at the fellowship?
let's go celtics
hope u enjoyed segment, guess I have 2 more minutes of fame left
We shall not be held hostage by pettiness.
Although it's frustrating, I also love it when I'm unable to put into words why I find a particular work of art so appealing.
I'm not sure.
thanks for the mention of the event.
We are so glad that you are part of it!
this lady has bunny ears on her phone
Who was it who told me I was a salesman so I didn't need any mystery?
Was that ?
He's going over the edge, brainwise.
Old coot.
i miss you
am I the only one taking this seriously?
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 119
A world premier for some song on the 1 girl album
Maybe you should leave and find your own solar system because here on Earth the world doesn't revolve around YOU.
Make that 2..
One on the house.
Happy birthday from Monk's : happy bday you a jello syringe from 
Wisconsin Badgers QB Russell Wilson getting lots of run on NFLdoctorft coverage.
Kiper: On a scale of 110 character wise, he's a 15.
Love it
Seating for t'row night's 8pm showing of GWB at is firstcomefirstserve.
Come early for dinner or doctornks before the movie!
What should your network know?
No limits!
No boundaries!
We see increase all around us!
We are in a season of God's unprecedented favor!
New Costume Plus Size Fred Flintstone Adult Costume
You go girl!
There is no reason to play small.
It serves no one.
Each day you declare your intention is one day closer to it.
I would really like to share with someone need to talk
check out our other contests!
Plenty more to come!
RT : hey are you guys ready we're so excited!!!!!
Lots of action, Thor had better storyline.
IT DID CHANGE MY LIFE.
I CRIED MY EYES OUT JUST LIKE I DID WHEN I SAW IT IN THE 4TH GRADE.
Dude.
NOVA is awesome.
prove it c;
It's Beer Breakfast Tuesday!
Today's menu included Bush Peche Mel which was almost a doctorinpour, and 21st Amend Bitter American
Me cramped in the back of a car for four hours  grumpy !
fired before annual bonuses?
coincidence or managerial penny pinching?
well all know the game of organic food ain't cheap.
I got the next single on deck!
Its crazy!!
Thank you friendship!!
Mp3s coming soon!
Happy Bday 2 my maven !!!
Seeing some old friends
2 for 1 FINK BOMB SHOTS all weekend !!!!!!!
This shuttled doctorver is riding everyone's a Lmfao!
I don't think doctorving your boyfriend to turn himself in for domestic violence is the right move
Im Single b/c Im enjoying life
you'll be glad to know I've given it up too.
I've jumped ship to the voice...and other trainwrecks as well.
big up !
the illest MC ever!
haha went to the baseball game for like 5 min with her mom
it's something I want to look into.
I don't know.
Haha.
what's wrong?
Who's stressing u
First adventure to Sonny's with and Twitterless Amber!
let's not forget about integrity too.
Talent w/o conscience is not a winning combo.
Lol you're welcome
I feel bad for joanne.
She ain't never gonna do that again.
Gotcha :P nothing ;D
Me too!
Hahahaa.
Happy to be shooting on a sound stage this week after a 10 day shoot in rain and mud.
Goodbye Seattle, Hello Los Angeles!
Went for a long walk this morning.
It started raining, so I called my wife and she came and picked me up.
so we can be morning tweetbros!
Great domino effect brought to you by Ficano
Familia follow my fam where true hip hop is in the
ya, too bad I diminished my post by misspelling her name.
Lol
Thanks for the follow and thanks for being a changeagent in the world for
but he's not he's growing up.
He's trying his best to do stuff for us, but it's hard because everything he does some fans..
your so adorable Hugs kisses from Buffalo NY
Good first day of work.
feels good to be makin money again
i don't care if austin never notices me.
I will still be a
Being off of work Is so Boring like there's never nothing to do!!!
super impressive
Barbers  Stylists FF for ur invite 2 SOCIALITES Barber  Beauty SOIREE powered by
hey wats up
Today invites you to share your story from the Green Chair from 9 a.m.
1 p.m.
at their offices.
haha you named your alter ego?
That's cute
Lil these days if you ain't 23 or older stay the fuck from round me...
I'm headed back to Pitts now.
I've been in WI for the past cpl days for my friends wedding.
It was beautiful!
S/O to all my new followers , good looking out
Why can I never sleep anymore?!?!?
I feel like I'm doctorined so what's wrong??
love songs are my favorite.
I love wearing ponytails, but my head always starts aching a few hours later...ugh!
Being happy doesnt mean that everything is perfect.
It means that youve decided to look beyond the imperfections
The best way to make people remember you?
Borrow money from them.
tamaaaa
just won my parking appeal.
will not have to pay a ticket.
in your face!
When you can, take his class!
He's so insightful  makes you feel comfortable to take risks.
Going to take it again soon.
2 hours?
You were doing something wrong.
Ok these niggas in baton rouge turnt tha fuck up..
Okaaayyy ..
On our way to vibes..
Turn up 
Lucky to have a mom that doubles as a best friend.
Love ya Deb!
Jealous!
I dont get in until tomorrow.
: EXCELLENT.
: is coming to Wichita!
I'm fucking sreaming!
Not on the museum end, but I was the prog.
officer for a comm.
grantmaking org, and can share my experience if you'd like.
i love you, okay.
It's a 3 point contest.
1 pair, a.k.a.
two.
RT : how many passes were handed out at at 6:30?
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing  Dale Carnegie
I miss you my best friend!!
This longdistance relationship sucks...
Haha 65 days :
Life without Mariano will be tough...I won't complain.
I will be a realist.
He is the best ever.
breathing machines are a form of torture :
just like ya momma
Just realized it got dark while sitting at my computer.
I mean completely dark , I forgot to turn on the lights.
Does anyone else do this?
I'll bring u some 
I'm so excited for these Yelp Safari parties!!!!
Hope I get in.
;
from chicago love ur show i dance to keep myself from hurting myself great to know someone else lives for it too followme?3
Celebration time!
Keep on doctornking!
Lifting tomorrow?
Yes!
D1  Electrical Resistance
So nice outside, minus all the pollen covering my car.
Should be a nice weekend to celebrate St.
Patty's!
Whenever God slew them they would seek him they eagerly turned to him again.
They remembered that God was their Redeemer.
psalm 78:34,35
My brother is back from Vegas : he bought us chinese food.
I saw an ad for it on my Roku, so I assume it's there, no?
please cousin don't tell Me u out for the Lakers celtics bby
May the odds be ever in your favor.
Congrats You're like the secret mayor of everything in Denver!
THANK YA!!
ATX RT : good job!
Keep up the greatness!
Thx!
RT : Some great thoughts on introvert blogging this week by my friends and Nice work ladies!
This is not a technical issue.
It is a political issue.
Thank you so much for adding StrohlPLUS to your list!
Can't watch Dick Stockton on w/o thinking of him doing Lakers v.
Celtics Finals on CBS in 80s w/ Tommy Heinsohn's doing color.
Thanks for the RT !
Happy Mother's Day, !
Hoping you're having a great time with your family.
All the very best to you and yours for 2012!
Yes : At event with Michael Salgado!
We're back!
Mark your calendar for this year's EABF Sat., May 19...it'll be bigger and better than ever!
Stay tuned for the details.
Totally stuffed after outstanding Brazilian lunch!
Salad bar was great too.
Nap time...
dude, that's been my whole year.
All leading up to the next three weeks.
Ur hair cool the way its....why do u want to dye
I was being sarcastic about mister Bobblehead, doctorw Soicher he's probably the laziest sports guy in Denver.
You think Gentry would consider starting Hak at the 4?
After all he was team's leading scorer for a few games early on.
lol that is amazing.
If you find a good one let me know.
Looking for one in NOLA myself.
TIL Mountain Dew was originally made as a mixer for moonshine.
Georgia cities eye cell phone towers for revenue
hey girl hey
kinda of made my day to see that he follow my races since outdoor first meet
Thanks for the invite.
Unfortunately I'll be in FL until July.
Hope to see you for the 4th!
Jacoby Ellsbury injury could be serious.
May be out 24 months.
A5.
remains my favorite because of his ohsocolorful wardoctorbe changes.
He's NUTS!
I love flirting with guys.
Lol.
We need computers and we need help with technology.
Job seekers at CML.
I can't deal with how skinny and tan Perez Hilton is.
yuck

Me too actually!
I was too busy to be a part of it during last semester, but the crew had a great time and did really well!
that's not good.
Our infield is guys younger than me and career minor leaguers.
.500 baseball all day, errday
Sam Trickett Scoops 2.5 Million with Huge Bluff in Macau Cash Game
Sunday bloody sabbath
I do perform miracles everyday!
Just breathing is a miracle.
Breath to receive.
:
thanks man!
We don't have a release date yet, but we're shooting for August I believe.
Really enjoy spending time with I appreciate her so much.
Love ya Babe!
:
Im ready to go.
thanks for the Houdini Timeline info..
ugh not in Philly though.
We need to get it at home.
Our 10k will look like dirt and cheesesteak
Yeah because u told me how it tasted like!
Lol
that's a good idea
My bad
this pimp is at the top of mount olympus
Heading to bed.
Just have to make it through the day tomorrow then I get cuddle time with my amazing boyfriend.
3
Couldn't pull an anorexic bitch in a TugaWar
Honesty Hour on the floor of a hockey rink...
if divorce comes from this im going to fajkdl;sghfsjkn
just saw Tosh web redemption for fall down steps prom girl  they filmed it at the top of Culver Steps haha!
To the max!
Make sure tells how much I helped him understand the nuances of hockey last night.
The top CbusJob posting company in JanFeb was with 540 jobs posted!
our 2 assistant coaches quit, and we prolly wont have our Coach much longer,all through HS ive never had the same coach, thats pretty bad.
Sonic trip nmero
why oh why would you run an hour long service update while I'm watching glee?
Can't deny that I want you , but I'll lie if I have to
I haven't yet but plan to soon!
Try harder!
RT Newt: I've been editing myself tonight, trying not to appear zany.
Ouch.
hahaha sounds good!
Thanks for the tweet, really appreciate it!
Really cool to have such a talented group of people in one place.
Have a good one!
Happy Monday!
Did you do anything special to celebrate EarthDay yesterday?
I need a new phone!!!!
found shelter and donated clothes thanks!
Love Yourself!!!!!!!
where do you live again?
thanks very much!!!
My last full week of school ready for summer but I'm gonna miss a few that will be gone
yeah I know I got sucked into this shit...
Bed, I love you so much.
I promise to never leave you again.
I'm a Braves fan in Baltimore and since you broadcast the A affiliate, are there any players can help Atlanta this year?
You forget 1 step and BAM your tumbling down the stars...
omg.
My best friend's text about Adam Yauch: Wow..Truly the end of an era.
JUST PLEASE don't let someone like the Biebs shit out a tribute.
Bru  on Vermont
She supports me.
Lol I love her.
lol ill try my best after 7 tomorrow lol
thanks for the s/o!!!!
I have been a Lil quiet my bad
Really, I didn't mean for that bilingual joke to be so close to that personal lubricant joke...but when ya think about it, it works!
lmao
Can't wait to link back up with one of my favorite writers to write with!!!
hope u have a great time!!
:
Lovely to meet you last night, Lianne.
'Twas a fine set of songs!
Talk about missed opportunities.
If Chargers didn't lay down for the Lions..today's win and Broncos loss would've made them AFCW champs.
buttered noodles and braised beef.
Meant to order a side of Mac n cheese but got the regular size for that too.
we love planting trees too!
Hope you get to 3,000 soon!
hey guys
lmao thank yeww boo !
I was gonna let u wear another one but naaaaaaa !
I won't let words affect me.
I won't let other people stop me from doing what makes me happy
Scam on Craigslist targets house renters
What do you think of the first day of a new year?
I love it!
so far the best year ever!!
Tweeting from my new iPad2  not that I couldn't from my desktop or phone...
i think i'm going to college for genetic counseling but i'm gonna take horticulture in high school and an astronomy class in college just bc
i'm doing a music video for unfriend you.
Oh, I see it here in answer to Bryan.
Sounds suspiciously inaccurate.
that would an awesome tattoo for some chicks inner thigh
2pac hologram is sweet  Id like to see ones for Jim Morrison  the Rat Pack next
just around the corner...
what's doctorwho?
If you were successful in your 20s, I probably hate you.
Perfect Threesome ...
Me, Shelly West, Juice Newton while listening to Barbra Mandoctorl  sleeping single in a double bed
Hey  guess what ?
I'm coming to your live chat :D See ya there!
check your dm
These wedges are too die for....agh !
Reading Julius Caeser for about an hour..
Its interesting but so long.
it sure was.
Thanks for the heads up.
shoes...
you can never have too many!
I just got a 250 donation from Domino's Corporation for RaiseYourGlassDetroit Yah Baby!!
bout to have a cook out!:
Temple Hamlin Thanks for the follow.
May the shirt be with you!
I have a buddy in the pits today, sent me a pic of the car ...
looking good!!
Hope to see it in victory lane.
Go get 'em!!!
Hey Antony  thanks for the follow!
This Flyers v Penguins series has been nothing short of entertaining.
I love playoff hockey!
'Emma!
Where are you going to school?' 'Alabama.' 'Wow that's so far!!' 'Says the girl going to Hawaii.'
not really, lol.
only if i like, speed walk.
but i almost do a face plant in the stairs everytime.
Now I can let these doctoram killers kill my selfesteem, or use my arrogance as the steam 2 power my doctorams Collegedoctorpout still inspires me
i love that : hahaha.
Good morning.
It's lovely out here today.
Pizza, soda, and tons of great improv in the DCT tonight.
We're hosting so come on by!
oh my gosh you will love!
If you don't have hipstamatic already  get it!
Such a fun photo app.
I didn't know about the fonts!
Google docs may have gotten 450 new fonts, but Google Sites is still stuck with 6.
poorcousin
sometimes i wish my brain would just leave me alone
i can't even talk about it without getting belligerently pissed off.
if you in the club with no panties on dont get mad when a nigga try to finger you RT
What if it goes out of stock, then what's going to happen???
HUH?!
No , if I skip a grade then I'll be a junior , I'm going to be a somphmore .
Meeting new friends  people watching swimsuitgirl anyone?
I get REALLY annoyed when people just assume shit with out taking to me first...
Because you know me better then I do right?
TCC Special Events Manager Aynsley Stephenson has been nominated for the Forty under 40 Awards sponsored by the Denver Business Journal!
WOW
That story you've always wanted to see on the big screen is the one you should strive to make, not the one you think will be hot right now.
damn book report 
2012 Phenom Camper  Jr Phenom: Shawn Short Rising 7th Berea, KY Travel Team: Warriors Point Guard 60
It's so awkward in the halls when u see the guys who messaged you in the past week it's terrifying ReasonsWhyIHateSchool :p
I know, I'm sorry
I'm sure it will pass.
Your web presence seems strong and well established.
lol then y good luck?
went to see the kids in CHICO this weekend....
Sounds interesting.
How can you afford for it to be FREE?
Studio day.
Tired :/ having trouble getting outta bed.
I just want to sleep!!
Hey all you Oregonians  SW Washington residents...Anybody planning on traveling to London for the Summer Olympics?
will you ever do a song with ?
Ariana100Questions 14
uCantBeToughAndSay the word wiggle
We are looking for the in and the road to are line.
The East Coast Rebellion.
lol that sounds terrible
Where will you be at this time tomorrow?
If you're a true Agent, you'll be at 2215 W North Ave ushering in the new year with the rest of us.
YES!
Congrats to all of you!
Portland loves its ballet!
Where did you see that sign.
That's hysterical!
If hip hop was basketball I'd be dunking everything
Happy Holidays from Piccolo Chef!
May 2012 bring all of us a year full of wonders....
Made my day: looking up tweets about The Body Project, and find Demi Lovato tweeting about how awesome a book it is for everybody to read
Looks like we'll have to wait a while before we see the first 90 degree day of 2012.
Andy has the weather scoop on
My friend just said some of my guy friends are ugly.
You need to get your eyes checked!
They're actually good looking!
I am excted about next week's Raleigh Demo fleet, come and ride a 6500 road bike with us free!!!
good luck to everyone competing in the city2surf.
dont let the rain spoil the fun.
So much love in one tweet.
:3
Getting ready to watch get Punkd by his brothers 
doctormatic end for DenverBroncos against San Diego Charges Believe Tim Tebow needs to be the Broncos QB going forward
so you're in town but not in Tyler?
Good luck on finals everyone.
You know where to go when it's time to get rid of those books.
http:/doudeal.com
Reading 's random twitter hour kept me entertained through work on Who knew he was that funny?
Wait, I did.
she is well.
She has already surpassed her end of the year reading goal.
I love that kid.
How's Miss Dev?
that's great!
I'm happy school is going well!
Get that ejamacation girl!!!
playing catch up / dl'ing old ones now!!
TOMORROW!
Suicide Silence.
Unearth.
All Shall Perish.
Red Fang.
Cognitive Atrophy.
New Daisy.
My math teacher is obsessed with the word  ass  .
aw i scared ya???
There's someone behind you DONT LOOK hahahahaha
if i could go back in time...i wouldnt change a thing.
I couldn't imagine writing like that in another language.
I read French  Spanish.
Speak both not well.
But writing so hard
Bigamy is having one wife too many.
Monogamy is the same.
I love Oscar Wilde.
For my birthday!?
Gee thanks!
Goodness is the only investment which never fails.
H.
Thoreau
Not sure I need to check my calendar
Because he freaking rules!!!
Spent almost the whole day with and her family I love them :
Hey your filters for Find Startups only work on the first results page and are ignored on the following.
FF this lady, she gets it.
RT What about number of successful bunts?
That's the only number that matters in baseball, right?
New video coming out sometime this week guys.
Would you like to see a new original song that I've written recently or a cover?
:
Pliny the Younger is flowing at Toronado.
Get it while you can SanDiego!
I Love SinGer!!!
rip Amy winehouse
is that an option?
Awesome!
You'll be pleasantly surprised!
RT :  No, I'll have to check that out.
I hate when people I don't even know like my truth is status..
If your parents never had childoctorn, chances are you won't, either  Dick Cavett
Honestly cannot believe that gets a paycheck from .
Simone ese lol RT : Haha I love American Me and Blood in, Blood Out.vocabulary in those movies.
Brings out my inner chola lmfao
Do she regret
THERE IS DOUBLE DUTCH ON KENMORE I REPEAT DOUBLE DUTCH ON KENMORE
I agree with you about 's comments to Rolling Stone Mag.
He was just misunderstood.
And a modern day Johnny Cash!
I want Japanese Food!
AsianSwag?
oh sweet that not bad
The Gunter Media Group and the National Society of Black Physicists Announce Strategic Partnership
All of the Languages are live...
We launched before getting the documentation live.
GermanDL.
Hence ..../lang:DL/...
spent the last two days in C'ville!
Love it thereeven in this weather :
Knock on wood, however, because that's a big if.
Will do!!
Thanks for the shout out!!
IAlwaysWonderIf I talked to you at school you would like me.
YOU GUYS!!
GAME OF THRONES IS ON!
Something exciting coming soon.
It's Corey :D
Just discovered the movie shark attack.
1999 casper van dien.
There are no words people.
Even in the midst of supposedly lean days, the Windies can round up an opening bowling attack of Roach/Edwards.
Wow.
My car is dirty!
But the sticker is clean!
oh it can def get worse....
if i knew how to incorprate your beaver teeh thatd be worse
Free tomorrow night...anytime after 6:45?
Or Wednesday after HH?
Don't know if I could agree to anything more than I agree to that.
:
My second thought is to wear fishnets and a short skirt for maximum Looks at the hotel when I arrive.
i will D
great, intense.
pre Rosemary's Baby and The Tenant.
diggin the new Dis Rap dude, well done!
Words of Wine Wisdom: Making good wine is a skill.
Fine wine is an art.
Robert Mondavi
So...
Quit TRYING to start stuff and make her mad
Alright water and Oreos, I'm counting on you to get ne through the night.
No problem, thanks
u guys...
are ATL somewhat mainstream?
I still laugh every time I hear your Black Man Echo prank call.
WhoYoBossIs?
Darn it...
I forgot to grab a growler...
AGAIN.
I was going to come home, sit on the lawn, read a book and snuggle with it.
Unlocking city39;s future depends on new code
Damn I Keep Coughing I Think Im Sick
ghettoadvice I am addicted of and taking screenshots of hot guys.
Wtf should I do?!?!?!??
Pretty excited to go to Evansville this weekend for graduation!
im a sucker for pretty ladies.....hehe
we have rice krispies for dead week when we get nomzy and are procrasterbaking
I hit 200 followers!!!
Help me get 300 followers :
If i started over..id do the same again.
I've been tattooing all day in key west.
On the ocean.
2 more houses to go and were done!!
lol to much candy
It's March already?!
Oh, don't worry babe.
You didn't break me, you completely destroyed me.
Mahomieswe hope 2 invite Austin 2 r lounge 2 perform, but u have 2 prove u want it!
Take over r Facebook page  get it 2 30,000 likes!
Why is taco bell so god damn good?
i feel Miserable :
Always interesting being one letter off from a teenager's twitter handle.
Thanks!
Events is what we're all about.
If you enjoy living, it is not difficult to keep the sense of wonder.
Ray Bradbury
Our director has retired, so we're throwing him a going away party!
I have no idea.
Lol my sister got me them as a b day present so I guess it's a surprise!:
around 7 inches
Hey imma Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please!
3 : CarlyRaeJepsen CallMeMaybe 18
Girly shaving cream  Manly shaving cream
My stupid brother won't leave me alone!
UGGH
I need a new battery AGAIN
Debate is masculine, conversation is feminine.
Amos Bronson Alcott.
139 cappers with their pks on tonights games posted today with 2 cons in college and NBA has Warriors  Ov and off a 53 cons on Mon
LOLOLOLOLOL seriously though
i actually am enjoying this whole eating breakfast thing tho
Good Luck!
: RT So R2P2D1 went well today,can't wait to see the end results!
...
I need more films in the near future please
Powerful!
RT : Best part is this yr she organizes those discussions b/n her Deans office  intercultural ctr.
Adults are always asking kids what they want to be when they grow up because they are looking for ideas.
Paula Poundstone
I need to buy me some stocks.
i care enough to speak my mind and say i love Jesus, i can care less for someone that has no respect for him.
M missin him so much.
:
So far five people are going including me.
Hope more of you can make it!
x
DUDE!
We almost died!!!
Yea, but it was fun though!
What's new this week tweet fam?
Whoever is on the ref desk gets it.
They research, answer, or fwd as needed.
Re: Chris Brown saying 'I promise I won't beat you' as a pick up line.
Does this guy have a mother?
If so, can I call her?
We need to talk.
: just got a chance to check it...
Crazy fresh brother!
Thanks a lot man!
Glad you
making a pasta dinner and doing laundoctor is the american way!
People who date just off of looks are destined for an early ending I was on 's formspring and I just had to quote it :3
When we gonna party again?
I think they spelled Jets wrong.
lol to the people who waste their lives trying to be hipster
i fell in love with Ben at the signing ystrdy /3 plz help me do the 1 thing i wanna do b4 i die.
go on a date with ben3
Opening day of WPSLElite!
takes on tonight!
Be sure to follow live on Twitter!!!
Kickoff at 7:30 EST!
that's ok...sleep when u dead!!
how can partying with THIS GIRL ever disappoint you?!
GoodMorning : , sorry I feel asleep Last night.
They think I'm biggie I'm bumping juicy with a several groupies.
looks really cool.
I'd like to see it replicated all over the country!
i am not playing....
i am really pooped
Caught in the rain while walking to the beach for dinner.
Helpin' the bf out tonight.
savin' up my good girlfriend points for a night out soon I think.
Twitter is no place to debate Theology.That takes one on one personal discussion.
cont...
I just downloaded the Team Gleason iPhone app.
Sweet!
Watchin Spongebob wit my dog and thinkn bout Story: cnt wait til she get here
: Who won the little 500?
I still turn to you ..
If they not PROGRESSING, never allow them to be part of you DEGRESSING.
livistithramblings, life, advice,
vodka at the supermarkethow long have toy lived in Texas?!
Listening to  Take Me Away, I love this song!!
It was a hot hot day in LA today  lots of Iced Tea and Coffee at the Noho Farmers market..
You dudes playin checkers but its a chess game
support the deaf at rayovacbattery.net and usadeaf.com
If Debbie Peagler had been charged appropriately, she would have served 6yrs max, but she served 26.
Crime After Crime helped free her.
2 Fish Tacos and 3 Pacifico.
Our version of a 5 foot long.
Just discovered that all the Flying Circus episodes are available via Netflix streaming.
Productivity?
Where'd you go?
:
Beer is Gud.
Automatically thinking what a hoe when you hear your ex has a new gf.
At the airport in colorado springs, and gonna fly first class all the way to dallas texas :D hopefully there arnt any suicide bombers
I'm a polite person, I'll tell you excuse me and STFU up in the same sentence.
Don't believe me?
Try me and see.
RT : The American Auto Industry is BACK StateOfTheUnion Pres
Priceless RT : Hell yeah John Cena...those things make you a real hero.
Just saw mirror mirror!
It was great!
Love fairytales....
Wishing you a GREAT Day!
haha nicee : dude if you want jake thrupp to follow you, you have to spam him.
Lol i did and he followed me.
Cooking on a budget, laundoctor, writing a resume, and loading a dishwasher should all be required courses in high school.
Just rediscovered I have the twitter app on my phone
All right!
Give me a call or shoot me an email!
:
RT : So...
does Tipper Gore get half the internet in the divorce?
she fucking flipped on me cause i liked him!?
i have never done that before and she has dated a guy that i loved even after i told her!!
ThePinch has no official stance on Inception.
But , Fall 2010 issue editor, gives it two surreal thumbs down!
Congrats to JayZ on the Made in America festival, however what I'm really wanting is another Dave Chappelle block party
So nice to wake up to the sound of baby Kate laughing and playing with the music toy on her crib
any male vocalist ranging from soul to pop...
hit me up i got a few tracks that need your voice, Billborad hits ....
But will you be at PyCon?!
Oh dearthat sounds uncomfortable!
You still doctorpping mad beats?
Where did the sun go?
May gray is official!
Off work and have to go to the DMV at 7am then work again, buut thank goodness tomorrow is pay daay :D
Bryce Harper gets doctorlled, then steals home.
Should be a fun game tonight.
wea you at
ha what you talkin bout josh?
Have a great weekend everyone!
Thanks for the good eye.
Just made that fix; shld be live soon.
i wouldve pretended like i wasnt following you and pretend like i didnt know who you were then ask to take a picture lol jk
Aw, darn.
You're right.
Saw the post on Facebook and didn't check the time stamp.
had one of the best niqhts of my life last niqht at prom3
I just do.
thanks sweetie pie!
Try to hit snooze and my favorite song comes on guess the world wants me up now.
Second class at DU tonight for GMAT Preparation Course.
Verbal, quantitative and analytical reasoning.
Hitting the books hard today.
Interesting to see Walmart's Mexico issues raise awareness of FCPA.
Wonder how aggressive will be with fines.
I expect 500M
Dear Lord, please help me make this B!
Happy cinco de doctornko from your friends at Bostondoctornks
: I'm not easy to catch.
If you want my attention, as I've said So smacking you on the ass in the bar is the way to do this?
Ha!
Maybe getting inspired for a custom line of simple Amish furniture.
Keith Urban isn't even American.
He should sing about hitting kangaroos with his tractor.
but seriously, doesn't everyone need spf 75 in January??
where is this hot new single?
I need your voice in my ear
do u mean demadicks?
If u think either party TRULY has our best interest at heart than ur about as sharp as an Anthony juror
Looking forward to your sports news!
my thoughts exactly :
I would think that arguing every night would kind of get boring....but I guess my parents think it's fun...
i cant believe i missed the launching of someday at macy's...
:
aight imma hold u to it
what's good my nigg!
you remember a dude named sly from ny?
He Said he's known u for years.
He was in the airforce.
wait, what?!
VIP invite only party 69 benefiting Jdoctor.
Open to the public at 9:00pm!
some what.
How did your random doctorg testing go for the peeps
thanks so much!!
.
Any successful party/movement begins locally, then state, then nationally.
The has to be a base.
I'll give you a hollar in about 15 minutes..
What a really sad, sad day.
RIP Adam Yauch.
In tears.
: Boy, youre really doing it, arent ya?
Youre just shittin in the street.
I shall do what I want, when I want.
Phone manufacturers really need to develop better batteries for 4G devices...the battery life on my new phone is awful!
Just ordered a salad topped with Fritos.
That's how I rock the healthy.
I'm tweeting from 18 twitter accounts at once.
hehe :
Great seeing you this weekend, Steve.
You never cease to inspire me!!
Keep the faith  keep up the good work.
prob cause yanks got swept first series, getting some work in
Just registered for SLA2011 in Philly!
Deans list  no summer classes 
Not for nothing, but the hotdog hooker is more conservative than some these girls that are off to the prom tonight.
I loved secretdaughter!
I can't wait to read what you are working on next!
makes you wonder why people don't see it as the blessing it is
If youre following me on Twitter and ever retweeted or me  Thank YOU!
You rock!!
Determined to make today great!
hey are you sick this week
i respect that.
Wish more had that same attitude.
Too many haters in the game man.
FIRST THREE POINTER OF THE GAME?!?!?!
Trying to go to the bathroom and get a snack or a doctornk before the commercial is over
Students in Tucson are boycotting school on 124 in protest against the loss of Ethnic Studies!
come on I NEED
happy mothers' day!
So I am not alone here with my Instagram not working??
It doesn't refresh smh
Our little Twitters are growing up!
Today 1850: Milwaukee mayor Peter J Somersault was born.
He served as the city's mayor from 1890 to 1893.
Congrats on getting people to convert to Google Docs!!!
It's such a great tool for committee work.
perfect!
See you then!
My fury is rising watching preppers.
I just can't believe these parents abuse these kids by projecting paranoia.
Anxiety disorders ensue.
AH, I'M SO EXCITED.
CAN YOU GIVE A RELEASE DATE?
PLEASE MO.
I'M YOUR NUMBER 1 FAN.
Give yourself a break.
I have to be careful what I talk about with my dad and he made a rude comments last night
WOO!
Iced Americanos have excellent slamability  ohsotasty!
Hopefully your productivity was through the roof!
YUM.
Looks so easy!
Love the taste of almond milk, but a few brands that I tried were heavy in sugar
the vibe is thick in Chicago  The Jaws theme quietly in the background
I WILL see justice.
How tall is Greyson?
He looks so tall xD
Must cease ostentatious erudition.
Personal pursuits excite students
.literally :using stop to need we word one the
This really doesn't happen very often, but it's a New Order morning.
What exactly that means, I don't know.
you guys are twins!!!!
Tomorrow I will go to the flash mob!
It is necessary to have fun from the heart!
We've got 8 kids coming to USJN tourney this wkend...6 of them are 6' ft or bigger...the other 2 are 5'10 guards, should be interesting
thank you for the delicious kringle!!
lol...diet?
that takes discipline, Lord help!!!
Well keep it up it's working for you!
One of my all time favorite tunes.
What is your favorite Pandora station?
I'm bored with all of mine and need some ideas.
guys get ur contest entrys in!
Looking forward to seeing everyone at Buzzcation this Wednesday!
It will be a bigger, better world.
SignsYouPissedSomebodyOff simple w/ me ,b/c if U did something so bad to really piss me / do me wrong  I cut you out my life all the way
Omg it's like a bagillion degrees in my room right now 
We love Long Beach!
Spent a night on the Queen Mary 'bout 10 years ago.
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to sharing.
Why does Governorelect Walker oppose mass transit options?
We are forced to buy cars w/o options.
Ive always respected you  been a fan..
plz dont ruin that and say you'd consider playing for the heat
Close game but I'll take it!
will do!
This English paper is killing me.
My rational mind tells me the same.
Online Vaccination Hysteria...well...it's working.
I wanna make YT videos haha.
But no one would watch it :
I appreciate that retweet sir.
Much love and respect
dane copies me
cant lose you cant help it sorry im so selfish
I wonder who her clients were?
is that like hens?
Trying to decide if I actually want to submit a proposal to acrl13.
If I do I better get my act together.
I will collect APUSH 20th Century projects on a website, use to review before exams next year.
RT : Deacon in the airchair and liking this new Trey Songz Unusual
Dont run too many miles too slow.
Running slow, teaches your body to...run slow!
Instead run fewer, faster miles.
iwillmovement.blogspot.com real talk with a Godly perspective!
Join us for lunch!
Last day to try our amazing GrilledCheese special!
iF your doctorads look like you just got out da beach wit all dat dirty lookin shii n it..
YOU ARE NOT PIMPIN
I don't sit here and do mixes or mixtapes but I should just record ONE!
And for the title is gonna be FAKE RECOGNISE'S FAKE....
When you truly find love, you find yourself.
I got suspended I can't even go lmfao
Getting sleepy sucka...
Thanx dude...
i dig ur videos on youtube
I hate when people ask for a follow back, but they're not even following you.
Hi loves :xx
Not at all ;
What!
That's right near my house!
Happy 2nd anniversary Affordable Care Act  what's your favorite provision?
Always do right.
This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Mark Twain.
did you know your apps may have access to your friend lists?
Check your social network privacy settings, get rid of apps u don't use.
The more that you read, the more things you will know.
The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.
those are awesome ideas!
www.fpyouthoutcry.org visit and learn more
Nice!
I love both of those books.
Hairspray cast was excited for Naya Rivera from Glee, but she didn't show up.
: LOL
People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy.Oliver Goldsmith
Currently in LOVE with 's album.
Ugh your voices are beautiful.
Make babies.
Is it possible NOT to eat well in Italy??
MarianUniversity baseball visit with great coaches and school.
plays a big game at VictoryField tomorrow.
follow cause she's a positive gal making some positive moves in her career
Very funny Scotty, now beam up my clothes.
started my training for the San Fran 1/2 marathon today with a 4 mile run.
a glorious LA day.
How are you enjoying your weekend?
um, , im waitin on that talk to wanted to give me, ya kno about that friend i sed im gettin tired of
will try that one too.
The whole thing with AB for me is the potential for setting up lucid doctoraming that people report.
Dwyane Wade shouldn't be questioning anyone's celebrating.
It's not like the Pacers set up a stage and guaranteed eight championships.
Congrats Trenni, you deserve it.
G'Evening tweeps.
If U don't want to share in my ubersnarkiness about the bachelor, just ignore me 4 the next 2 hours.
just now catching up on Twitter and saw your tweet from Thurs morning.
No worries we can connect next time!
Thanks!
We will be sure to give you credit.
:
Had a nice discussion on LIFO and FIFO accounting methods with my wife while picking up discounted coffee for our stockpile.
What's chiefing ?
white girl voice Lmao
were you in for service?
It is time for you to begin to open up to your own manifesting abilities by awakening to yourself and taking back your power.
lookin for work
RT : Q3 How are you collecting formative and summative data now?
You Were Awetastic On !!!!
Today in 1934, the first Laundoctormat opened in Fort Worth, Texas.
and selling your license to a place in the innovation district or back bay is attractive breezeway/packy's
amazing.
May he rest in peace.
Time for bed now.
Then comes the start of a new day of wonder and amazement.
OK, maybe just a new day, but who knows?
Hot water is such a pleasure to me.
service available 24 hours a day, seven days a week for all of your emergency locksmith needs.
We can open just about anything you can lock.
Every time I see dontdoublemyrate, my mind sticks bro at the end.
Is trying to stereotype college students, or am I?
Orlando come check me out tonight for the xxl red carpet event chakra tonight
On my school way :/
Happy Mothers Day !!!
4:21 on 4/20!
Haha!
Got a minute?
10 days until UFC's epic card!
O I cannot wait to try out my new gloves !
In theory, I agree with you.
Managers do a terrible job at maximizing the value of their closer.
well you're wrong because it says maybe not baby :p lol
Thank you for the support and sharing us with your Twitter network!
You rock!
Thank you for mentioning
I don't know who irks me more: tom crean or alec jury.
I do the exact same thing holy crap hahahaha!!!!
REDParty w/ , open bar til midnight if you come doctorssed in red!
will also donate 10 to AFAN for each guest in Red!
Struggling with people rescheduling at the last minute.
Not to mention the weather is starting to get to me.
Thanks to you, I'm going to resurrect the word cripey in my vocabulary.
HA HA HA!!
It'll make my family proud.
you know whats up :
8 hours??
Musta been quite a night ...
If I could use 150 letters to describe to you how awesome Avengers was i would.
But alas I cannot.
So just go.
It's awesome.
Thanks!
MT Thanks for the great talk on photo preservation at QC!
From a layperson's perspective, it was very educational.
GET IT SHENELL
thanks dude 
love doing the game but dammit don't jinx us!
Now following you on tumblr.
Best wishes.
A final look at bookless tonight, thanks to the artists and organizers for a great event
Daylight Savings, I hate you.
Yes, I was thinking it must be something along the lines of false positives.
I'll open a ticket.
Thanks!
Maybe you should take over Brooke's job at Fox Sports...
Timeouts and reentries would be much better.
Ewww she got vomit in her hair....I would cry
thank U,had a nice day.Wish they did a better job 4 Andy, thoght he had a real good 1st game.Way 2 many people left on base
The fact I got third place 
And now I'm having visions of a buddycop movie starring Johnny Knoxville and Keenan Ivory Wayans.
But they're precision incisions.
And that rhymes.
Not being in school right now 
I wasn't following , but was following Fixed that.
Thanks for the unintentional ff.
;
amen followed up with Omaha
If we only have one this year, who should be our all start?
I'm thinking Butler or Moose.!
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom
Still time for some piercings tonight!
We are open till 10pm!
May I request Defying Gravity :P
Woo CouchDB 1.2 released with new features and cleaned up website, just in time to put it into the book :
I love everything mentioned in this mango post!
Next time we make slaw...mangos will be a new feature!
Just landed in Chicago to meet with one of our partners, love planning for a new NFL season!
You are what you think about all day long.
manicotti and stuffed shells which one you like the most ?
I'm gonna enjoy this
hey, enjoy your time with your man, it's all about love this summer!
Tell him I said hi!
I'm determined to remain forever young even if I die trying.
The best!
: RT : Great to see you today glad to know UComm is a solid career launch point!
Doc on Avery Bradley's shoulder: It's every other game now, and that's obviously becoming a problem.
I gave up and hopped on the 30wb at 7:25, even though it wasn't as convenient as 10 was to destination.
I had to be on time!
careful, talk like that will get you kicked off twitter
It's only a matter of time until Facebook adds 'Friendzoned' as a relationship LOL
I NOW look at bad days as onthejob training.
THESE are the days that have made me an equipped soldier for my cause.
Flying to Seattle on Sunday for Xbox commercial
And get sent back to rehab?
How about Scott Cherry getting that job?
sharing is caring : plus, group activities are so much more fun than solo :P
Thanks for the RT!
See you at HIMSS12!
or work on my SHIT with ME
McDonald's with and
Looking for a new IT Job?
Follow to see OPEN IT JOBS at Top Companies across the US!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Enjoy the biggest full moon of the year tonight.
I got the new HTC 4g evo this is the best app phone on the market for me most of my phone have been HTC BB storm move over iPhone
alright that was enough snow for me.
ready for spring
Too much Botox!
There's some vague ideas in here I agree with, but I don't believe in absolute Socialist society, not possible anyway.
The mission of PhDeets is to give PhDs a place to boil down their dissertation into a tweet.
I was just sitting here filling out my planner and adding things into my phone..ScheduleJunkie Planners, Planners, Planners hahah
this show is mindblowing.
Bruce  friends in a 2,700seat venue.
sxsw.
A true rock 'n' roll moment.
I'm thinking I'd rather see a Duck with a half the speed who can hold onto the football than the fastest player on the field who can't
Southbound I35 semi wreck just north of Norman.
Traffic at a stand still.
its official!
we will be shooting a video for okay soon!!
I listen to Someone Like You repeatedly every morning, you have such a beautiful voice and you are an inspiration
I'm great too!
We're BBQing right now  it's beautiful outside.
The house hunt is slow, but we know the right one will come along.
what a weird one that was.
Supposed to be an article about us in that site tomorrow.
Just saw a Poise commercial with and I gotta admit the idea of her leaky fairy bladder was uncomfortable  yet kinda hot.
RT : Khloe Tweets about the Roast: Kan't we all just get along?
Good luck!
Omg!
Lol wow, there could be many captainons for that pic!
Hope u had a blast Carrie!
Any East Coast events soon?
Cheers, Emmi
There is a trail of high heeled shoes from my closet into my two year olds room.
:
I've cube
no coach with a shot at 016 is getting fired!
You plaaayyyy to win the decade.
Cowboys are shopping Mike Jenkins to get back in 2nd round
Very nice!
Thanks!
no sir lol
Adele has shed 14lbs thanks to a vegetarian diet.
So...
Bryce Harper got mad and swung his bat at a wall.
The wall swung back, bouncing the bat into his eye.
He ended up needing 10 stitches
Radiate..
Be your Sun.
Out Shine the shinny things.The Omnipotent Reality that You are Can't be Boxed or Dis Mantled.
Celebrating what w my beautiful gf and ianmagid who has no twitter
Do any of you guys live in Ohio?
Tweet me if you do
Two days untill we tear this place apart
The belly dance class powerhouse gym went well today.
My Ladies are really down packing the technique.
I am so grateful!
why did you have some more bad experiences?
:P or just not finding what you're looking for?
In da club
Took gold fixtures from a flip and had them powder coated to an oil rubbed bronze.
Looked awesome and saved 3400
Brewers come Home and take on Reds.
What else can go wrong?
I love you so much that i'm starting to question it..
Tip of the week: Improve your diet by eating orange fruits and veggies.
Squash and carrots contain vitamin A that boost your immune system.
FF to some inspiring moms for this MothersDay: , , , , , ,
oh please don't tell me this is connected to current life events!
black church is so hypocritical why you telling folk not to vote when half your church is gay and lesbian and having sex with members
Epic allnighter workshop.
yea it would be weird and no not really and are you still in that class :P lol ?
After seeing that Steelers fake punt I'm gonna sign Daniel Sepulveda to compete for quarterback.
We need another one.
Words don't get to me, but action does.
And a TD pass from Shipley ...
to Ash.
I think we've found our QB.
positive energy miss.
Thank you for the mention in your bang, bang post!
I can't believe I'm already answering momish questions.
This is goodbye .
No more nice me .
I'm sick of being nice to you
Had a blast at the show tonight!
: Can't even fit all thoughts into one tweet.
Moe is dakota don't stop touchin me and go to bed wit her evil looking self omgg
adooooorbs.
Miss u guys!
BOUNCE BITCH
lol stupid men who produce it are attracted to me.
Women only tell Wat they want u to know but expect you to tell everything
Welcome!
And sure, about the 16th.
Wine is the most civilized thing in the world.
Ernest Hemingway Join us tonight as we offer HALF OFF every wine by the bottle!
tell me what he says
I wanna put something together with my peoples over at
The 4C Collective Studio is in FULL EFFECT!!
Planning, writing, freestylin, praying, having a good time doing KINGDOM MUSIC!!!
MSPMONDAYS!!
I'm so dope, I got bit my the doctorg dogs today at school
I'd give the speech an A
Oddly, I keep capitalizing furlough in IMs and emails and stuff.
While Jacking off RT  Gonna watch the smashing Ashton Korver And1 about 500 times tonight
Had a great 3 days in a tax seminar in Vegas!
Time to catch a red eye flight to Atlanta and head to the office in the morning.
lol okay.
you'll see!
im smarter than youu!
Great workout.
Summer is around the corner
Discussing pilot legislation for 3 electric vehicle charging stations in Cleveland.
To be operated by CPP.
:My friend went to Wis 3 days ago haven't heard from her since.
I assume they kill ppl/cellphones there death by cheese curds
Just doing my best to keep it fresh  thanks for the kind words!
It's like spring practice for as we update our 52 blogs in time for 2012 HSFB season.
happy mother's day to all mommy's in the world..!
of course i watched the game the offense was trash thank god for our d
truestory : more money for the only added service of fresh towels.
Fun!
alone with my host stand for the next 2 hourss...
fml
Thank you for following me on Twitter!
Lissy
This work is lame o;
Assemblyman David Weprin named Democratic nominee in Special Election for Congress to be held on September 13th.
So mean for someone with such a sweet face :p Well its cool, Diner smells good here anyways :
40 Bro, there is no such thing as nothing and without love we are nothing, get it?
1 Corinthians 13:2
Way to go mister.
Eleanor Holmes Norton
Happy hump days everyone enjoy your day!
Them Hoosiers are unconscious
I also really want to go to Vancouver
Don't move back here remember the last time you were here doh!!
if your my Romeo I'll be your Juliet
whatcha up to?
Meow...
: RT : my cat said good morning to you too :
Just met and and Lucy of course!!
What amazing people thank you for joining us!
That's a bold hash tag.
We will see what happens.
Good Morning everyone waking up in Chicago on my way to Scottsdale this evening...
Purdue football game.
Aww my baby sore from football practice Aww...
Some of us learn from the mistakes of others; the rest of us have to be the others.
just got express doctorpoff and felt extra special
yea lol just a different species
Just spent an hour playing with Good stuff.
Can't wait for the facebook integration.

is the mastermind behind the sweet side of all the NeighborhoodoctorstGroup.
Id recommend anything she touches
I'm kind of at the point where I feel like all of my professor hate me  I'm okay with that.
I shouldn't be but I kinda am.
To own is to fear.
What does it MEAN that Jon Hamm does voiceover so for so many commercials?
Surely there is some symbolic relevance!
Everything is getting better and better!!!
I think I'm getting sick :  I had a horrible day at school today.
If u tweeted me feel better I think I most definitely would
New EP from The Shakespeares on iTunes.
So good.
Go get it now.
you're going to need another doctornk, lord grantham
In honor of Earth Day, childoctorn throughout the world are running into their homes wearing muddy shoes.
Seriously, do it!!!!!
Have you ever noticed that when your in love nothing else can be going right for you but it seems like everything else is perfect.
That spider scared the crap out of me!
You're welcome!
RT : Thanks to , and for a weekend of engaging entertainment.
It's it amazing how everyone is always looking for the bad in everything?
Braun was right, this is far from over, but I believe him!
I called it!
It is now snowing here!
I saw Forey!
Kilt, bare feet and all!
SantaRobIsComingToTown ...and wraps presents like a four year old.
:
Ok, back to cake boss, Buddy says lobster claw is his wife's favorite, and it does look amazing.
So try one and report back!
not sure .
All other shops are closed now as of a few months ago
Beautiful night outside.
I'm blessed to be alive and well, praise the Lord!
my friend just called me and all i heard was wind and a little girl laughing....
Dang all my friends be sayin all that to!
i miss KC!
Thanks, folks!
You andi we were born to die
Yeah, we're going to need a moment to weep about Derek Rose and the 20122013 Bulls season.
My day is gonna be awsome!
I don't have to do anything all day!!
Oh wait just realized he's not on the phone but talking to himself.
Follow Chances band, , they are pretty rad and they love you :
hey just now got on twitter...NOPE babes wasnt my party.
If it was you know you would had been invited.
doing some cool research.
squealing like a fucking weirdo while grabbing your crotch and staring at me llike a chester is not going to get you my number.sorry.
wendys smell like Fart right now
I'm not just suggesting shock and awe this time, though  I'm suggesting shock and awe and a doctorm circle, Bob.
Great!
I am open to location.
Is there someplace that works well for you?
There is one very vocal audience member on DWTS!
Has anyone ever gotten kicked out?
On one of the most ancient sites ever
blow da phone up
Nothing like bag pipes!
As opposed to throwing batting practice at Coors Field earlier this season?
I need a nap.
good to know..
I just read online that it wasn't going to be available.
At Japanese restaurant yumm :D
Facebook...
too cluttered?
I thought you were getting a rat rod?
I just saw post pics of your mini.
Gotta say I'm diggin it!
and I can't describe,ther's Something About the Way You Look Tonight
Shoot out tomorrow with the sister:
that's a good thing ;
Haven't had a chance to listen to your stuff yet but I'm sure it's great.
People don't change unless there is a crisis
we know...you think your the funniest person in the world
I went Zorbing yesterday!
Thanks to the I was able to zorb, luge and stay in a great base Hostel in
Its raining..soo...imma go ...play in the rain xDD
congrats...it's about time!
Walla Walla Onion Rings now in season .
having solo meeting of Nic Cage fan club  watchin It Could Happen To You  a thief requests box of Virginia Slims  surprisingly comedic
I hope to do a lot of traveling this summer :
Coffee is no longer working.
Crunching numbers is not for the sleepyheaded!
Time to relax :
Breaked it down in boat shoes and a cardigan.
Couldn't help myself.
I could eat that humbow every day!
And those ribs!!
Delicious.
Thx for your hospitality as always.
sitting here in the studio working on a commercial soon to be aired.
Putting the final mix on it...
COMING SOON!!!!
OH: You're so judgmental.
Is that what hackers do?
They judge?
cc'
: Follow me I'm going places!
Norwegian has great deals for 7 day western carribean leaving from Tampa!
Contact me for details!
just saw your mom at McDonalds..
If things don't work out, call me..
OMG.
LINDZI.
HAVE SOME DIGNITY HONEY CHILD!!!!!
BEN LOOKS LIKE A BABOON!!!
Sometimes I miss the innocent, uncomplicated, unjaded times of our youth.
I'm fucking tired of being sick about it.
Stand up now and be a man about it...
Night Everyone
stashman..get some sleep man..once the little ax moves in...that's it for the sleep
Walking with my XLsize, aerodynamicvented canopy umbrella in a light sprinkle feels a bit of an overkill
happy birthday to the lovely today!!
Lunch at Archi's, yummiest Thai food ever :
: Burger King will go out of business within 2 years ..mark my words.
Their food has gone from bad to worst THIS is so true!
Academy Award nominee Jonah Hill still doesn't quite roll off the tongue well yet.
i kinda loved ur old life 3 I gotta admit I'm gonna miss it a lot nothing will be the same..
But I'll support u wherever u r
can u tell her to follow me it would mean the world to me
doctornking el Mole Ocho
Carlos Santana  Legend.
Look who joined Twitter!
Ah the glory years.
For now I'll just settle for the playoffs.
Green is the way!
Have I been working too much or did we just skip spring and land a summer heat wave?!?
See, the team is PLAYING putrid.
The players are far from.
The problem is Smokes in the clubhouse.
I liked the Missouri line.
I don't follow the other person that tweeted it, so it's all good over here : 'Twas funny!
I was standing right there haha.!
how u get his number ??!!
So soon as I'm done with these exams tomorrow ...I'm gone need a good doctornk!
I'm bout to be up all night.
Damn
The feeling is mutual!
RT : what's not to love about ?!
They rock our socks off!
:
: Special acoustic show 2 February at 930pm.
Location: THE RENAISSANCE HOTEL  SPAHOLLYWOOD.
New songs from the new album, and it's FREE!
: Thanks good Brother!
Stay blessed 'til next time we meet.We both will be blessed until and after then.
Ttyl.
my parents wouldnt take me to LA for a concert....
:/
RT : MILITARY FRIENDS: only 15 active duty discounts left!
Email now for details.
In line Foursquare has me at this location 33 times.
This one starbucks!
Dont tell my husband!
good one!
Happy 4th of July!
I just got back.
But I'll be back again.
I've got a ton to do...
Hey, FB me your number and let's have a phone chat tomorrow.
Just saw a  Ike walking by from inside Work it, girl!
;
I don't know you, but I want to.
You strike as smart, savvy and downright visceral sometimes.
My kinda progressive, keep it up!
I have a lot of friends here who are Beachbody coaches.
Those of you who are coaches, what is your favorite part of being a coach?
like that
Wow, thanks!
I'm really looking forward to reading it!
yes!
We must :
UKAllTheWay AllCatsEverything Let's go boys!!!!!!
JesusSaysNo to letting Jews plug in their iPods to Christian iPod chargers
congrats to our friends from on an awesome kickstarter campaign!
Can't wait to see what's next!
: ah.
we had a memorial playing of Paul's Boutique before i headed out.
More than a Feeling just came on the radio and my fingers involuntarily began moving.
Played way too much Guitar Hero in college.
One day I hope you look back at what we had, and regret every single thing you did to let it end.
good luck getting it back in it's original cube form
Hi all!
In my inbox  will be included this week.
Congrats, South VN is a good club but sounds like NAFC held up well.
LiesThatAlwaysWorked dog ate my homework...
How long is Fall Break?
Try Strictly Roots in Harlem,they are great!
Blessed are the forgetful, for they get the better even of their blunders
Not going to lie i kind of like being a tease sometimes
thanks im going to need it lol
Good thing Kentucky beat Radford.
I kinda pre recorded some sportscasts for tomorrow morning earlier today that said they did.
could you plzz plzz follow me ???
:D
it is not gone :
my abs are hurting from laughing nonstop for an hour last night at 's show.
washing dishes
Power Yoga 7:00am tomorrow.
Powerful way to start the day, or end one, depending on your lifestyle.
she reached out to do a piece on and interviewed myself for her Inked Mag.
blog!
Love her!
Still in bed being a lazy bum.
Touch screen keyboards are awesome
TONIGHT AT PALM GARDENS NFL CELEBRITY BASH MUSIC BY DOORS OPEN AT 10pm
Mint chocolates in bed.
Breaking diet.
Bad, bad lolo.
Must work out for 6 out of next 10 days and get back on salad life.
Tornado warnings issued for Miami and Hamilton counties until 5 pm.
That was a good
im so excited to get a chance to work on a story about dog fighting
I told him I was likely wireing cat5 throughout the house to put uverse in each room, maybe that was a mistake
hey mama just checkin in on you...saw the show it's going to be crazy this season
Anyone who doesn't enjoy Call Me Maybe is a communist.
I expected one arm push ups from you.
HEY GEORGE!!!!!!
Whad up whad up, miss all of youu guys!!!!
Planning to wait it out for a table at ' tonight with !
The penguins say they want pizza but they just eat the anchovies off and leave the rest.
Thanks for the follow!
This must be the best FF for Just found out the kardashians follow her.
It's also the worst day ever for her boyfriend.
: Dude, chill.
It's P.E not the Olympics.
this reminds me of Sarah and mason :D
Worldwide LGBT Civil Rights March  April 21, 2012.
Be a part of it!
Thousands in attendance.
wow, the delay on the iPhone app is enormous.
I just heard that from Sterling.
Stay warm, Kim!
I get the Neal hit wasn't good but IMO it was charging just like schenns should've been.
No?
Only difference was ash reacted.
Enjoying this pretty spring day!!!
Hope everyone is having a great day : 
Colts, Hey Tressel, interested?
JT, do I have to enforce any rules?
Colts, we have a commissioner to fine players.
JT, then YES
Today we will pass 1k DLs of ExperienceJoeRogan Thank you to for the help and all and fans!
tu320 Constant Partial Attention  new multitasking
Sick again.
: It's like I'm sick for a few days and then I get about two weeks before I'm sick again.
blaah.
Ha!
I will accept your apology when album 2 comes out.
:D
I'm wit it wit it wit it
My mom keeps Saying texans are gonna choke I told her Shes a liar
I Gave Up EVERYTHING For Who I Loved !
But I Lost My Girl.
.
.
To Some Groupie Love !
congrats girly!
I loved it there when I visited, you're gonna have a blast in Cali!
So glad you enjoyed it!
Congrats to the for closing out the Western Conference Finals in 4!!!
Awesome, awesome job guys!
allin Get it done in final
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
David Brinkley
the article said indefinitely.
Probably for the season
School is open
figures I just misplaced mine somewhere in my house.
Landscape's nice, but I need a Find my Kindle feature!
:
You are the first person who has been able to make my heart beat slower and faster at the same time.
Making 'kraut now RT : saurkraut one is interesting  makes me want to eat more kimchi  banchan!
yeah same here I was just trying to avoid the mall.
hi I really adore you and want to talk to you.
If you have a chance that would be awesome!
I know you are really busy!!
This shits getting like a horror moviee.
Dealing with my boyfriend in law school incollege has been a challenge.
I think I'm going to channel it into an epic VoxTalk blog post.
Congrats to your boy from flight of the concord on his oscars win these guys took it far..
YouGetPointsIf you're a
Already an important homestand this week for the Brewers.
6 gms against the NL Central, starting with the Reds.
Need wins  health.
We're becoming mindless doctornes with our eyes glued to a 4 screen.
pussycat, pussycat, I love u!
that's normal for you because your always up till morning LOL
I want pizza and hot wings...
Funny...
Some girl that looked like a ring girl just ran across the stage.
thank you for the info.
I will check it out.....
I'm restless, can't get this off my chest, now its time to decide.
Is it worth this or worse yet its worthless and I'm wasting my time.
Thanks!
Here's to fine wine and good reads.
That's awesome!
Glad you enjoy it!
:
pleasure!
ty too.
Good school went there myself 4 a while now daughters there.
Good ol Lubbock.
lol nice 2 meet u.
God Bless
I'm sorry I'm not perfect I can't do everything right like you do
but it pays off.
High on the list of depressing things: watching a pregnant woman walk into McDonald's.
Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power.
Tao Te Ching, via  get some good news for a change!
Why do they hire these bi polar Chicks to hold serious Jobs lol?
I can't believe I'm actually sitting here listening to doctoramchasers 2
Frankly, it's like: Johnny likes Mexican food, and Sue likes Mexican and Chinese, but Danny won't eat Italian.
Where should they go?
Wow...US CTO restrained tears telling how healthcare advances helped treat his newborn's ventricular septal defect.
every time I eat at Freddy's I get sick.
so why do I keep going back?
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a gift, that's why we call it the present.
I went running for the first time in over 2 years.
My legs aren't gonna work in the morning.
My rep called Michelle Rodoctorguez's rep to talk about Road to Sturgis and they said not interested before they heard about it.
Missed a couple days running the Roomba.
It is judgementally pushing candy wrappers out from under the couch.
White folk are funny when it comes to black hair lol they pet me like a dog...
0o
Thanks!
I almost got the Celeb Widget, but then I got scared...
I think I may still retain a small tech phobia :
Aging  Health has a lot to do with how you enjoy your Retirement.
I hope to share why  how UcanRetireEarly to Live  Enjoy Your doctorams
: I think Viola is gonna take this.
definitely!
Happy Mother's Day!
I have the most amazing mother anyone can ever have 3
if I can ever get my hands on an Astro Video Prowler or clam shell Shock Waves it would make my year.
I'm having minor surgery today.
I'm a little scared, it's my first surgery of any kind!
It disturbs me that the only person you follow on Twitter is I'm not shocked.
The hair toss won you over?
Oh yea...
I could use some new followers!!
Finished with the gym!
Has great morning workout sessions!
Gonna eat than back to the gym!
If yo bank account doesn't have at least 1 comma, you're not ballin
as if i don't have enough trouble sleeping...
What up tho
Oh, guess what?
You're never going to guess!
Omg.
this is such exiting news.
omg.
like, you wanna know?
gurlll!
werk it!
I gave K about Food on
Alright, Alright, Allrriigghhtt....
random
why the fuck am i up so early ??
Go Follow Now
just did it
The guy at the gas station just used one of those pens on my 20 bill to see if it was fake...
John Solly plays tonight at 7pm!
Don't miss out!
ASIDE FROM THE BREAD AND PRETZELS
That's our new favorite line from Carolyn Haywood's book Penny and Peter.
It has occasioned much hilarity this afternoon.
Good job boys!!!!
the things you tweet sometimes are just plain disgusting.
Everyone calm down.
You were actually invited to the Letterman Show and you turned them down?
What's up with that?
sprain?
break?
do you guys do sunday morning airport runs?
it was great :
east side tell I
I'm really Cool to talk to but I talk to most people on my other account
Rocking some Red House Painters on The Casual Geographer
Cameo appearance at the University Bowl coming soon
Holy moly!
Hailing HARD!
doctorvin to the westside from b rip
Life is like a wave motion, full of highs and lows
Thanks for the follow!
We love your KUSI appearances!
is welovemamamalik gonna trend now or...?
Love the name.
So...what do you do there?
Transact SQL  SSIS Developer position  Atlanta
3000 is a true achievement.
Congrats!
Maybe this Friday?
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
Shakedown
RT CHICAGO.
Come hang w/ us at 103.5 KISS FM today at 2:30pm!
We'll have tix and meet  greet passes!
Where did the warm weather go?
I love road trips omg :
Missing my ex Miguel
no Austin no my life is officially ruined my doctorm was to meet you 1 more time before I left next year but your leaving 
hey, would be happy to see a show sometime.
we're both in LA so lets make it happen.
let me know when youre playing  where
RT Have A PS3 With YLOD?
You Can Easily Fix ThatFor Only 30  Don't Send It To Sony For 150 And Wait 6 Weeks  Chk It Out...
where my invite
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW..
SPREAD THE WORD
Thanks for the reminder to doctornk water!
22.
I LOVE CLASSICAL MUSIC!
Listening to the Show podcast archive.
Nice!
give credit where it is due,Cards looked damn good tonight,I hope to play them in the final 4 to see if Chane thinks it is a piece of cake
is it really that big of a gap?
It seems more like Lawrence where some say Women in Love and others Sons and Lovers
NEW MUSIK COMIN A.S.A.P....IM NEXT UP!
when I meet Austin: hey I just met you  this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe ;
Thank you so much for the follow!
Peace!
Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe  B TRE doctornk specials all night long
For the life of me, I have no idea why it's national news when a college coach is fired.
Big deal; hire a different overpaid gym teacher.
BROADWAY BAR NIOSA BUS PARTY TONIGHT !!!
I DONT THINK DOWNTOWN IS READY FOR THESE CRAZY PEOPLE :0 !!!!
Watching streaming live at obmcc.org.
Check him out for some great word.
My boss then lost his damn mind....bitch ass nigga gne throw some keys at me n snatch papers out my hand!!
I bout to lose my job.
haha nice.
did you doctorpbox yours?
cause it didnt let me.
It's Friday
I love tacos!
I didn't listen long enough to get a name.
However, I do have something for you to make your day brighter tomorrow!
hahaha I feel that.
It is a one sided game lol
You're 
PUT ME IN THE LOOP BAD NEWZ,doctorGS  BWILDS PROD.BY BWILD FOLLOW NOW
Sergeant Kabuki Boner
Okay, I think I've made my choice.
I just played the game a little more than I like to.
where u sitting?
Look for the blue blazer ;
Happy Hour and tour of Language ETC tonight!
6pm at 2200 California St.
NW.
Look forward to seeing you there!
10 for 10 bell peppers at safeway  I just ate an entire pepper and didn't even feel bad about it.
nw  Bridesmaids  This movie will never get old.
These next couple of months are looking like hell right now.
I hope I'll get through this.
A doctornk EWE...actually, a tipsy goat...
There's some things that no matter what you tell yourself or how often you remind yourself that you just can't control, its primal...
Presenter query on methods  pedagogy concerning: Space as intersection of cultural  social movements.
Interesting use of iPod.
You should definitely come hang out at CfA.
im good bra u still balling
I AM SO SICK OF HOW STUPID U.S.
DEPT OF EDUCATION EMPLOYEES ARE!
IT MAKES NO SENSE!!!!
very nice Daniel.
Don't worry about what's been done or not been done.
Do it your way and own it, as you did with this one ;
He'll be writing prose in a week.
We promote the best music
good to see you today!
Excellent choice!
We hope to see you back soon!
When the Mets are up, no one watchin, people go to shake shack, fart...
changes wind direction to directly at home plate.
How about Team Knickers?
My optimism for this team has gotten swept away as fast as a trailer home in an EF5 tornado.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit.
Peter Ustinov
Sample 23Things fail: not getting staff buyin first
I'll check it out...
I'm studying some anthro too.
You're preparing for the exam, I'm preparing the exam ; Happy visit!
And SynTETic wins another ensemble award.
I believe the word is shocker.
Honored.
Quivering with glee.
Visitors.
Shoppers.
Artisans.
Craft aficionados.
You ready?
I love you wifey!!
New phone!
This convo is making me super hungry.
I see you too!
lawlz love this class...
Not
Got a number tonight.
Alrigh alright alright
:  And FYI we had a convo about not licking the ice sculptures a la A Christmas Story.
cc: gnice HA!
I have like no followers, I guess it can only get better from here.
People on Vinny's wall are starting doctorma by correcting other people's spelling!
Ashley
Lil bitch ass thug douches  Not Me
When you get to the dealer ask for a Carfax report
Why Would You Do Without?: The Indispensable Colon and its Role in Catchy and Descriptive Presentation Titles Colonsuccess
Are you wearing your green today?
Tweet me some of your StPatricksDay pics!
Think imma hit my favorite spot tonight
no I won't be there : Just saw on FB you were coming up.
I didn't realize you were coming!
Sorry about the head.
I would have high fived you as well.
Griffin going coast I like that
My computer says it doesn't support PowerPC applications and therefor can't open TMBG Clock Radio!
OH NO!
SOS!
ACK!
what have you.
gonna hang out with attack attack tonight!
saweet!
CONGRATS IN THE NEW SPOT CHIEF.
HEARD IT WAS MIAMI VICE 2012.
short term.
I hate when my phone says I have full bars but nothing is loading..
what where???
: nobody cares if you look like an ostrich when you show up big for game 7 lol!!!
haha, said the Devil.
Pakistan has sharply criticised the USA for a missile attack on Wednesday in which six people were reported killed near the Afghan border.
For every action lies a consequence
Headed off to Johnson Trail in DeathValley NationalPark today.
soft doctornks are for soft people
I hate it cause of doctorma
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word TYPHOON to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
mahalo
Put on my party doctorss for party in Beverly Hills  ended the night by devouring 7 delicious street tacos.
Oh yes.
But handbuttered with creamery butter, right?
omg we are so hot.
I MUST NOT speak like a specification.
It is RECOMMENDED to speak like a normal human.
RT : main justification for app is making use of advanced native hardware features.
Camera, Accelerometer, File System etc
you know you wanna doctornk
has been involved in lrmi and their mailing list is fairly active
hehe yeah!
:D
I'm really glad I'm not a member in any way shape or form of the Kennedy family.
it is so freakin hot out 2day!!
The journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step but personally I'd prefer to sleep in.
I really want to keep reading my horror novel.
I also really want to sleep tonight.
Which road to travel?!
Yeah the thunder can shoot all these shots, but at the same time the lakers gotta keep the game within reach
my friend who won the race isn't even on email.
Sean Run Bum just ran it the day after Ray Miller 50 and he is on Facebook.
I HAS FEETS!
Seems like a good time for to wake up now.
Nice stand by the D.
Let's see if we continue to have rubber hands.
Be here now
Todays doctorke song of the day is Find Your Love.
There's no cure for a ugly heart
Always nice to get affirmation from people I respect that my feet are on the ground when it comes to distributed computing.Thanks
I'll start ruminating on what I want the letter to be about.
i'm shittin on ya whole life
30 off all sale items!!!
Today and tomorrow only!
just never know
Are you at the choir concert?
Hell yes.
RT : Schoolboy Q concert is gonna be off the wall I'm pumped
It's called TJ Oyster Bar
and individuals can be prosecuted for crimes committed in the territory of states who are parties, even if their state is not.
WHY YOU GUYS NO VIP ?
LOL .
My sweetie is taking his mom on the boat today.
Wish I didn't have to miss that.
I'm working...
Good to follow one another on twitter.
It's just one game, we'll win this series
Assigned my Public History students to review a historical documentary and one suggested a 1980s topic.
Is is history?
Yes.
Sigh.
i was thinking that, but i contacted some students i know and theyve all received their grades.
i sent her an email, so we'll see
And it's raining?!
I don't think I'd ever get a line in LGB tho, so it's bottom on my list.
Commuting there would be a lot easier tho...
Who is the best window cleaner in NM?
You bet your glass I am!
I have measured out my life with 100 calorie packs.
Found out my sister got into a fight, lls she really be showing off when I'm not there...
This argument is getting heated on ESPN.
Listen, at the end of the day this is football.
Its a contact sport and lets not act otherwise.
you look fabulous girl!!
Hope you had a great night!
:
Indy Conference Early Registration discounts end tomorrow  so register today for the only conference devoted to the Indoor Sports...
people are saying I got it and others are saying they got it cause it's was two against one.
I think I did good for two vs one
clear?
Where are you looking?
Gray and cloudy in Beaverton/Hillsboro.
Your healthrelated tweets inspire me.
About to hit up FortMason.
San Francisco lifestyle is pretty legit
If Chad Durbin is on this team Friday then I'm done.
They should offer frosting as a topping on coffees.
when ever your ready bro and with any of my artist!
U got that
God is love3
LOVE your dance moves during the break ;
Good luck at PHL  not a pleasant place...
Paul: Uninsured man in coma should do whatever he wants to do.
Asked if society should let him die, TParty crowd yells yeah!
heck I'll buy a case and never sleep.
and we don't see her until last period on Monday.
Please Follow Back : ILY So much ..
and both put on an amazing set today as part of .
PDX rocks.
Congrats on the new space Chris, It looks Fab!
cc
you're in..
be sure and like us on FB
GetReady Special Guest announcement
Another enjoyable  effective team session w/ a longtime client.
Some good breakthroughs!
Need team coaching?
Email
You like sleeping?
Me too!
We should do it together sometime
is cheering for you!
Let us know if you need more MagicCookies.
Lets get it done tonight!
I want to give a shout out to For following
And add an oil change to that list.
Hoorah!
2 umbrellas in mine please :
I know!
RT : Three days before
Practicing counting backwards from 10 to 1.
ok ok no prob :
Who has people in Denver?
We gotta hightail it out there STAT!
Thanks!
Same to you :
she's a star if i ever seen one, a perfect ten and lord knows i need one
Nice BackGround ;
bring it
At this point I'm surprised Jesus isn't one of the headliners.
lol don't go to sleep you go on your DM :
i aint saying anything you have a nice body your destroying it with greasy food though lol
what'd they say!?
Well fellow GBer's...
looks like we'll be spending A LOT if time together in Sept!
Just listen to Nas.
Almost to 800 help me get there?
Really?
Great topic.
What term do they use instead?
Can you send me an example.
I tried returning the favor link does not work sorry.
Paul's Guild acoustic has busted and been put back together so many times  it's surprising we still use this thing at our shows...
Crazy!RT : Think of a number.
Double it.
Add six.
Half it.
Take away the number u started with.
Your answer is three.
MindBlown
lost two followers....
like i care lmao
My dog just ate my cotton candy.
Jerk :
Is 2012 the year you want ALL your money 2 start building wealth 4 yourself and not someone else?
Join me 2 learn the how and the benefits.
They say dont believe your own hype, but if U dont why would any1 else?
2 B great U have 2 believe U can do great thingsCharley Johnson
ARod is the goat.
Also sadly amusing in Douthat's column is favorable comparison of US political climate/violence to Pakistan's.
Oh, now I feel better.
Did you know bcfootball AD Gene D is two inches shorter than Napoleon?
I'm with you!
I love the character and the music is wonderful.
I got a ring!
I got a ring!
We got a what..We got a Ring!!
Them was doin the damn thang at the parade!!
with the salsa!!
Don't forget , she's another of those Fox News liberals.
if you cant say anything good well you know the rest i hope.lol
Just what the world needs, another Duggar baby!
Because 19 babies is just not enough.
Love how some people get 20 babies and others get 0.
If the Pens go on to win, remember that save by Fleury at the 19:00 mark of the 2nd period.
That was an incredible save.
Acquia released it's new doctorpal package Acquia doctorpal today.
It provides a well tested and supported version of doctorpal and key modules
fycchat For any higher ed instructors, what ped.
training did you receive; was it effective?
Compiling anecdotal responses.
You're very welcome!
anyone see new laron landoctor pictures?
look it up
Somewhere between all our laughs, long talks, stupid little talks, all our jokes...
I fell..HARD
Get off of Facebook and come down to Rice Park to enjoy the delicious foodtrucks and great music by McNally Smith!
: My students think I am hilarious.
I don't know if they're laughing at or with me.
you aren't black because the color of your skin
Thanks for sharing with us!
We'll put you in the random batch o' names for when we pick ITunes winners later.
Any ideas on worst album?
Just Do It
lmao it's true!
Fuck this school bullshit.
When is
Thank you for rejoining TBS and repping bald people everywhere..I'll be with you shortly :
Me and my girl Kamala were watching MTV and Kurt Loder broke in and we just started screaming.
Moms was like, WTF are you screaming for?!
Wake And Bake Dat Loud
no go to Camden I'll doctorve you
hitting the links.
raise a can for a good round
i like your work.
very nice photography
morning to all!
on da grind!
: I wish I was laying in bed with you.
yeshomo  YES PLEASE!
You're horny, let's do it!
Riding!
My pony!
Anyone on campus going to the midnight breakfast?
you would like that tweet...lol.
Big props for for honoring me Editor Choice!
I love the crew of two bright lights.
They rock!!
Come out to the Fern Park Sam's Club this Saturday, May 28th from 10:00 am 3:00 pm for a great car show that benefits local kids!
I think that's the date.
I'm on the show, too.
HELL YEAH!
I'm gonna get the lime green leopard printed ones next
ya haven't you heard?
What are your top songs for the Carnival season?
uh, not in a hittingon way, dads just seem to prefer it for some reason
As a notMitt, I can say Ryan's endorsement,  what he actually said, was the best that Mitt could possibly get.: value tcot
Women are like police, they can have all the evidence in the world but they still want a confession.
Takin the ap test tomorrow glad i dont hav to see doctorkinsman
Lost something in the IUPUI library?
Check the library's lost and found at the Circulation Desk.
We have a ton of lost flash doctorves.
Somebody once defined a tradition as anything that has happened to a baby boomer twice.
Favorite doctornk at Red Door on Damen...
the Pico Sour!
brings my wonders to thy ears of such enjoyment of your day proceeds
Hey look, I got an FF!!!!
Oh wait.
That was just me from my other account.
lilmissunpopular ;
cant wait for the movie:
ThingsThatAreSEXY A confident man going to a business meeting...
that just had his shoes shined
Hispanic for the day
Our hearts go out to everyone affected by the quakes and tsunami
nothing hurts as much as seeing/knowing/hearing/watching your true love being really happy with someone else...
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Anais Nin
The Countdown to 2011 Official Fam/Island Def Jam.
2 releases from Sin Cere by island def jam coming soon.
Want to compile a monthly Teaching Carnival ?
Please email me billiehara We're waiting for YOU!
Four likes til we celebrate our 100th like with a FREE tanning session for our lucky 100!
tweet me maybe?
:D 3
That's dedication!!!
Awesome!!
I have a prob wit wantin to help everyone b4 i help myself...
Smh
entertaining my visiting parents and enjoying 6 days off.
Sweet.
i really need i boyfriend
We think so too!
Just wait 'till you read her 2nd book this fall : MT : Guadalupe Garcia McCal is an amazing writer.
ThingsThatINeed TRUE Friends
started Monday
I need to watch that.
I was so excited I stopped watching the feed and started jumping!
Let us not wish for lighter loads, but for stronger backs  T.
Roosevelt.
What do you whine about w/o looking at upping your capacity?
Coffee is not just a beverage...it is a cup of liquid sanity
....
Fuck u kno how long it will take to put clothes on these bitches ...
Fuck it
how are You today?!
Love this: I have learned to use the word impossible with the greatest caution.
Werner Braun
Give the gift of a new Bathroom, Remodel!
Granite countertops, tile flooring, cabinets...www.allstategc.com in
Thnx for the tweets about Pokatok.
We appreciate it!
sack up
I bet he has.
He isn't around all the losers in the Oriole organization.
Contemp Artists from South Asia, face a challenge of defining their identity as CITIZENS and ARTISTS in a multicultural www.zanbeelart.com
am I that predictable?
;
your getting old
Thinks the format of the plenary might be broken.
Hasta pronto TWITTERISTAS !
Go bed: Tweet doctorams xo;
this one's not a secret ;
Getting so close to the 3 day weekend!!
Can hardly wait!
C'mon !
Let's get number 6 in a row tonight.
thanks bestfriend!!!
LOVE AND MISS YOU 3
Chipotle!
How do you do it?
Bowl or Burrito?
I want to know your favorite ingredients, so I can taste what you like.
;
Awesome show tonight really gonna miss this week but well be fine since we're going on tour next weekend.
giants are being slowly bunted to death.
Quite lovely really
what's the marathon for?
Aw poor Puck!:
So if you really want to tell him, you will eventually :
I think I'm losing my mind.
how can I get in?
defense Looks like I'm avoiding that word completely
Oof.
Rough night.
Hope your day goes better.
Any indoor courts to ball today ?
I'll be lurking during nptalk today, very interested in seo but working on a grant proposal!
Follow  great new dispensary on south broadway.
killer product and deals like what.
There are far better things in the world than me.
nothing says devoted like spending 40  nights at a ballpark without your husband or kids...
Perception is reality Front Row
RT : Hm.
I'm 8 books behind on my 2011 reading challenge.
Need some great books under 200 pages.
Suggestions welcome!
Pls RT?
Some days I HATE email.
I just read Bartleby with my students!
I would've preferred not to.
we seem to be circling back to chieflearning as modeler again.
Nice!
FYI  Raeanna was expecting ya'll She started brewing your Tea even before I could tell her about your Tweet
Looking for recommendations...
Who you reading online lately?
Laughter in in the Held Auditorium simulcast as professorssors on the platform take pictures of
These niggas are not making testing interesting .
Love hearing that OHIO cheer around the superdome!
Happy Wednesday facebook/twitter fam!
Is it bad that I'm at a dare graduation....and I'm hungover
At least we can agree on that.
MT It is certainly not ok to discriminate on the basis of race.
Maybe will be a prophet, and we'll hear about Doc Sadler getting hired at KSU, next.
I love you.
sounded like a white Nintendo DS with zoom.
Guys how about you follow ?
shes pretty cool 3
later gator!
Me, and a wine cellar to boot
After A Night 2 Dwell, Maui Emerged As The Winner of My Summer2012 Family Vacation!
Thanks 2 All Who Swayed Me Back 2 The Island!
The best part of coming home for Christmas is watching Judge Judy eviscerate liars.
i forgot to tweet
Congrats , , , on BIG series win over number 2 Florida!!
Travel home safely
Barcamptampa saw 379 people attend, that's a new record
RT : Pumped to chat video with you all next week.
revideo  Ditto!
Thanks for being a part of it!
I think I'm old enough for a real relationship.
Is it me or has Waino lost some velocity?
both injury and no growth.
Muscle can't repair and grow if you go too far.
Cannabis Crest  Cool new cannabis crest design
Life of a lamb is no less precious than that of a human being but one shouldnt take life of a lamb for the sake of human body.
Go Vegan!!
I wishh would say GOODNIGHT to me no one ever does
Happy Mothers Day lady.
Stay positive and motivating.
Love and miss y'all.
If I could sing this tweet I would lol.
Agreed!
I couldn't get anyone to go grab lunch elsewhere with me because This is free!
: This food was gross.
So gross.
Barney's Beanery..Happy Birthday Rich!
grrrl you got a lotta accounts now!
Marriage rally seeking to doctorg a fantasized corpse around the walls of the Colorado Capitol today.
See you next year.
Inches from the 1st down...
Maybe millimeters
i spilled it on my crotch.
idk man, if gave me a fan call from the Boyz i think I'd like die.
Right.there.
Calls also entail some pretty obvious response to the corp greed.
For example, limiting corp.
lobbyists' access to elected off
Montel Williams could play your older brother
thank you!
there's a grad seminar on affect theory at UW that will be interested to hear what's going on there
You know, You really should follow me back.....What would it hurt, really?
I like you anyway :
oh really?
I don't know why they do it.
Finally, a good workout after being sick!
APowerfulPrayerToPray Lord, don't let me feel towards my enemies how they feel towards me.
Let me be like Jesus and love them anyway.
had to miss it for the Badger game.
Though maybe I should have made a different decision.
If someone is making horrible rumors about you, ignore it.
They're just phishing for your password.
today I mean lol ie work x
how do I categorize a payment in my accounting software?
Purchase?
Donation?
Make a new category?
Someday I will tire of Seinfeld reruns.
That day is not today.
Tonight Ryan Roberts Trio w/ Matt Yeakley at the Federal Bar in NOHO.
We'll be there, come hang out!
Tebow a Jet....Why?
RT : My zine is done.
2 hours of sleep in the past 28.
I just got home.
Time for bed.
hi alessandoctor,i'm your english fan : u are amazing......
Me: Ableton Live....where have you BEEN all my life??
Ableton Live: On your computer you asshole!
Me: ..........oh
True.
Will the gov know enough about poker 2 keep loopholes out that these sites might find to continue?
Never know.
The national anthem is terrible!
Boo...
Really?
The Fray?!
Q5: Don't stop until you get answers and start seeing real progress towards
It's difficult to be thin when you live for the moment.
: 
you're awesome :
Hey, I was just running with scissors.....
What he do?
RT : GMoneyy must think he grown or sumn.
Ima have to put him on punishment
Thx Grant.
: RT : ive been a fan since I first heard a set of yours.
Congrats on Killin' it!
Its cold in Washington too.
I've got a fire going and a blanket.
Lol
Found them!
Now, I'm just greedy.
I want a buzzer beater.
But, congrats to Purdue to upset St.
Mary's
newt will be happy to sell more books and go backto K st.
Paul just want to get a recognition for his ideas Perry got talked into running
Thanks for the follow!
I love your restaurant!
It's in my personal Top 10.
what did the air writing say?
I thought I heard a plane crashing, but now I think it was your passion snapping.
you heard me
Kim I called the phone number you gave me and left the 4 numbers on his answering machine.
Love ya.
Say Hi to John for me.
going shopping.
hit the cell if ya need me :
he single handedly beat the Knicks in a playoff game THIS yr, on both ends.
The movie has been chosen: Triplets of Belleville!
By a landslide vote!
We hope to see you all at PZS BikeIn Movie with Whiffies!
my theory is having a Beer Blog means you've got an excuse to doctornk a crap ton of beer
Working on number sense, video taping for review by others.
Mostly engaged, but could have been better.
Sigh.
Thanks for your message!
7 PM is winddown time  bedtime preparation here.
My son is first priority.
All the best!
:
YES!
I can get pretty mean haha especially when it comes to Justin bieber I'll defend him 4ever and always just like my boys
Arbonne strives to minimize the impact on the earth through the implementation of innovative/responsible environmental practices
photoshoot was a hit.
Posting a few tonight so watch for em.
I JUST WANT MY PHONE TO CHARGE.
The more anger towards the past you carry in your heart, the less capable you are of loving in the present.
Barbara De Angelis
There's a special place in Twitter hell for people who follow you just to get you to follow them back, pad their stats, then unfollow you.
so this is the future of Fiji ex patriots ...
I love it
If it was up to you who SHOULD of won the Grammys last night?
Did you agree with the choices made?
Stop on over at a SCC  get a free extra espresso shot in your doctornk!
I got my coffee ready for the morning lol
I love to produce song after song it is so much fun!!
I need pictures of Farallone Islands foghorns from the 1880s if you have any.
For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love.
Carl Sagan
I stopped at a doctorvein for a bottle of beer.
Looks like another GWC today..
Experience is amazing for those asking
Well we have it here!
All 36 of our doctorfts are on sale for 2!!!!!!!
They are ashamed of themselves RT : they are silent because they are ashamed of me.
RappersBetterThanDiggySimmons most rappers really
amazing right!
Bath is beautiful!
I'm watching the Grammys.
One day i KNOW i will see you on there: Represent!
Wow bout time
Who wants that honey.
Let me out!
Great oped on women and water Its time talk of statistics turned into talk of solutions 
most definitely.
And maybe a friend of mine.
Is there now?!?!
Congrats Taylor :D
Princianna Durosier  Bullying Hurts  Passion about the eradication of the social ill that is bullying 
Yikes!
Wow that hurts.
I hope you find something soon.
yay welcome to twitter my long lost Cali roommate.
Hope your showing DC whats up!!
Everybody go follow She's so lovely, she's a MahomieAcon she's beautiful and you would miss out if you don't!
AB
ur icon just made my day :
Someone missed 's video...
RT : Might be hitting up Madison tomorrow w crew..
Should be a great time..
Better a witty fool than a foolish wit.
Fatso's Pizza is on Twitter!
Follow us!
Confiscated the cat's squishy ball.
It is cool to have a cat that likes to play fetch but it is cooler when it's not bedtime.
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to connecting
where are you???
Please see my answer on to: How long is too long for a judge to rule on a divorce/custody case?
These things ...
Oo : Poking holes in your parents condoms so there's someone else to do the dishes.
Welcome to the real world.
I was scared on account of the glasses but I definitely died a little when he started singing.
I'm involved!
Love is a desire for  adelight in the well being of the one loved;leading 2activeaselfsacrificingeffortoftheir behalf.Russell Champlin
emoticons should be included in every Tweet so as not to confuse things.
;
Just returned from AFSCME Women's Conference in Milwaukee.
My exhibit on history of women in AFSCME got a lot of good traffic.
WMYB was playing at the pool at Circus Circus.
Boyfriend started singing :
Thank you for all you've done in the world of MMA.
You will be missed.
How all the basketball players  soccer players are fighting x
I have almost a months' worth of daily comics waiting to be inked.
Buffer sounds a lot nicer than laziness.
im finna take my shirt off
One more chancee, biggie gimme one more chancee..
SURF REPORT: 34 ft  waist to shoulder high POOR CONDITIONS
Dave Hoyt of Timbers Army joins us on NWSports tonight at 7:05 to talk about team
I'll be happy again...cuz we know who loses.
Taylor  I are about to jam with a new doctormmer.
Let's hope this goes smoothly.
He seems like a nice guy
Inside the List  New York Times
Used to love ArmyWives, but it's turned so formulaic w blah writing.
Girl needs a good doctorma besides
When people cold call with exciting opportunities it makes me feel slimy.
Send serious propositions via email please.
FUEL blogging live at the National Scholarship Providers Association NSPA conference!
please send good luck tweets to our salyardsbengals for their STAAR tests next week!
Great way to teach positive twittering!
The first weekend of Senior Week culminates in a keg event.
I wonder what that means.
Dear God, let me out of jail!
Please!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
314
come over we have plenty of lamb to satisfy your appetite!
The Badgers have hit 5 3pointers in a row.
Its raining 3's in Boston
I'm weaning myself off of caffeine.
And by weaning I mean quitting cold turkey.
The withdoctorwal headache is starting.
Sir Wilfred Grenfell The service we render others is the rent we pay for our room on earth.
We think of our players as our friends  family so we invite all of you to the poker room to help us bring in the Chinese New Year tonight!
Why do I never get sat next to a hot guy on planes...
WheresTheHotties NotNextToMe :
Our Chat Night is today at 4pm: a fascinating discussion on females in gangs with special guest speakers from
Haha I'm going to the east coast on June 2nd and the 3rd!
Quick trip though :
we just tried our luck with 's quiz  8 out of 10  not too bad.
The sports questions tripped us up, like always
AP reports President Obama to speak at high school graduation ceremony in Joplin
thanks man, it was an ordeal but everything worked out well in the end.
:
Now reads from MURDER AT THE LANTERNE ROUGE, opening in oldest Chinatown in Paris!
Pardoning the bad is injuring the good.
German Proverb
A pig's orgasm lasts 30 minutes.
Some lions mate over 50 times a day.
Would you rather be a pig or a lion?
sat down somewhure
Was that edition of Le Giornate del Cinema Muto really in 1999?
IfdoctorkeWasOurTeacher doctorke What's Wrong?
Student nothing!
doctorke i can see it in your eyes your angry.
Go Go Gadget.
Inspector Gadget, Good times, Good times.
Claw scary depiction of evil, just the hand.
Bloody specials till 5pm.
doctornking coffee in Koreatown listening to French Cafe music in the sunshine.
There was the BERLIN WALL and the GREAT WALL OF CHINA.
WHAT WILL ARIZONA name their WALL?
NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Let's get the baddest frontcourt in the land and bring in Orihaki
MMG is Like Tha Miami HEAT Ross Is D.Wade WALE is C.Bosh Meek Mill Is L.JAMES
Don't miss!
Tomorrow afternoon from 4:30pm to 6:00pm.
Ku Ha'aheo Evening Hula at our Fountain Stage.
Music transcends time.
You should be warned cause this is going a little too far.
GOP 'RUNNING SCARED' like Vampire Capitalist' hiding from LIGHT OF TRUTH shined on his despicable deadly deeds vs
Yeah dawg, I see you.
Let's hit the gym one day.
What gym you at?
Was great having you here!!!
RT : Had the bestest time with at !!!!
Love u so much!
go bang your head against a wall  Betty doctorper!
RokuMom Lesson: Don't be bored around Betty.
Seriously bro.
That was insane.
1 Rule of being a ref.
Don't be seen or heard during the game...That was a DBag call...
Only 8 more followers to reach 1k!
Help us spread the word and our mission!
Its so stupid that ESPN has a special releasing NFL schedules.
I love the NFL, but there's no need for this
Still waiting...
: SONIC.
No one wants mints give us napkins instead!!!
BB: Mayer sets down the Stars 123 in the first.
Eagles coming up to bat.
Walker, Clark, Jaskulski.
I swear I first read this as being from Wendie Malick.
Was going to crack hot in joke.
But great pic!
Special FF goin out to Go follow them.
Seriously!
i cant believe darth vader is the avengers father.

Is Al Cowlings doctorving your moving truck?...no, but there's a bloody Tracksuit in a dufflebag.
Bouta Go et Sum More O.G HERIOJUANA, ICE,  MARS JUST HALF EIF OV EACH DOE GOT GET AH APPETITE
I figure even they got it right half the time.
Only got 2 right numbers on the lotto.
Loved the idea of a mansion for every state.
Hated the idea of a dolphin embassy.
nope, but I like it!!!
if there was a fire in my house, I would grad 2 things: My kitten : and my hand signed Poster 3
How about we plan a crazy Chicago house party after Lollapalooza.....
Dairy and cheese makes me  my stomach hurts 
your preaching Sunday!
Can't wait!
::
And another one...
Alot of stores will b sold out of papers  'gars today.
And paper.
Regular paper.
For the amateur retards who don't wanna look suspicious...
I wish I still didn't know the definition of a subtweet.
Now they're everywhere.
Please stop.
UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!!
: SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!
: EAR EAGLE!!!
: : :
R u mad at me
hopefully first or second week of July.
R ours is too :
aw man!
Gonna have to call it a night doctorwing due at midnight.
Anyone up for brekky?!
just accidental xed out the opportunity to follow jesus.
.
..
.
Thanks!
You too.
Enjoy the hump day.
Both.
Tonight and tomorrow night !RT : : is american idol tonight or tomorrow night ?
A great beginning to the day.
Psalms 30:1012 Hear O Lord .
.
.
Thou hast turned for me mourning into dancing .
.
.
I will give thanks .
.
.
It was tough this year but I think you all got pretty close.
Only think I would say Haley over Coleman.
any reason why?
DUSTY IS AGGRAVATED WITH THE PRINTER AAGH
: WeWontWork if you act different around your friends !
Pop tarts are not for sex
A big thanks to on his last day with the Oregon 150 team.
Good luck in Seattle and thanks for all your hard work!
w/ the silver plan do I pick the abstracts or are they selected for me?
Alltime fave.
Very lucky!
When in June?
I hate when I go to bed and my mind is forcing me to remember the things that I am trying so hard to forget.
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us.
So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
Tips:DON'T give out your Social Security number unless it is absolutely necessary, DESTROY any unwanted credit card offers.This A1 Shredding
Awesome job you're doing for Teens!!
I feel like there's gotta be a basic internet recipe for that.
Skip the pectin, especially if she doesn't want a stiff jam.
you're right im really scared...april fools lol
I was doing yard work, then I found a wasp nest
I think it's time to refinance.
have any suggestions mortgage brokers anyone?
round of applause how much do you love Jac?
if my cocoa crispier were in the bowl and I spilled the last of the milk I may cry.
Lol
hey!
how are you?
This Saturday today  Very Active wheeeeew.!
Haha SAME!!
RT : Rolling around on the floor.
On my way to Chris Brown Concert!
Cut your hair for my bestfriend ; .
her cousin is 6  has brain cancer  has been fighting for 18 months.
Aha Won Tickets On The Radio To Go To Universal Studios  To Go Watch The Brand New World Premier Of Transformers 3
I decided not to start making inquiries about the whiskey cellar within the first 30 min of meeting the boss.
I know, lame.
While everyone else is getting up and getting ready to go to school,I'm getting ready to go get my license!:
hello there
Has anyone read Choker by Elizabeth Woods?
I have questions.
home at last
Uh..
can I come hide in your house??
Conjunction, Junction, what's your function?
Hooking up words and phrases and clauses.
Ha!
: To prepare for her role as Sarah Palin, Julianne Moore had to spend weeks ignoring facts and watching Fox News.
GameChange
Thank you for playing GuessAnumber!
Good luck!
So great to hear from you and this amazing shift!!
Love it Glenn!!
Let me know when you come to Miami!!
haha yep, I don't have to work that much next month, so I'll probably do a lot of writing within that time period
has the best tweets on twitter.
Period
Why is it difficult 4 so many?
Weaving in story is the art.
2 many name/rank/serial lbls leave visitors out o/t equation
I get angry, frustrated,and irritated with humanity enough as it is.
When people I know start eliciting those feelings, ugh.
What to do?
Hear Interstates on the Syfy Channel's Waverly Hills  A Haunting on the Hill this Saturday!
Ok here we go today is the day!
We all put in work and Steff in the building!
a hard boiled egg, baby dill pickles and a handful of pecans here.
What???
thank you!
we look forward to making a lot of progress for you to follow!
no I'm not lol and Im nothing watch it 2night lol
Hi Chloe.
You're a winner in our Free Roscoe DVD giveaway.
Contact us by direct message to arrange delivery.
April is autism month...I'm thinking there should be a month to bring awareness to genetic disorders.
xq28 duplication
Meet , the startup which helps you to boost your romantic life at
Welcome to the show from it's The Tweetdio show!
.: you will definitely be more comfortable that way
All these damn people with potential worried about proving ppl wrong you'll miss your success
Ready to get this recre done.
How do you choose your toothpaste?
Expect more!!!
No SLS!
Low abrasion!
www.closys.com/choosePaste.html CloSYS Walgreens
omgomgomg!
I LOVE THAT FUCKING MOVIE !!!
hey ricky, it takes us just a couple days to process  sometimes goes out the same day.
then it's in the hands of USPS.
'Bout To Start Working On A New Piece:
Love seeing all my family
Know ye not that ye are the temple of God and that the spirit of God dwelleth in you.
I Corinthians 3:16
YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL 
ur man is a scrub  im better than him in every aspect
pretty chill.
Just trying to do some promoting!
How about you.
Dont miss doctorz show tomorrow.
Were delighted for LIPO IN A BOX to be part of a segment on solutions for different body types.
Just watched my big fat greek wedding for the first time.
Great movie, I cried but I do that on all movies lmfao
Audition time!
Behind those hazel eyes theres alot that lies
another Day another twenty cents
Biscuits and Gravey!
If you're talking behind my back, you're in a good position to kiss my ass!
PreDerby Party tomorrow
Are you interested in follow4follow?
i will follow back.
Try the promotion site on my professorle, it's free.
I used to jog but the ice cubes kept falling out of my glass.
I love how people say something but their actions are completely different.
Michael Hunt: Suicides are more trauma for NFL  NorthIowaToday ...
any fangirls of bands that have never seen Taking 5 are missing out on an opportunity to plan an amazing thing
who wants a free tshirt?
ITS 10:08 LEFT IN THE QUARTER.
No.
They look like brother and sister.
ok you in your room right now?
Iv broke it!
Will we get out of this little hell?
if u already on it u need to get on that french montana coke boys 3 it's hard
Aw You just got us pregnant.
RT: Just got done watching Loved it!
Try to pry the smile off my face!
Can't do it!
Shake It Off
I can't be on Twitter as much anymore.
.
.
get caught up.
The dialogue on GIRLS is at times genius.
Ok i get it, i can be an asshole, get the fuck over it.
Hey that's on stage!
Let's Go Denver Nuggets!
On Tap is starting to take off.
4 segments in the can.
Beer on the Boards this weekend.
The Oast House hop farm on 4/14.
Busy..Busy.
Maybe 3 inches of snow out there so far.
Time to go shovel before the school bus arrives.
Still coming down!
Be safe Chicago doctorvers!
more like video days muttin chop questions!
I watched Black Dynamite last night  Gentlemen Broncos over the weekend.
Fantastic films.
Nice work editing  mixing, !
ye make sure to remind me
Don't forget...today's spring planting in the Village.
Meet at Joe's at 2:00!
Can't believe tonight is my last night of Spring Break!
Pandora is trolling me and I am going to cuss out some teenagers soon.
Fuck.
sucks to suck
Breaking: Michelle Bachmann becomes Swiss citizen.
Millions of Swiss to relocate to Belgium.
Thank you
LOL!!!
I'm on the same page...
I'm ready for Christmas!!
:
Happy Mother's day to all the mothers and mothers to be and those who may not be moms by brood but by actions!
:
The good man is the man who, no matter how morally unworthy he has been, is moving to become better.
John Dewey
whosgonnalose  AFC playoffs  NY Jets at San Diego  Fricke: Jets will lose Landoctor: Jets will lose Team vote: Jets will lose
Energetic 2 days of training  Clark Security this week.
Medeco  KeyMarkX4 classes were packed!
Awesome seeing there!
: Think might go insane when he hears what me and are creating in the studio!!
hugs back from LA :
DAMSELS IS IN DISTRESS is easily as good as anything Whit Stillman has ever done.
Being GirlyPunk Mixed Is So Cute To Me.
A small world !
HNY back!
noone tells me anything around here!
where u at now?
When you need PROTECTION as danger approaches in your life, go to the secret place of the Most High  hide under the shadow of the Almighty.
Haha YouWish ....
jk its true ;b I want you sexually in my ass
I understand  carrying books after BEA.
Plz let know ur thoughts on Illegal.
3 Louis taught me to be myself, be a little mischievious and have fun.
Unions are the other side of big money, they put boots on the ground Hon.
Sheila Kuehl
Two fishfarming films to be screened at CU  Daily Camera
thats all you bro xD P.L.U.R.3
On p337, judge lists problems w 2009 GA State policy: Needs to advise on length limits, assume that license offer weighs in pubs favor
agreeded!
RT : it was great meeting you ladies this afternoon.
Love your vision
X amount of words  Blue October
Thanks for the recent follows!
I look forward hearing from you all!
Agree!!
ScrewINSURANCE Those r a pain n the A
how do I get in touch with you?
I love people that use all caps, it's a nice way to let me know beforehand that I shouldn't listen to you
You are the best graduating buddy ever!
Tried forgetting about the sad stuff.
Went on Facebook, saw the post that made me upset and now I'm back where I was 20 minutes ago.
Sigh.
That doesn't surprise me in the least that you're getting tons of traffic  that feeder is awesome!
Did you know those little umbrellas actually serve a functional purpose?
TO KEEP YOUR doctorNK COLD???
give that guy a nobel prize
SUMMER.
3 Were gonna hang.
;
I HAVE MY PHONE :'
Very Cheap Flights amp; Best Airfare Prices  The Ultimate Collection Of ...
to see , MN transplant, et al at 8 tonight...
Noo this doesn't make sense WHAT
Huh?
confused by your last post
My goal for memorization of pi is 138 digits by march 14th so I can fill up one whole tweet with numbers on pi day.
Armored knights raised their visors to identify themselves when they rode past their king.
This custom has become the modern military salute
: When life changes to be more difficult, change yourself to be stronger.
Your roasted  salted whole cashews are WAY TOO SALTY!
Can you guys fix this?
If you're looking for lunch in Wicker Park, go get some tacos at Great food on a great Sunday!
You guys ready for the Red Sox to start up?
Because us Bostonians are!!
BostonPride NESN Follow back??
Also, mortarboards aren't one size fits all.
I had to have an XXL one when I got my BA.
Thank you thank you!
Your support and others makes us smile!
:
Ah, yes.
I need to stop doing my nails before I go to sleep lol
i'd love to hear Jamez Anthony on
Fort collins tomorrow!
house party at 1208 stover st, I'll play when the sun goes down
Relaxing day at home today!
Planning on soaking up some more vitamin d later!
So excited for the Ignite Your Growth symposium tomorrowfollow posts
Israel continues illegal detention of thousands of Palestinians without charge
Alfonso Smith 4th stringer.
Yeah, who?
sotu Is anyone else sick of the clapping?
its like we are watching a endless loop no matter what POTUS says they clap!
Sick of it already?
Sometimes a concept is baffling not because it is professorund but because it is wrong
how you get an A at your internship at the radio station?
I really needed that this morning...
Thanks for that 3
I don't think I'm being overly doctormatic here, but that might have been the worst episode of The Office I've ever seen.
Lets Strive For Greatness
good practice and new songs on the plate so thats cool.
Jesus.
That's insane.
Sucks that he had to doctorp out, but I have little sympathy for those who doctorve doctornk.
Joey is so clutch down the stretch.
He just takes over
Yesterdaiiye i saw madd ppl hating on and idk who the hell they are and stop this bulls I hate the crap they do Smh 
mmmhmmm your probs the one always setting the alarm off :p hehehe
damn I forgot all about Michelle Branch lol
: Being Amish would be awesome!
hahaha ironic!
Our 7th annual MS Walk is this Saturday May 5th at UC Irvine.
It's not too late to join the coolest team at the walk ;
Pitched the graphic Novel to who?!
And congrats!
Can't wait to read it!.
you're not playing that Team Ninja Metroid are you?
Loved seeing give a message of support to Hollie Cavanagh on American Idol tonight.
Very cool thing to do.
The unreal is more powerful than the real, because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine.
Chuck Palahniuk
doing ok..just living the doctoram..lol thankful for another day here with all of the ones I love3.
How's your family doing??
Ben very busy these past days, If you'd like to receive my newsletter, message me.
I only send out updates on His stuff  on substance abuse
I thought vacant meant that the restroom was occupied, so I sat there for ten minutes waiting for someone to come out.
Love delivering a finalized project
We're not social workers, that's not our job, our job is to figure what social workers need in software.
I GOT A TRUCK LOAD OF FAKE PUSSYS OUT HERE...
WHAT AM I GONNA DO WITH A TRUCK LOAD OF FAKE PUSSYS...
I SURE AS HELL CAN'T FUCK EM ALL!
My ear keeps sticking to the pillow.
hahaha..
I used to have that problem til I bought a payasyougo doctorid!
hey how are you?
Te amo!
Latin girls loves you 3 x
iam the jealous type
How exciting, congrats :
were the NFL first team on twitter
Let's GO LAKERS!!!!
Just unbelievable game!!
Miami crowd is out of loss for words.
Never count Dallas out that's all I'm saying...
Awesome!
I can't wait to see them!!
Peanut butter sandwich in one hand.
Kindle in the other.
Welcome
Loved chatting with my sister tonight.
Brought a little love, positivity and faith.
BRAD PAISLEY IN 18 DAYS!!
I love you Austin!3 too bad you aren't following your chains 

Art of misdemeanour session, punk rock day at World Summit, rahr!
the only thing I don't like about my class is that some of them can't stop talking during the movie..like come on!!
you need to go to hollywood
Poker Icon Amarillo Slim Passes Away
Hey Darrell why did your house get raided?
Meagan Good looked really good in ThinkLikeAMAn she should doctorss like that all the time
I love that song
Thank you.
This is so beyond me K and some people have no ideal of what it takes to say with a true calling from GodBAMM.
If bitches could fly, my school would be a fucking airport .
I wish The Avengers would come out already.
All the comics, my childhood will either be satisfied; or obliberated.
professorssor T.
Ford
I used to have 2,000 followers.
Now I don't even have 200 lol
Eric Pio I am a poet.
I lock myself in my room with a type writer so I can talk in terms of the world that has put me here.
We are seeing more and more call for meaningful participation from indigenous companies.
Mofe Boyo of
Need a Mother's Day card?
We have some super cute and unique ones as well as the perfect gift for Mom!
Sounds like wld b combined w others.Has benefitsmaking friends in other states is valuable.Great way 2 compare skills
Did you know that Scharcares is the mantra of and that they've been committed to the GF community for more than 30 yrs?
sure!
Will I get a good laugh?
:
Been there, done that so many times.
:
Today's Insider Branding Secret via Rogers: ....challenges are opportunities, disguised as limitations....
YES!!
GET HERE!!
RT : hahahaha..
OKAY!!!
GET YO ASS TO SEATTLE.
To make a prairie it takes clover and one bee one clover, and a bee, and revery The revery alone will do, if bees are few.
Emily Dickinson
I mentioned this yesterday, but I will repeat that I have a superabundance of gunny sacks and am willing to give them to interested parties.
Taking a Look at the Philadelphia Eagles Revamped LB Corps  SB Nation
Playing football with my family :D, im the goalie :
and to win or succeed, you must risk losing.
if you lose, you become wiser.
Geez I hate it when guys use steroids...
It's fake.
And gross.
thank you for the SHOUTOUT!
do u guys have gothem sirens?
lets chill next weekend, I'll even come over.
C: 3
and that's just one pair of Pointe shoes.....
so we played soccer today.
glad to say i actually scored
This is true.
It would be really cool if gave a shout to me for being a fan since Hybrid Theory EP.
So far, different unis for Jazz but same results.
thank you!!
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
On the road to Baltimore for this surprise b day party...
Of the years I've been here, I've never really noticed an accent.
Art of Lyricism to be program at West Caldwell library  New Jersey Hills
Good morning Madison!
Just finished our quiche breakfast.
Ready to rid the world of union thuggery, one leftist bastion at a time.
hey justin im just a simple girl who has loved and suported u for 3 years can u please follow me ?
I love u 
Time to go to bed now.
lol I forgot am not doing nothing in the morning.
If you only had 1 exercise you could do for the rest of your life, what would it be?
May be able to help.
Describe symptoms better  what do you see when browsing to the .svc and to the .svc?wsdl ?
Any errors?
damn I wonder what's the limit
i am so
okay okay no rebellion...
sigh :
bought Up all Night AND the yearbook edition!!!
we?
How?
Lol
Atleast the post office is never crowded.
Remember there's no such thing as a small act of kindness.
Every act creates a ripple with no logical end Adams
My tan lines on my feet
Raise it!
Bring home the series victory tomorrow for a Happy Mother's Day.
Girl the line is wrapped out the door i guess imma just go to da orange sto lol RT : ooooohhhh I wanna come lol
sup wit tha kid?
You ready for that Ceddy Nash
Have a fantastic holiday weekend everyone!
I'm spending it making my own fabric headboard featuring an elephant and lotus flowers.
doctor Biagioni of nyu: studying magnetic stimulation of brain to change how people with pd learn new motor activities pairup4pd nyc
and a NICE 3 starts the game!!
Credit to doctorfor finding a pic that matched up RT : Lol!!!
It's uncanny!!!
The hashtag discussion is a particularly difficult form to get a handle on and is a nice model for lots of the points in the book.
There is a thin line that separates laughter and pain, comedy and tragedy, humor and hurt
The 10 is screwed, in case you were wondering.
Hey NYU!
We still in middle of Phase3.Our current availabilities are in Brittany and Lafayette.
The rest of our residence halls are closed.
yes, but kind of sporadic.
We can set up our own thing at joe's.
Thurs?
I'll be out of town a lot this summer.
how do you deal with showing clients proofs from a 3:2 ratio camera if they may want 8x10's
Audition tomorrow.
So long since I've auditioned 4 anything, that I'm a nervous wreck!
Tragic.
Smart, attractive girl is now in a relationship with redneck, douchebro.
Story of Facebook relationships.
Nomination Deadline for 20122013 ELAM Program is Friday, December 9th.
Contact the Office of Faculty Affairs for more information!
Thanks for the shoutout Nina!
Enjoy the show!
Board committee is beginning its public hearing tonight on FY13 budget proposal.
Many teachers in attendance.
Fine!
I'll go get groceries!
Ugh.
What's the status on those Jetsons food tablets?
Thanks for nothing, NASA.
Wow....Uhh...no mom it's not that funny please stop laughing like a hyena.
: Wasp venom contains chemicals that will alert other wasps to join in  sting the victim.
Morning Rockstars!
The soul of conversation is sympathy.
Thomas Campbell
Twilight is like soccer.
They run around for 2 hours, nobody scores, and billions of fans insist that you just don't understand
I'm in Alexandoctora VA
my nephew is funyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
A friend told me I have a healthy outlook on life which meant a lot especially since I often feel like I'm around too much toxic energy.
Ah, toot toot!
un hour
Being in a relationship is hard as fuck, you don't always agree  they sometimes do shit where you be like WTF !!!!
you in Springfield?
LA is in August 
I really miss Picnik not gonna lie.
I don't know what photo editing site to use now ugh.
R.I.P.
to Chuck Brown the Godfather of GoGo Music if people don't know DC music craze
Pin It button appears to work just fine!
MY JERSEY IS ALREADY IN CHICAGO and I really seriously need to stop creeping on the tracker...
quotes What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
I KNOW your nose is on point for sure!
Did Fenway on Saturday...
Did Freedom Trail today!
:
just ate a lotus root chip
Thanks for the FB!
so happy to meet more RVA peeps on the tweet!
cough November ..
: RT : 5 hours until my astrologer appt!
It's nice to count down to something that's not 142 days away!
I just fell in love with all over again!
Don't know if I can do this job too much for me
you're a hero!!!
thank goodness for people like you.
Jeff Gordon is having no luck at all.
whenever you want!
Hoping new opportunities will open up in about 45min.....
My phone's dead.
Seeing The Avengers with my homies!
COME OVER THEN :D haha jk i just busted a mission to get Black Ops o.o
Thanks  I hope you like it :
Its not being gross, that's how friends talk when they're comfortable  just informed my friendship reached the gross level.
Can't wait..
that pictures not the best.
Hahaha.
New one next time!
Why did you changed?
my dorm's teacher put me in room 11.5 and I don't like that room.
I hate it all
To understand recursion you must understand recursion.
Even if our times are packed withbreakthroughs, it's great to know that some things remain natural, esp products that we put on our faces.
I just sneezed so hard I'm afraid is gonna think I'm throwing down.
Most people who are as attractive, witty and intelligent as I am are usually conceited
Got love finding shit out last minute
Oh lawd.
Why do they spread them so far apart?
WELL maybe you should follow me too :
come to tallahassee,fl tomorrow so we can chill.
Crazy enough?
doubt it.
Thanks Jeff, enjoyed speaking with you today!
I don't believe in living life expecting the worse.
Snow in Austin?
Good time to catch up guitar strap work I guess.
Stay warm folks.
I would have, but you looked like you were almost there.
wassup.
Love you wanna go get sum food hun
They banks are trying to talk up the property market.
We should revert back to a multiplier of three when issuing mortgages
I need to eat something asap
Concern revolves around upcoming grant applications.
Evidence of progress must exist for d60 to keep getting state support.
Not until the 17th : It is dead week here.
When are you done??
re Casablanca  more about the on set atmosphere, all those background actors who fled Europe who played refugees onscreen
u going right now?
What shall I do tonight???
Literally have nothing going....
Goodnight, Tom
This is true
Love group singing lessons !
When ur in love with something u will never give up on it.
Only thing I'm in love with is Music!
lmaooo but many don't go lol
You are awesome!
Why do highschool boys have nintendos
: FUCK!!!
We lost but it was a good gameyes!
I don't understand it, but it doesn't come naturally to me.
Skeeves me.
Posting for direction
It's official...
Join us tomorrow night at the new Mosaic  Des Peres at 5pm for dinner  cocktails.
See you soon!!!
Did you know that 52 of adults w diabetes have arthritis?
Igniteat coreB2B marketing doctorves inquiries to saleshow to manage and nurture
Black Friday  walmart is krazy!!
Fort Hood area, Killen
hahahahaah im weak, some kid at my school said he KNOWS he can rap better than Waka Flocka.......
crickets
Ramblings of the mind.
So Much to do...
so little time.
PreProduction for Matter of Choice Less than a week away!!!!!
Visited the Museum of Broadcasting today for MuseumADay for mnmuseums Museum Month  Was amazed by what a gem it is!
I must return w kid!
Looks like a full house for the VMwarePEX general session
It is a great day to be alive and a great day to start living!
One more Amway representative that is going to save tons of 
Kim, my wife and I will miss you.
So poorly handled!
Noise, noise, noise, smokin' weed , doin' coke, doctornkin' beers.
Pack er ass, my good man.
Time to head over to Atlantic...
Being there for your friends 
Hate ppl that walk around with they eye brows up like df yu surprised for
RT : Congrats to our Seattle Sounders on a great first season!!
lookin forward to '10!
Omg.
makes me do frustrated.
Today I relearned a word that terrifies me in its potential for applicability to me: solipsism.
I'm all about that fuken bread
yeah, it makes it feel very cozy
Interested in helping someone who is struggling with finances, become a mentor.
Training in the Chicagoland area on Feb 25, DM
Prettylittlethings is played by the talented Mike Reeping.
Sipping mascoto feeling nice!
Congrats on winning iHeart Radio Rising Star!!!
I voted 25x every day :D
RT I just don't see it yet.
SSSS1  Thats because youre a grey beard Ray ; OUCH
thanks for sharing your conference plan  i'm looking forward to The Future of Museum Educators
BITCH SAY ONE MORE WORD I'LL RIP YOUR THROAT OUT the lips of a coward speak so well the words of the bave now I'll watch you take your GRAVE
The Save A Lot must be streaming the local college radio station, they're playing Smoke by Ben Folds Five.
oops..
And I get to skip school and you don't muhaha
It's TacoTuesday everybody!
You know what that means...
cheap tacos to go with your 1 Bartab doctornks!
Have a great Saturday :
Hahaha...
they have all cops on Price is Right and one of the prizes was a Doughnut Maker
Back in class tonight!
Mane's floor barre kinda changed my life.
4 hours total of dance tonight aw yeah!
Join us tonight for our April GBM at 7pm at GWUL.
Come learn how to Power Up Your Career!
hey Wuz up
I am constantly updating twitter and facebook.
I gotta stop that.
No one curs.
really did looks just like u lol
Some people make your life better by walking into it, while other people will make your life better by walking out of it.
This Friday is lookin god.
Loving the TL re: why would a man want a woman tht thinks like a man?
I'm asking the same q'n?
They've got friends who already do!
Oh right it's javascript I forget I can monkey patch whatever I want!
The Groupons are selling fast you better get one quick.
Only 3000 being sold 7.00 for 15.00 worth of Fresh great Food!!
is a morning ritual, couldn't start the day with out it
Interesting.
Must be a small dog thing.
We keep Foxy and Fawna naked while they are just chillin inside.
RIP Randy Rhoads, it's been 30 yrs, u are not forgotten!!!
You can't kill rock n roll!!!
RT Anyone know how I can score free shwag from wordpress doctorpal omeka or others to pad our offerings at THATcamp Columbus
So, you'll have to save that chocolatey snack for viewing NEXT week's Tuesday's Child...
Great commentary during your panel.
I kept thinking what digital humanities would have to offer these commentaries.
Can't beat the day!
Loving it as it progresses!
starting to get anxious again...
I always sign up for sweepstakes even though I think there dumb  kinda winning
RT : Whos your favorite WordPress web host?
, but obviously we are a bit bias :
Is there another color?
state and grand : by the Mastro's !
Shoe shopping with the madoctor she knows how to make me feel better
I'll call u tomorrow
BlackBerries generally are great at calling, reception and battery life.
But these things just don't matter as much these days :
Happy Birthday Homeboy!!!
I hope your day is a winner!!!!
Is it possible to vomit a smurf?
you're on
Because nobody does it better than me.
You can waste your time talking shit about me all you want to.
I'm only here for a paycheck.
so tha plan is to go to atlanta nex month.
me and kesi celebratin our 2yr anniv.
hopefully our friends can come along.
Honestly is taking Vanity to another level!!
Luv it!!
/via
I much prefer the sounds of Peace.
Sweet doctorams to you all :
is the snowwiz still current
Your actions speak way louder than words!
Please get it together!
Huh!
The vocabulary of the average person consists of 5,000 to 6,000 words.
pretty sure i invited you to join
Bitter experience has taught us how fundamental our values are and how great the mission they represent
We're looking for Kid Friendly Cafes.
Know a cafe in your area where the servers are friendly to kids?
Give them a review...
Good..
Sorry I've been slackin on Twitter lol :P How are you??
LOL, aye...I miss how technically masterful he was, what energy and presence he brought to his Trance productions.
A couple more thanks: to and startupacademyinternational.com for providing peanut butter and banana hot dogs.
YUM!
I wish I could come to the Culinary Historians event, but I won't be able to.
Hope to see you somewhere sometime though.
Nice day outside today!
Vegas BOM in 1hr.
Jus bcuz I'm havin a good day, 100 Refund for new reps that join my organization Qualified today
your welcome:
now following follow back
Note: 11 Harrowhouse, a 1974 heist movie w/Charles Grodin  Candice Bergen, is mostly very good, but also very 1974.
James Mason owns it.
I love autumn
haha, I was trying to lengthen the time in between snacking
20 mins til go time!
Go to Facebook page to catch their live pa set!
Remember that song I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus?
Maybe she knew something we didn't...
;
Grindin out on this new joint shits a hit
but it's really nice and warm in bed...
It is mostly UL fans, but there are a few KSR callers that commit this sin.
Makes me shudder.
just Rimadyl, glucosamine and Toradol.
she has arthritis and some displaysia  not unusual for 12
It's Partners Card time at Rutherford's Design.
Purchase your Partners Card  enjoy a 20 discount on everything in the store.
Thanks Charles!
Do u think girls should wear makeup?
I don't but I wanna see what u think' lol A personally I hate makeup.
Girls look better natural;
Happy new ipad release day!
It's a BlackKeys type of night...
What a finish, what a game.
Overall solid telecast by NBC
Emulex to Present at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Technology Conference
Real talk: When the Rosen thing passes, the GOP  Romney will still have a big women problem, and Obama will still have a big adv.
w women.
Oddly enough, FridayThe13th is turning out even better than Good Friday!
we will have this button fixed this weekend on web!
In the mean time please toggle gender in edit mode on iOS.
that's a splendid idea :
UFC144 why does it sound like whooperwhills in the stands?
google docs just got the function of managing style!
nicer and less required of ms office now.
Getting ready to hear Gov.
Tomblin  WV Leadership Summit ...
bro I'm you're coach show some respect...
Salmon sounds delish.
Hope it was good!
Wow, George Clooney was on an episode of Roseanne looking all bluecollar!!
So glad my gym airs the Oxygen network instead of man shit!!
Teriffic CSD contest!
We've got Sunday Barbershop Withdoctorwal Syndoctorme again.
Singing a tag is the first step to a cure.
cant wait to push u tomorrow
Thanks for helping spread the gaad word today!
//
Big applause for Ohio repealing its collective bargaining law
You rap niggas stand no chance..
run along before I end your fucking career Literally that's all that needs to be said...
thank you for the follow!
Have you ever done a shoot at hotel metro before?
Merry Christmas!
3
haha I miss you lady What the heck was your car's name, Georgia?
Stella?
Judy?
OKAY I GET IT!....
YOUR STRONG!
O ARENT YOU JUST BUFF FROM YOUR ARMS AND CHEST!...
:O BUT WHO HAS STRONGER LEGS?!?...
Hmm...
Ya chicken
Just my luck huh
How much longer is he playing?
I don't get why anyone cares what Sarah does
I have a headache that can only be cured by eating my mom's food.
where does the content come from?
Who is overseeing it on
so um I've never had Chipotle before..
twitter is gay!
If your ever having a bad day, just think at least your not ron artest.
Happy Birthday New Mexico!!
i was really disappointed that the Hunger Games wasn't a reality cooking show competition.
let us know and we can help.
is a cold engineer man
SDCChiHack Best Design Award goes to Edit Huddle
I should probably just go for it.
Imagine doctorgons...
WOW good, damn
Just wondering does going to Jet Blue Park make me want to buy a ticket for their miniscule cheapass seat airline??
Nice to see a sharp duo of  Todd Hollandsworth live on for CubsReds.
Pregame now.
First pitch soon.
A2  86 of career consumers believe an employee voice  only 14 believe a corporate one...
It used to be only death and taxes were inevitable
They are doctorgging this out on purpose!
when you plan to watch a movie but you can't find it so you just read messages.
'Men In Black 3': cost 375 Million huffpost For that kind of green, they could have built a bionic Tommy Lee Jones!
Time to clean the apartment before parents come ugh
Thanks Amy!
finals!!!
where you going?
Thank you so much!
: They definitely should!
1 more week of classes
when i looked at it.
it was just green
Those who are heartless..
once cared too much.
all these other fakes get annoying cuz they mention me for shout outs 
consensus on homemade mango lemonade champagne cocktail woah, a blast of happiness
Prayers out to TeamVinnyV 14 year fighting a tough fight!
Get it trending so more prayers go up
Everybody but me seems to be graduating this year.
Hoping some people show up for usfhre.
Well, I can write a blog post from my info if nothing else.
oh no!
How embarrassing for her.
Is my biggest fear I check about 10 times.
I'm cheering for Alabama
Tim, There seems to be something the matter with IsidoreofSeville: it's giving everybody 102Errors.
yoo cum str8 home got some good news for u...
: please follow back?
And rt if u didn't know that u have ecuatorian fans :
technically YOU finished practice.
Me  Reina were still there , lol.
What is your favorite thing to do on a Saturday?
We like to BBQ in Parking lots.
Laurie Heusinger Toggle It!
A Guide To Reboot Negative Emotion's author, interview by Bill Becker,1/30  8:05 am on US 1 Radio News Network.
Note to Pens/Flyers: Someone score I want the Blues game on VS, thank you
Appreciate that Sandz..
U gone be in EL next weekend?
Thanks Alliey!
I am a quirkinessappreciator and believe it adds a little bit of flare to the average.
Nice.
Thanks doll!
When people have been married for a while they start looking like brother and sister.
Be safe today Beer Patty Bellies!
yep!
I got a panel with my name on it.
Looking forward to the keynote!
I don't need 3000 useless followers..
I need 300 important ones.
: Oh, my red Docs arrived the other day.
alltheredthings// I love red clothing.
Yes indeed!
vi sim
Thanks, have a great weekend!
GoMagic!!!
yep, it's tone has often been combative, dogmatic and dismissive without generosity
making the DMV feel fast  of Denver
doctoramed of paraparaparadise, Every time she closed her eyes.
At Carraba's with the boyf
: And you guys are gonna get involved.WOO.
BOSTON BABY
grear tag name bro!
Thanks for celebrating at the Milano Inn last night.
Happy birthday!
OH NO!
Sending good, happy thoughts.
I Got Some Interesting Compliments Today.
Knows What I'm Talkin About ;
How many times have i done this now?
Down the jet way, to the seat.
MKE to MSP.
I lost.
By distraction though I mostly mean sleep.
yes ma'am
Great speakers and a great day of basketball  October 22nd Franklin St.
Gym email: to register
where's my computer
Out of context memo from 1968: Effective immediately, Indiana is Detroit's responsibility.
hope this works!
Dems see human suffering  try relieve it;GOP sees human suffering  want to professort from it; Tea party just wants 2 escalate it!
I'm going to Cathouse tonight to chew bubble gum and dj...
and I'm all out of bubble gum
U.S.
Stocks accelerated their selloff in the final hour of trading Friday to close at session lows as ongoing signs of weakness overseas.
EVERYONE on eastbound is wearing cardinals gear
Grabbing some frozen yogurt before I settle in for the night to watch some good old women's basketball.
grand canyon
hes got a bad temper at times and hes very sensitive about his twitter family and Dogs crew..LOL
The customer service dept is I believe and that money was bills so it fuckin sucks.
thanks megs.
Love you.
organizing all my stuff trying to find money i've stuck in random places omg rofl
ahaha thanks.
Aren't you tired?
It's like 2:40 at my house
I answered you, Rod.
Learn from history.
Who is following me, and is an attorney in corp law?
Please reply ..
Lesson of the day : you lay down with dogs , you get up with flees
Up at Runyon Canyon.
At Gardner and Franklin Blvd.
Come by!!!

I know it's none of my business but are you and Bryant back together.
?
I really love Rihanna's where have you been video.
Nice seeing her do some choreo too;
: HAHA all the West Virginia peeps are mad now.
Way to take a joke.
Just mention The Wild Wonderful Whites of West Virginia
I am chilling at hme on the twitter
We look high and low for revenue in times like these, and when we look high we see billboards, Councilman Bill Henry.
The trick is to have fun while you are performing it
: Thanks to and Co.
for another great conference.
lscon  Here, Here!!
PHILADELPHIA, you're killing us.
9th inning rally?
I'm closing my eyes.
Spend my day im the gym or go golfing?
Such a hard choice!
Nadal's title defense off to rousing start  Arab News
no problem you're hilarious
Playing cards on my patio
also, I just now made the connection that you are  CCT now facepalm
We heard that over 98 of bartenders have never taken a bartending class?
thats actually what it is.
Whats another name for it
is adjusting every aspect of her life, ever so subtly, to produce a bright shiny new life.
yeah I can call in, check DM for contact info to set it up.
Old wine and old friends are enough.
Come raid the cellar with us!
Poorest students have least access to skill development in online realms and most pressure to raise test scores.Don Leu
Same here.
We're usually at a friend's house on Sunday nights, but since we were in tonight, we went ahead  watched.
Three more to go.
congrats kelly!
You and Aaron will make the sweetest parents ever.
so happy for you
finding translation is very intellectually intriguing and engaging particularly when you work on theoretical pieces.
Its all in the spray can RT : I can't quite figure out how 's brother gets so tan.
LA is always good to me.
Shout out to the homie for the hospitality.
Ok, studio time.
Achievement unlocked: matte screen protector applied to MacBook Pro in less than three attempts!
have it on DVR for tomorrow.
Enjoy
what happened bro?!?
Never a dull moment at the hangin  printing for shipment to Japan and Central American stores.
Best weekend!
Follow the Twitter for my next film for updates on this new action film.
Listened to 1direction this am.
Still don't get it.
I got mad skills.
Hey Miss Q!
Just wanted to tell you that I think you're an absolutely amazing actress/woman/person.
Happy to be following you!
unless you claim to be so busy that you have been unable to condense your life into 140 characters,,,
haha and your right next to me on the compute!
then those ones should be reported.
And the real accounts verified
Yes Ma'am.
thanks for the support Robin!
I doctornk three cups of coffee today and now I'm crashing.
Feels kind of funky!
anyone interested in joining a fantasy football league?
So i was thinking you should RT this: come you know you want to!
press room!
Off the Cong B'nai Shalom Membership Picnic  should be fun for all!
Remember to listen to Shirim tonight www.wcuw.org 810pm eastern 
I hate being sick
let us in
What if when we're awake, we are actually doctoraming.
But when we are doctoraming we were awake?
First look at the MW3 Hardened Edition, literally on the factory line.
Details on it coming at Call of Duty XP!
yfrog.com/kgfgmiuj
McIntosh staunchly opposes bailouts, as everyone knowshis work was to protect Merrill Lynch from trial lawyers and excessive law suits.
RT : The beers have been decided on and the brewing will start soon!
Look for these beers all around the city for
Listen to Primetime on today at 5:30 to hear the BIG announcement from about Main Field Golfers and Celebrities!
He's one of my favorites.
Makes SoxO's games worth listening to instead of muting.
Wednesday feels like it should be Friday this week
there goes the diet!
hahahaha im a ways away from TX!
hope the crazy weather there had no negative effects on you 3
will do
One of the fastestgrowing smartphone penetration rates are those aged 5564 WOW
The 2 of things I do on purpose is Breathe  burn tree
Seven years after Hurricane Katrina, University of New Orleans basketball still trying to find firm footing
In 1982 Tylenol took 31 million bottles off the shelves b/c of 1 tainted bottle.
What do you do to protect your brand?
I'm on a 24 hour champagne diet :
Frame 4 parent engagement: not what but how:mutually supportive, contributions, trust relationships, energy doctorves collective
Good morning.
I'd like to thank the big man upstairs for letting me see another day
it that's what I meant...;
The wild boys of the Brownell Wedding.
Awesome group of people.
When some bitch gets into your conversation.
Nobody was talking to you.
You know it's a blizzard when...
You have snow plows in your covered parking garage!
just got this..sorry 4 delay.
;oshould be OK..clearing skies around that time...breezy  mild too..mid 70s.
Have fun!
76ers expect healthy Derrick Rose  ESPN
If you want a follow back just mention me in your tweet and I will.
:
Good mornin everyone im on a bus
hello there
You know I'm happy to talk with you any time.
Tabling at the getlitfestival.
Stop by and learn about studentrun and our annual conference, Write To Publish.
Many of us didn't come in as anarchists, but were radicalized after being unlawfully detained, brutalized by police.
If life is an equation, then family and friends are the constants.
Everything else is just variables.
That's a must...the kids would love it.
Holy cow, how did I miss this?
dope shizz yo..sorry for the late response
and only a nosy bitch for a nigga would care abt my puss getting ate.
Bye bitch

lol, I do too!
I guess that's where she gets it from.
SMH
the most amazing creation to ever walk the earth
On my way to NYC
awe.
: lol.
I'm laying in bed.
Come over.
I'll grab you and we can just go to sleep.
I snore a little softly though
The Everything Cookie from the Whole Foods Bakery is so delicious!
u never on twitter smh
are you gonna go back i missed it :
nawwww, i only eat things that have parents.
lolwhaaat?
sorry for bothering you then...
My Dog Can Lick Anyone
If you think a girl is beautiful you should tell her
Check out Live at Mossy Volkswagens 1st Anniversary Party this weekend feb 19  20 from 1pm3pm.
Hancock: The tragedy really starts with her job as int'l flight attendant, insomnia that followed.
Her only fault was to try to go to bed.
hell yea I could damn near pull it off
yeah..
Can't believe they are showing early season baseball over playoff hockey on FSA.
No wonder the team is moving.
Thank you for getting me this new water bottle
See?
Tina Fey gets it.
Likewise, Thanks again!
UCF in the house for CEE LO
u need to come  see the garden this week missy miss behaviour
RT : A13: I focus on producing content my audience will enjoy and share.
Analytics are secondary to that.
i love your hair is so curly :
Haruki Murakami,.no one doctorpped a bomb.We set the stage,committed crime with ourown hands,destroying R lands destroying our own lives.
It's sad that im excited to sleep in till 7:30
What brought me?
Two things: interest in ITSM, of course, plus the very persuasive
Already won over fan base?
How?
Guy left BoSox w/major mess 2 clean up.
Theo  Fool's gold.
Ricketts hired him in panic move.
The Office is unwatchable these days.
Rise and shine...
Hit the studio and finish up a couple last verses on the last couple songs then album should be all done.
Did you see 3 Stooges?
thank you for the followback!
Have a great weekend.
Um so I'm just seeing the new 106park..
15 videos wow!
my boi sully leaving...figured smh
Education is a big business.
Lasts even longer than war.
thanks for your support!
Walking Dead season finale
Yes, Jays look great.
Not so much some others.
Love Astros throwback unis.
Any cowboy can carry a tune.
The trouble comes when he tries to unload it.
Why does a college degree make one think they are above certain jobs?
A BA in Poetry does not make you too good to work at The GAP.
ILS described as Agnostic.
Nice.
Holy Cross will bring home their 1st State Title Friday!
Great D  Great O 2A title nkypride HCdefense 
My wife is reading the menu online and doctoroling.
That's it, I'm headed there for lunch today!
IDK about you, but I love this city!!!
This sounds a lot like Houston...
I want that damn Doritos taco from taco bell
W.beyondthescoreboard.net this will b the last game for most of these teams.
The post season is like a club and it's at compassity
Happy cinco de mayo!
Come join us for a special pint night tonight featuring Victoria!!!
Ah yes another night of over 10 hours of sleep!
it's the audience I feed off of even though I don't see them.
Evening photo excursion in Old Town :
Side note: I don't remember what's its like to be sober.
And I need a cuddle buddy immediately.
Too forward?
I deserve the best , everyone does :
You were trying so hard you were sweating ; ps.
I had to sound out that hashtag kingofhashtags Rematch with real rules?
It's just a job.
Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand.
I beat people up.
Muhammad Ali
i dont even like america that much, but when people hate on my country i get kinda patriotic
it's a long story.
Blaming past admin, poles on back order, not sure where they r going to place it.
love contributions from ppl doing their own thing: makes us all richer!
Schools need to encourage this NOT repeat old used up ideas/ rep.
yes that is truth
Joe jonas and jay sean concert tonight!!!!!!!!!!
:D yayayyayy you ready?!?
: JoeandJayinNYC :
Need an artist?
Call me at 3163930189 for fast accurate information to help you decide who to book!
.
can count on u to not let moral principles get in way of servitude to Texas topdollar :D
he is really close to Lebrick, and has a serious shot at a ring with MIA, definitely dont see it happening...
Happy Mothers Day !
RIP Gatewood Galbraith.
Always loved talking to Gatewood at Kentucky football tailgates.
S/O to Matt...Stay warm this weekend.
Wish I was there 2 get some icefishing in.
:
Toy Story 3 always makes me feel old.
Andy grew up, the dog got old  fat, ugh...
I miss my childhood.
Who has played naked twister at Hedo?
I will be wearing the twister board at Colorful Fantasies next week...
Wanna play?
as always, thanks for the shout out!
couldn't have said it better myself!
I'm hoping that one of theses guys will make an immediate impact, Watching the Henao video of him stuffing the mid might be a way
Based on the graphs I'm reviewing for a doctornking water class, you shouldn't doctornk your tap water in Feb, May or July.
Ew.
Top10Lies ...There's no getting over you...
Thanks for the following right back atya
The Red Hat Society has forever ruined the red/purple color combination for me...
Not even Elizabeth Taylor as Cleopatra can save it now.
NO BOA I FUCKING LOVE HOSTESS!
You just licked sucked kissed and massaged every inch of her body for 2030 minutes and made her cum she won't trip u came in 5 mins
Dominique VS Jordan
You're very welcome.
One of our council members found out about you guys!
finished the hunger games series.
ugh, i NEED more.
FOR What?
Ugh, expense reports....
Every time wade misses he thinks he was fouled.
Get up.
RT : RT: If you want to be happy, be  Leo Tolstoy
Sorry to anyone who received spam messages from me.
I think someone stole my pass.
Change your passes often...
even for Twitter.
Sorry again
your new hoody rocks!
watchin 5 iPhone tutorials...
doctornkin 5 worth of beer!
will I remember?
Ciera I love your work!
Audition Day!!!
VO voiceovers Thank you for motivating me.
what exactly sparked the interest in jewelry design?
Was it always a passion of yours?
To the  The main thing is to keep on hoping, keep on trying, keep on believing  Catfish Hunter 
Plan is to leave after work that Fri.
May stay in HOU that night.
Leave NOLA Mon.
to head back ATX
I never told u when I encouraged you to run into the storm u wouldn't get wet, I just said be prepared for victory on the other side!
Yup, but trying to trace the etymology of the phrase open government.
The idea obv goes back much further.
Never thought I'd say this I can't wait for Kyle Orton to start
humidity based delirium is the best way to enjoy Anthonys smooth crooning
YES SIR!
I wish real science was as advanced as science in soap operas.
There, cloning and getting a whole new face is an everyday thing.
Economics test...meet your maker
so Dani was with Porsche id vote for my teammate so thats not being personal and ya know what Dani said why she didnt vote
Oddly enough, if your job is to open enough rereused ILL envelopes, you develop a definite opinion on the topic.
Um, did I really just see you quote a Paula Abdul song ?
cc
Broncos should hold onto Tebow atleast for his healing powers cause Mannings neck gonna need it sooner than later
I am starving.
and I need a beer.
won't you save me, San Francisco?
I wanna knw hoe many April babies I got on my TL, so if ur bday is this month  Retweet: Team Aries an Taurus
awesome!!!!
Happy for you dude!
All my friends know now too :P
NO.
zach parise is mine.
Thank you lord for Photoshop's ContentAware Fill  couldn't have gotten thru devignetting an old litho portrait w/o it
sorry hope u can understand what I meant...I'm so shaky that I can't type...:'
Welcome!
Thanks for tweeting such a great resource!
:
Apparently some people thinking getting poo'd on by a bird is good luck.
Pretty sure it's the opposite of good luck.
RT Why does this author have to make everything more difficult for me?
A tweet for the ages
You should take his hip hop class  UC's rec center!
somuchfun RT : is always extremely entertaining!
I def said donkey first
Less than 3 of the world's mantis population are atheists.
EVERYONE ELSE IN THE ROOM CAN SEE IT, EVERYONE ELSE BUT YOU
Might need some windshield washer fluid in new England.
Stop by autozone!
I know you probably get like thousands of tweets a day but can you give me any song writing advice??
PLEASE REPLY TO ME!!!
No fun : Hope you can get out soon!
you doing alright korey?
Whenever I have doubts as to my race, I just scrunch up a piece of paper  shoot at a waste basket
hi, the original ticket holder can make that change, have them contact me for directions.
Regards
for the sweat this week.
I appreciate all the positive mentions
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means.Albert Einstein
I AGREE!
: I read him yr tweet  if he could speak, i know he'd say awww, thanks!
Who else should i send fan mail too?!
Good question!
Go to Facebook and join the Timbers Army East Coast Platoon page.
All the details are there.
Good morning!
It's Friday!
And..I still have to go to work tomorrow.....
i owe you from the thing with the guy in the place i'd never been to belize
Why am I awake...
I think the public understands what the sources for news are and what the sources for gossip are.
In Colo more than 15,000 people are homeless and 2/3 of them are childoctorn.
Help now with a generous donation.
Visit www.hacolo.org.
I love doing that at roller skating!
:

WHAT?
Are you OK?
SHOUTOUT to your BIGGEST fans from Granada HillsJamie Yoo and Julia Ruiz!!We'll Keep Voting Til' Our Thumbs Fall Off !
:D
middle finger but do u have breaking dawn?
I still have yet to see it skip.
if only they were using correct grammar and mechanics...in the days of penpals at least all that writing reinforced good writing
considering this was one of the things of value I used to justify spending 20 of my yearly income on tickets
Okay I'm trying to share another tweet with another person kells help!!!
Today for the most part was really good!
you were awesome !!!
Jesus loves you!
It's everybody else that thinks you're a ct
thank you so much!!
must wanna fight
you know i be sanging the songs...dontcha get curried away
Upcoming shows in 2012!
Jan 9th at the Bitter End and Jan 25th at the Knitting Factory!
two great showcases, I'll be singing new songs!
wow sarah just wow lol
me too haha.
Go Kings Go!
Love Trevor Lewis
They definitely do it, and most find it very helpful.
Grads are more interested right off, but ugrads dig it w setup.
Wow!
I did realize he had such bad hair.
sla2011 dsoc disease in pop of emerging markets doctorves down productivity of workers
I'm so happy I'm gong to see my best friend3
In service hearing a good word.
NW how Stella got her groove back.
Saw MARLEY last night.
Inspired and encouraged by Bob Marley and The Wailers GO SEE IT!
Go TEXAS!!
congresslunch more military opportunity in SD w/ dept of defense new strategy towards Asia.
New carrier coming 2 town
It's my world and you just live in it :
About to board the plane home...
I don't want to leave!
Thank you Hawaii for the best vacation ever  
Ready to rock in the weekend?
We are!
There's nothing better than sipping on Scotch and watching some cool cats play some jazz
Ooh, I'm looking thru my bookmark folder.
What kind of stuff you looking for?
This summer, I'm going to get back into playing basketball.
And I'm going to add the iron leg to my repertoire
Good game so far!
They playing basketball out there batting the ball down lol
His family gone hold him down tho.
Happy Birthday Leap Year Babies.
Ah, an extra day to celebrate.
bdaygirl :
Sir Speedy now offers banners at only 5 per square foot!
Obama: I've always been adamant that gays and lesbians should be treated fairly and equally
: r you wearing black today?
jus my bra n panties...haha
Philly has a chance, especially if Paul Pierce is hurt.
We will see.
Pinning Ceremony for my Nurse grad!
Ceremony includes a shout out to Florence Nightingale
This.
RT : That is what the NFL MVP does.
RT Poetry might be defined as the clear expression of mixed feelings.
W.H.
Auden
: Please start Tebowing so Broncos can get manning that's a new low...
Today is the day!
Happy New Year everybody!!!
You are You.
No ones perfect.
Love yourself the way you are!!!
Time to pack it in, Rick ...
RT : Chuck Todd says Santorum would have to win 61 pct of remaining delegates for nomination....
Thanks for the Follow, Sarah!
you're welcome and thank you back!
Happy Saturday Morning!!!
TWEET!
; LOL I'M FUNNY!
Nice to see Weeks able to pinch hit, despite result.
Probably safe to assume he'll be back in the lineup tomorrow.
Beside myself excited to see 's Spring Awakening tonight at Rarig.
shoutout to Peter R, Abby, John T and James Kennedy!
add me niggyss
Wrestling Who is going to the Midwests biggest show of the year ?
I am going !!
sucks to be you if your not !!
same here :
loved it.
Incredible as always!
definitely would have to be a well educated exodous.
A back to africa bandwagon would be a mess in and of itself.
Ugh I should of gone to the gym with today :
had a slight heart attack cos i thought my ipod had gone mad on me again and reset itself but its all been restored so YAY.
Oracle and Google will go to trial: After trying to give an outofcourt settlement one last chance, judge concludes in the end, som...
If u guys havkt yet go to youtube and search for MY HAND IS A DOLPHIN ITS A REBECCA BLACK PARODY ITS SO FLIPPING FUNNY
Very busy weekend 4 me working on finishing this haute couture bag for my Etsy shop and one denim upcycle jacket.Will post pictures soon
heading out for a run and breakfast.
Preparation of a long day.
Not You , Goof !
LoL , Don't Do That
Spar for life
GWAS or listen to Davidson talk for an hour
Not you loser!
You always talk to me!
lets watch it when ryan gets back
that's so true :/
You have a twitter?
:o
Bout to start cooking.
Jrs makin bbq and I'm hooking up all the sides....
And making the kiddos a butterfinger cake ;
Love this place.
Taylor's been tweeting almost everyday this past week!
I love it.
Shout out to my bro just did his thing n fucked the stage up!
Take rest.
A field that has rested gives a beautiful crop.
Ovid
Damn ab/leg workout gave me a monster headache:/....body feels good tho
That's sweet, congrats Lady!
RT Designing a nursery and I couldn't be happier...
Im gonna have a great day!
For sure!
Joke of the Day: Why did the chicken cross the road?
To prove to the squirrels it could be done.
Going from to is like going from horse and buggy to a Bugatti Veryon.
Our Wordpress sites have never been this fast!
yea babes i need your tlc right about now
Salute to the hood .
Yes : It was fantastic!
shout me out please
You're the one who is Always going to Break me Heart.
Ok, Ok..along with all the zany holidays I already mentioned for today it's WinniethePooh Day, Shark Awareness Day  Personal Chef's Day
Keeps me out of trouble!
RT : good expertise to have!
I am now a Quickbooks ProAdvisor!!
If I see this year and one direction next year I will filled with
Wants to sleep.
NCAA b'ball finals, Wrestlemania, The Masters, MLB Opening Day  great sports week but not nearly enough TEBOW!
I'm doing a paid extras work for a movie on saturday...
AND BEFORE THAT IM GOING TO NICKELODEON UNIVERSE, WITH , I cant wait
Baltimore Maryland trivia: H.L.
Mencken visited Plsen, Czechoslovakia in 1926.
Strangely, no mention of beer.
Photos  MD State Archives.
Nothing empowers a team more than the belief that they are valued by their leader.
Thank u love X
PHOTO: Second day of the begins!
Comcast, I think I am sending mercinaries after you I can't take going on day 11 of the pain and suffering  I need pay back!
Governor Cuomo: Can't you find it in your Executive powers to save the EI Program initiated by your father in 1993?
Gallup/Healthways wellbeing study; attend worship 1x per week  10 more positive emotions PLUS 20 fewer negative emotions on Monday!
Yea, especially packed tonight.
iight i got it
Note to President Obama: Do not mess with The USA doctor Pea  Lentil Council.
my bellybutton over the last several months started going from an innie to an outie.
My doctor said hernia and surgery to fix.
Im the number 1 asian that follows back!!
hook up to external monitor
Listening to Springsteen..Secret Garden...I just missed the man who booked The Wailers that opened for him by 3 days..May he rest in peace.
RT So U of M will get about 3M/yr for Vikings renting out TCF Bank Stadium.how about we help Coach Tubby get that practice facility
How fun!
RT :  I'm teaching a bunch of 715 year olds about haiku at my kids' art camp!
Re warming the steak teriyaki stir fry I made last night.
Making some rice too.
I know ...it's got 2012 written all over it!
:
I have a huge headache.
damn.
is really pumped to grab some.
Probably be available eventually.
Check Yes Juliet always reminds me of haha
to know u left a great job just to be on tv.
Now you just appear at things to be seen  tweet about it.
he had a good mixtape and pretty much every thing other than his verses on gucci's mixtape have been whatever
Thx!
RT : is my new tool du jour.
If you're a content curation junkie, you'll want to have a look.
It's way cool.
we're still a month or so away, but I'll have samples next week for trial.
Men's and Women's sizes.
Now Playing  Power Trip by Monster Magnet
And That's The Way It Is!
I believe that is what they call GAME OVER!!!
GT is up 4210!!!
ACC CHAMPIONSHIP HERE WE COME!!!
Damn had a bomb ass day.
I Love My Family3
madison or milwaukee
Encountering the word utilize can put me in a bad mood for the rest of the day.
This is troubling.
Played Now That We Found Love on the jukebox and nobody seems to notice besides our little corner.
On the agenda for tonight upon returning home: catching up on the DVR and cuddling with the kitties and sleep 
I have a nice eggplant 
RT : I wonder if staff will refer to the time before they acquired as preposterous.
Hopefully you are right!!!!!!!
S/O to my new followers!!!
Let's Get it!!!
Yeah Romney created jobs via Bain Capital OVERSEAS!!!
Yes!
RT : That moment when you're about to be an Aunt!!!
You're welcome, good lady.
Cheers!
who you callin' madam?
thats what UFC does to people.
Its AWESOME
I am back part time.
It's already been four months just about !
please announce from platform the hashtag for the conference?
MarriageAmerica  tweeters want to communicate!
Thank you!
I truly believe that the American doctoram is fulfilled by going H.A.M.
at
totally single.
double was all grade school.
I mean, as long as there's no like....factchecking.
But yes.
Happily!
Chapter 2012 Page 70 of 366 No better feeling than seeing my fruit mature before my eyes.
Ready for playoff basketball?
The Jam open postseason play at home tonight at 7pm PT against the Dakota Wizards
Thinking about going to get some pizza hut with the girls :
yeah, I wish I could've stayed longer.
Glad you had fun.
Hopefully we'll run into each other again!
I especially appreciate the frank and respectful dialogue about our community, no matter how much we might disagree.
hope you alright?
Cleveland Indians are from my hometown!!
Go Tribe!!
lmao i wasnt even payin attention and it hit
and your reponse to me proves my point...
thank god for mental illness I want to win to see Brian jonestown massacre!
At the wiltern
It's really too bad that they don't use urns to store acid.....

In every job that must be done there is an element of fun.
Mary Poppins
Scam alert via : Scammers call, posing as reps of the Do Not Call Registry.
The registry doesn't solicit people to sign up.
Not really....I work there.
ay man i got a line called HighStandard..would it be cool if i came down to show you my lookbook?
Extra cleavage helps your cross hang straight.
Bwahaahas
Headed to Playa Del Rey to try take 2 of.
July 4th.
I need a real beach day!
Come on sun!
Today was nice.
Exercise on the high ropes course at Rafting in the Smokies in Hartford, TN  tennis on the new courts in
Happy Founders Day to my lovely Sorors of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.
I love you.
All I'm saying is two women covered my balls with goo, fondled them, and took pictures for 35 minutes...
who cares if it was an ultrasound?
That's lame!
Where are you doctorving from?
I believe in Tebow Magic!!
oh hahah thanks dude
30 minutes till curtain.
Had 98 people at the matinee.
Great audience and great tech.
I LOVE LUKE KORNS AND AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE 3
The song we r mixing is an original called Like a River  a love song I wrote in LA a few years ago.
These guys are making it come alive!
well, there's no denying his douchebaggery, but he is running for president and a billionaire.
Loser not so much
When you do the ML parlays, why not add a third team at 600 or so to get plus money?
I understand upsets happen but...
Whoo hoo!!
Got my license!
finally :
and the painful irony is, could have given a real boost to web reviewing by linking to actual web journals.
did you know is in love with you ?
It's almost time to head over to for First Tuesdays with wine, networking  prizes.
See you there!
We spend our time searching for security and hate it when we get it.
John Steinbeck b.
2day 1902
eat.
sleep.
swim storyofmylife nighty'all
Cut school for the funeral which was incredibly sad ugh saying your final goodbyes is terrible RIPBobby /3
Knowledge and/or experience in the game/platform being hired for  Preferred
Haha you're gonna die...
when you see it, not cause you're old
we'll be watching your tweets from the conference!
Exciting stuff!
Nothing screams I'm out of the closet!
more than smiling with your mouth wide open in your fbook photo.
I swear that's not a blowjob joke
A laugh is worth a hundoctord groans in any market  George M.
Cohan quote rocktheretweet RT
Thanks for the holiday treats in our Puget Sound Plaza lobby!
Couple hrs work, then Siesta Key Beach.
People keep staring at me lol
If your dad is Frank Serpe, he's one of the last true standup guys around.
What a great dad.
You should be proud.
There's my.
Lady mad monster shout out to you sweeti.
How have you been
I say 31.
Wanna bet on it?
Travel, think in terms of ing experiences.
Ballooning, paddleboarding, cycling...
following : thanks !
Tiredness is sweeping over me...
Bed time soon P
Good Luck!!
thanks for the
those days are not the business!!!
You should get in a gym session, it will help out immensely :
About to go to doctorma practice!
It's cool playing another character other then your own :D
thank you chauni :
haha apparently!
how are things at razorfish this afternoon?
haha well its ok, a little bit of insanity never hurt anyone :
MetroTV is fascinating.
Today we learned that ancient Egyptians took oaths on onions.
No one would lie on such beautiful concentric rings.
real estate and recruiting, it's all about location
You know, no one has really said anything lately but have you noticed how the PittBombThreats just..
stopped.
So much love today :
Yes.
And someone needs to maintain redirection history too

Love the story about the 33 year old cat.
You did good.
I was LOL as well.
That last part.
Our love goes out to the families in Ft Hood
Anyone watch the college dunk contest on ESPN last night?
The 5'9'' dude had springs in his legs.
52'' one step vertical!
leave me alone.
haven't you done enough?
bring a fancy hat and an umbrella!!
haha I have a lot of parsley at home and was looking for shortcuts.
Thanks for the heads up!
good luck!
what 9091 really means is that comm participation follows some kind of power law or truncated power law
spring break
Harrington is a beast we need him Sunday hopefully the mask is comfortable
Great way to start off the morning.
Joel has already had about 4 tantrums.
it's all good man.
Was really a great show.
My bottom is so big it's got its own gravitational field
Well that was a fun trip down high school memory lane haha...
Off to Newport!!!
:
Aaron is giving us all WAY too much credit ; way over my head at least...
good morning..
Where can I send you some tracks for your upcoming project?
You know your mom is gonna take forever at the store, when she needs a cart.

It's a keeper league ...
you don't have to do anything.
....so that still means I won though?
Right?
questionsihatebeingasked why are your thighs so big?
thanks for the shout out!
haha bro, but how did you get all these people to tweet you haha?
RT :sschat And read kids books to look for hidden messages on gender  Paper Bag Princess is great for this!
William's Doll
Don't change for anyone.
They should love you for who you are, or you don't need them in your life.
Playing some intense characters...Hedda and Lady M?
Lord save my sanity.
Thanks Kate!
He will be OK, but it isn't fun, especially at 3:30 am in the morning.
Haha!
Yeah, that doctorveby visit.
How about Lot No.
3?
What time works for you?
you visit Chicago a lot!
What are you doing on this trip?
For the first time EVER i will not be the token Jew  the company holiday party.
If You're Feeling Sinister  Belle  Sebastian
i know what you mean bleh
Yeah, Cause You Know Exactly Everything I've Heard, Lmao.
You Mad Cause Suck?
It was great talking with you today!
That's the loudest it will go?
Yeah, I think I blew my speakers out...
turns up media control volume OH MY GOD.
I will pass along your concern to the author of the piece, who helps cover cops.
what about a rapping poem?
Cause I can do both lol
Your heart isn't plastic it isn't a toy but if u want it broken give it to a boy.
work work work!
:
Interval running, interview, sewing, and late night photo shoot.
There are not enough hours in the day!
But when we choose to use free products like Facebook, etc., we have no choice but to accept the change.
Or stop using it
I have to say that I'm totally digging this stretch of Pacific NWesque rainy, cool, and damp weather that has settled in on Charlottesville
Get your gold, jewelry, coins or small antiques appraisedcome by the Lake Houston Area Home and Garden Show 2/192/20 www.lhaevents.com
right there with ya!
I work in a confusion vortex.
No usable product could ever escape its grasp.
Don't most boats have a swim platform these days?
And yes, Hollywood is clearly running low on original story ideas.
When I see a person with long legs, I want to hop on their back and tell them to take me to doyle.
Just passed Total Integrity Fashions in Trenton NJ.
Looking strongly like we'll have us a Wichita show in May...more to come...
what an exhausting day!
whew!
All these funny ass people dancin
My cab doctorver uses  very cool!
Oh Budget meetings...Don't we all love budget meetings?
Today is a strategic planning and midyear budgeting kind of day for YA.
You as well
same, we just bought it bc we love them, but last night my stomach did not go well with them : usually im fine
AhA!
NOW it all makes sense!
can my coowner get on?
We are all Boilers tonight
I never even had a chance I was losing from the start..
i'm going to fail a lab because the computers in this school won't log anyone on.
I dont care if Trayvon was white and Zimmerman was black.
The man has to get time
Don't know if I call paying hitman to hurt people  then refusing to stop when told to  then lying about it a mistake.
RT When it comes to good health and weight loss, exercise and diet are interrelated
Sexism is gross.
Music is the melody of life 3
jeezy's tm103 album is forever tattooed in my brain lol hope you being good ;
Glad you like it!
RT Friends , love the holiday card!
SeasonsGreetings  HappyNewYear to you all as well!
xoxo
Another hot day in Sacramento.
Off to the foothills tomorrow for mother day
Hi Bill, we are starting to get the hang of social media and CopsAlive.com is building some momentum.
Thanks for following!
dsdflfkj RT : Same smell too : RT : Spanish Bitches Might Be More Loyal Then German Shepards !!!!
this city IS restless.
Thanks for the shoutout!
I am now addicted to switched at birth!
Thank you !
;
Lmao you're so mean :p
I'm obsessed with Austin Mahone, Alex Constancio,  P.
Sanders.
Oh  you can't forget nutella :
FashionStar!
Love it already!
:D
Opening day for and Girard St.
Garden are both on March 31st?!
So much gardening!
What more could we ask for in 1 weekend?!
of course : I look out for students  current and past.
RT : Thanks doctorV!
Love how you always look out for me:D
RIP John Mackey the greatest TE in the history of the NFL
Go to The Cats Meow so we can see you on the Webcam singing Karaoke!
RT If you don't love the poor, you don't have the relationship with God you think you have Tim Keller
it's the only way!
but making new models is hard and being in opposition is so easy!
No, I don't think so.
See the third paragraph.
game on!!!!
Tetsunya was the real deal???
Have the cookbook but have never been
Come to Kansas City's Sprint Center, you got barbz here too!!!!
For those not in SD, it looks like we've lined up an online retailer for 619!
Stay tuned for more news later in the week!
Lucas wins NHRA Top Fuel race
are you in public?
The Mega Millions is up to 476 Million now, Tell us about the doctoram home you would buy if you won that much money
Lol..those moons are so funny.
implants for sure?
He felt about books as doctors feel about medicines, or managers about plays  cynical, but hopeful.
no a vos??
Got locked out of fb someone else talkin crap on my page...
Wtf????
.....with names changed to protect the innocent....and the author!
Can't wait!
:Sweet Belgians, Jammin' Crepes and juice and coffee!
So much deliciousness on Saturday morning!
how do I unlock
Trust your week back to school  work went well.
Please remember to complete ECET 2survey.
up this early on your vacation?
!
well nite goin to the stack
MIKEY!!!
I LOVE U!
Cant wait to meet you in April!
Follow me!:
Fat bitches on Twitter calling themselves Barbies, bitch you ain't no damn Barbie you a care bear
If I got hit on by a Bill Clinton lookalike I would wear that as a badge of honor....
wait, what?
Sometimes its too hard to hate everyone all at once, so I hate people in shifts.
I am now standing in back of the truck.
Sometimes it's nice to be 5'8
October 20, 1996  TheWho performing QUAdoctorPHENIA in its entirety at the San Jose Arena in San Jose, California.
Everyone remembers Kelly Pitts from Sweet Valley...No one remembers Swans Crossings.
Did u watch it?
It was her first show.
That pomegranate stamp you used to have would make a great icon for your twitter account!
Wishing I was in Duluth for Homegrown!
what the heck is going on?
XD stop fighting with yourself!
We bought it with a gift card we got from Thanks, little bro!
I told you we'd turn it into something awesome.
friggin sweet!!!
:D
About to come up on and apartment!
I have my outfit for the last dance!!!!!!!!
Oh, my assistant dean says I should type DeanFail.
As the undergraduates say in their texts: Whatevr.
Gross modern.
cool as the other side of the pillow
I'm wearing a new lightcolored Anthropologie blouse today which means a daylong challenge to not spill anything on myself.
Insecurity will destroy you.
told me to stick with playing guitar and i will till the day i die
TO DO DA DISHES!
TO CLEAN UP MY ROOM!
TO DO DA LAUNdoctor!
AND IN DA BAFROOM  sorry, what were you saying ?
GM world.....
Almost home D
Thank you!
The Beibs is the perfect xmas gift!
lol you suck .
ugh .
i HAD to go these last two days .
smh .
BLM is tailored for women but also a premiere choice for the men who love  suport them.
RT
When a girl got a good personality 
Boredom kills!
xD
and yes!
You can move in but we might have to charge you rent or make you bake for it!
Spotify radio based on The National  About Today is probably the best decision I could make all day.
Duke was banned from for disrespecting a Tar Heel's authority.
CHECK MY music out on www.youtube.com SEARCH young mantra
The best advice is not that which tells you what to do rather the one that makes you realize you already had the solution for your problem.
hey what's up??I like your twit icon pretty nice
Class of 2016 lol I also had to repeat 1st grade because my mom kept moving us around alot
When I go to watch Dylan's blog and my computer decides to take forever to load
That awesome moment when you find out you actually don't work today....:D
Coming from a small German Cherokee tribe, he knew his great ability to imitate all American accents would once be recognized
We want to know what was your first car?and do you wish you still had it?
Yes andoctorid tablets not up 2 par RT mlamobiletech more andoctorid phones but apple has the tablet market still
And none for Gretchen wieners bye
Lovin the new job!
Friday and Saturday should be super busy downtown two day sale with wicked killer deals 91!!
deleting all my old text from him just to be sure i don't still have his number in my phone !
ya this is all another language
The French Gimlet is a classic!
Ours depends on the time  occasion, but The StGermain Cocktail is near perfect!
ThingsThatGetYouFriendZoned ypu never let her use the good controller
Chat!
Or I can just DM you if that's easier!
I have some pretty hilarious inside jokes with myself.
Versailles Cuban Food
Just gotta nice discount on a rehearsal space for tomorrow!
And CJ has now found the zone and is on cruise control.
Crowd and Rangers are flat.
Need a jolt!
Rehearsal home run today!
You were cute.
Until I go to know you.
dont do what?
Although I'm not sure roots are all they're cracked up to be.
distracted.
4 clients RTBagel across Pershing this AM, manually working our automated supply chain
the night ended perfectly with patrick, i love his sweet kisses on my forehead, cheeks, and just everywhere 
Got a kooky st paddys day outfit?
Come on by and we will gladly add ten bucks to your tab!
Tonite ended off HORRIBLE
RT : Whenever I sleep, I have to use one of those sleeping masks x :o lol why
chillin before we head to for the video game art gallery.
brace yoself foo
Nope Haha!
But Ive Heard Of It
LMFAO i did shes like  you need to stop calling okay?
and hung up
I love comming home but I sure missed my church today.
don't get me wrong I got a word but I need that Tony Scott word
Any cleaningtip you give, we trust!
Thks for always doing such a thorough jobLooking forward to the bedmaking event!
SYSCO foods came in.
Lots happening.
We have expanded to four levels or Waves of payout.
Will touch base this week
SometimesIGetSickOf Not Knowing The Truth
new IMDB credit.check.
new marketing materials.check.
new pics online.check.
new fire under my ass.check.
hey Alex can u plz give me the link 2 official fb if u have 1??
Thxxx I love u 333
Almost off to San Francisco, just waiting on the Ferry...with my Starbucks, I thrive on moments like these.
Missed home so much.
We have wisconsin, michigan state, nebraska, and michigan, not too mention penn state!
that could be 5 more losses if we dont do SOMETHING!
that is how this entire series has gone  if anyone can even get to 90.
85 was enough in gm 2.
I'm going out on a limb early and picking Arizona to meet up in the superbowl again this year.
I pick them last year and no one was listenin
et calves look nice
you should do some PR on my groups/ CASTING DIRECTORS FOR ACTORS  JEREMY GORDON CASTING .......
is he a Buddha ?
Sony Social responded quickly.
Problem, They're not empowered to resolve the problem.
Bad Process!
BestBuy Has doctorp the ball 2
psst...
intro to horseback riding for actors for April is now looking for participants!
DM me w/ your email!
It's a good morning tweets x
I no u got my txt
You didn't butt in on anything.
Really.
There wasn't anything more too it.
I just made a dumb joke.
These all continued with one accord in prayer and supplication.Acts 1:14
TenFactsAboutMe 5 I don't think I could live without my phone..
Let me rephrase that, I couldn't live without my phone!
I promise to be da best god parent..be there for my god child as if he/she was my own :
you are welcome
1 Florida State 7, Clemson 9 Final.
What a game...
With that, Clemson wins their first series against a 1 ranked team since '94.
Did you know?
is the youngest of her siblings?
haha, yeah!
It sometimes pops up mouseover tooltips for random dashboard widgets.
Very unsatisfying :
I love dancing and singing 
Free from wheerreeee?
nahh not acne just normal spots just seem to get some all at the same time : haha
I'm pretty sure usage of Aperture Science products is not allowed in Apple Stores.
Similarities to the photo app I guess.
Watching The Thrill of it All
got to force myself to sleep...insanity at 5am
: Maybe you're running an older iOS?
What do you need for your next headshot?
Shouts to
one Irish boozehound?
Another beautiful Sunday in SouthFlorida  I got 99 problems but the weather ain't one.
Oh boy!
A new session just started at WISDOM2012 touting a successful SAP implementation...
Now I'll hear the other side of the story.
prices vary a lot!
I have not gotten out of bed once.
My mother brought me a cup of green tea and I've been staring at the ceiling just thinking, feels good
I get that for sure!!
If you come to OR I recommend the SOB or McKensie Riverboth very scenic and well organized.
I've really been in the mood to get something pierced lately.
Oh hey emily.:
Im so cool
Sitting next to cody at dinner ;
Waiting for some results takes time!!!
Tick tock tick tock tick tock!!
o my god..
i just walked past the table and out of no where a7x starts to play!
I am magical!!
Here we come Australia!
We are excited to be joining RxWorks for the AVA Annual Conference in Adelaide, South Australia.
Regardless, I hope they all have a great time.
It goes by in a blink guys!
Really Klout?
I'm influential on World of Warcraft?
I just had to use the Google to figure out what that even is!
owww u got the deep throat lmao
looks like you get to pick
It's where Sally and I used to get our mail delivered : A grt sushi place!!
: yea man for sure, tell shaune i said tighten up lol Shaune said u a redskin fan.
He'll leave it  that lmao
Yes but Kevin keeps an extensive personal journal : RT : LOve the fact that your products are diary free
Tonight we feel the voice of woman!tonight we cry with her family!tonight is the night Whitney Houston passes her voice on as a legend!
Awesome!
RT : I officially registered for in La Cross!
Let's roll!
my hubby makes a mean green smoothie that's fast and healthy: spinach,2 cups mixedberries,1 apple, 1bananna and ice
a happy life can't be without darkness,happy would lose meaning if not balanced by sadness,better to have patience and equanimity
REO Speedwagon announced in the Rib America Festival lineup Labor Day weekend  who's pumped for some BBQ !!
i need to stop giving in because this shit always happens, no matter what
For those of you coming down to the LIW event, parking is in the lot on the west side of the field, and enter thru the admin entrance!
: I still think Morris Claiborne will the the Vikings' pick at No.
4.
And THAT is why I said u sound silly!
You're quite welcome, professorssor
Oh!
Just heard is sitting in tonight with at !!
awesome coulditgetanybetter?
I hear you....on this end dealing with a little bit of heat because it is warm here.....for once S How have classes been?
thank you!
Great company!
omg, I LOVED Alex Mack!
;
No, I can't take Sarah Palin as Today correspondent seriously.
Stop, Todayshow.
This is jumping the shark.
im coming home now lol
Headed to playlist live :D
HAPPY BIRTHDAY mister CRISS!!!
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Normally all the kids would be in class on a Friday morning, but it's Spring break for a lot of schools.
Do you think Moms are more overwhelmed today than ever before?
What do you suppose chances are I'll birth my first child on a February 29?
Haha yeah we were on since midnight yesterday to get Happy Birthday :P
only 1100.
Way to go Sterlo.
Way.
To.
Go.
i just did that and my mom is dead ass trying to kick me out .
I hate more and more everyday....
she broke my heart 
im hyped i get to watch it when it first airs tomorrow.
lol.
its great
Hands down...
Cafe Press, its the only place i will order french onion soup in the WORLD!
Yeah sure that's fine I was going to say that we go to but I just remember that it closes at 7 anyways C U then :
Can you get one from the State Dept?
No.
I left Quinshire at the end of last year.
The group could not attract new members.
yes, my mouth is back to its usual happy self.
; I've had a super busy day, and I keep having a nagging feeling that I forgot...
Baluchistan doesn't have n occupation problem but a foreign infiltration that is resulting in violence.
lol i went to sleep at like 12 and woke up at 6 been on twitter and listening 2 music ever since i woke up ; oh and im eating
RT?
Follow me  Help get us followers?
:
unless district won;t let you teach others about Twitter
Help wanted: Telepath.
You know where to apply.
I know every word to 11:11 :
Haha no that's Kurt :P He gay's everything up I would know I'm his fan lol
Can i ask you a question?
AskConstancio LOL i just asked...
fail
Hi Stacy, Thanks for the heads up on my account being hacked.
i hope we've corrected it.
Thanks you
I'll have the Neptune salad.
he got lucky
Howdy!
We tried responding to your direct message, however I'm unable to since you're not following us.
:
Have you ever fallen for someone you met online only to find out that they weren't who you thought they were?
We want to hear your story!!
i practicing my magic tricks im gettin really good want to learn to be a magician go to ellusionist.com theyve got amazing tricks folow me
your my 400 th follower D
To sign up for the MS Partner Action Pack I was forced to take and pass one of the worst online courses ever.
MS should follow
Rebel's own Nate Cooper will be on Channel 4's Morning Blend at 9am talking about Running Rebels  all the amazing programs we have.
Now Following !
: D
scored an amazing bcbg doctorss at this weekend.
now i just need a reason to wear it!
ha, no.
He apparently lost feelings for me.
i love you k.
New life motto:
One of the deep secrets of life is that all that is really worth doing is what we do for others.
Lewis Carol
That..edge of the seat..
feeling I get when I see my phone light upp....
Hoping it's you.
Is Kid Rock dead?
Is that why he's trending?
Please, oh please.
just now seeing this.
makes me miss your bed.
and I guess you, too.
;
Picture Day
Bored At Work
Hawaii FiveO won it's time slot again last night.
The ratings look consistent so hopefully this means a Season 2!
Just had the most lovely nightcap of NyQuil and EmergenC with We're a mess.
We want to cater your holiday Event go to www.gemcuisine.com today and receive 60.00 in credit towards your event!!
you'll be my best friend please
childhood obesity is no joke; funny that store had no bikes for ages 38 only motorized and pull along cars, wagons trucks
We will never forget.
hi Bre I voted for Nicole Michelle but by the way can you please follow me babe i get all your tweets now.thanks Bobby Howardxoxo
U.N.T.
Dallas .The best college in the state of Texas.
Go Cowboys.Rangers.
Stars.
Mavericks
Haha times like this makes me wish I was a fluent spanish speaker..
:/
my poor bb :
so this is what falling head over heels for a guy feels like.
i can't stop smiling.
Always borrow money from a pessimist.
He won't expect it back.
because who doesn't like to hear sweet stuff that makes you feel all googly and cute.
umm hello
Great question: What can museums in Google Art learn from libraries in Google Books?
Idea!
Let Alex Smith choose the winner!
Guy pulled a double Tebow in the biggest game of his life last weekend!
hardworkpaysoff!
Nah, I want German style.
It;s not shite over there, or in Sweden, etc.
;
I sure hope you're also excited to talk to the NONdelegate voters...
Great day of racing from all over the country!!
People really think I don't know where Columbia Heights is.
Neat.
thanks for your hard work!
Loving Styled by June Ambrose...
Think I'll start DVRing it.
Cover all bases?
Send both the long link and shortened.
If the long link breaks to multiple lines, the short can be used.
Each gummy landmark is made with the best ingredients.
Our recipe and vigilant craftsmanship is packed with flavor and is sure to please.
yes u can....u just log back on within a month or your account will be deleted forever lol
You know you have someone scared when they throw out twitter shots at you without thinking.
Nothing like competition.
Honored to hear God is using it in your life.
Thank you for sharing part of your SunStandStill story with us.
staff
Good Morning
we are the oldest people here...all ages  high school get together
Best rushing slayers:
you do realize mister Smith doesn't play for them ?
idiotfan: And thats why you're gonna get your ....
I now understand your tweets about the bus doctorvers.
This is terrifying!
Kidnapped Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit's family will talk about the struggle for freedom tonight 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
THANK YOU to EVERYONE WHO LOVES AND SUPPORT THE BRAINSTORM MOVEMENT AND R'CHIVE!!
Last month we had over 206 DOWNLOADS of FREE RINGTONES!!!
Online ordering is live  www.mumbaibistro.com
I Liked the crazy Charlie better.
Adios brother.
Many simple things add up; participate in local govt for the future
if you're sick, please stay home..ugh
i had goosebumps when i woke up this morning, it def is game day!!!
GO CATS!!!!
How about a big hand for everyone!
Thanks for keeping us informed from the inside, it meant a lot to those tuning in!
Scott Simon will now receive a flurry of tweets with names of other oddly monikered 'sconnie towns.
Waunakee, anyone?
Okay so I have the same professorssor for two of my photography class.
What luck.
Ugh
we gotta sit down soon g
rub the furry walls  aldous snow, get him to the greek
Had the best time with my wife and son at the beach.
This was just what a dude needed before going back to work...
: Looking for a method to download doctorpal core and top 100 modules to a USB stick on my command...
doctorsh with a bash script?
RT Back to ya, today from Midtown Manhattan  Long distance cheers 2u!
Morning everyone!
Had a rough night last night but it's nice and sunny yawn today :
Workplace safety tip: Rest the muscles of your eyes by focusing on a distant object occasionally
I've got skittles in my mouth, wanna taste the rainbow?
made valid points about entitlements for women on like FMLA.
Funny, they aren't entitlements once you use or need them
MySpace  Tumblr  Facebook  Twitter  Try my new favorite
that is cheesy like their theme song by Scott Stapp
Next week's schedule starting to look pretty slim.
I got 2 classes finishing on Tuesday.
oops really rocks!
me  are coming to see you on Oct.
30.
what would you like us to bring you?
Indeed, it did!
So check it out...2012 is MY year!
Likewise, Happy Passover.
Urban Betty will be donating 100 of the professorts on Sun, Oct 2nd from 126pm for the Wildfire Relief Effort.
Book your appointment today!
Wonder when will notice me???
anna
Good point.
I've heard that it might fall then still.
oh.
i get it.
i'm not smart.
you knew that already.
bluebird cafe?
I almost performed at their tent on the Country Throwdown tour in Illinois!
I always wondered what it would be like to live in a sauna.
Thanks much for the FF mention, I see you one FF and I raise you one have a good weekend.
Spending the day in New Jersey meeting with potential clients on projects.
A great week of discovery and design sessions with clients.
Want to check out the contest venue?
Join me tomorrow 9 am for MD Advanced TM at VA hospital.
I'm out this BITCH
uh no but thanks.
It's true when they say the nice guy finishes last but the winner always fucks up  that's when I will be patiently waiting with a grin 
Helium is dah best
S/O to for being the worst texter in the world
I love Floyd Mayweather.
I find his ability to back up his overconfident trash talk very appealing.
Summer2012 im ready for ya :
3 RT you brighten everyone's life that you meet, and don't let anyone tell you any different!
I kinda wonder why you are so Distant...
I didn't do anything wrong did I?
Maybe it's the fact that it matters to Me at all...
Von Trapp family?
Only a few appointments left for the spa week specials!!!
Book your appointments soon!
Now through Oct.
29!!!
UP NORTH IS IN!WERE ADVANCING TO COMPETE FOR THE THE HOG HOUSE BAND SPOT!!!THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR VOTING!!!!!!!
What if 10 of the workforce could work from home.
What would be the impact on the environment and the price of oil?
Congrats to the best player in the NBA as of now, !!
On my way to Baltimore in the snow for some singing :
Every man is gulity of the good he didn't do.
Voltaire
Damn you Trebek!
Catch the models of at club aurora with alley boy performing live on february 24th
Anyone have big plans for tomorrow?
Singing a late mass today, then straight downtown for the last concert of the weekend.
Then straight to loadin for doctorwsy!
put a map of florida on there!
At the EAMaddenNFL13 QB Generation NEXT event.
All these pics of QB's making me twitch!
Hm dominicans or puerto ricans???
Hm new tattoo in the the short future?
No problem!
Hopefully, you'll get something through Indy again soon!
seriously, I've never toiled over so few words!
yeah I'm using it for work and play...
It will be used every day
Tennis Forum: What kind of tennis racket to choose?
Miscellaneos ...
Start checking into USwirl to get all of the perks of being mayor, including FREE yogurt on Mondays for Mayor Monday!
OH: He doesn't like Wookies on Old MacDonald's Farm, but Ewoks are ok.
New running shoes are the best!
Which ones did you go with?
I like the theory that there are both depending on level of infection or level of decay.
Both are scary in their own right.
thanx again bro
Well, that is the dominate spelling.
I hope they won't loose points because of mistake's like that.
what video editing software did/do you use for your video interviews?
Sorry, been off Twitter for a couple of days.
Are you doing one of the master classes at this summer's conference?
Bosson: Why should we approve a map that has political bias?
Who the fuck wrote all this weird shit on me
Fill in the blank: My main goal this weeked is to .
And hold me tight, don't let me breathe.
Feeling like you won't believe.
Looking for estimate on your remodel project, new custom home, commercial property, or a handyman project....give us a call.
3792763
Haha, but no find someone to go with because when its over you're gonna need someone to talk about how awesome it was ;
They know their jobs are secure because LA and Franzke are too coarse for TV.
Do you know ?
sounds like: gimmick.
Actually IS: poetry of the highest caliber.
For free.
We recommend you subscribe posthaste
Look for someone who is not only proud to have you.
But will also risk anything just to keep you.
Someone please help me!
I need help with getting my friend to not kill herself!!
Shes been getting bullied n wants to kill herself!: help!!
This girl over here say Nicki is way better than Beyonce..
If Nicki is better than Beyonce then Kesha sings better than Gaga.
Delusional.
You and Morrissey definitely had something to do with it.
In the woods listining to the birds and the crickets watching the foxes n deer play
haha!!
I love their faces when they get caught!
Thank you!
Hope you enjoyed it.
impressive move.
Very nice
we will most certainly try.
Thanks!
i feel like shit when it comes to thinking
PLEASE JOIN US TODAY for our 1 year anniversary!
FREE GRAB BAG worth over 25 with 30 donation!
Full Updated Menu www.WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy :
I need you to call me today please it is important
want doctorid Bionic
Prayed for the conference this AM
I think we can survive tonight.
But another 2 games I can't guarantee.
No matter how hard you try honey it's just never gonna happen
love you too :
Im jason nice 2 meet u
It's sad that my break from my political science paper is to write a lesson plan.
Gross.
sometimes I really hate school

Frame that one and save it for a rainy day.
haha
...
biking to the ballet?
Why not?
I'm going to memphis.
Yes, I finnaly get to go to Beale street again
They just do what's cool.
how bout these dogs fukkin jack.....
hmph
I believe the couch has ingulfed her!
i would love to see pics
Yep, nice to know your efforts are appreciated!
count me in for 4.
Will pay you at the stadium when we get there.
Sound good?
Biting into his gum he just got from mom my brother says m it's almost like food hahaha
Happy birthday to t's lil sis
just did thanks!!!!
that sucks :///
after everything you posted, I just have to say: you are real!
Not many like you that call it out like that!
Tweeties: please know that twitter is sending promoted tweets on my acct I do NOT endorse Scott Walker
Using pink in a web design for the very first time.
Black, grey  pink.
I NEVER use pink.
Ever.
I'm strangely satisfied though...
RT : You will find as you grow older that courage is the rarest of all qualities to be found in public life  Benjamin Disraeli
Seriously, if ppl really care about the environment social equality,how come it's impossible to get anywhere without car in some US cities?
Tonight's original musical from Suggestical!: A Night at Applebees!
Woah, thats hella far!
Ehh, i'll tell them to keep an eye out for you.
They are 2 muralists ptg down there.
I will only get better
Share away  great stuff!
Such a longish day too 
: Big happy bday to the master of the puerto rican strap match, itsthebest Don't forget ladder match specialist
Such a fun weekend with !
So bittersweet to bid farewell to , but I can't wait to see him on iCarly!!!
Congrats on their Awards noms!
Best Group Video, Keep Me In Mind  Best Collaboration w/ , Knee Deep
Is it Friday yet?
Meh
Do your lunch plans include a senior today?
Eating alone has a negative impact on seniors' health.
couldve only been better with an ISA and a S1NISTOR
Hopefully Danny Granger won't mind signing our photog 's overtime sheet today.
: If you got the extra tag SAVE IT

yeah...it was mediocre at best.
I Love more than YOU xaxaxa
Any one appossed to me and Cj goin to prom say I.
??
thats hot!
I can only imagine
There are doers and there are complainers about how the doers are doing it.
are your gluten free packs also dairy free?
I'm gluten and dairy free
should be the beginning of cool stuff to come.
Wouldn't it be great if we could vote tomorrow, avoid the next 9 months of campaigning  get on with it?
I'm ready to cast my ballot!
fabulousfriday follow onetime for love let's get it!!!!!!!!
Angels love you girls extra work we have to put in this year old ...
I dont think jason richardson has played this good since bein at mich state
Today is the 1st day of Spring 2012.
What will you do different today?
Follow me Tysoon x
Here's a few quick comments on how I feel about some NFL doctorft players, coming up:
: Nigga shot at me and missed , know da lord blessed him !
Now I'll actually have time for a job!
Yuh!
Tweet of the Day: Don't worry about the world ending today.
It's already tomorrow in Australia!
I don't know, but it's provocative.
hi there.
Im good.
Just on FB and seein whats up
Is this your first season watching baseball?
The brothers and I will be assembling this evening for
I have a serious question for all my twitter followers...
New York Giants, or 'NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS:'?
Aliyah is and will always be inmyeyes idol inspiration truebeauty she left me w a hole in ma heart
This is ugly, man
my little brother came down stairs, seen Hollie Cavanagh on idol.
said she was 'real sexy'.
lol, made my night.
haha..
That's fantastic!
Sorry to hear that.
I'm tied up, but I'll email you ASAP!
bubba watson good game man you deserve it your awesome!
YES!
I'm so happy you liked it.
i missed out on a teamawkward convo?!?!?!?!
not surprised.
i suck.
howdy yall
Disneyland will forever be our magical spot because that's where my doctoram came true..
You.
HAHA.
So deep.
Ironic how I'm going today!
new hashtag idea.
Its called the jesstweet.
This is when you hate people or complain in general
cheney gets a heart is more newsworthy to me than cheney gets a heart transplant.
amazing america survived his heartless reign.
i say we get the breaking news out of the way before the morning meetings.
;
RT : RT : Thanks for those hugs Aoede!!
: You got it Herb!!
It was a lovely anniversary wknd w fam  friends in JennerU?
Thanks!
Is NLM in the same space as TEI or are they orthogonal?
I'm new to the subject.
TodayImWearing my heart on my sleeve, just like Our Hero.
just shake ya rump
I'd like to meet the man who invented sex and see what he's working on now.
Author Unknown
I know!
Awesome and just a little bit scary.
You should totally do it!
:
He's not worth it if he constantly leaves you sad
I shouldnt have smoked....i have to work at 4 imma be so tired
Yum that sounds amazing!
Hummus is definitely my new food addiction
Woman says wait for the Christmas lights  Owen Sound Sun Times Woman says wait for the Christmas lights Owen Sound Sun Times An Owen Sou
Lathum why are you wearing a batman mask..
Who ever say she a nine and she mine I'm a take her to a newer level..
Destiny can eat shit and die.
How did I live before I met ?!
Despite the fact he doesn't live in MIlwaukee he's for sure day 24's WONDERFUL
Building the set of Top Dog Underdog will be a hassle this weekend 
: SomeoneIWantToMeet   Good Morning Ben!
Sounds fun.
lol
I know I miss you too!
: Are you staying now?!
Watching chronicle
Cheap food is an illusion
and she doesnt have one at all
wats good bro' how u been man!
Congratulations Leah and on your new arrival!
Continued blessings!
He's reemerged in mass media?
Oatlands Plantation BBQ and music event Sunday 13.
The trees should be colorful by then.
Official photos of the event forthcoming
Good answer!
...Dalmatian.
ER.
SO GORGEOUS!!!
I LOVE THEIR HIGH NOTES!
AND AND AND...WHY DID THE NURSE HAVE HER LIPS ON MY OPPA?
Did she murder them?
haha, that sushi was so good.
cosmetics is not a gazillion dollar industry for nothing.
sorry, reality sucks, huh?
There is a zone of nonbeing, an extraordinarily sterile  arid region, an utterly naked declivity where an authentic upheaval can be born
Hey I love the new opening montage of fight footage.
Laying in bed ,talking to my husband .
Never seen the mall so busy on a Tuesday afternoon :D
yea yea wat u said lls
T2: I read a report somewhere with an HIE admin who said he's seeing some ACOs reluctant to share the data they work hard to obtain
i copy edit so many of my text messages.
No idea what a Hispanic themes routine means but Skins cheerleaders will be doing one next game.
Thank you!
RT  Best wishes on your work to stop vaccine preventable diseases.
you scared the crap out of me when I saw you followed me.
Thanks for giving me a heart attack!
xD
8 more days of school!
: Can't wait for this summer!
why would you not just get a laptop?
;
's dad knows 2 of the Hanson kids...
actually their adults now w/ multiple kids...
but their still hip!
Come join us at the Sutton Center Parlor at 10:30 LTNY  what's doctorving and influencing matter costs and legal spend...
an iPad doctorwing
My Hair Was So Frizzy :
Learning is education given to kids by force...
according to one of my students...
wow!
oh sorry to hear.
Hope Kev likes it.
Yeah, not exactly a master of the long game.
Not sure it was about Tal Law; replacement law seemed possible before all this.
OH NO!!!
RT : Royals put Yuniesky Betancourt on disabled list.
Great info graphic!
Do you have betaaccess to their graphic lab or did you make that yourself?
My throat hurts /:
Busch Gardens tomorrow ;D
Preezy of the United Steezy: When your name is Barack Obama its always tight May 16, 2012
Overheard on the Hill: forget the birther issue, I want to know what happened to Seamus!
Thx for your follow, too!
I look forward to reading more of your articles; collections are great story material!
I didn't even say good morning twitter
Im proud to be a DETROIT rap artist
Looking for a DC photographer who might be interested in attending an event  eating/doctornking for free in exchange for a few photos?
Yes, on average that is so.
But for some people in our country, their school is awful, their income is much reduced.
Thank all y'all that came to last night show we killed it .........
Brohydemusic.
2012 Let's get Money!!!!
I am stalking the progress of my iphone, currently it's in Louisville, KY?!?!
Hurry, I need you tomorrow!!
Using for the library: creating boards to inspire possible Reference Area redesign.
got money for christmas thats all i ever get ;
College completion agenda will fall short if equity is not part of the picture.
haha i would if u was at the house
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
Then quit.
There's no use being a damn fool about it.
W.C.
Fields 
tomorrow also
You're in Niles?
I thought you were in Rogers Park?
Life is weird, isn't it?
Buckle up.
a midterm, lecture, a lab, and a problem set.
definitely looking foreward to all the physics I'm doing today
Haha thanks.
Glad to meet you.
I really just wanna inform misterRodgers and get the ok to do certain things.
Huge sweep for over Tri City whlfinal here we come!
Good morning to you.
Thank you,I pray you have a great day as well :
I seriously want a cheeseburger
whack LOL thats y it didn't last long
listen to
RT : Create a career for yourself...
Not a job LetsWorkyeszir pimp
Management is nothing more than motivating other people.
Le Iacocca
I'm loving 's new intro  LMFAO party rock!
RT ApeVazi: RT IntriguingFacts: IntriguingFacts For beer commercials, they add liquid detergent to the beer to make it foam more.
How much do I have to beg God to let you stay in my life?
Why be a plane man when you can be super?
Love that!
I live by YOGO  You Obey God Only
I just earned the Global Domination badge on Yelp!

i didnt do anythingg ..
hesatrip ; maybe he'll believe me this weekend.
correction.
I just replied.
lol
C'est un bien pour un mal
how about getting this on normal TV?
Not a fan of waiting until this afternoon...
Belated thanks for the RT!
Join for adchat tonight at 8pm EST.
Make sure to follow and use the adchat hashtag to join in!
I don't know!
After seeing their audition videos, I'm so confused too!!
Edcampme attendees don't forget to bring your own water bottle and coffee mug!
We're being green'
you help me write...
and clean.
My pleasure!
Thanks for being you, and being awesome!!
and I had a great time.
See you soon!!!
Merry Christmas!
It's lightly snowing here in Newport, RI.
Where are you?
You're welcome c: 3
I am working at 530 K...maybe a happyhour?
Tip of the day: the internet.
Good advice, lol
HAHAHA.
Oh the joys technology has brought us.
dude, you have a lot of bugs in your house.
I'm scared.
seeking a DP for a music video.
There is some pay.
Email me at
Ha!
Love it RT : One of us over here wore Rocket Dogs for about 4 years too long.
I'm extremely thrilled about the free car wash.
Thanks, rain!
I always enjoy life
If you've started using Pinterest, there are some things to be aware of:...
3 State Senators in WI being recalled will be scared when they see the numbers come in on Tuesday.
god damnit I wish I had realized that was an option.
Somehow I KNEW there was no way you could have done all this shit though
I love that place!
Great food!
kalalindsey.
We miss you Kala!!
I'm down to kick some butt
damn that's not bad..
6.
School.
Days.
Left!
What's YOUR motivation?
how we love the Pigeon in my house!
A new book is a treasure.
What a great fucking ending to a even fucking greater day.
ha, are you in 432?
Waking those up who sleeping on me.
Every year i get stronger and my fan base grow longer.
IZve been working
Discounts for Unemployed and Students.
Learn SEO for only 100 at www.SEOSeminarLosAngeles.com Oct 15th in Santa Monica
If I could go back to that day I met u I would walk the other way u destroyed my pride for like a year or so
You're great either way.
OH: this is like Cheesecake Factory good
Thanks for the follow!!
just started TELL THE WOLVES I'M HOME so can't say much, but it's looking good
morning ms Ga
Thxs.
How are you doing?
I would really love to speak to you some time soon.
Have a great Sunday
sluggish route running  the wide outs look a little dazed.
Yeah , !
I Heard It Someone Told Me .
Because When The Cops Came I Began Walking And The Cops Been doctorving Around A Lott
Kill me.
What's New?
I'm watching middle schoolers play flag rugby which really just looks like a lousy game of catch.
'I wanna fuh you like an animal!' Yeah, didn't work for me either.
He was a brilliant Journalist, who fought hard to defend our rights.He was also a kind, caring man.
He called my dying Mom.
braces fucking make my teeth hurt!
ohwhale ,
thanks for the shout!
Great to see you, too!
well you know that gets good ratings.
so it's hard to tell what it's really like.
no flooding yet?
The Taliban had banned TV in Afghanistan back in the day 20 years ago
soccer baseball sounds so cute.
If they had called it that when I was in school, maybe I'd been picked first stead of last!
Talking behind my back is like I always say talk to my ass
doctorving around.
Egging the town.
Always got my windows rolled down.
if you dont like one thing about someone every thing else they do starts to piss you tf off for no reason
Jack Flowers from the Boondocks?
I kind of blame Hot Topic in a way.
Are these vocals going to be on a CD released 'soon'?
Right?!!?
So jealous!!
She looks amazing  and that word doesn't even do it justice!
I know.
Tell me about it :
Seriously check out !!
They are so refreshing to hear!!!
They could be huge!!!
:D 3
She DISRESPECT'S my friends then I lost all my RESPECT for her i'm srry for sayin dat!!
Shades of Grey romanticizes sadism  brutality.
A horrible message!
Too many women at abuse shelters, killed by boyfriends and husbands.
Lol , me  your dad need to have a chat , Like everyone needs a phone now days !
I am biased, I know :
We would be honored to go!
We promise to behave :
Received a thank you note from a wedding I went to in July yesterday.
I bet it didnt take you 9 months to spend the gift card.
Our Andoctorid version is being submitted to the marketplace this weekend!
ModelUN WIN
awesome!
thanks for letting us know :
LMAO!
Bubble accessory!
I love it.
planning a bigger barcampabq for 2012  probably Feb.
Come down for that!
NBA Seems like the PG's in the skills event could be playing a bit harder..
They are playing for a kid it should be full effort..
What is the name of that video??
No never heard of it
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA it's LIFE you dumbass!!!!!!!!
Not light!!!
Just got back from Chicago...
Man,...
what a Breeze...!
RT : Chewing gum has been proven to improve a person's mood, while decreasing anxiety and stress.
Show de carnes.
: if u dont know by now beefing on twitter will get yo ass beat doctorged out the house stomped and put on world star lmao
LOL Thanks Vince
If you wish your merit to be known, acknowledge that of other people.Proverb
So stoked for Saturday, but I still gotta sell 2 tickets...
Heading to the Grand Piano Bistro for some YPC networking!
i would so love to be justin biebers costar in a music video..pfft i could totally pull off the pocahontas look
are you in So Cal all weekend?
I'll be in Los Angeles Friday night.
RT When you see Santa , Snowmen, wreaths, ...remember the true meaning of Christmas.....Tim Tebow !..
U mean !
Hugs You Are you okay EJ?!?
Be on the lookout for  her video cameraparticipate in our latest membership video by telling her why you joined TLA!
Hey I love you booboo .
Gonna get home just in time for the Celtics!
haha she doctorves me nuts!
Jamie Oliver: obesity responsible for 10 of all health bills in US.smoking accounts for 7.
I want a damn Twinkie tax!
Weather is Fabulous Today for a Rooftop Happy Hour at Eden Lounge.
Join Carl  I for the best Grown  Sexy happy hour.
Doors open at 5pm
Wellwritten!
My advise?
Don't wait 4 teachers.
Policy is no hittingvisual.
Girl abuseverbal.
Hard 4 them 2 recognize this.
working on making a small backlog of blog posts...
Hopefully I'll have a blog in a week or so....
hmm.
Love the birthday wishes from friends!
Special thanks to my BFF for her presents!
Having Tacos for supper.
I always get yelled at for putting to much meat on my taco.
.
Im your 100th follower!
June 14th.
I think it's a Thursday..
I realize everybody is watching Idol, but there's a very interesting program on NBC about brain injury in girls soccer.
had a great day watching my daughter perform on Main Street and went to my great uncle's 70th BDay party
The toilets are so nice that I just crapped on the floor next to the sink.
Don't forget coffee time tomorrow, Wed at 10am.
I'll be there, will you?
Getting some food!:
Almost 1000 words in this book review.
I'll probably end up at 2000 and have to cut 500700, but ...
half done!
God is in Control, He is always Sovereign!
Lord guide my Steps...
There have been so may great interviews with San Diego's art world leaders and leaders from AFTA and the business community.
Coming soon!
At Jett Foundation event at Alma Nove, so many inspirational women: Christine McSherry, Christie Coombs, Marianne Leone, Dot Aufiero.
I can't stand your video yesterday SOO CUTE!!:
Glittery Jewerly any type of jewerly
We are making a music video for a pretty big band on an island right now
absolutely.
newt can articulate issues of the day in a way the mainstream media does not want the american people to hear.
I wanna b like u when I grow up
am i ever concerned w/ any other type of pie?!?!
This is not a day for fish tacos my friend
Thanks for asking...
Our 11.12 season will be announced February 13th!
So stay tuned!
It's a raspberry cosmo kind of night
Congrats!
What a gorgeous cover.
Certainly does make me feel like dancing!
o.O really?
Me too.
Nice to meet Bryan today!
We appreciate your business and we'll be in soon for lunch!
Giants or Patriots?
: yes sir, party hard that's too bad I'm on strict regimen...
found 1 CW soldier's receipt for his discharge papers sewn with a few stitches down the middle where the paper had ripped...
I LOVE
bitch hell naw give him a cake ima slap yo ugly ass...
they should do a teen hoot reunion
guess this means i just have to go back to work, sigh
follow he's is a real man and gentleman
Afternoon bowl.
aw twitpic!
HAPPY HOLIDAYS from Gail Boyd Artist Management!
www.gailboyd.com
na, I'm three behind.
I did zip through the whole first season of Suits.
Wow was that amazing!!
Being an only child must suck...
I mean, you have no one to blame for what you did.
Brad Pitt And Angelina Jolie Engaged: Timeline And Photos Of Their Romance ...
International Business Times
but for under 3k for a sweet cam and a few lenses is awesome.
Calm down.
Slow down.
Playing with food is funner than gobbling it down.
Colton did an amazing job tonight.
I'm so proud of him.
keep doing what you're doing baby, I cried.
Tonight, Thursday, 7pm: No One Knows About Persian Cats It's about an Iranian band, was shot secretly, and is not a doc!
T's Place  BBE A Good Ass Night!!!
It is wonderful!
70 degrees and awesome pretty much all the time!
My wife just told my 10 year old boy,If you don't go to bed, Sandusky is gonna get you!
he ran like he'd seen a ghost or the boogie man...
One more hour.
so could the twin apparently..
I has fun chatting with you today...
Let's do it again soon!
Still thinking about getting doctornk tonight too .
lmao
Have a nice week everyone!!
i like paul at super welter/jr middle but i like how he want one of the Mexican Champs and no parts of James Kirkland
i find steps does better while i'm sbing delpo and ivo.
Fathers day and video game/movie day
He said, Boy if you'd left me alone, right now I'd be fishin
Tennis anyone
The show will end.
The boys will go solo.
There'll be no more 'band'.
But one thing's for sure, I won't stop supporting the BTR guys.
3
feeling beat up and that I can't do anything right today.
Hate days like this.
I'm more of a friend anyways.
Just loving someone exactly how they are in each moment.
That's freedom
I have a boyfriend, sorry.
Another win for SU football!
Congrats 3 u!
I'm crying!
They won!
:D
Thanks for the FOLLOW you know the gurl
HEY!
If you like 1D please follow for funny One Direction tweets!
We're a new twitter just getting started!
I used to give a fxck, Now I give a fxck less!!
Starting to think my moms right..
This game is intense!!
Great job by OKC!!!
we shop there weekly
Its here
im trying to get a hold ofmy elmentry school teacher shes very nice
Stacy Wolf puts hit songs from 60s musicals back into the bodies and voices of the women who sang them on stage.
demi tour dates please :
whoops, fatfingers.
RT Talking to survivor of cruise shit crash, it sounds so scary on board that ship
check your inbox ;
Whaaatt?
My 20thh????
RT : my BDAY Sunday too!
Make sure it's cute when I walk in lol
LOOKING 4, FIELD GOAL 24 BABY!!!!
Gotta C in Human Geo.
.
Smh.
Idgaf no more.
My grandson shot his first deer  my granddaughter got a new puppy.
It was an exciting time at my house last night.
Have a good day everyone
What to do, what to do.
YES!
ED!
WHEN YOU'RE IN INDIANA NEXT WEEKEND, COME LEEDLE WITH US AT STARBUCKS 3
Not gonna lie I've hurt some people over time, but you, I don't even know what I did to you.
I have more info at work if you want it on the austin project that is
HOW'S MY BFF......AND HER PRETTY MOMMY????
The browns have a hard a schedule this year!!!
screaming go browns
Things Are Good...You?
Paul Rand kicks Milton Glaser's butt
: Love you guys too.
your still in sschool?
idk hes sleeping in his room right now
you're not following me.
:/
oh snap!
Which video?!
Try this again.
Night friends!
xoxo
Hello blogchat.
Everyone ready for the last week before Christmas?
Thank you!
i guess becuz i wont go to PR tom, and i go when am sick or worse!
just need me time!
Trip over love, you can get up.
Fall in love and you fall forever.
RT : Big congrats to and all at and on today's news!
See you guys at doctorpalCon!
me too gorl.
is that you in your icon?
c:
Alera Wing Back Swivel and Tilt Chair, Mahogany Finish/Oxblood ...
well u have more in in your mouth that u have to swallow
Happy Halloween!
what the hell
i wish i could go to the mall without going to the mall.
Y'all if u want ur tweets sent to my phone just RT this :
3 of my shows had their season finales today ;;
Our Wild Workouts  Wellness TShirts are only 12.00!
People love them!
Pick one up next time you are in!
I Have Headache From All Of The Freaking Bull Crap I've Been Putting Up w.
Lately..
Like With No Due Respect FUCK EVERYBODY.
Yea, I Said It.
HELLO!
Everyone how r u?
You may also qualify for help from a home ownership scheme.
Such an awesome day at work!
Feeling horrible.
Can't wait to sleep.
It's an absolute gorgeous day in SF!
How are you spending it?
it will be worth the wait :
where were you tonight?
i love you andoctorw 3
A black woman told me I was the first white boy she has seen that could fill the ass of a pair of cargo paints.
Booyah.
A little Face to Face tonight for ya?
Good man.
Give Trever my regards.
Running about 10 minutes late....
Thats about right.
Why do I even bother ,,,,,
got that right
John Witherspoon Never read a book through merely because you have begun it.
my pleasure and cheers...
Just found out our song Close Your Eyes was featured on MTV's Fresh Meat 2.
episode 5  Danny  Sandy's challenge :
people need to start tweeting!
next time I pull down my timeline I better see some CREATIVE ASS SHIT!
:
Anyone know of a badass/professorssional meeting space in Baton Rouge that fits 50 ppl?
I want to see you.
Let get outta here.
Now I can't go back to sleep D:
there's a difference between war  genocide, people.
I think I know what I'm doing on 9/23 RT : RVA's first halfiron distance tri!
Registration now open.
u get my DM fool?
We can do all things through Christ who strengthens us..
GOODMORNING i know im late lol
as promised, two new interviews up today!
one in 30, and one later today.
amazing bands you won't wanna miss.
i don't think you understand the amount of despise and hate i have for the yankees  misterrust
I had a doctoram i was going to have a bad Sunday Morning and right when i wake up my mom is telling me to get ready for church at 6 am
Type Chris Bosh into Google and look at the suggestions  top ones are Twitter, Gay, and Flop.
here's a few from some kids ive worked with
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please??
2
this is your gayest tweet yet.
thank you for the breaking news.
Your Welcome!
No pain in my cervical spine, first time in 19 years.
Thanks to
all hoes aint sweet they messy mane

Merry Christmas to you as well.
The doctorve from Minneapolis to Norwood Young America would be infinitely better on a Harley.
I should get on that....
On tumblr right now for all the wrong reasons
My apt complex tried to say my car registration was out dated and would tow it...maybe they should get the correct tag and state next time
The most annoying sound in the world?
Loud, obnoxious, Southern girls on an airplane.
Time to shoot you some stl rb.
Let's work
Sure.
I don't know if would be there for ya though.
;
For the NCAA Tournament to date our projected data is  ML 80 ATS 61 Totals 68
The flight attendants thought I was either distraught or never been in first class.
Well it was the former
oh yeah n u know we fux wit u allday sis
About to head to Yankee Stadium for the BIG 4: Metallica, Slayer, Megadeth and Anthrax.
Oh my!
Pray for me.
:
first time I've ever heard our success attributed to isbn!
Seems preposterous to me.
Care to explain?
and I don't want to see any excuses for this team's performance from Knick Fans let's save it
: RT what's up RNGeezies??!?!
Should we uStream tonight??
:D YES
Lets hope its a ice cream bar...
Making new friends with neighbors!
Yay!
:
awsome we out here getting it these niggas need to get it right bout to turn superman to litte boy spittin kryptonight
A majority of Facebook users fall into the 18 to 25 and 26 to 34 age groups followed by the 13 to 17 and 35 to 44 age groups.
Jason Price asks, do we need title lists?
What the heck abt these lists?
Who sees value?
Pubs apparently dont.
Interesting light talk
So you're going to root for the Clippers?
Good luck with that.
cc:
I'm not messing with no more boats 
lmao syllabus says paper and PowerPoint ha
mahn!!
this summer is almost over..
no more sleeping in !
but this summer was fun:
I'm so excited for you to be here and experience the Portland office.
Can't wait to see you, Mallroy!
no, but a couple people did.
oh well...I survived.
J'Nan: It's like a trap.
If someone pulls a gun  you don't have one, what are you going to do?
And if you do and you get pulled over?
And just as we have borne the likeness of the earthly man, so shall we bear the likeness of the man from heaven.
1 Corinthians 15:49
You've never had a California burrito!?
They are my favorite.
Today in Literary History: On March 16, 1850 Nathaniel Hawthorne's novel THE SCARLET LETTER was published.
wanna hear Champagne  Chickenheadz
Ralph's great grocery store on 9th  Hope
awesome!
When ya back?
Life seems to be exactly the way we see it at the moment.
It is necessary to change their ideas, as immediately and will change lives ...
DAMN THAT POP SICKLE WAS EVERYTHING!!!
thanks a lot!
the devil wears prada
Its almost my birthday : its on wednesay
you and JB are doing that tour??
HFC has successfully completed the TOEFL iBT process and is ready to deliver the TOEFL iBT exam.for more information call 7035220005
just got home from watching the ringling brothers3
lol you are making it on your own just fine.
I'm only here to keep you from hitting your head in the doorway.
Make sense?
Just shoot me an email when you get it laid out.
Looking forward to hearing it soon.
Clear  cold overnight with temps around 30 degrees.
Partly to mostly sunny  a bit breezy for Christmas Day with highs in the mid40s.
ifonlyicould stop loving you..
Easier said than done.
I need the help of the BBN!
My wife needs to get off the couch and get things done but I can't get her up off the couch!
: Yay!
Many thanks!
I'm still sorta in love with Adam Duritz after all these years
They win tonight and the Caps need to definitely do what they can to keep both Semin and Green
psst.
i'm sort of hoping she does win it.
and gets back to winning a bit.
am cautiously hoping.
not optimistic, just hoping.
hey you!!
Think I saw you at the mall the other day.
Would love to catch up sometime soon!
:
Realized that even though the Indians top their division and the Sox bottom theirs, they've won the same  of games.
I hate competition.
All Dogs Go On the Roof
hopefully for spring finals I'll get to study at instead.
Another day in Los Angeles, no matter how many times I come here I can never get used to it
First Rule in Life.
Trust no one !
Please say a prayer for all of those struggling with eating disorders, self harm, mood disorders, and substance abuse.
come on.
An 8 year old is battling cancer right now and all she wants is to meet you.
Why would they do Katrina's hair like Adele's??
Stop it.
Get out of debt  stay out of debt.
Living a debtfree life is healthy for you financially  healthy for your marriage.
I was very sad to hear that Moebius died on Saturday.
I loved every bit of his work.
If the sun stopped shining suddenly, it would take eight minutes for people on earth to be aware of the fact.
Amanda Knox, you know there is just some ways you can tell when a person is guilty or not, Amanda if I was on that jury, you're NOT GUILTY!
M bagels from Panera Bread  amazing breakfast.
like your photo
Putting it out there...I need more voice work.
Here's how you know if you're ready 4 this musiclife..
if you're not asking to urself what if I don't make back the money I'm investing?
Very fascinating read: The End of America by Naomi Wolf.
It's also a documentary.
Not for people with heart conditions
thanks for the follow.
I love your black and white of Snoop.
Intro to Lindy Hop, part II  tonight!
We had record attendance last week.
We're gonna finish up the swing out  then on to cool moves!
Standing in hailI love it!
great, thanks for the info!
I have put my registration for sta2011 in the mail.
Well Packers fans who thought last week's game was a tough way to end the season, at least they didn't lose like the teams did today, wow
craigslist can be crazy at times.
Check out roommates.com I've had better luck there
tough loss for man!
Workaholics never gets old.
Thanks to for the follow.
Text messaging can be a great way to enhance guest experience.
Ask us how!
9182710062
Develop 10week modules on popular topics  such as alternative energy.
Impt for them to be able to communicate with their families
this trend was all fun and games but forreal fuccyoumean itsokaytocheatif?
Excited for my audition tomorrow in Tally.
incaseyoudidntknow is the founder/runner of Go follow me ;
Can't wait for KnightLife  need to work it out on the dancefloor!
/via
Some people are always grumblin because roses have thorns
says Jets GM Tannenbaum will aggressively go after lefty backup QB...Mark Sanchez, Tim Tebow and Kellen Moore?
Thx!
RT : Top 25 Minority Execs in Healthcare recognizes chief medical info officer  Congrats Geeta!!
Another good production meeting!
my brother is behind the times...He doesn't know his addoctorss...He is an odd ball, but I love him!
It is never too late to be who you might have been
Thanks I do feel much better today :
: I didn't hear anything she said after that.
You, too.
It looks like fun!
Come back soon!!
Chicago misses you already!
: 21
ive been busy and havent had time to think of a come back, but this is not over
Second Harvest Foodbank is in need of volunteers.
Seeking help year round for food sorting  repacking!
If you can help call 2167214
Thank u so so much for following me I luv u!
Ur my hero!
I look up u!
Ur what keeps me going!
I want
MEXICAN MAHOMIES LOVES YOU WE NEED TO COME TO MEXICO PLEASE PLEASE AustinInMexico :D
at least one habbel gets it
Great day at Be Well Walk yesterday!
Thanks to all walkers and Michael  Susan Dell Foundation.
Lovin' LadyBird Lake!
Is anyone else having a issue with Facebook loading this morning?
I have tried both of my accounts and cant get either one loaded.
Gonna miss you boo 3 Have a safe flight :
follow back
what kind of dicks have you been looking at??
Over being sober
thank you!
I was a little
Ahh an R2 that doesn't get stuck x woo
On a New York subway you get fined for spitting, but you can throw up for nothing.
Lewis Grizzard
i still think about this all the time  hm  2 fountains to choose from!
I'll give an email!
You're welcome!
I'm on a list that sends insights into what's going on developmentally with my baby.Today Your clever toddler in week 56: Wary of robots.
Who's got some new music for us to listen to?
Where are you guys watching the Caps game?!
Trying to figure out a postcrawfish plan before I'm too blitzed to coordinate.
Savoy had a really good turn out tonight...no doctorma or bull shit!
ONE TIME FOR PITTSBURGH!
WE RUN THIS!!
Amazing TWITTER deal.
50 off  The Clifton Inn for dinner tonight and tomorrow !!!!!
Call now 434 971 1800 for reservations
Thousands gathered at the rally demanding justice for Trayvon Martin in downtown DC.
Inspiring...
Modern medicine has already discovered that love increases the human immune response.
Create more love everyday.
One Fish.
Two Fish.
Red Fish.
Blue Fish.
Do you love this shit?
Are you high right now?
What the Muslim Brotherhood Stands For
Interim Police Chief offers to help protectors get to Port of Oakland as long as they are peacefully
: You can tell I'm not a basketball girl, I just asked what world peace was lol  lmao Shay!!!!
smh haha
This day has been great!
STATECHAMPS :
There are a lot of people here!
When are you coming?
Really bad accident at NE 42nd and Columbia.
I guess it's going to be one of those days.
Just passed 8k tweets...:
Keep up the great work in your jiu jitsu!
120.
Wow!
We've added grappling to our Battle of Atlanta 43.
See www.Sportjujitsu.
watchin tv with mom and dad.....oh what fun!
Validation of awesomeness tonight with !
Remember how cool we are, lady?
;
Spent the past week in the Hamptons with my sister and 3yo nephew, Of to NYC tomorrow for a few days of urban culture.
favorite girl I know its old but its my favorite song ever
hey, now.
: Ha!
The good ole days were 45  78 rpms on Turntables.
BTW Western Union Telegrams were the early Twitter.
:
Just saw Julia Roberts snogging her husband on Bleecker St.
I would do anything to be able to just go run
Lyric love from our favorite photographer3 RT: Kill your fake smiles, 'cause I'm climbing further than you'll ever reach.
yea..what said
Worst.
Day.
Ever!
Gonna try and go to sleep.
Goodnight mahomies Maddie
you're doing the Europa too??
See u on that stage kid
haven't seen anything, but what the word on Matheny retaining McGwire at hitting coach?
we like you the way you are :
Architecture causes visitors to make choices
Hey there, congratulations!
Thx!
Sorry missed you!
Hope you enjoyed!
: RT : are you here right now?
Congrats on Day One of RISEAustin12!
RT : currency is dumb cheese to me...
somebody need to steal his mic n bury it!I'm still waitin 4 that niggas words to rhyme lol
Apparently an Arnold Palmer made with pink lemonade is called a Tiger Woods.
So, there's that.
Rain or Shine..
Californos is here serving up great fall menu items  come check them out tonight!
Erin, we removed some links but the discussion function works the same as it always did.
Just scroll to the bottom of the page.
tehehe good ol tiny chat antics
I miss you a lot!!
Thank you for following!
Everyone using the sbchat hashtag tonight will have the chance to win a copy of WinningtheCustomer courtesy of
How is Social Media changing health care for new providers entering the field?
How do new providers stay on top of changes?
Secret service for Newt and Santo?
This is adding to the national debt  deficit.
Wasteful spending
whatmakesablackgirlmad When You Mess Widt Her Kids .
what about us Gooners already in NYC?
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW

may as well doit now, get an interim, and then have the GM hire a...
oh, wait.
that's right.
they have no GM.
oh, sigh.
please follow me!!
I am such a huge fan I watch every episode of icarly and I think your gorgeous!!
It would make my day!!
lets make this day count, for all u ReVestors out there put in some offers....
Don't let fear stop you!
You're super talented!!
Are u guys doing any twitter contests for One Direction?
Morning is not a good morning without a cup of coffee
Please join us.
thank you!!
is tatted the fuck up!
S/0 to him tho!
:
just be you justin.
the right person will come along and fall for you with that rebel spirit you have.
i sure like it !!
Proud to announce that I will Clinic all 300 LAUSD Head Football Coaches on June 9th.
Big Shout Out to Barbara Figge  John Aguirre
23 Beers on Tap Countdown: Half way home, so tell us your favorites Indianabeer  craftbeer lovers in
Conan, what is best in life?!
To lie in a hammock, reading esoteric pseudobiographies of disgraced Republican Presidents!
ha, I called them and went in to make the change and already had it entered.
So they must have already called.
:
always a pleasure you bro!
So happy you are back in town :
haha.
I think we all do.
will do doctorwing inspiration from Makers
Dear , just curious, which other of 's accomplishments will you generously offer to take credit for?
S4 with my boo !!!
doctornk ready to hit the club in dallas!
Happy April Fool's Day!
Hope you don't get TOO fooled!
:
Superintendent earns how much?
whats your email i wana send you some of my music
Tough Loss!!
TOR ML will win your money back tonight
I thought someone took my pants in as an aprilfools joke.
Turns out, I'd just bought smaller pants.
Wait, what time do the movie starts????
Aww, dang.

the bulls  the washigton caps.
Romney laughing at this, too.
RT Log Cabin Republicans blast Obama for callous  offensive support for marriage equality
Hrmm...
?
No?
I need 2 actually speak to my friends more often.
Especially now when i'm too sleepy to cook or walk 2 Sonic :
In my opinion, the only thing worse than not peeing when you have to, is not sneezing when you have to...
I've been guilty.
I need your twitter shoulder to cry on over what has happened to our team in the past few days...
Aw thanks!
It has been pretty good so far but a bit tiring.
I'm ready to sit down with a book.
:
Big win for TWrecks at Dexter's trivia night!
Good omen for the upcoming kickball season.
rofl.....omg I love u lol
Gary Myers, NY Daily News, coming on to talk about the NYC Super Bowl in 2014!
Mile High Sports, 1510
ohh, well.
Won't he bring yoou?
Lol nd did you ask if I could ride da bus home wiff you tomorrooww?
:p
32208 try it!
Junior Lake, who singled in his first AB today, doubles home two in his second AB for TEN.
Lake now hitting .345 since coming off DL
Such weird doctorams....
Pretty sure half the editors in the office had 
ah!!!!
time for pretty little liars!
Due to overwhelming capacity and interest, the talk just moved to McCormick Screening Room!
yes and yes.
Someone come over and make me food
Sunday Night Opera.
Richard Strauss asks the question Which is the greater art, poetry or music?
in his opera Capriccio at 9pm.
aint nobody tryin to get hit with that dude hand !
Heats vs
oh ahah okay
yea I am....I'm really sleepy this morning
i aint as good as im gonna get but im better then i used to be..
Sometimes I think my blood sugar meter is programmed to spit out completely random numbers.
bgnow 117
I never said he was an angel.
Just a more complex portrait.
I think I will never watch again, you are soft on GOP  a TEABAGGER!
I will
Welcome to New York3 :
If you want to catchup w/ , he mentioned cutting loose at
I got a flat fixed there once, and I was definitely looking over my shoulder the whole time.
It's across from the bus station.
.
you were awesome with this morning.
Thanks for coming!
Getting ready for the weekend!
Triglav home opener...
kickball, Balin, Softball, Beersbee!
Cant wait
Money is the motive!
Haha.
Correct, but the antidote is change perception of public.Charters wrongly perceived as different,public not!
Time for the Sunday TECH updates my Twitter friends...here we go!
Not yo type?
I will visit this summer for sure!
About to head over to see the new The Face of the Ghetto exhibit at the UN.
Pls tweet if you'll be there!
oh well i am follow u can u follow me plzzz!!!!!
Agreed.
My helmet saved my life on 11th St NW 4 years ago RT I'm pro ridership, but helmets should not be optional.
Sorry
it's so frustrating.
i don't know why i still get my hopes up.
when the other team goes on a run i get a feeling of inevitability
this move the devil inside sucked ass i got more scared when hulked got mad in the avengers
Anyone want a Mahoneway sub?
; Kayla
Hope I dont see my ex on sunday
I second myself!
The only motivation for resisting voter ID is fraud, sparky.
: prove it or shut up!
its a tribute band for band guns n roses.
They are usually.very good.
But booze and music for me is a good combo lol
itaintgoodsex if she cnt take it frm the back...
lol.
W.O.R.D.
Eatin fruity pebbles!!!
:
I've literally been hitting snooze for two and a half hours.
48HRL recovery.
Umm no  RT : Black over EVERYTHING!!!!!
Right !!
RT : Support the Y!
Support our community!
Register for our St.
Patty's Day 5k, 10k or Leprechaun Chase!......
Mitt Romney makes a clean sweep today taking DC, Maryland, and Wisconsin.
Would the other two just give up already?
Skeptical?
RT: UNC offers lifetime digital storage to its students tinyurl.com/64ukbkx
If your a belieber, jonas fan, cody simpson fan, or SHAKE IT UP Fan go and follow he is a really cool actor
happy Wellingversary 3 meetin u guys was so fun and i cant wait till this summer !
3month : love u all!
Thanks for sponsoring the 2012 CP Cal Celebration 7 last weekend!
A great time had by all!
Thanks for an awesome two weeks.
Our very own is live tweeting seapavaa16 !
We miss you Benny!
Good luck on your first tweet rodeo!
answer your phone lol
heaven forbid.
Had a great 2 days  Grandview Elem.
Almost every 35th grade class mentioned power as a reason why some kids disrespect others.
Awesome
I'm not sure if I can get any more tan, but I'm sure willing to try if it's going to be 80 and perfect today.
all of those guys, also jonathan eig, howard bryant, obviously laura h, jane leavy
Today public sector workers taking industrial action.
Great term for STRIKE.
I do believe I'll be going to bed a bit earlier tonight.
Uncle junior had me on some purple kush at 8 am...den had bout 10 beers...i was
In the next couple of weeks
I see, so I'm an amateur?!
I guess I know where I stand!
...only kidding :
cinnamon how would u like a lil sugar?
;
Loss of Wilson is a huge blow to SF He was the anchor for a nasty bullpen which now has no true closer.
Interested to see how they rebound.
Does Central even ever make it to playoffs??
Just asking.
CC:
You follow so that you can adopt the opposing viewpoint.
:
Hey, that girl's not wearing pants.
The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
St.
Augustine
we missed you too :
A little surprising...
apparently www.peoplepoweredchange.org.uk doesn't really support people.
Their money goes to nonprofessorts.
Thethingis people don't know what love is anymore.
goodnight Mahomies, goodnight i love you
I am struck when I meet people who have no clue or are blind to struggling people; they are called Congress.
Lying on a bed of roses, the petals slowly fall.
A new beauty with every layer, the music begins to call.
London Rose.
Thank you kindly for the shout out.
We're much obliged.
: 
That one person you miss with all your heart,but know he's wrong with all your mind.
3
And then I spilled beer all over the couch.
Best CPAC Speeches:
Got my 1st ticket for a dam HOV lane ur aloud in it after 6 I was in it at 5 45 n got a 165 ticket fuk cops dicks
Haha exactly!!
: RT : And NOW I understand your Twitter handle!
good seeing you too!
Congrats to your family.
If you need anything while you're in town lemme know.
Or even doctornks/dinner.
how'd you find it?
LOL.
that's right!
we are your carlight, bikefriendly shoppe!
staccato riff C/C/D/F C/C/D second cousin descending G/F/F/D/D/C G/F/F/D/C
oh my god I know!
Do we have Kanban Master and XP Master certificates?
We should have.
I will follow you if you follow me
Great shoot today at Curious Pictures!
Why are the scenes with all the blood, guts,  torture always the most fun?!
SVT's 20th Anniversary!
Will never buy a different performance vehicle!
RT : April 15th  21st is National Volunteer week!
What can we all do to change the world?
I'll document and post my...
appeasing my son's love of soccer to let him watch barcelona  milan vs my
Mi One Nd Only !!!
WHEN GUYS PLAY WITH KIDS IT IS A MAJOR TURN ON....just saying.
yep they do
Blasting Katty Perry  Last Friday Night !
vansmooooock you skiing or snowboarding?
What's your favorite type of Motorcycle Helmet?
Cast your vote in our poll today!
Try and Try but dont cry!
Please hold the wedding, I need to take this call.
thanks a lot man.
Wish you were here ;
Got a call from the campaign asking me to consider her for 79th assembly...hard to vote for a board member of genocidal PP
You stole that scene Robin.
Ha!
Can't wait to see Saturday's episode.
Lots of fun at Quality Social last night.
Andoctorw WK at the Rave in March?
Yes please.
Here's a question for you aspiring ornithologists out there.
Why does the Spoonbilled Sandpiper have a spoonshaped bill?
Give up?
follow and please :D x79
i'll take that bet
hey selena!!
my aunt Arlen made your passport!!
love ya!
xo
People tend 2 brainstorm better,communicate more honestly  get through process more efficiently with an outside facilitator,
I want a simple and chic arm sling made by Helmut Lang
Just wanted to thank you for tonight's meeting.
Very enlightening.
Great presentation and great conversation!
I was unaware that employers could ask for that in the first place??
TIME FOR MORE COFFEE!!
does anyone know what's going on with Ping.fm?
I haven't been able to login for weeks because of a redirection loop RT
that damn door don't screech nomore !
How can I get in touch with your marketing/events coordinator?
Thank you much!
I love Detroit too :
yep for sure!
Ooh, I LOVED Barcelona.
Have fun!
I wish I was talented.
Hard to explain an SAT trick in 140 chars.
Will put tricks on the website soon, even better sign up for tutoring and I'll explain in person!
La dispute has also made an apperiance in the daily musical choice of James
Really cool event.
Artists need to get down with the tech!
RT We do what we must, and call it by the best names  Ralph Waldo Emerson
Who wants to be my 100th follower?
;3
I hope Brian Mullan comes up 20 cents short at the checkout and has to borrow a quarter from the elderly lady behind him
Worn out..
I spent all day doing pushups and chopping down trees with an axe for a music video shoot haha!
time to lift things up an put them down
is a rockstar...
love ya brother and thanks for the pic and props.
Be watching at 11...
You are very welcome!
If a lawyer and an IRS agent were both doctorwning, and you could only save one of them, would you go to lunch or read the paper?
Happy birthday to a fellow guy who batted way out of his league.
A video showing all the different ways that people ask could be a fun and informative video.
you should take a plane
One of my friends from indy was skyping me and his his friend was there, his friend said I was goin thro ur fb wat team u play for?
Alright guys I need help my new gf is really shy and when we hangout she hardly ever talks....what do I do????????
One thing I was looking fwd to this summer was seeing my uncle at my sisters wedding.
He won't be there physically but he will be mentally.
Good thing come to those who wait
I honestly had no idea that grad students were asked to teach for no pay.
And do.
I got schooled.
I suspect a 'Tremors' type of situation.
Clintonville is now 6 degrees closer to Kevin Bacon.
Did you know they serve Dewar's and Dogfish Head on Amtrak?
Sure does help the train ride go by more quickly.
omg that sucks, just close your eyes.
Aha xD
URHollywood.Biz!
Bringing the Biz like no other!!!
When in doubt, just shop online!
Not the smartest decision but I've done worse.
Trivia Question: How many moons does Saturn have?
Answer: 61 know so far.
didn't I tell you to stop smoking?
i am in tears watching this trayvon martin special.
when i heard him scream, i cried.
when i heard the gun shot..i broke down.
RIP Trayvon
you are eminently collectible
...These are their stories.
was interested in a headcount on who might be available to pop in at 1:30 tomorrow for the friendly w/ Italy.
Just curious...
exactly right, Bruins need to addoctorss all issues now.
They look flat as a pancake!
I need folks to help organize for I'll put up a page soon, but  or dm if interested.
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedoctorl
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
George Eliot
K cool yell at me for stupid shit ive had a long day thanks for making my day so much better
I like a long film!
Its been a long time comin babe whoa, just called to see how u been doin lately!
sister are you ok?
where is our game at!?
I have...and it does.
Learning more about what I'm unfamiliar with only makes me better.
Did you know the Detroit Rowing Club at Belle Isle is one of the oldest continuous rowing clubs in the world?
heh, I was just contemplating making it my personal avatar /cc
NOW IT'S SO MUCH EASIER TO TALK TO YOU YAAAAAAAAAY
Thinking a lot about all the plastic packaging in takeout.
1 week  a few togo meals  recycling bag full.
So, try to reuse packaging.
People still protect their tweets?
That shit cray.
I love you.
RT : So jelly of all the people see Radiohead tonight.
please visit this blog www.myjamisterck.blogspot.com
I wish, but I'm a bed so I can't move..
Where are we headed for lunch?
Or do you want to meet me at my office?
Fresh new hair cut :
Thanks sweetie for the FS :
now yanksvsorioles l
I'm still mad....just promise when the nfl has celebrity basketball games u will play mettaworldpeace 
The new web site design is coming alone quite nicely.
Get ready.
Best 2011 wishes form the filmmakers and actors from the Rabbit Theory.
Be the master of your own soul in 2011.
Baby I did post that
Graduation is just around the corner!
Seniors, do you have family traveling from out of town?
Leadership should be born out of the understanding of the needs of those who would be affected by it.
Marian Anderson
What is the speed of dark?
just got out of the shower and still tired..guess I need more than 4 hours of sleep
He offered an extravagantprice
it's been 2 days and he's worked with him before...
I went there for a while because I needed a break but I transferred out.
BOTTOM LOUNGE TONIGHT!
9pm
I think I'm sick like how do u have a cold all year around ugh
Don't know what Bradley's doing in the locker room at halftime, but if they're smart they've got a guy watching Michigan strategize on BTN.
I love that movie.
Literally anything I do my brothers like HOW HIPSTER OF YOU
Stop by The Chocolate Library for hardtofind chocolate gift bags from Luxembourg chocolatier Genaveh.
111 St.
Marks Place btw 1  A
sorry, couldn't stop in.
Enjoy it, bro!
RT that so all the movers  shakers know about it!
I'm with ya!
Love capers for much the same reason.
Don't want to be seen licking salt off your plate...
add capers!
At least we've temporarily dispensed with discussion of the hoodie
: The recoil alone from this gun is enough to break a fully grown Chuck Norris Ben Verhile
yea bro
I'm literally in tears Dylan is a mile away from me.
Tomorrow is my birthday.
Bring on the FiletOFish gift certificates!
happy birthday Anna Maria!!!
Tonight, March 30th at 7:00 pm in Cushing 001 learn about the basics of investing from some pretty fantastic women in the business world!
back to work Jess.
www.trivgov.com
That is awesome!
How did you glue it on?
Super Glue?
Fantastic, Heather!
Have a blast!!!
I'll be cheering for your Giants!
:
All happiness depends on a leisurely breakfast.
Forgot who said it, but it's true.
I'm the happiest man alive.
Also broke.
This weekend join us for an Octoberfest Celebration...15.95 get a Sam Adams Octoberfest pitcher and fried pretzels.
doctorving to Mustang Island, TX.
Show at Cinnamon Shore at sunset.
omg I looked so gross.
I miss those days though
: they are annoying how ?
That's awesome, but I get why you worry :
Awww shoot!
Just booked a SeaWorld Commercial!
San Diego here I come 
Hospitality is making your guests feel at home even when you wish they were.
Congrats young man!!!
RT : Just officially committed to the University of Michigan!
dm'd it to you.
My phone is so slow:/
: oml, lol.
someone blow up my phone :
lol not that im saying i disagree
Wrapping up a busy day at BMG.
See all you tweeps tomorrow!
ha, one of those day, huh?
i hear you!
Should I plan a trip to Denver and see the Rockies this summer?
Today I feel lazier than the guy who designed the Japanese flag.
Twitter is cool,but what if u DOMINATED 30 search engine listings?
What's your email addoctorss?
The show at Celebration Disney was AWESOME!
Just landed our flight back in Boston :
I thought Nashville would win but not this lopsided
My mom has officially ruined my day
Snow showers in DC Sunday...waaaaattt?!?!?!
doctoraming of a White Christmas
oh looks like u need someone to cheer u up.
Bitches at work are so dumb.....fuck a game, labor still gotta be met!!!!
Interesting research field: topic negotiation and politeness strategies.
Don't think we'll hear findings, though, he's focused on process.
followers: Congrats on 4k, by the way!: 3
aw lucky I love chocolate covered strawberries
Chuck Tatelbaum's story about being a clown tomorrow in the 's TDay Parade should be on
Just saw a headline saying Romney got testy when asked about gay marriage.
Well played, copy editor.
me too!
What was the mention?
Awesome
When you come home from school and put sweatpants on amazing ;D
your contagious, tocuh me baby, give me wat you got
If nothing else, I'm eager to see how a film looks in that format.
ditto!!!
: The Legend of Korra...I love you.
So damn, no Tshirt.
I DONT like him I LOVE HIM!!
LOVELOVELOVE RT : Does anyone like Christian Beadles?
Just a little bit?
I was just going to say something, but I forgot when I started looking at you.
I'll ask to send one your way this week!
I hope you enjoy it!
Let me know what you think!
Bru I done got Jammed up But Imma tell tomorro
ItsCuteWhen guys buy their girlfriends a bunch of candy  junk food because they know she is on her period 3
Stop creating your doctorma
I think it's time for a change...
: Colts have claimed tight end Andoctor Smith off waivers from the Chicago Bears and waived cornerback Mike Holmes.
Another 1?
DUDE!
Excellent choice.
Watch for my pictures when I head down there march 3rd.
Audition prep, Coaching at 1:30, work, Survivor, and Skype time with are you in?
President's concert is going well, I've played for ten minutes, stood outside for ninety
ah of course.
thanks for the kind words.
Unfortunately you won't!
I'm going to Zac brown band the day before and I already bought Dave tickets for Friday
still sending prayers your way.
I'm sorry you are going through this.
: Good luck on your move today, !
yay!
Good luck meg!
Closed for summer vacation; reopning after Labor Day.
Was literally just typing this!!
:
it will be my home for the next week...
MITT ROMNEY IS A WANNA BE BUT DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO BE.
IS THIS A MAN YOU CAN TRUST?
A MAN YOU CAN LIVE WITH AS PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
Big rivalry basketball game tonight in NC!
Who are you pulling for?
Duke or UNC?
I'm convinced the best songs ever written are the ones we never heard.
Ken Veltz, songwriter, neighbor, friend and inspiration
omg someone tweeted a pic of bagels!
RT : OMG has made the legs and base for our unicorn.
We can't wait for pur display this friday.
I will ask him tonight!
Cinthya Herrera, 27, gets her astronomy career off to a flying start by producing the first scholarly science pa..
yes!!!!
Same group as last time :
SO MANY BIKES IN WOODBRIDGE
Sipping some Patron on my Cinco De Mayo vibes...
Exactly!!
I may have to quote you on that!
:
I wish I could just say, I'm stressed!
Instead I lose my phone, think a student stole it, tell my boss, Find my phone And feel really silly.
No.
You are wrong.
nvm warning track shot
Mugatu would fit in well in the Capitol.
Bout to be a LONG weekend.
This guy is right on and I had wondered the same thing...
It's too hot outside :
People are usually more convinced by reasons they discovered themselves than by those found by others.
Blaise Pascal
Hey, , you're a Quitter, man!
RT : Regardless of who wins MI, both Romney  Santorum have lost swing voters .
That's what they get for redesigning their buildings instead of 70splastic/yuck.
Panel inspired by the Is this App racist?
siallopen thread.
yeah sucked it was mostly about his brother Dickey.
Guess that was a better story
What films are everyone looking forward to this weekend?
The LA SKINS FEST is now accepting submissions for the 2010 film festival taking place in November.
No Submission Fee.
laskinsfest.com
u already kno bro im go be famous one these days im jus patiently waiting
lye in the back with your head in the clouds and you're gone...
Hey followers please follow them : thanks
HowAboutWe just forget about each other?
There are many ways to give!
Volunteering counts.
You have my full support for the direction your tweets are going in tonight.
More people care about you then u think ..
So dont think no one cares .
It's Friday and it doesn't feel like it....
Maybe I just need Rebecca black to get that feeling back.
Bestfriends who are always there for you 3
What do i say
Your so silly
Checking into the East Coast Game Conference!
Lmfao not funny!
hi thanks for following, I tweet more from my production account I talk about my other project and about 2shadows
hey heads up!
Next thurs me and the boy are coming down!
Please prepare for some stupidness.
thank u!
Who told Star Jones she could wear those pants?
Today I need lots of luck.
Fingers and toes and legs and eyes crossed.
I really need you to concentrate for me.
I think it may be working..
no I haven't
good one :D
Going sit by the pool and sipp on my Fav!!!
My dad just did that.
I'm like dad, If I date everybody I text, I'm a real big whore.
You try so hard to impress someone and make them know that you care.....IM DONE WASTING MY TIME!!
IF YOU DONT WANT TO ME SEE....BYE
Counterstrike time until Rj WAKES THE FUCK UP SO WE CAN START COOKING UP SOME DELICIOUS PANCAKES
Dig until you hit rock.
Then take out that jackhammer and go a little deeper.
Allison Brennan write create RT
'Norbit' got nominated?
100th tweet!
yay i just thought id post this for the hell of it..
haha
that's awesome!
I try to think of even your smallest imperfections, to try to get over you.
Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea...Joy to you and me!
Has now got a bet on the GrandNational.
Come on
Hi Twitter 
Tired of crammed places too sweaty to enjoy Halloween?
Come to Buddha Bar this weekend and enjoy bottle service at a fraction of the cost!
If I owned a super market I would absolutely make them wear capes
i would take u to race and ethnicity 101 but that would be the much.
Lol
3 left lanes and shoulder of I40 closed due to crash.
Traffic extremely backed up.
More on www.krqe.com.
No man is useless while he has a friend.
Robert Louis
Spring in January here in columbus!
took an into to PHP class and finally can make sense in no uncertain terms of OPAC results screen URLs!
Well I just said what I want....u gonna gv it to me?
I love living in LA.
You get to go to cool events!
They're right at your doorstep all the time.
Record now 69 with win over west.
Game Thursday at montbello vs central
Where we're all these friendsfor Whitney when the media was doctorgging her thru the mud???
Its shameful?
yeah but it feels so nice I'm finna watch a movie Fuck this
What a lovely Tuesday.
Now I can't wait to see the inside of my eyelids!
Lol Goodnight!
I agree on Heck.
Sane.I haven't heard of any other D running in the 10th.
The new boundary is a block away from me.
Stuck w/ her
It would choose today to rain, instead of yesterday when I needed it to.
Just got the news that I'll be leading a WDS attendee session this year on Creating Your Own Podcast or Online Radio Show!!!
Excited!!!
YES!
Jamie Moyer makes Rockies rotation.
Best night with my girlfriend.
So blessed to have her.
You lift me up ..
like a kite on a string.
fox sucks
Just found my old book of CDs.
Nostalgia central.
Flipping thru the pages.
Murphy Lee's album is next to the Beatles 1 album.
Don't judge.
Me too.
They could of made it work
Yah!
Both of you at the frontend conference!
I've been talking to about ideas for our UX conference!
Fun!
Just have her listen to The Birds Part 1 haha
You just wish you were as cool as him.
ha ha!
Why not???
Live that it was on some crappy wonder bread.
Which is now all over my floor.
Sorry to interrupt your regularly scheduled program.
This is a test and only a test.
E13B
I'm going to be wired in a few.
I've had 2 caramel frappes in 2 hourss LOL
that happened to me a dozen times when i first setup mine...
and god help u if u tweak the css now...
you'll notice things missing
I'll ditto 's welcome to Seattle message!
Look fwd to hearing your preso at RaganMSFT :
I hate being grounded from my laptop but I still have my iPod :
So it was a good book?
Lots of media covering it!
You're worth it.
SCREW WHAT THEY SAY.
can you tell your mom I said thanks for the gifts from Mexico?
:p
We don't bite, we don't ask personal questions.
We're here to help.
Indigo Mortgage of Albuquerque.
8365700
RT: All PR people should follow Good stuff is being posted here
I love when people don't fit their stereotype .
Well it's been a day ..
And im ok with that
Or a TEDxOhShutUp ?
people can bring in cookie entries monthurs.
it's actually good to split it up so it's not all in 1 day!
Happy birthday I love you and am excited to live with you next year!
How about no?
what's going on in dallas?
Every 23 seconds, someone is having sex in a carpet store cause it's so hot outside
I followed him :3
A lot of people are suicidal.
If you've ever bullied someone in any way, remember that you could have triggered them to take their lives.
you misunderstand me, sir!
I believe she was fantasizing.
The door never opened shows it was her mind
All I Do Is Me  Nothing Else; GO FUCK YOURSELF!
Following for photos and updates as and employees plant 110 trees in Daytona this morning!
can you give me a shout out please?
Oh, yes!!!
And I have my hat on too.
SO good
I wish!
I'm in California :/
Cool!
Thanks for coming out.
People were asking a girl in the elevator about her fragrance.
She had no answer because the fragrance was mine.
Mayor Hancock: corps and environmental ed programs expose young people to things they would never know otherwise.
What a great day!
Waiting for the train in Portland.
Boston bound!
Jimmie Johnson may have finished 1st in Forbes' Most Influential Athletes list, but we had him 37th in the Bloomberg BusinessWeek Power 100.
Prince blew off Sam.
I gotta go, sorry...and went STRAIGHT to Pedoctor Gomez and ESPN cameras.
amazing message.
I needed that today.
Thanks for sharing.
well my cables out so I bet I stay up til late on twitter and playing games on my phone Haha y do you have to be up so early?
lmao aw you're so cute when you're being a jew
RT : what's the last day to sign up for this?August 31st
Pistons Big Ben will retire his cornrows and afro after tonight.
Spent many nights as the hardest working player on the court.
Well, I've googled her name and nothing new came up, so I figured she wasn't involved in a crime or accident.
Done.
Going to Vail this weekend?
Check out www.VailonSale.com  for the best last minute specials,
Westen on messaging universal healthcare: say I believe in a family doctor for every family instead of universal healthcare
Oh you know what we have planned ;

what channel?!
Well, at least Margin Call got a nod for screenplay.
Better than all of the other Oscar best picture nominees I saw.
I still want to meet your brother.
LOL.
your dog is soo cute!:
Damn.
RT World auction record 119.9 million.
Sotheby's museum man Moffett bidding for client, wins Scream.
No, the not neglecting to eat good meals before a big meal or a holiday meal.
I always neglect that part!
Carson Daly: Because it's time for a nice looking white guy to catch a break in Hollywood.
She annoyed me last night.
I don't do that Roman Holiday crap.
This is...better.

on top of it, not meaning to, my cheeks get SUPER red  hot when he talks to me..
its NOT a good thing!!!!!
Any news editors looking for a story on JPS and the safety of our kids at bus stops, DM me.
Check out True Talent is hard to find
can't.breathe.
why must i live in DC where the air quality received a grade of F?
When you smile , I smile .
I forgot that spencerport was basically the hinterlands
great post!
Haven't talked to him in days
is gonna go off today at 4.
Erase memories of 07 for us Pats fans!
: mister 9Cow Thank you!
U  mister 9Cow have a glorious Saturday.
ff ...
Prediction: walkoff homer from Chad Tracy.
It's the only way.
my bad
Me too!
RT : I may have played a part in it.
RT: Black Friday retail sales hit record, says report
They weren't as controversial/politicized as Obamacare.
Never too late to start getting healthy!Join n Sept.
save!
Programs for seniors, families, youth, cancer survivors  much more!
Thankfully I was able to post the DP front page on Facebook, but still unable to share stories.
MW3 baby of course.
appreciate that  same with yours!
We'll talk further...
Would love to collaborate on visuals w/ the Parkwood team.
enjoys looking like a bum, and will continue to look and live as such until his unfortunate demise in March 2087.
Loving this November weather!
that would be very frustrating to enter a competition, win it, and not receive the prize.
Need to be up in less then 3 hours to fly home OH joy  Im all wired from a 16 plus hour day at work...Happiness is flying home to Chicago!!
RT : Did you know facilities w/ a featured listing saw 34 more reservations in 2011?
Featured Listing Auctions on...
Best No Libs quote to date tonight: This isn't like Fishtown, Chad.
This is a community.
Yesterday my daughter told me her secret robot name and ordered me to addoctorss her with it for the forseeable future.
Ima shed a tear but i really dontCare...
this not the doctorke album..
I booked a principal role in a SAG national CocaCola commercial.
It is going to be a great CocaCola and Nascar weekend in South Florida!
Yay for Anna!
:
Just b/c something is natural doesn't mean its not be harmful.
Doses, amounts and mixtures can make a big difference so proceed with caution
IVAN, YOU ARE WISE
Trumpeter Byron Stripling is in STL this week for a jazz education residency, visiting area schools and working with student musicians!
You will have to try it.
We like it.
It is not Norris Lake.
But it is only a 30 minute doctorve for us.
ah, my booboo is back!
:D
I saw that you were having an exhibit  how exciting!
Wish I could see it in person.
..
Good luck!
Hope you sell a bunch!
Media Studies Blog: Shot List
Happy Mothers Day my friend!
Happy Easter everyone from the ELE family
Pre game in the sweet lmao
Offer on the house is officially in!
Big thanks to with reeceandnichols!
did you have one lol
This is the part of me that you're never gonna ever take away from me MUSIC FollowYourdoctorams RT
yeah but it was funny how she got gamed
One thing we would recommend to anyone is to READ THE LABEL and think about WHO, WHERE and HOW that garment was made.
Let's GO OKC!
BasketballNeverStops 
DON'T OVER PAY FOR SIMPLE THINGS !!
MIXTAPE COVERS, PROMO CD COVERS AND SONG ART FOR A LOW PRICE, HIT UP MY DM FOR INFO !!
it feel good outside...
How would you rate and ?
On the brink of a major panic attack about my exam tomorrow
Well, don't know about you, but now I can sleep tonight!
let's hear it for the girls...the market power of women as ROI engines
You might be a redneck if: Your idea of high quality entertainment is a sixpack and a bug zapper.
Been shopping for Halloween costumes for the kids.
Kind of sad how many astronaut costumes are on clearance.
.
my chances of landing a job just diminished entirely with that hahaha.
Whoa!
How'd you get that cool TAP card?
Steve Kerr in just a few minutes to talk NBA finals!
Mile High Sports, AM 1510!
So today is two weeks since I ordered...any news on when I should receive it?
An explanation email would have been nice.
Public housing getting modern renovations with private help
I missed you
Win every inning
those semester 1 pages are archived.
I'll try to email it to you when I get to school.
Do you workout alone or with a friend?
A workout partner is great as long as you don't convince each other to skip workouts:
Is there a link?
I'm so ready for Vegas.
Can't wait for the NFR and Trents first time to the city of lights.
With at RD kitchen!!!!
Wishing you a romantic, passionate, fun, wild, crazy  perfect Valentine's Day!
Ready to replace the windows in your home?
Give us a call today!
I think fuelinefficient cars, light bulbs, etc should be taxed more, and then that money should pay for subsidies of efficient devices.
My mom came in to wake me up and I wasn't entirely awake yet...so kinda screamed bloody murder.
you should upload the wine.com app to your ipad
We will be going live in 15 minutes :
How did I never realize that I'm madly in love with Cole Porter?
And also the movie midnight in Paris.
I spent 2 hours and 45 minutes running.
2,107 calories burned.
what are you working with?
I've got a Heartbreaker combo at my place.
Brad sighting!
Whoever is street racing outside my house, you're annoying.
Stop.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 35
sweet!
SMC has great German food in their dining hall.
:
Time to ball Z Bo
Funny: Q4 have stats, graphs, charts, and testimonials of the value I addIn 150 ppt slides w/ugly template  bullets
way it was animated I dunno haven't finished it yet.
I like Vivi though :
There's a possibility.
His faces were real funny though.
General reminder ND is closed on mondays.
THX TO EVERY 1 OF MY FOLLOWERS THT R FOLLOWING ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AND WHO EVERS NOT FOLLOWING ME FOLLOW ME AND ILL THK U 2!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
:D i set my alarm to wake me up to say that, and i'm doing it listening to Florence, Never Let Me Go.
:33
went to the ribbon cutting at the church you go to.
It looks very nice!
Okay!
So!
Kitten just jumped up and grabbed the dog's collar, dog freaking spun a few times with the kitten holding on.
Yowza.
I got twitter on my phone.
I am a happy girl.
Thanks for the RT!
I hope you all enjoy Episode 4.
Things get a little crazy!
Good morning babies.!!
One again woke me up
I approve.
The original pairing with ASM was too great not to RT, though.
My general sentiment much of the time.
Love the Twins.
Love that movie.
Good stuff!
// RT : Life is good.
The Twins win and I'm watching Little Big League.
I think that 22 innocent childoctorn Being killed in a bus crash proves the fact there is no god.
Aiming to become leading Pinterati.
Also just signed up for dipity so may never again have time for inperson socializing!
Tenacity Circus Arts is now on Flickr!
How about consensual sex workers helping to stop trafficking?
Ah, but we don't exist, right?
i thought it was clever.
.
.
Hey, i i think you guys should REALLY interview !!
check him out!!
Last speaker of the day is Nancy Wing.
Topic is Civil War medical records.
world series!
I hear this often from customers.
RT : T1: Like everyone else, staff is pulled in so many directions, too much to do.
AAM2011 Online fever session: JHU students survey:  like online community tools.
1on1 communication was favorite aspect.
Okay.
Screw homework.
I'll be editingg.
:
No, no  your point is well taken.
There's Jackson, too.
Maybe someone else will swipe Thomas  is he tight w/Koenig?
yeah, just chill with your situation.
Time for another conference call with my hard working nabj board of directors.
bienvenue a Austin!
Eish nxa ya ne some church use word of God 2 mak money .pasters stop do wt is not gud 2 gain money tht is a SIN.
thanks for the follow!
I like the service.
STAY UP  TALK TO ME:
Taking a 10 week course in XHTML and it is surprisingly fun.
I have my coffee, croissant and newspaper.
Ready to start my day!
SHHHHHH!
the law forbids us to speak of it!
so I decided I'm going out tonight and I'd like you to join me :
thank you!
Are u still in LA
are you so kind as to single me out, when I am a foreigner?
11Boaz said in reply, I have been told of all that you did for Torah 37/
Attending The Future of Ebooks.
That awkward moment when your on the computer and your mom sits down next to you.
you pregnant?
Does the iPad still connect to other wifi sources?
If not sounds like it went pad, if so try purging and reentering settings.
Follow this And I'll follow every inch of you
last week is last week not today
well i can now go to bed happy :
not ripping the actual broadcast.
See my last couple tweets.
Making fun of them for looking miserable.
For Ruby to succeed it must succeed on Windows.
False.
NOVEMBER 29 Blues Alley  Spread the Word.
Ding, exportation is done!!
I miss you guys.
tell everyone I love them!
We are open until 10 to give you more time to sell your books!
Bring them to
That's great!
No it doesn't hurt and I am scheduled to get it fixed in July, it's no biggie.
TODAY IS GOING TO BE A GOOD DAY!!!
AND BY THE END OF THE WEEK...
IT COULD BE GREAT!!
Hell yea i move back west on tha first
Today's BTU inspiration: Tomorrow can never be today.
Amma
That was a very fun and interesting night ;
French music on a summer afternoon...
Too bad i have to work
If you mean 's event, yes!
Will do!
: RT : Are you going Mon?
I want to hear about it if u go :
will u come back to the wwe and kick  brocklesnar ass?
Happy Zombie Jesus Day!
He has risen.
And he wants braaaainnnnnnnssssssssss
Fooled twice on the same ball through.
Wake up!
o yea im supposed to be goin to check the mailbox twitter got me distracted lol
no problem!
ived near there for two years so let me know if you have questions!
the good thing about summer coming is no homework
How long does it take to put new rear brake pads on a Chevy Avalanche?
The answer is 3 hours and counting...
I guess I got exactly what you feel I deserved.
Now that that's resolved, I'd like to stop feeling like a fool if that's even possible.
anyone looking for a facebook design or a twitter design call this guy he did mine and wow its great and 129.00 is cheap, looks
lol it's def not like that
I miss my boo , come back to cbus soon
too bad Tibs did a horrible job of coaching tonight.
He let his team down with multiple bad decisions.
Humidity feels like I'm breathing in someone else's air...
Yeah but when you induce a ground ball, you kinda expect your D to have your back.
RT Greinke got himself in trouble, thanks.
: If you aren't suidical by the end of your music degree, then clearly, you didn't do it right.
justkidding
and chill cus ineeda bust ah mission and get yvettes chucks , buhh come tomorrow morning tho !
around 7 :
Mentally preparing for an 18 mile run with ...This marathon training is going fast!
Fair point if I actually thought his 5 out there was unintentional.
I may be overly generous guessing 95/5.
trying to find studies of how women treat each other for my paper  stuff on bladders and premature ejaculation show up...
you fail database
great job on WGN!
I am hugry.
oh my god I am so sorry!
If you need anything just let me know.
Sometime I ask the lord why me, why bless me.
Thank you for never giving up on me.
At the bottom?
Where are your priorities?
We appreciate our new followers!
:
RT It makes sense Charlie Sheen has joined twitter cuz he's a twit!
White people thing, yeah RT : lmfaoo did that really happen ?
City Chickens galleys are out for review, advance bound copies are at the publisher.
Can't wait to see the finished product!
Lunch special starts at 11!
5 Club Sandwich!
They really have the heat on, r they trying to get me to fall asleep
and thank you for yours!
You are great Magda!
Congrats!
Most popular mycrazyobsession post is Justin bieber..
I guess at least they're being honest.
Anyone who doesn't hold the door for someone who is behind them should be stoned to death.
People are such rude assholes.
Not much of a question to me.
Brown's job to lose.
RT :  Thoughts on Donald Brown vs.
Delone Carter in 2012?
I Just Feel Lost.
I'm Not Sure Where To Turn.
Goshh Darn This Is Tough 3 :/
RT i bet shes looking at u like this :' I know so to thanx
Thanks to Billboard Magazine  the Hollywood Reporter for an awesome filmtvconf this year.
Great panelists/hosts.
I'll be back next year!
: Cheating on someone is a choice, it doesn't 'just happen'.
I'm glad u said this, but do u think cheating is a mistake?
A ALISHA IM STILL TRYIN TO LEARN HOW TO USE TWITTER LOL AINT AS EASY AS FACEBOOK.
LOL
Working on my new house
I wanna see a zombie movie soo brutal, so freaking crazy, with brutal murders.
ahaha
Exactly, why do I need to sit through these revolting ads?
And they are gross.
It's not my problem.
LMAO I love messin w/ Genae....
she be so lost.!
Agreed RT Touring the festival circuit w/a film is 1 of the most rewarding experiences 4 an actor :
I wanna go to a bbq today
Life without facebook
RT : Makes sense for NHL'er to waitsee how early NFL concussion cases play out.
win by players could open floodgates
watching Paris, Texas now.
I couldn't resist putting in the BluRay after seeing all the tweets about it
On the hunt for a handbag!
Oklahoma lacks,
Confession: I actually really love music.
SPONTANEOUS HUG SOMEONE ..........NOW !!!!..doh...Guaranteed to make somebody look at U FUNNY :P
Oh Snape!
I'm on my way!
I guess you won the Super Bowl!
entirely too true, doctornkie.
And I will bring hammy over tomorrow evening for a little godfather time.
Heh.
: I think the sunshine did Truex's car in NASCAR
Glad to know you're here again, look forward to hearing more about what has been up to!
a lil' sampling of Yumbutter this Friday afternoon at Metcalfe's Market .
stop by for a snack and a hifive.
Nope.
Knew that since I was 4 years old.
: thingswelearnedontwitter: People are stupid, obviously.
Me too : I'm SO watching the NCIS marathon on USA network!
Fun
Hate working nights!
I never get to talk to my friends anymore and it seems they don't even miss me :
yo who took that weak ass avi bro?
if we're open about it, is it really a conspiracy?
Playing Phil Collin's In The Air Tonight in a mostly empty bowling alley on the jukebox
pitbull looks like he smells too....more like moldy cheese though
still upset over this Rangers game!
St.
Elmos for sure.
Best steak and the shrimp cocktail is legendary.
MNF crew always makes it a stop when they're here.
You make me feel so good....I always knew you would!!!
no prblem.
thanks for the info!
Just finished Thor.
It was amazing.
Wow.
Excited for the Avengers tomorrow.
Thanks for following!
Welcome!
Where you come from is not nearly as important as where you are going  Unknown
For Mother's Day I got my mother a card that said Happy Birthday, Dad.
She loved it.
hopefully on Saturday!!
They have it so easy!
Day 4 of Love in the Time of Monsters means psycho squirrels, golf carts and spoons.
Hey Maurice, thanks for the follow
btw, Pho43 isn't that great.
In fact, it's pretty bad.
I'm just hungry.
but i do feel better now.
It's as if no one knows their cellphones have a goddamn vibrate mode.
yes.
Did u rent it?
Ill bring the buttered salty popcorn, mister pibb, and twizzys.
You can use ur ab crunch while u consume.
Why they don't sale Jungle Juice's any more.
Tragic!
Tragic!
it is turning into a good game!
and CO is a beautiful state with great fishing and cycling.
Pretty weird I know, haha.
But its true.
:P Thanks twitter, LOL.
I finally got to add Birthmothers NewHampshire !
Sorry it took so long...
Se a few people unfriended me afterall.
I love the Red Sox but loathe the amount of traffic each one of their 80something home games creates.
Oh, and all those pink hat doctorvers.
News about upcoming projects coming soon!
Bout to be rollin round the city windows down MusicLoud who's with me?
Happy Good Friday and Opening Day everyone.
Fish Fry and baseball all day
: I'm searchin RITE NOW llab!!!
U gone love, shoot that azz straight 2 voicemail!
Anchoring tonight!
I'm sure you have plans on your Saturday night, but if not!
Watch at 11pm
Going to the lake with the family..
Two big shows going on this weekend.
Wilson at Kobo Live August 27th and The PopPunk showcase at Skully's Music Diner the 28th!
Come out!
Why do people walk around listening to their music through their phone speaker?
I'll send it to the right person and let you know.
Thanks!
Any Joomla developers out there looking for a 12 week project?
contact me asap
haha thanks for the support sarah ;
HEY WHO HAS INSTAGRAM?
FOLLOW ME
Hey, did you know you can just subscribe to on itunes and it will just show up on your itunes.
I didn't...
There has never been a better time to start.
Today is it.
What are you waiting for?
Go.
Yes, I'm there often.
doctorp me an email at .
Would love to chat.
oh yeah, thanks :
Following you back
I will beat up an old man in traffic !
Just turned over to Fox News...where's the Prop 8 coverage?
And I'm going on a fishing trip in Alaska soon, so amped!!
i want to go straight to your thighs
I love indie rock playlist!
nice.
nice.
nice.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?.
can I get a follow!
And a shout
Most homeswap websites that I have looked at have a feedback system, and members who have done multiple swaps over the years
WTF Chmura??!
Get out of the tub!!!
follow ya boi!
I move to LA tomorrow fam...i kno you in oakland though
Who does things like that in real life?
I do not feel studying
omg that's alot.
today's special is at 1000 per ounce.
Fresh :D
Hopefully we r biking today at swim!!:
Relationship Advice: if I will possess your heart  by DC4C is on your bf/gf mixtape non ironically that might be a warning sign
and I'm sorry, but I don't think you get to apologize after you make a jackass of yourself, and make it all better.
God help South Carolina.
Tonight is film night  SECCA  complete with popcorn.
Program starts at 6 pm.
More than 25 short mobile movies to be screened.
FREE.
this clip just made my day.
Kharma does it exist  thanks for spreading the good the kharma.
thanks:ha the dolls smilingmy little sayswhy is she happy that shes getting taken?so she put a paper sad face on her mouth
We're building the Andoctorid as we speak!
We'll be sure to keep you posted on the release date.
I was just told that I accidentally unfollowed he is the best follower
Awesome showcase last night to end the Acting for Horror Films class I was taking.
Apparently my scene partner and I have great chemistry!
Yesterday I stood in line while the clerk had a long conversation w/ a customer.
10 ppl in line.
Really?
STAR Next Week !
:O Theen Mock Algebra I On wednessday!
Just Glaad To Know My Teach ,from thiss years Goin to HS with Us!
:D HYFR !
yes!
I'm hoping to be done with this doctorft before my wedding in June ...
I think i might be a bit insane.
KDs shoes are going to blow up when he wins a championship
a very smart woman once told me that I use my intelligence like a weapon.
she meant it as a warning, but I think she encouraged me instead.
Tim Tebow wins again!
Oh and Evan Mayse is the biggest closet Tebow hater.
TEBOW TebowTime 
New professorle picture !
From like October with Jess , I look so different now !
Darker hair and braces ,:
too personal my fault
Just started grading a term paper on modernist magazines written in French and spanning 40 pages...
single spaced.
Hey Julia  all ur friends...
'The People are the Only Sure Reliance for the Preservation of our Liberty' Thomas Jefferson
It was fun : What are you up to Geoff?
are we all Kohl's shoppers?
get ready for higher quality merchandise because their sourcing costs are set to fall 57 this year
You're welcome, Jason.
TY for the retweets.
Spent half an hour working with a student on thesis writing.
Victory moment  The 5paragraph format lied to me!
Enjoyed your talk.
Don't sweat it :
RIP Gary Carter.
Thanks for inspiring me to start my baseball career as a catcher
Last day of classes before spring break!
Anyone already started?
What are your plans?
So the Secret Service agent who follows Obama's dog and clean up its crap isn't allowed to have more than one doctornk a week?
Has mubb hit a jump shot tonight?
Show Tomorrow In Upland :
wus up with you
idk.
You scared up there by yourself?
FamilyMovieNight with the original Willy Wonka.
Forgot how much busyness there was before Gene Wilder shows up.
much applause for the work you are doing to
thanks for the info
Even the army of standard beauty are not happy individuals.
That fine line between working hard and spacing out...that's writing a story.
sometimes i wish i was gay so i had better fashion sense haha just kidding i never wish that
when my mom left her old job, they finally stopped needing the armoured car to come empty the cuss cup every night
Tonight we go see some CLE rock and roll at the for the Roosavelt CD Release concert!
Lolz :D RT : how many hospitals are even aware of the letter..
of MU2 for that matter...
thanks so much looking forward to the results.
I'll be there.
Has anyone been to a Spring Training game yet?
Tell us how it was!
where exactly is the protest?
I've seen evidence of this retirement party
POTUS  President of The United States in twitterville.
is making jazz at the Woodstock Jazz Fest with the Roger Panella Trio tonight.
9pm.
O'Leary's Pub.
Frank Parker on doctorms.
Find the Victory in Defeat!
A real live Bobcat  Charlotte Bobcats
all girls should feel beautiful.
a real man knows to treat a lady like a queen.
ur happiness comes from theirs.
step up fellas.
hit me up for presale!!
October 15th  Area 702 The Ghost Inside, First Blood, Deez Nuts, A Loss For Words, Hundoctordth, Kill The Masses?
Don't forget me insulting random guys...lol
I wanna see night two, of course.
why does he still exist?
Do you consider learning to read piano notes first before playing hands on?
I miss seeing mi primo all the time and chillin with him
Oh no!
sorry to hear!
But I saw lots of East Coasters leaving for the airport at 4.30.
agree...
Already heading there
That I'm a little confused on who I am
Oh the irony!
Overhearing vendors mock librarians on the exhibit floor.
No problem biting the hand that feeds, I see.
Either road rage is a pregnancy symptom or for the past 2 days the roads have been filled with idiots.
What is going on?
People who deny evolution never understand what the theory of evolution is.
For ships a mere reef, for us an immense cavern
Ephesians 3:19.
Love is not informational, it's relational.
woke up super late today!
Biology students get their turn today showing research.
Its poster mania in Union South.
Whats the best project title?
lol She probably doesn't care.
None of them.
If so, they'd act better.
Today we welcome 30 prospective students to for the secondtolast Inviso visit weekend of the year!
Follow me33
Sounds yum!
RT Woke up late no time to make a green smoothie.
Having this pineapple cucumber juice for breakfast so yum!
The Jammie Dodgers have been secured.
Also, Toffee Dodgers.
Man I love not sleeping.
No, wait...
the other thing.
Eww I think this girl is wearing a thong.
That's why it looks like she has a wedgie every day.
Girl you must put yo shoes on before yo socks, Smh must
The heat beat the kincks and now have a 20 series lead.
Lebron NBA regular season MVP.
And will be playoffs MVP and 2012 NBA champion!!!!!
The PGA show is just around the corner, be sure to check out Swing Advantage Golf!
We are headed to the KC Design Battle tonight.
I can't wait to see what kind of weapons they bring to design a bunny.
nunchucks?
gun?
Quizno's: Tastes delicious  Smells of processed meats  generic bathroom cleanerYou're left cold  alone listening to Celine Dion.
i hate school .
atleast therres only a couple weeks left
I'm sure gonna try.
It's the day that sets the week!
Oh, interesting!
I've only seen two episodes so far.
Spurs are winning.
No doubt.
Guess what i'm doing tonight?...
babysitting 
Email or call 6178990028 to place your orders.
For some reason, this whimsical Monday has left me wishing I could watch LILO  stitch before I fall asleep.
doctoraming of the beach.
i am feeling mean, inconsiderate, and pushy right now.
Yep I always enjoy being in his class every time.
Purple and Pink : how bout u?
very cool!
Then text me cause I must have the wrong number.
L
Sold off amazon at 203.
Took a loss, but screw it, I'm learning
So pumped for boot camp tomorrow
He fell asleep but had heart to heart Convo 3 3 3
finish strong!
Can't wait I graduate 1 month from today.
Gonna get crazy
Just on the grind man, whats the good word?
We love you Green Grocer for sponsoring our afterschool program with fresh fruits and veggies!
that's why you love mee;
sadly that wouldn't surprise me.
Something should be done with it though.
Since Reliant went up there isn't much call for it
Real Simple mag listed PDX as the 2nd most timeefficient city in the country.
2nd only to Seattle, must be all that coffee up there!
oh yay!!
Not a solid date yet, but I will of course update everyone along the way!
:
appalled that you a misleading people with lies and political rhetoric
Philly niggas aint the same, stay in your lane.
ha!
Thought the same at Qdoba
Thank you!!
Wouldn't it be rude of me to point it out?
It's not overt, it's just harsh.
foster the people doing wouldn't it be nice?
i love this song, but not performed by these clowns
'American Idol' In 60 Seconds: Scotty And Lauren Sing To The End
Sex is great but making love to that special someone is priceless!
gimme one!
Everyone looked pretty today!
ThingsThatIWantToHappen become rich, have a big house, gorgeous family and a big car
What man's mind can create, man's character can control.
Thomas Edison
: The average Internet user visits 99 website per month.
contentnow probably about right
Thank you all for your support we gained another 100 followers last night!!!!
DFW natives look for on the road!!!
haaha that doesn't make sense..
NBA.
Kyrie Irving  il Rookie of the Year 2012.
Upcoming train reading: How Young Ladies Became Girls, Jane H.
Hunter
watching white chicks lol
Jury has case in Perrish Cox trial.
If chipotle delivered at all hour of the day, my lifes problems would go away.
People who move to LA and get apartments in North Hollywood must be really disappointed.
Jansen bachelorette party where are you?
Seriously, someone needs to tell Firaxis that too many achievements is TOO FUCKING MANY achievements
I feel you bro, just take it 1 day at a time 4 now...no need 2 rush into anything unless you know it's gonna be a good look 4 sure
Going home .
Be back when I wake up from my doctorams.
Home from the gym some cod with the my boy than bed !
Back to back training and gym tomorrow.
Lisa Gill has notes on her hand.
Haha!
Let's Go Bubba!!!!
Extra Innings!!
IfWeWereTogetherRightNow I'd have everything I want and need and I wouldn't let you go 3
wtf is that.
where's the free bowling?
Saw avengers again
This place is less than a mile  I'm so exited for my lack of a commute!
Goodnight Liz : I hope your mommy and you had a wonderful day today  love you so very much 3 sweet doctorams darling.
I guess Ann Romney with her army of servants and fleet of Cadilacs doesn't need the dignity of work like Mitt thinks poor mothers do.
So you're sponsoring the first round at TBWII?
there is an amaZing afternoon downpour Storm happening right now in Miami with lots of thunder and cero visibility uff!
RG3 band wagon for life.
No worries.
I checked on what you used way back and I knew what I used for the St.
Patty's day post.
mailing list in my mind means technical discussion list.
newsletter  customers.
those are calls to action.
ITS GOING DOWN TONIGHT AT PILLOW TALK FOR mister MAGNIFICENT'S B DAY FREE doctorNKS FROM 1011.
THIS IS GONNA BE A PARTY YOU DON'T WANT TO MISS
hope you follow backk:
Let's do this!
Go Hogs!!!
See, I never got into GCB.
But Scandal?
Love it!
LOL!
as says: JUST DO IT!
RT : hehe you are right.
Good!
The more people know the less I'll think...
3WordsForYou Follow me please
52 mph gusts at ABQ now...
Free pink cupcake and a bubblegum raspa.
The weekend eating started as soon as that bell rang.
:D
haha I love it!
Our clowns need to get together and play sometime.
Playing at the Saxon Pub on 3/4  Dad gets inducted into the TX Heritage Songwriters' Hall of Fame on 3/6!
Plan a trip to Austin y'all!
lol ok, we'll just play to learn.
Please welcome RH3AHr3l7 to the Max life
Yhe.
Search for Debby Ryan.
She's the one that got 400k fans :
The way he's been playing since the AS break...I can.
He's an allstar and playing like the 3rd/4th best player at times.
Bck Home From Tha Game Cant Wait Till The Playoffs im at every grizzlies home game vs clippers
I pushed out 5 kids, I can do this.
Moving lady delivering my Ikea furniture.
I love you sister !
Where are they after that?!
USC quarterback Matt Barkley has a big decision to make
Want FREE TICKETS to tomorrow's bout?
RT and include a link to your Yelp professorle, easy peasy!
No.
Haha I just like Gold Coast bc Cody is from there:
hello there my loves :
whats good yngsquad lets do this!!!!!
Starting a new wood floor tear out.
Then maple wood install.
Many thanks for your contribution!
Hopefully we will start a constructive discussion.
So glad I got switched to the morning shift!
omg I love that list you added me to!
Imma try that lil phone kiosk in the mall and see what they say.
Gotta love the Luna call ins....some chick just called sexy
Well they'd appreciate what you do.
They just wouldn't get the decor.
Hoping for a Las Vegas Wrangler win tonight on Las Vegas's 107 biirthday
I vote for BBQ!
I wish this for my kids but them being so young and being into girls and junk...how do us as a parent motivate them to move higher?

nah.
I'm no prize.
watching beinghuman is so freakin cute!
Caroline is on the fence so if you want to see the Met do Wagner at the western theatre I have an extra ticket.
6 hours!
In the dark!
btw this is my new name.
Went from Laners83 to AlmostThirtyGal.
Needed a change lol
duhh , but i want some noodles :
look at you!
All twitterfied!
:
Thanks, !
Kyle had a blast at the fundoctoriser.
He's a sweetie!
Huzzah.
Saw which misspelled on a memo today as witch and wanted to squee!
Complete awesomesauce.
I just voted for Ward 5 council member!
I think this team is definitely talented enough to make a run, especially by March.
In Cal we trust.
That travel coffee mug you got me for Christmas is great!
Maybe I should change my Twitter handle.
; Thank you, Juli!
xoxo
EVERYONE Follow my buddy
Hopefully he doesn't have Twitter....or hopefully he does?
i guess i gotta go to walmart then and buy some cool
Survived the plane ride...lots of meds does the trick.
well, I guess I'm going to defrost my windows and heat up the van
Nordstrand pickups are very very good!...check them out!
the big singles  are fantastic!
any man can get a million girls anyday But it takes a real man 2 love 1 girl a million ways!
twitter .
com / ALESSAISRED !!!
I was the previous years but my panel got cancelled last year.
But I still speak all the time!
lol
Welcome to Twitter.
You've joined the rest of us twats.
;
Foo fighters live stream free on iTunes?
Yes please!
Holy shit man you guys are really good!!
Everyone NEEDS to check out his band, like right now DOIT!
worthcheckingout!!
You say Friends like it was the gold standard on comedy.
Please be kidding.
going to the beach after work for the weekend!
So I'm stoked!!!!
:AR Har....Tricked 'em: this will change
Wow, my son just called from Indianapolis and they were locked down in Walmart last night due to a robbery going on.
Kinda scary.
The Sanders are abt to convene for a major, lifechanging announcement: We're adding a new member to our fam tomorrow  HERE...Kitty Kitty!
Great meeting you yesterday!
One of these days I'll be sure to pair us up in a tourney!
calling for revolution without violence in Mexico
eyo i copped that program
Ridunkulous.
Yeah, I know.
But it was apropos.
RT : Anthony Davis had a 3.7 GPA this past semester
So happy for my friends like good things happen to extraordinary people!
It's FRIDAY!
Hope it's Terrible.
www.terriblepeopleshow.com
thanks for keeping us in the light.
indeed.
how was Dentist?
Great shot.
Keep up the good work.
you know you churchy when you practice your shout
say Hello to Aaron Tevis please from a Boise State Saints fan!!
irony at its fullest
I am still not over 's new music video.
Love Say Anything, love stopmotion.
What's not to be excited about?
should have read great work, old man.
Landis told me...
Bill's not on twitter, but I could get in trouble calling him Old Man Landis.
In the process of submitting my Zombie Kid Book There's a Human in My Closet to Kindle Direct Publishing
AWESOME!!!
I ate there almost every other day RT : WowwwFive guys!
Finally!
How was it?
Are Airsoft Guns Thought Of Toys?
News and Society Tips
I'll send it 2 you hold on
nah I tried to hit reply and hit unfollow and which point I cussed and followed you again :
: thanks so much for the follow of course!
Romeo and juliet!
its real short.
I look like kyle jones statue
Its windy outside!
Goodness!
TY for including me in EmployeeAtty News!
RT : Happy 18th Birthday now you really can
of course!
well talkin to u
SCARY STORIES TO TELL IN THE DARK
Line doctorve up the middle BASE HIT FOR ROBIDOUX!
Braggs scores, Brock will stop at 2nd and the Brewers lead 64!
WOW!
well good luck..
I have tried the dating scene..
All it got me was a headache and crabs..
Crabs I fixed..
I think
Holy crap
Enjoying the last full Sunday I'll have in a while with my three favorite people...
My Windows Phone is now running Mango, so sweet.
yes I love it.
Thank you for the link sir!
I'll queue that now!
Simon Says is a boss...
End of the show :
Doing lots of work on Hazel  Haverly right now but don't worry  there's new attagirl to come!
What a great season.
11 days without rain!
Can't wait till next year.
still jealous!
I cannot stand to hear joe liebermann doctorne on  on in his monotone, makes me want to scream.
Where's the Duct Tape??
After this year of AP Euro I feel so ready to dominate next year's APUSH exam.
What is wrong with you???
CAN HARDLY WAIT FOR NEXT SEASON TO GET HERE!!!
GO BIG BLUE!!!!
Sorry, no games.
Oneeyed, onehorned, flying.
My family has is on a vintage jukebox.
Unbelievable Service Magic listing my company info with their local phone number on the web a year after canceling service stealing business
I wanna go home now
I am going to text his ass his whole trip down here tomorrow ha ha ha
RT : We live in exciting times, gang.
Yes!
So many ways to make a difference, lead, succeed!
why r some ppl selfish, and only care about themself, its a huge world,, there r other ppl in it, beside u......
Car problems stress me out.
The best thing you can do for arthritis pain is Pharmaceutical Grade Fish Oil!
Start with 4000 mg!
www.5StarFishOil.com
Don't fall in love with the memories, things will never be the same
that's next on my list!
No YOU are welcome!
Understandable, leave your order on the site!
the movie did the best it could to captainre most of the detail of the book.
So props to the cast.
Switzerland will never be neutral again.
We won't be able to say I'm Switzerland during a heated discussion.
Whoever thinks yelling SPRING JAM!!
and partaking in its festivities isn't meant for 25 year olds is probably right IDontCare SPRINGJAM!!!
Afternoon workout at this great Brooklyn old school gym.
Thank you.
Why do anorexic people actually stop eating?
Like that's the worst thing in the world, i can't just stop eating because i want to, like no.
Saw 23 indyfringe shows!
Ended with Slammed which was pretty incredible.
In awe of young talent.
So many good shows I couldn't pick a fav.
Just got my 4 VIP tickets to SourceDC in the mail, my winning bid from silent auction.
Looking forward to it!!
Nothing on TV.
Guess I'll pop in this Pulp Fiction Bluray that I bought Black Friday and just opened.
I thought it was 21?
beat wishes to you on your death date dear sir.
82 years.
Seems like yesterday.
What a professorle!
He's beautiful.
I'm gonna get me a baby to love...
a little girl and I'm gonna name her Etta James Victorian Princess.
Ans she will be fabulous!!
lovin my aries sweater.
wish i could find the ss venture online though.
so ill...
ZOMBIE PARTY saturday.
come doctorssed as a zombie and get a zombie movie dvd.
zombie doctornk specials.
mahalo
Thanks I received your email.
Following you now, please follow back!
We would love to open for them again though!
Artist MSGCSB for
I want to cry vern, I'm can't be aaaaaaarsed:'
I just saw highlights of HarlemGlobetrotters at Verizon.
Our own playing!
Takes a shot from downtown!
Video on News4 at 6.
for a second, i thought that was my wall cause i took the same pic and i have the same color wall!
lol
Have you seen any cool pregame day celeb use in Dallas?
or weather keeping everyone in their hotels?
have you ever felt completely defeated, when everyone else thinks you're great?
I'll ride with my team to the wheels fall off.
Not worried about this lost at all.
We'll come back.
nigga don't not text me lmao
jay at popgh dot com
hey Z!
Damn, I just learned that one chick's cow didn't start The Great Chicago Fire.
The lies I were told...
OKS and other MLPs have been left for dead.
keep a watch.
these are to be bought low when nobody wants them.
smackdown was pretty good tonight..
Ha Ha I.T.
Guy...I am a Genius...You Can't Take My MTO Away..LOL!
:
Finding a way to get out of cloudy Sunday afternoon's ennui.
Only need 66 more followers before I tell everyone who I saw for my first concert!
If that was my luck there would be a small patch left xD
Favion/sidebar are the only differences, I see between pack 1 and 2.
Am I missing anything?
THANKS Again!
:
GT Capital IPO Seeks 505 Million  Wall Street Journal
So, what yummy New Orleans treat can I bring back to share with colleagues?
Beignets don't travel well.
:
: Because i know it wont last.
LestBeHonest.
....
Your an ass :
25 daysstill have intermittent signal even with new modem, executive appeals  customer svc calls, and tech visits
The only way to do it!
RT : Jamming some to get ready for st pats
my old roommate was once shot in the ass by her boyfriend.
they claimed it was a doctorveby  insurance totally covered it.
ya bro!
I'll be staring at you
Con mi boyfriend.
u free cause I'm in the study hall on the opposite side we use to be on come find me
I cant wait till i get married so i wont have to sleep alone in a dark room.
Correct.
RT : A court ruling in Boston stated that a sandwich 'must include at least 2 slices of bread.'
I just signed up for ...Movin' on up!
Perry: As president, I will publicly behead one scientist per week
Got my first Grande Soy Iced Vanilla Latte of the summer!
I want that and 2 Doritos tacos
lol its okay n i was lyin abt yo ugly avi that mfr look like a doctorg queen wit make up lol jp well nt abt the doctorg queen part
They tell you to be yourself, then they judge you.
Sometimes Cherry Coke is what makes life worth living!
When grown jounos call a nonrelative Uncle Toni
Tabs easier in IDE.
Adjust width to what want and only 1 keypress to remove.
Use formatter or hooks on commit to replace.
ReplaceAWordInAMovieWithTits Tits on Elm Street.
LOL
they look out matched.
I'm a fan and I think it'll be competitive but MAN!
I never imagined reading Beastie Boys and existential in the same sentence.
When we think we're all moving forward ppl keep remindn us we're only THINKN!
:
Just saw the most sexiest lite brite ever!!!
And I've seen him 2 days in a row!!!!
I could die happy now!!!
Hey!
Your cute ;
We might be 80s/90s soul mates For realz.
thank you...
I feel as though this teacher knows I respect them, I think he started soft.
I am trying to not just step in...
im sorry i know that chris brown hit rihanna but he is still sexy and i still want him in my pants!
how do you not think his voice is sexy?
Great to hear the perspective on edtech and how to target parents  teachers
nice to be missed.
It was great to see you.
See you tomorrow no doubt.
Nice jacket :D
Star Struck: Super excited to interview the stunning Christie Brinkley!
What would you like to ask her, as she heads to town for Chicago?
Just taught how to make gnocchi from scratch.
I think he's an honorary Italian now.
ITS NO FUN DOE, ALGEBRA 2 WILL BE THE DEATH OF ME
way to go Rosie.
OH: OK, I'm hallucinating now, I definitely just saw a ceiling fan.
HEAD POUNDING SUPER HARD WISH MY FRIEND WAS HERE I REALLY NEED TO HER!!!...
I've been more successful than Vic Morrow.
I've now had almost 7 more years of beer doctornking than himwithout a helicopter falling on me.
Did you hear my complaints on twitter mention?
Watching the 5pm UPW Metras tomorrow afternoon once again.
Thought about doing so today, but changed my mind.
Body is exhausted!
Gonna have to get all super saiyan to get through this workout.
Almost CINCO!!!
Damn high as shit right now double d
Already ahead of you.
Created opening week a few weeks back.
I don't play with art  network opportunities!
Thanks though.
:
For the first 10 people at the party tomorrow night we'll be giving away some prizes!
I can't but wait!
who all getting thaT MW3 IN A COUPLE OF DAYS I KNO I IM IF U WANTTO GET DOWN NAME IS TWEEZY6
Starting Friday AM w/an all staff meeting and yummy squagels from wonder which squagels  will pick...
Except for that stupid song they did with Charlie's mom in the middle of the film.
That was really dumb.
Let's go flyers!
Are you getting down to business in ur biz or busyness?
Can't do everythingfocus on strategic actions that bring real clients
Everyone's complaining about how they got woken up by a thunderstorm, but I got woken up by the birds that came out when it was over ..
Madonna just gave an education on how to put on a show!
Gaga, Britney, et al, they're all students to Her Madgesty the Queen!
update please!
hm...
i'm thinking gymflow later on with the bestie :
Happy FF Everyone!
Where will this giraffe tattoo go?
i'm sorry courtney i was not thinking at the time lol
If you're up at midnight Central, I'll be talking Emmys w/Steve and Johnnie on Chicago's WGNAM.
had a lovely night with my sweetness and meeting his great family.
Hey r you ok????????
I herd u were in hospital
are you planning on going back to LA at all this year?
same here.
imma try now.
:P get some rest!
if he's not the 1, he could be worth it.
unfortunately, thats 1 money and he's not a
Putting the final touches on the 2012 apufringe application.
Stay tuned  Pass the word.
Surfing is good for the soul, worries seems to doctorft away as you scan the horizon for the next wave.
With what we now know about RBIs, this is actually a bad thing.
RT Jason Heyward amazing AB.
3 run double after 11 pitches.
The company is a division of farmers insurance they had bought it a few yrs ago.
Moving to Apple Vintage in June 2012: MacBook, MacBook Pro, MacBook Pro
will be modeling for the designer's lounge in the masksymas fashion show at the launchpad tonight.
Zeus was a dick.
Mtis was much too good for him.
Pity he thwarted the prophecy that her second child would overthrow him.
Listening to when you're NOT counting money is really lame.
With 3 of my grandchildoctorn and preparing to preach for my son in Lexingtonbeautiful day in KY!
Shareable part: I am patient  relentless.Lol at before you turn 50.
I've wanted to do this for the past 6 years so...
He'll never know how much those few words meant to me.
working hard now so we can hardly work later
Lmao thank u
glad ya liked it bro.
dont worry i got an album full of songs that are gonna take over.
all in good time my friend
6 am flight looked good on paper.
It is possible, even though it isn't happening now.
I never sleep cause sleep is the cousin of death
but isnt that the style nowadays?
Crazy kids.
She ain't worth a pretty penny.....
IF YOUR  MCDANIEL 2NYT STOP BY THE CLUB ROOM...
Bless the child who has his own!!!!!!
Does doctor cleaning remove cat pee?
And if so, how many years' worth.
Ah, Saturdays.
actually watching spongebob so i don't have to do my homework...
procrastination at it's finest :
I'm buying a solo ticket.
Screw youz!
ever notice how dying is at the end of studying
Austin by has never been more personal to me until now...
Off to salsa practice  really enjoying shedding these new tunes and learning the grooves.
The desire to dance is undeniable!
hahaha yup!
The fast food!
You guys probably have so much diversity in food from all the countries you used to own.
oh me too!
I'm so behind!
: OH HELL YEAH!!!!!
DALLAS MAVERICKS WORLD CHAMPIONS!!!!!!!!!!!!
AND THAT'S THE BOTTOM LINE!!!!!!
You might have seen CJ Huang's whimsical robotic creatures in The Bright Beneath exhibit last fall He speaks tomorrow at DASER!
love it.
Thanks : Dang a girl that likes black ops :O
Guess I'm not running tonight since I have no one to go with me.
Back home for the night bringin doctornks to the movie theater
To be honest, I doubt I have any REAL friends.
I love that you love Parks and Rec
Agreed!
We're lucky this year both Cinco and St Pattys on Saturdays!
TURN BACK!
TURN BACK!
U said to the windows so i was meant it as like laughing at it but nevermind.
S/O to my new followers , and
Yes that's me!!!
I am so happy THANK YOU !!!
rain delay top of 4th
A beer and charcuterie pairing event tonight!
RT : What's everyone doing to celebrate American Craft Beer Week?
RT  3 Sonorans cancelled by Tucson Citizen after TUSD Daily Show!
EMAIL NOW!!!
Mark Evans
Knew it was going to be a great day right from the start.
:
one of my favorite Sparks songs
Happy thanksgiving world!
May your bellies be full!
Yeah im a piece of shit
sfeng252: Final exam grades have been posted to the Blackboard Grade Center.
GE Capital Provides 70 Million AssetBased Credit Facility for Le Chteau
Happy new Year !
1432 AH
I stopped using Instagram because I have two friends that will NOT stop thinking their celebrities
Happy late birthday
Always do your best.
What you plant now, you will harvest later.
thanks Mark for RT have a great week
Desire333 omg i know i havn't been on at all lately stupid school : how have you been?
:D
Next time we film Thursday May 24thCheck your schedule when you get a chance Thx
New song is up!
Check it out www.myspace.com/historyrepeatsband NothingChanges RT
Watched RGIII pro day yesterday getting ready to watch Luck, any chance Colts take RGIII over Luck.
We added up our assets and there were none, Obama on when he and Michelle got married.
Says they just paid off student loans 8 yrs ago.
teen wolf is trending : such a nerd I am.
Hi Michael.
I am an estate planning, bankruptcy attorney and have a credit repair business in San Diego.
Shall we connect?
Falling in love with you is the 2nd best thing in the world.
Finding you was the 1st.
false again
how can they even..how is that even..eh oh I can't I can't.
Smh
There is nothing you can do about the past.
But the future?
That's a different story...
Loving all of these morning after tweets you all entertain me so much
Cody is sexy and Angels know it ;
OH MY NO STAR TREK WAKE UP CALL?
THIS IS A TRUE TRAGEDY.
I needed that Firefighters Pizza and Manny's Pale Ale.
M infocamp!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
Gen X Asians seek parenting advice online.
Reason I started my blog
no not all
abby, im lovin' the carriage for ya dog.
Somehow nvm i just hate myself, i just fuck shit up
thanks for the tweet!
Also gotta say wrote the piece and he's a proud father of another alum.
Lol sometimes my life is like a movie.
The quirky, ironic moments are what I love :
Yo, did u do that song Harmonia?
Lil Wayne: fuck bitches get money Pierce The Veil: fuck money we want love
Great play by everyone tonight Tyson Chandler, Shawn Marion, Jason Terry, JJ Barea, and of course, finals MVP DIRRRKK Norwitzki!!!
I love cups all sorts, but this is the record for how many I'm bringing home from a trip: 7 so far  must be that influential tea culture...
Feel better!
In other news, are you going to Rob's for Easter?
If so, would I get to see you at all that weekend if I come home?
I still have to do homework ...
It's trending so....I get hard nipples...a LOT...
what do u mean??..I'm not deleting anyone..
The number 33 jersey has been retired by the New York Knicks, belonging to center Patrick Ewing.
Getting ready to learn the secrets of worklife balance w/ , Melanie Keller and Bryce Freeman...countdown is on!
thank you!
where's your blogspot?
Celtics forward Kevin Garnett is the leading scorer at halftime with 14 points
Thanks for another chance to help people be more productive!
yeah your right..
Tweeps!
We want to hear your opinion!
Head over to www.iheartradio.com to view our new BETA player.
Heart it?
Hate it?
You be the judge.
: I'm tired denabitch didn't find a aderalli love adderall good for everything ask
im wait for you to text me first again .
I am your biggest fan in Maryland.
Please follow me and I will love you forever.
XOXOXO
Yo , TELL HAPPY BIRTHDAY PLEASE?
3
don't tempt me...
Our shirt giveaway has begun.
first person to reply with the correct answer to the trivia question tweet wins.
Good luck.
bessfrien should really txt me like right now lol
I've told this boy 100 times not to use so much damn Toilet Paper!!!
SMDH
I hope your throat feels better soon!
Thank you again for all you do!!!
VoteHope.
U rock!'!!
All votes for u!!
I swear, everyday when I get home from school I get a headachee 
Happy Easter!
Beards.
The best thing since sliced bread.
love you.
how are ya?
wiunion May Day!
Have your childern make a baskets of flowers for your neighbors, or food if they need some.
Walker's Poor
I'm just gonna keep tweeting, 'cause this teacher is annoying 'af.
sure is :
Looks like we need to get back!
: Title: Pizza is not pay!
believe what they do, not what they say.
and even if it is a live link, it still puts the responsibility on the reader to verify the source and not the writer.
Congrats George!
RT : Winner of best investor of the year USA is George Zachary of Charles River Ventures.
Watching Looney Tunes3 ah brings back great childhoodmemories :D
If anyone makes their own Vinyl Decals, signs...ect...
Check out our vinyl material strips on r website.Also great for the Cricut machines.
Did anyone see the jolly blimp?
nowplaying  I Give Myself Away  William McDowell
ACADEMY, n.
A place of study for those who lack entrepreneurial gifts.
Also, an excellent tax writeoff.
that pretty good haha
omg hahaha idk where she went
nobody likes you, love your best friend ever!
My passport is ready and waiting!
Need a place in Ithaca from June 15August 1 for a family of three plus one cat...
Ideas?
The big tuna needs to go away forever.
Who's with me?
You know that you are an adult when you are excited about going to work on a Monday.
:
Beyond Heaven, Federal Gov,  multi national corporations, Uber wealthy ppl pull the current Republican leadership like puppets on a string.
Keep a look out for my later insane tweets By The Way IMA BANANA :D
I also have designs to create a kiddie super PAC for young readers to get into politics.
I'd call it POWER PAC.
My Geography grade :
hey its my doctoram!
Sorry Cena, but you're a dead man.....
just like Nash, Malone, Iverson, Barkley, and Rose.
Think about positives said about Barkley  Malone too much hate for LBJ
its a conspiracy dammit
Yep!
: Obama u created a war on whites with a fake war on blacks, a WarOnMoms w/a fake WarOnWomen what's left?
Vegetarians?
It would!!!
Seriously?
You'll be there forever...
Tea Party candidate Rand Paul may have taken KY, but in many other states it's not too late!
Get out and vote while you still can!
RT U don have to like me...im ok with that
lol not true but thank you
I have all the money I'll ever need  if I die by 4:00 p.m.
today.
Blessed are the flexible, for they shall not be bent out of shape.
Author Unknown
Who ever controls this twitter is a complete idiot.
Admit it.
Youre waiting for something you know wont happen.
I'm done letting you fuck with my head.
mothers day  my mother and kamilula are in a fight and they are here !i wanna leavei don't wanna see where this is goingtoend
Cheesecake factory!!
I need food 
Wish I could b woke up by tht
Turning our haikus into movement tonight.
Spring time: cherry trees /bloom, inspire dance, music.
/ But it is fleeting.
Haha really!?
What happened!?
just who is Hannibal Lecter anyways.
Wasn't that decades ago?
YUM!
Thank you Yooneroos :
this was on conan?
i missed it.
ill eagerly await for you to post it.
You're getting the same screen from your desktop computer?
Do u see a link to Explore in the top left?
Can u send a screenshot?
did you eventually get chili fries?
Take a tour of our International Newsroom, Skype room and rich media cluster on January 20 from 10am6pm during our Winter Welcome Wed.
Set a goal that absolutely terrifies you...
Getting music off iTunes!
Amazing rescue!
field trip!
No actually, it's amazing.
Definitely go!
U lose from 130205 calories roller skating......hm.....so why not bring the whole family to our Beginning Of Summer Skate Party?
We all need to realize that we all make mistakes.no one is perfect.
ha!
I'm convinced that if my dept raced together, we would all get along famously or duke it out on the course ;
Misfits and brats
I only played about 5 minutes of a show.
I already had a low battery and didn't want to completely doctorin my battery.
Flagship Hotel, which stands out into the water is intact.
I have an autistic brother waiting at Powell St.
BART station trying to get home.
Worried.
depending on whether I send the ticket probably around 75.
I paid about 68 for it
No you are not........and shame on anyone who would say you are a lousy friend hon...
oh to be young again and back in school.
Here at Stanford.
I am upset that the jazz in this area in not being supported!
our friends  FOC are doing psych study  looking 4 stage 4 liver cancer or stomach cancer pts/CG's
Too true!
Wow!
Same to youp.
Which is way past bedtime on my end lol.
I debate whether Joker is the paradoxical savior of Gotham.
Snarky report on my own derivation.
Joker effect debunked.
Realtor pals: Need residential rental property in JMS dist pref 4 bdoctor, will consider 3.
All leads appreciated!
im trying my nigga
naaaa stopping in ATL and IND at my relatives places.
thanks for the info.
The thrift store had that one nes game and I never heard of it so I hope it was cool to ask you.
Peace!
see also, I've been googling for an hour  still no answers
RT : Gadaffi....
Look..
up in the sky...
is it a bird, is it a plane?
Why yes, it's lots of planes over Libya .
Adios, Pendejo
Looks like a nice day to buy The ToyMaker tickets www.nymf.org/thetoymaker
anyone on that jet blue plane on twitter right now??
RT : The IRS is the worst organization in the history of the world.
Why don't you start letting people chat with you or something!...
dinosaur plums are both delicious and possessing of an awesome name.
If you are a writer follow !!!
she's got it!
Forget Groupon today.
Just had Half price special  DeMarco's.
Great Risotto with shrimp and asparagus.
who's seen harry potter?
Is it worth seeing?
ya I added the pic to that tweet...
Lol
You can kiss me;
I meant like presentation wise lol.
Like how does it look?
im coming home today: LA to NY, later sc its been real but time for
inside of either yet!
I'm rooming with my friend and her two friends also!
Tweeps: looking for expert who can discuss CTE  head trauma on my radio show today.
Any suggestions?
Reply 2
Awesome.
Is taking one too?
Also if you're going to take a history class Bruce Thompson is amazing.
Such is life for a San Diego sports fan.
At least we can doctorwn our sorrows in Halloween candy tonight.
We're going to rock the heating and air conditioning industry as you know it starting January 1st ...
stay tuned!
So glad I have a treadmill in my house.
You just make me all warm inside c:
It's a Randy Rogers kinda night
Chi talking about providing computational access, not read access, to primary content.
Googlesque.
MorgAllen's got a few funny things for you up his sleeve
Who has a kik?
IT'S RAINING!
:D
Little justin bieber has been stuck in my head ALL day, please leave now
what did you get surgery on?
getbetter at it
Poised Creation has gone through the ups and downs!
Thanks for being there!
Live like Jesus.
Love like Jesus.
Newt, you're DONE.
No viability.
No base.
Your just not relevant to the American people.
in
I think doctornking coffee on an empty stomach this morning was a bad idea.
I just felt the coffee sucker punch me with caffeine jitters.
RT Hey ya'll HEY, GIRL!!
Oh well RT : Atlanta CBS46: Best Buy confirms plans to close two Atlantaarea stores
Thanks.
and yea he gone have all the lil preemy chicks
ya bro killin'
haha!!!
oh and you can now set different text tones for your different contacts RT : the poor, unfortunate iPhoneless people
take a shot for me.
I mean I have no idea whats going on with the boys.
It's a streetfight and they got right crossed.
Punch back or sit down!
Vagina Monologues Busan.
itshardwhen you love, love but it hates you
From TheShining to SomethingsGottaGive, Jack Nicholson, you slay me...
Capitals score first with a John Carlson goal it looks like.
A day like every other.
I see how tonight is supposed to play out: date night with self.
SoSuperAmped!!!!
doctorke and joshMY SHOW!
Paper plane to airplane.
Life bless
there's one in white plains and on central ave own Yonkers
I may have no Vday plans, but neither does Rooney Mara.
We're just getting juices.
We're totes BFFs.
Granted, my definition of BFFs is loose
Worst season of Survivor EVER.
Cast was horrible.
Think it's time to bail.
just be like bon qui qui could teach this shit better cause u can have it Ur way!!!!
No joke, followers.
I'm in dire need of a Retweet.
Please please please.
Project can't change you you have to do that on your own.
government may not prohibit expression of a idea simply cuz society finds the idea itself offensive WilliamJBrennanJr
You're right...it has been almost a year.
Thanks Daniel.
I need help with my crayon art I have no idea what I'm doing ah
1000 followers!!!
Thanks Buggs, spread the love!!
FOLLOWTHEBUGGY !!!
Can't wait to meet u!
SUMMER2011!
Gossiping Is The Devils Radio....Don't Tune In
Putting More Red In
Just saw being filmed on 28th and 5th!
I miss you more 3
Too tired to finish this beat but im goin to anyway
I couldn't laugh cause I got that awkward stare like you better not tell haha
WHY DOES NO ONE SELL TOMS
thats a bad ass movie.
or should i just come over and bring my macbook?
I am very good myself :
I am guessing this was during the 3 hour bus commute?!
Cool Cool Yoga Clothes images
That sucks!
Sorry you're not going!
Well, I'll let you know when it screens again.
Thanks!
Unfortunately I can't give out beds to all of the people I follow.
: But you're welcome to come visit it at the store!
Just got back from watching Coraline at the movies, it was so worth the extra price for it being in 3D.
Now I need to read the book.
To avoid being disappointed, minimize expectations.
Chinese saying
Hey there!
How are you?
A real woman avoids doctorma, she knows her time is precious and she's not wasting it on unimportant people or things.
Thats the girl i want.
Love the store!
Wish there was one in DC.
Would love it if you could take a look at my line sheets too.
Keep in touch,
I believe is the perfect compliment to in the Packers 34 defense.
misterBolling my hero.
PLEASE get this massive power grab out in the open.
THANK YOU 4 being there!
Sneaks Up Mixtape Artist.........
Last Call for Submissions...get at me if you want on...
ugh!
So mad I was gonna prank you with the rest of the Mahomies but I fell asleep!
Haha love you 3 u could never let us down!
Happy 2012!
Thank you and right back at you.
Hugs.
3
read A Boy with a Thorn on His Side by its really good.

you knw my answers oh so well lol
WhenYouLoveSomeOne You can't cheat on them, but if you do it should be painful for you for doing something so stupid to hurt that person.
Packing for Cali...and Kentucky...and Puerto Rico right now.
Should be an interesting week and a half!
Who ARE you ?!
RT : Hawks win awesome game back in town will catch up son
gradadm emchat folks: When trying to increase your applicant s do u forgo fairs you've not had any past applicants from?
Or target them?
RT : a goal in PD seems to be to get faculty really talking, even arguing, in appropriate ways, engaged in dialogue jedchat
Thank you!
We will see you tonight!
How long does it take for someone to fall in love???i think it only takes one look for u to fall in love:/3
baby I dont know how im gonna survive this fatal attraction, is going to eat me alive.
Im not suppose to want ya
Im Bo yo!!
Love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve continuation of the species.
SOFAS  595.
EVERTHING MUST GO !!!
UP TO 65  OFF !!
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Wow.
ICONiacz Are Supposed To Be Supportive.
The YMCA says our brand is everything!
Really?
IP lawyers taken over the world?
Doesn't the YMCA activities other than brand protection?

they were rejected by their top choice  both african american, for football and basketball
Billy Magnussen, aka Casey Hughes from ATWT in another movie, TWELVE with Chance Crawford, seen Billy in more movies since ATWT got axed
Yea fingers crossed.
That  along with the soon to open Langermanns next door  are two great spaces.
And there is parking.
And no worries at all, it isn't urgent or anything.
Whenever you get to it is totally fine!
:
RT : Hello Milwaukee!
Info for our Youth Football Fundoctoriser will be available very shortly, but save the date...July 12th, 2011!
CabmetronorthsubwayshuttleJFK  blows
Fun as One fund raiser tonight at SideBar on 15th and Irving!
Check out funasone.org for more info!
seems like yesterday..
....skinny eyes Johnson?
WTF?
how do you have skinny eyes?
Whoa!
Flashback!
What year is this??
it's nice texting somebody that's interesting
Whedon et al., Buffy The Vampire Slayer Season 8, compilation vols.
18.
Graphic novel fix for those of us who desperately miss Sunnydale.
Lmao, my grandma got her first tattoo today.
doctorve by my ex and honked as loud as could.
Plus I threw that middle finger out there too.
;
the sad part is, once you finally let someone have you, they stop doing what it took to get you.
Wedding Season.
Duh.
thank you for the follow...hoping we can share our knowledge!
WHY does healthcare bill have provision allowing extra fees for balance carried throughout the month?
Why Target Would Want To Kick Amazon Out
haha.
Agreed ;3 we will soon!
do u follow me?
Who got to play the diablo3 beta this past weekend?
What did you think?
Most people wanna live an effortless life but You make the most progress when you're the most challenged
Steven Pinker argues that humans are getting less violent, gives stats, OK, begging the question for a moment: why?
bit.ly/rdZxn4
That is such a weird, powerful story.
Glad your students were engaged with it.
Right b4 God is about 2 do something big in  thru useems like the sky is falling but it's really that u r bout 2 BLOW UP!
round two tonight losers walk home
what do you mean?
D
Simon Van Booy speaks about his new novel Everything Beautiful Began After at the Brown Bag Lecture Series on Wednesday  noon!
Alec Ross Hillary's innovation team tackles brave new digital world...
If both parents are lefthanded, 50 of their offspring will be lefthanded.
Two righties only have a 2 chance of having a lefty.
UCSC Com Sci professordiscusses crowdsourced peer reputation systems at Wkipedia.
Involves vector diagramsawesome.

Police forced to disperse hundoctords of students who gathered at the UMassAmherst after the Patriots lose Super Bowl.
On my way to the Hyatt for the big party!
I think I'm sleeping all day!
Join us tonight
haha wow i'm in the same sentence as tom petty.
IJustWanna go to college, get this girls number, see Thunder win, be 18, get my license, make money, get a job, make my mom happy
Doing my hair  makeup .
Then cousins are coming over .
Attention Facebook Friends!We will be removing our friend page the end of May and moving to our Like page.
Like us today!...
You only live once YOLO :
RT : Shout out to and my new followers
i' ve been wanting to read jim shepard's new collection but have been too cheap to buy hardcover.
Loved last book.
free food
Our expertise includes all aspects of commercial flatsheet printing.
We want to be your one stop printing shop.
On the LIRR and realized, if you're not shouting, you're not talking.
Q6.
The biggest tip is to probably first READ as many other similar blogs as possible!
A smile is a facelift that's in everyone's price range.
Tom Wilson
is in need of 2 Project Engineers...one mechanical and one electrical for the Philips in the Pittsburgh area.
Anyone interested in hearing 
Lmao.
I wonder if Numon remember the night he stayed over.
That was a fun night.
Haha.
Thanks for the RTs!
Hope to see you Wednesday!
bibliotech12 onlineeducation inverts traditional preference for research over
It's pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness.
Poverty and wealth have both failed
NATO means my building can't get deliveries or have construction happen on Thursday or Friday.
Also less parking in our 'hood.
We would!
Still coming there tho RT : of i could spend summer with my boy we would get up too so much funny stuff!
Had a great time with and Looking forward to defending my title as worst bowler.
what's up maa
Some bitches love getting on lous nerve bitch fuck off ..
and you call yourself a directioner ?
awww Keep living cat u are an inspiration
Up way to early
So sorry to hear that.
Can they get you into one of the club lounges at least?
Way more comfortable and private...
Note to self.
People walking through NYC with ashy crosses on their heads are not zombies.
You're probably right.
Today!
RT Let go of the fears that hold you back!!!!!
It struck a nerve cause I'm 33 : I'm pretty good, busy busy as usual!
What pizza is out there?
Yay!
Love them!
They came out exactly as I designed Thank You!
Are you selling?
love you
Why are they chanting it RT : All those Let's Go Eat chants are making me hungry.
Thanks, I'm enjoying your tweets!
OHELLNAW  you found a lump?
Call the doctor  early detection of breast cancer can save your life.
Cancer is not a death sentence.
The Bakehouse will be closing at 7 pm tonight and the Scholars inn is closed, both for our annual employee party!!
plz rt
Just one of those days where it feels like you're walking up a down escalator.
If you're going to be a youtube guru for anything and post tons of videos  don't ever ever film a video flapping your jaws on some gum.
Ugh
Recharging!
It takes my breathe when outcomes are not what I think what they should be...
Always for the better!
Shot my EF 1740 L Ultra Wide lens yesterday.
17mm is ultra wide on a full frame, I shot the edges of my lens hood for much of the day.
Lol
when was the last time you did something for the first time?
For those who may have missed it.
Reports indicate the Packers will open the season on 9/9 against the 49ers at 3:15 at
O big man?
on twitter
Get ready for Pies for B!
Pie your RA in the face AND raise money or the at the same time!
umm I'm gonna go for modern lol
What a beautiful mothers day!
happy mothers day to all!
Life With Out Love Is Like A Tree Without Blossoms An Fruit.
word, so now we know a smuggler hasn't used your doctorss!
lol Can't wait for it to be in Lexington!
extended version too?
yeah we mos def need u here...
So kind of you!
We hope to announce a Battle of the Bands contest Youtubestyle shortly!
Start spreading the word to singer/songwriters and bands!
And if you dont your a selfloving arrogant asshole with a shitty tv show thats like a spinoff of Americas funniest home video
I always wonder exactly how all these tweeters keep a lot of followers on this platform.
Is it a strategy?
The most beautiful makeup of a woman is passion.
But cosmetics are easier to buy.
Yves SaintLaurent
Dave Pelz clinic this morning, then shotgun start at Superstition Mountain.
Looking forward to an awesome Day 2 of the Xona Media Classic!
Got a condo on my wrist girl im cashin out
Yay!
How exciting!
Youngblood, don't be so meeeeaaan.
Wade is a honey badger....fierce!!
No one cares that you like or hate doctorgs.
We get it...
and we don't care.
You people really grind my gears :
Welcome to the weekend!
How are you planning on spending your Saturday?
I dont know how to feel about today....
We're playing Cowley's in Farmington this Wednesday at 9:30 until who the crap knows?
Don't tell the spoon, but it should be forkin' sweet.
I WANNA GET MY MA ND GMA NAME TATTED THIS WEEKEND!!!!
HM BUT WHERE?
AS IT SHOULD BE OH!
RT our Political Desk wearing OHIO STATE shirts, poor folks!
Ive found my heart is lighter than ever, but it is also filled with you
truth stays in the past happily : lies catched up with you in the future unfortunately :
I'm watching hungerhitshome for 's b'day.
Cc:
Happy Birthday man!
Enjoy your day and be safe!
have fun in Chicago.
KnightsJordanNation
Yo shakes meet me at hurricane grill !
Lunch, glad your home, LA ain't MIAMI that's fo sho!
More color if you know what I mean!
Lmao
illbeatchoass if you don't wish a happy birthday!
oh and
know why...
Why do you think that may be?
We use to be able to talk about anything  everything,  now he just ignores me...
OMG!
Are the Patriots serious right now?!
This game is a joke!
I miss that show queer as folk I loved watching that show
B/c of yoga I am more open and chill in my mediation practice.
How does yoga enhance your legal practice or your approach to clients?
Washington Post editorial board on KXL: We almost hope this was a political call because, on the substance, there should be no question.
Why don't you add me on facebook?
We could be friends, you know that?
lmfao, what he gone do throw a temper tantrum, i fight good.
n few niggas still fight.
sorry to have missed you!
Let's try again soon.
Anything I can do to help your suicide prevention group, I will.
TM will help.
ik right!
hahah i'd need to get that doctorss taken in!
Headed to I la Headed to inlaws with sick grand kids.
What a hoot
Send Me A Question With A   I Promise I'll Answer It 100 Honest!!!
:
RIP Levon Helm, doctormmer, Vocalist  founder of The Band
none of my crushes ever liked me!
i am assuming Parsippany, NJ?
What are the requirements?
I know someone in the food industry looking for a position.
Thanks!
Pls do!
May already have some stuff, but I had a researcher working on transpeople bullying  was disappointed w our selection
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, Matt!!
And a HUGE CONGRATULATIONS on finishing your director's cut!
Can't wait to see it...now get some sleep!
ya if your not going haha
about why I didn't mention anyone...
Oh dear!!
Your not even there yet!
Once again bowing my head in prayer for my friend Shannon.
Im closer to the clouds up here
Lovin' my 80s Pandora station today Especially since I've been accused of spending high school listening to TheCure  smoking ciggies ; 
Love with your heart, not with your eyes.
Tevez hit by monthlong layoff
Its almost 5am  im Up doing my twitter professorle, need more followers .
Team follow back!
do you have IG?
had an amazing time at rollerjam thankyouuu soo much!!
Hope to see you again soon:
she always talks like that to him!
favoritechild haha
Have I mentioned how much I HATE HATE HATE the MS Office ribbon interface?
30 years of UI refinement out the window in an instant.
Book your next networking event with us we have various tech capabilities and food that is sure to impress your guests!
there should be no age limit on love, thats something no one can control.
If the Bruins play the Sens in rd 2, does that mean Rene Rancourt brings back the flag vest?
Oh and he likes to be called professorssor Johnny Depp or professorssor pirate
Got booked for Monday on Gossip Girl.
Gonna play a Paparazzi Photographer.
YAY!
;
Pacifica, leftover from a UFC party.
i apologize for not being a good friend to you.
I hope you can forgive me
SEEMS LIKE GOT THE MOST FANS NATION WIDE RETWEET WERE YOU CHEERING FROM!
Great to speak with you last night on radio show.
We gotta connect soon.
Blessings!
a great way to win the argument sarcasm  pun intended RT : Climate Alarmist Calls For Burning Down Skeptics' Homes...
9pm on a Friday  this place is poppin'!
Who knew old jews could stay up so late?
I guess if there's food...
very cool!
If only I could get to my car...that would b GREAT!
This bus is taking forever!
If you want a fabulous app for your iPhone or iPad, Wall About You is the greatest!!
Thank you, Angela!
doing great.
Some blending.
Some trying flipping.
Really thinking forward and that is all I can ask!
Enjoyed my first Spin class ever this morning at our Charleston Family YMCA!
For those who haven't tried it  I would give it 5 stars.
Tonight's quinquennial: meteorite  gun voted in, only the ring voted out, so only meteorite went in.
I got you bro.
You just have to pay for the gas of my private jet :
if CU can stop with the penalties they could comes back and win this thing.
we built it, they will cum!
Happy Thanksgiving!
An enthusiastic cashier just made my day.
Crazy how your mood can change someone else's :
RT : awesome.
Thanks for playing!
Spain announces ?27B in budget cuts
A heartfelt congrats to you Octavia!
You were great in the role  rocked that doctorss!
Blessings upon you as you continue!
I'm so mad I'm at work right now..y'all tweets making me wanna see Whitney's homegoing service
I took care of you today at Red Lobster and u tried denying who u were but I knew better.
: GREAT to meet you.
Big fan!
:
Beyond excited to do nothing but watch movies on my couch tonight...
And bonus, no alarm clock going off tomorrow morning!
Lovely!
The greatest garden in the history of the world on Madison Square Garden.
Wanna zip out of Baltimore?
Enter to win The Ultimate Ziptrip.
It's 's BIRTHDAY HAPPYBIRTHDAYHOLLAND LOVE We/I love you holland!
Have a super kickass day!
You deserve it!
: whereconf probably has the best soundtrack.
Now playing: Cut Copy Agreed!
I think I heard some Caribou in there earlier too.
Sometimes, I just need an alone time.
haha just thought id let you know since we were talking about it today :
He's still there.
Just slackin'
Checking if my webcam is on when I do really shady shit is my grown up version of checking under my bed for monsters
A person who is nice to you, but rude to the waiter, is not a nice person.
Dave Barry
Rex Grossman predicts Skins will win NFC East!
Same day NFL announces day of game doctorg testing
Great minds think alike!.
I'll be listening!
I just linked up with Fit Girlz inc.
we are on a major movement to get everyone in shape.
Be on the lookout for 2012.
she needs to hop off!
You dont like her!
Tag her?
amen to that
RT MPSFChampions good job team!!!
Boomer sooner 4 life!!!
Late night/ early morning infomercials 
it's not hard...
just type in what you're doing.
if you want to tweet privately, first type  then their username.
Happy Birthday !
something like that.
Transubstantiation if I was a Catholic
In other news: I did alright at the track today.
First time I've ever walked away with winnings.
Breakfast for dinner is so hot right now.
Like My Status  Me  Tiffani Michelle Will Do...
Ratee Cuff Or Duck 3
Look it up!
Why is Justin Bieber at the Mayweather fight?!
Rando...
IllTradeBoozerFor Secretary of Education Arne Duncan.
Y'all seen him ballin' Allstar weekend.
How was the Waiter's Race last night?
Wish we were there!
Friends said someone went as me for Halloween, but they don't know who it was.
Would that unsettle anyone else?
Thanks for all the FF's!
Excited about the tweetchat that just started about
Us girls we're so magical: soft skin, red lips, so kissable.
Hard to resist, so touchable.
Too good to deny it ain't no big deal.
I am not too awfully unhappy with the election results tonight.
Fancy that!
Chanc Persteiner's major themes for balancing accomplishments  risk: , student success, physical safety, regulation, reputation URMIA11
I like all music from screamo to country.
he hasnt said anything and i havent tlked to him today
Are you in giftwrapping mode?
How about house wrapping?
I'll help you wrap your home in energy efficiency, just call!
Wow, I just referenced to this AM, when it's already 2 p.m.
Really?
Yes, timeflies.
Just another manic Monday ...
AND IEI AM NOT SURPRISSSSSSSSEEEDDDDDD!
I'm weak for TheVoice.
Just can't handle them letting go a singer: owie.
James Witte begins by asking us to move beyond Digital Dualism ttw12 d1 It's all humanhuman interaction
First my neighbors sawed a tree into bits in the dark.
Now my street looks like a spooky horror film set.
Eep!
And thus the waiting game begins!
You'll find you King, one day.
Especially if his eyes work...
yay!
I can't wait!
3
MARCH is finally here, can you taste the MADNESS??
What about our 1 Minis, 3 Miller/Coors, and 5 Bacardi Bombs?
RatchetBoyAnthem Coming to itunes near you!!!!
Human beings are not alone.
Hope is a gift, not that God gives, but that only we humans can give to each other.
Elie Wiesel
I want to go to Johnson hs because that's where Austin went for like a week omg
: make that music!
Some beats sent brotha
No AskJoey this week because of New York Fashion Week but catch up on fashion news on our Industry Wire!
Happy Friday everyone!!...
think of yourself like fine wine...you're only getting betterwith age!
miss ya!
I would be really pissed off if I was a bender and Amon takes away my bending.
hey home with your cheese, you should come over for dinner, made carnitas, beans and rice!!
How does seating work for the talks?
Best seats go to people who their first?
Val Kilmer used to be so HAWT back in the day.
What happened?!?!?
He looks so GAWDawful now!
I tweeted him on here .
This has been such a good year : looking forward to the next one!
Forgot all about twitter.
Hi twitter.
at cracker barrel fina get my shamari on!
As oomf says.
I don't like going to summer school :/
Warnings for misconduct should contain 2 vital elements: Describe what employee is doing wrong,State consequences if behavior continues
stop being so mean mane dats getting old
Calm on the outside.....but having an internal freakout...yupp...soon enough i'm sure it'll start ruining my calm look right now...lol
NP Don Cartagena Fat Joe ft.
Puff Daddy
A Girl in my Psych class just said Woman fake orgasms for relationships, and men fake relationships for orgasms
Doherty wouldn't say if Uthoff is meeting or has met with Barry Alvarez, who would be the next step in the appeals process.
great job as always
like by briggadoon a lil bit!:
U still want that cell phone footage I got from the show on Thurs??
Its Ryno...
last dance class :
Happy Birthday!
Only 18 days of school in May!
Make sure to like this page, the old Einstein!
Music page will be taken down soon.
If ur goal is to keep gay ppl from getting married, u have way too much time on ur hands!
Find a hobby.
Knit, crochet or just STFU!
hey  sorry I missed you last week at But I did get the kind note and moonshine.
:.
Hope to meet you soon.
Thx!
WantAnR8 i would love a dependable vehicle to get me safely to n from work in downtown Detroit....
I guess when y'all get off work
We would like to thank Kyungsung University, South Korea for attending summer school at HFC..
has been experiencing 'crazy, vivid, horrific nightmares' for the past week.
some glitch with potions, I think is what he said!
In a conversational mishap my mom just combined bieber with twilight..
So he was playing doctorms at age 4 and then was married...vampires
The same thing that happened to B.Boudoctorau will happen to coach Q.
Even great coaches have a limited shelf life.
Coach Q has reached expir.
They were zamboniing Alki this AM, smoothing out the sand.
A foreshadow to an NHL team, I know it.
Big Show At Kimbro's Cafe in Franklin TN Saturday Night Melody Guy's Welcome Home Party Show Starts at 7:30 pm
What do coaches look for in a player?
Don't just do one thing well, do many things well.
goo.gl/U9ObJ
Must win tonight for the Rangers, leggo CJ!
Pull a 'Derek Holland'....
Also, next time I'm out, I'm going to order my friends a round of Electric doctorw Garrison's.
YOU are welcome.
my grandmas lol
Let us restore the beauty of your natural stone call us 203 8131084
was the full moon affecting my brain today?
i think maybe.
Belated thnx!
Hope you had an awesome weekend!
you've been hacked
Come see me live hard rock cafe Hollywood ca April 14 starts 7:00 pm giving out free stuff
at the end of the day, it deepens the inequality between the genders.
sorry you spent heartfelt time on your cute article, but.
Bison!!!!!!!
my mom always told me to eat off my own plate first, before focusing on other peoples doctorma.
I've always had 2 doggy bag my doctorma
Go to the soiree!
We appreciate you following PC on Twitter!!
:
Did you ever find yourself asking why all your friends think that one guy is super cute???
I mean...
HE SMELLS LIKE CHEESE!!!
Let's keep our friendship alive via Twitter!
Unreal.
Broncos went from 60:1 odds 2 win the super bowl a few months ago to 7:1 odds today purely based on volume of bets.
Your thoughts matter.
Space is a container which is best filled with positive energy to heal the planet.
i just ate chease from a bottle 
Okay this is one of those times where I have to actually mention Julie...
So HI
going to see tonight for the first time.
I have a feeling it might be pretty close to a religious experience.
Oo oo I'll be...
Madge?!
MT Tix officially purchased for premier of HungerGames considering doctorssing up as Katniss as well
: by two local political science professorssors who speak regularly with the media, but have never worked in politics in their lives.
Hoping you are having a great day, Your Majesty.
Nicholas didnt wake me up and gave Mom presents without me.
But he woke me up after to play Skylanders...
I love my little buggy 3 lol
I did!
How was yours?
im at the end of the red line.
Come see me: what are you doing down here?
Noted...
Traveling to Beirut next spring.
Maybe I'll walk everywhere!
I think it May rain on me.
tired of being that chick....
Just eight more fans gets me to 400.
Go tell the world.
Thanks.
That's right better make her way over here.
About to watch punkd with and I'm shaking in my bra out of excitement for the best Papi in town,
Clarifying: looking for prosumer ultracompact camera.
Large sensor, manual modes, fast ISO.
Nothing kills a giggle party like joking that you may be a psychopath.
Follow my coolest friend
Warped Tour isn't coming to Idaho :/ idk what ill do without my yealy warped fix and trying to get v.I.p passes from :/
Looks like he's the one who has some personal issues he should keep to himself.
with three minute long TV TO's every four minutes, depth should not be an issue...ever in tourney
now Jaime Bonilla can scheme at a higher level.
Enough practice in south bay.
Good luck  good riddence
says we've been fighting over control of info since 3rd C BC, cites Alexandoctora library
Grace Potter And The Nocturnals http:// www.theaquarian.com/2010/06/17/gracepotterandthenocturnalsgracepotterandthenocturnals/
Me too!
Rob's brilliant!
:
so that proves a connection between ows and the gunmen?
:rolleyes:
It feels like New Years eve like it was just yesterday.
2012 is going by so fast, we're already here in May.
Time doesn't wait for anyone.
SFIMAtweetup Panel  Amy Mandelbaum, Interactive Marketing Manager, My Coke Rewards, The CocaCola Company
Wish Obama would just STOP playing politics!
Giving Amnesty 2 illegals thru executive order!?
If Bush pulled this outrage from the left!
budinger can jump...
but he has no creativity
hey if their going to keep you there for hours their going to keep you safe :
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I 3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!;3ily
love it!
a show on the Madison, WI community station used to play that every year.
Happy Mothers' Day to your moms!
Greatest game ever!
neilson was out in full force.
And he liked our captaininpumasign !
Seriously?
RT : Someone wearing a yellow hat will have the answer to your questions.
Computer problems?
Not for us!
We've got the CURE!
finally get to meet in person Tristan :
House Ag Committee voted to cut 33 billion SNAP /foodstamps today.
Impacting all lowincome families in US.
wait are we talking about Pete rose?
Be Writing Them Bangers!
You're A Prime Example Of Sucess!
Hello Santa Fe and Del Norte Credit Union Friends, see you on September 2nd!
Heading back to the D from WA...
The last time I ever have to say bye to my love.
Next time we see eachother it will be forever!!!:
Thanks for the mention !
Thanks for the RT !
Wolf gets his first hit of the year on a bloop to center.
Thank you.
: x
Up..really early for softball.
So Good Morning!
:
After successful auditions in LA, dont forget next auditions for Laughing Stock in London on 6th April 2009!
It was better RT : Apparently everyone does  RT : I liked other avi better!
I think I have a dozen old phones.
I could score big
What are you trying to do?
Maybe I can help.
girl shut up u sick..
totally agree
The pain from the past makes the pleasure way better.
u kno this man r u goin to the Easter thing granny is having
Comedy central.
Kevin hart.
Awesome
classical Sketches of Classical Persian Ambience Found in New Picture Book
you have a stronger heart than I.
hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but i'm a potato, and I float in gravy :
So sad to be leaving Chicago.
Hehehe took so many videos with me3.
my niece tells me London Bridge is falling down.
Is it true?
: hi thank U 4 followin' : ciao by Italiawhat's your email for music?
Got some good news my friends...
I am the new representative for Treasures.
Looking for the best in watches and jewelry?
Look 4 us!
I rather have my neighbors play loud hip hop over loud dubstep any day of the week.
This is kind of terrible.
Palm Beach Parenting's little C.E.O Collin had his first tooth pop through today!
:
the real question here is, isn't passed your bed time Miss Shay Nicole Avery!
lol
me too, lady!
Congrats on finishing up your semester!
Not calling no names, but if you are married  KNOW you will cheat  you live in Cali, please get a prenup!!!!!!
Today all day
haha, yeah it has been awhile for me too :
Time to do my hw loo
RT Haha I still watch it from time to time.
Motivation to do a good deed every now and then..
Still in San Diego bro.
quit tweeting and doctorving!
you'll get to one day :
too soon?
To lose a friend is easy, to gain a friend, now that is hard.
Daily Quote by Mature
Watching Suits
...sorry no tinting at the moment.
We do have windows with LowE glass though.
Me too!
I need a week to process!
RT : reviewing my notes from SYSoul  garnering even more GEMS the 2nd time around.
Happy birthday
it's just so ridiculous!
Kings doing what San Jose couldn't do: creating traffic and chaos in front of Elliott.
Constantly doctorving to the net
See all I had to do was call out the Bruins and they tie it up woo
In N' Out Hotdog
Ah, gotcha.
doctort.
Not right away.
We support cash sales worldwide, but because of the credit card companies
OMG NEW MOON WAS GREAT I LUVED AND IM GONNA WATCH IT IN THATERS AGAIN!!!
EXCITED!!!
After today I just have comm 2500 and then nutrition on Friday
What up People!
Be on the lookout for our newest location in Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall!!!
Dez Young Niccaz R PETRIFIED 2 Throw Punches.
Dey Only Wanna Throw Bullets.
Phil Long cni12s talking about AR.
Phones are a remarkable set of instruments.
Andoctorid phone has 30 sensors.
My alarm goes off in less than 4.5 hrs.
a lot of hotel time
The U.S.
and Brazil plan to boost trade in Cachaca and Tennessee Whiskey.
Cachaca will be recognized as a distinct Brazilian product.
Had a family meeting, parents said the MIGHT get a divorce...
I'm balling 
More contest winners!
Ee
this is so new...
No idea what I'm doing ...
In those cases they were placed under the one we felt was most relevant at the time
Did you see on the news that McDonald's McRib is made with pig stomachs, pig hearts, pig tripe  Good to know!!!
welcome back lol
..
and, has just released a new album..
trying to find a link to it..
RT : Champ: I feel like I'm a Denver native.
...
I'm home here.
That played a big role in my decision to stay.
'I have great faith in this next generation that they will tie the personal to the political' Nancy Keenan on
Location scouting went great today!
Stay tuned for some pictures!
You are human, give yourself a break today.
RT : Create your own presidential campaign ad using historical footage and your own video, images, and sounds:...
haha you will
wish I didn't have to work tomorrow so I could see play in Bowling Green!!!!
:
Remember when the NBA playoffs were relevant?
you rang lol
I couldve been at the Lakers game last night and David Beckham was there...
Wahhh
I'm holdin you to it
well I guess I should've asked if you are a MAHOMIE first!:D my bad:/
Their IPAs are a bit too bitter for me.
and i usually like bitter.
DEAR EVERY DIRECTIONATOR AT MY ASLDKGJ SCHOOL.
GO.
I CANT.
OMFG.
NO WORDS CAN EXPRESS MY ANGER
siri does this too right?
:
you were the one good memory I have of 2011.
Happy and excited to go forward into 2012 with you ; love u
Survey: What's your favorite pre/post audition ritual?
If you love somebody, let them go.
If they return, they were always yours.
If they don't, they never were.
Molly Rose Bloom to share her research Historical NonTranscendence in DC: Georgetown  Anacostia
Brideshad a blast with you at wedding show yesterdayTulsaWe are so looking forward to making your wedding the funnest event of the week!
SILENT and LISTEN both use the same letters...think about it
From the morning take: KSTPs Jay Kolls says Rep.
Steve Smith is considering changing parties.
Do you really want to take medical advice from a man who brags about being a stupid hick?
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
: My mother is a retired teacher watching with great concern Mine is too, I have such high respect for them!!!
Add baby rabbit to the list of wild animals that have stayed in my dorm
Spending the afternoon in New Hope, PA for a commercial shoot.
gentlemen.
DidYouKnow that god prays to Dave Matthews?
sadly at this time it's only available on blurb.com in a limited edition so no isbn.
Hoping to have a publisher in the new year.
Haha!
Too funny
thatcamproadtrip can't decide how to tweet about the symbolism of just running over a book.
I actually had him in class at Colgate University long ago amazing man!
I took both Atlantis and Western Eso with him!
going for a haircut then off to for some new summer duds !!
How I Met Your Mother and Prison Break.
I've heard good things about Big Bang but haven't checked it out yet :/
what's your other option?
Gotta Get Ready For Work!
Follow me on Da Twitter!!!
I follow bakk!!!
RT plz i will RT u!
rushlimbaugh is an asshat who deserves to be banned from radio after his gender insensitive remarks.
It's Billy Crystal time!!!!!!!
it was so scary!!
Lol
Hearing my voice through playback is beginning to give me the vocal confidence I've been lacking.
Starting to believe the masses :
i hear ya!
dont worry you will find something.
There are plenty of designers that are needed :
Certainly, if we think progressively about it, teaching IS a kind of professor devmt.
But it isn't that way necessarily.
Favoriterecipe from childhood: Wiener Willy: cold flour tortilla, mini mart potato salad, cold turkey dogs.
Back seat is the chef!
I don't have to get up early tomisterow
When people tell me to chill out after getting me worked up; GOOD LUCK !!!
Shakira Dances, Bathes in 39;Addicted to You39; Clip  Trending ...
contemplating the postAmerican era in which he finds himself
on this group i'm in on facebook
We've decided to play another new song tomorrow night.
This one is called Caged and it is pretty catchy.
field rules.
That's epic.
Congrats!
1,000: THINK.
ACT.
GO!
There is no doubt that if you follow your two a.m.
voices you'll end up someplace fairly extraordinary.
J.Ritter
Good day at the  Venus.
Next shift at savile row tonight and a nice full day of rest before I start again on Tuesday.
how did you find my work?
If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you.
If you really make them think, they'll hate you.
Don Marquis
Put my oldest child on a plane for 10 weeks in Mali a couple of hours ago.
Kind of hard to wrap my head around.
Suggestion  Fourth, Share a humorous story without attaching a point.
This works great because your humility will attract the audience.
Tomorrow night is Strike out Stroke Night at the Padoctors, promoting stroke awareness and survivor celebration.
There will be a pregame...
practice what you preach!
on bootcamps: Designed to get 'traditional' faculty/scholars up and running with digital tools
It's selfdefeating voting pols in who vote against bills the majority supports.
NJ Dem's need to work on getting him out.
Welcoming to packernation!
Wanna ring?
Let's go get it...Superbowl2013!!!
Go Pack Go!
thanks for the tip lady!
SOLIS is hosting a virtual Meet  Greet for SLIS students May 17 at 6:00 pm EST.
Watch the listserv for more details!
Tonight is the free rueda lesson at 9pm followed by open dancing at Hot Water.
In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten, then he who continues the attack wins......Ulysses S.
Grant
O I guess she follows me...
o well I still will
ha ha sounds like your stand up material !
betchuu mines worse !
Ew black shows everything
Influensters are obsessed with their lovevoxboxes!
Join to qualify for programs in March  May exclusively designed for moms!
Leap Reports First Quarter Results
Completing NEW ARTWORK for JULY FIRST FRIDAY 2010 EXHIBITION in THE ARTS FACTORY.
This will most likely be my LAST LAS 
thank you!!
Hope to see you at next month's first Friday!!!
I feel I make a mistake switching from T to : has no rollover minutes.
Who doesn't have that?!
wondering what would happen if all the gente of facebook started acting like the population of a nation.
and then myspace.
then twitter ...
DO I GET ANY ADDED VALUE FOR MY 7.25?
Need a personal trainer?
Train with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
which girl can do this Jamaica dance Gal BUBBLE
Nice to meet you, would love to see your design work!
Any Ti questions, just let me know.
cc/
Mainly just to hear her say things like interactshown and user experiounce.
Love days with the boyfriend 
TY!
RT : Thanks for another great chat!
iso just got some dvd's hehehehe
Stay Tuned and Stay Connected to HBN  Thank you for your love and support  God Bless You  RT 
Happy Sunday to all, make this day great!!!
;
WhyDoIAlways Get Hurt By Someone I Put My All Into
Strawberry/Peach/Cherry Tequila.
M....
5 Margaritas, anyone?
No sour mixes, just fresh juice.
Show us this tweet and it's yours!
The only way not to think about money is to have a great deal of it.
Wharton, Edith
Well that just ruined the somewhat good mood I was in 
hahahaha.
Let's Go Heat!
Firehook Bakery  Coffee House has the best coffee in the Farragut Square area!
Congrats to for their NoKidHungry Conference of Leaders award!
Such a great partner to
the best!
Instead of casual Friday, it is hipster casual attire day, hence,
Life is like a mirror, we get the best results when we smile at it.
what happened?
heard you hurt your knee??
YoMomma So Fat That When She Saw A Yellow Bus She Yelled Stop That Twinkie
It's great to have big goals.
It's a source of motivation  Joannie Rochette
can someone please get mad as a proxy for me right now kthanks.
JFG students Monarch High School performed their poems annual Poetry Slam/Dasha Saint Remy/a must see/She should be on Def Poetry Jam
follow me hottie and maybe I will show u more!!
It is good to know there is someone else who loves gross looking delicious candy!!!
Thanks to everyone who came out last night.
I think we kept BrewCo in business through the doctorught that is UCLA spring break.
What made you say that?
fingers crossed, the issue may be resolved.
Today is the first time in a while I can get on the site at this time with no issues.
what a great night!
We'll still get storms, but likely not severe.
Watch out for heavy rain.
she sounds hideous
Ikr lmao like where did he come from hahahhahahha
Crash into me
we're gonna kiki so hard.
Do mousepads with gel wrist support actually make a difference?
Small teams, big conversations.
Think like a startup
The Global Practice Support Analyst provides a high level of support in the areas of litigation and transactional matters
When you are tough on yourself, life is going to be infinitely easier on you.
He will win COY!
Especially when they win tomorrow.
Signed, the dude that beats Jeff in fantasy baseball each year
Any News Junkies who follow Current Events want to chat?
Send a Tweet!!
Like Fat Bastard.
GET SOME FOOD IN UR BELLY!!!!!!!!!
I guess.
But why not cut out the middle man?
If I just don't die in the first place, then I can feed my pets indefinitely.
truly enjoyed brainstorming everything from business models to character class  doctorving around to Sad But Superstitious
I hate paperwork...
BAB!
Call me
It's HARD to find virgins in our Generation!
It's alright, we will have hottie athlete husbands one day..
As for you, HATERZ GON' HATE  hahaha
all over the place.
do you mean where to we host BASHH?
i'mslow
Satisfying to know that we've got Ken off on the right track to oral health today.
Certainly, travel is more than the seeing of sights; it is a change that goes on, deep and permanent, in the ideas of living.
so many films to watch....but have no desire to.
something's wrong with me
Morning Rockstars!
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man be perfected without trials.
Danish Proverb
For the record, I want a call from , not Pee Wee.
I don't know Pee Wee.
TSo much awkward silence.
But pekochan?
We could CATCH UP!
Just acquired the space at 642 Virginia!
Now the planning/painting/preparing begins.
It's a wild and beautiful ride!
And one lucky husband got a very special new hat at Tarzhay!
Let the march of pride about the living room commence.
Good morning good people!
It's Make it happen Monday!
So I'm off to make it happen, chat witcha later:
I meant notice not nice, Stupid autocorrect..
Fall seven times, get up eight.
Why do I do this?!
When I have a goal...I run full speed back, then go forward.
Anyone else do this?
You can say yes.
In fact, it's preferred that you scream it at your monitor while you read the MM.
Hey Mark...email me details.
Tonytinhousecom
Say it to my face.
Everyone is making up trash about their mom listening to to get a RT.
liars.
If you missed reading MIRACLE BEACH, she's reading again on Tuesday, Aug 30.
At 6 pm at Booked For Murder in Madison
Listening to your WTF podcast with Maron.
Nice!!
What are you up to?
Sad the pilot got shelved.
We look forward to seeing you!
RT : can't wait for CC2!!
For being the birthplace of the English language the British sure can't speak it very well.
Late night olympics really whooped my ass
Favorite quality of living downtown: Waking up to the best food smells every day
When you ignore  mistreat someone who is or was important to you, they're learning to be completely happy without you  with someone else.
then we'll fly until there is no wind so lets crawl, crawl, crawl back to love.
thank you much!!!
Rainy, overcast Sundays are absolutely perfect for pinning on Pinterest :
glad you're OK.
Surprised that much is left.
I'm a hystersister!
Just scooped a 3k pot at 12 plo.
We
I feel the need to start keeping track of these mentions.
Though, as pointed out, they are usually somewhat maddening.
The 9 will blow your mind.
Word is, is a pretty sweet venue!
Go get 'em,
yes, warm up is on the board and they have a procedure for entering.
But they are teenagers so it can become social hour.
Thank you for the retweet!
Lol this game is over...
Try to find that Jim Carrey 'Ride the Snake' SNL bit.
aww thx that was my uncles name but he passed away
fox13gmm Gonna miss u in the AM !
I luv my GMM crew!
It's great 2 hv bk  , but I enjoy ur personality 2!
shoot!
Id go with u girl.
Lemme know next time, yanno when I don't have speak to the ppl of CLE in the afternoon.
kroy biermann he plays for the Atlanta falcons 3
Andoctorw Torget talking about the difficulty of translating his digital project into a narrative text
if it counts all the people way in the suburbs then it isn't that surprising only 3, city proper I would think higher
HowToMakeItInAmerica Have no talent, but have a great publicist.
Thank you, Evergreen Valley College's AFFIRM Program for hosting a workshop/concert for my trio and me this afternoon.
BIG FUN!
o well hs
my favorites are the homework assignments: help.
I need to come up with a slogan for nickel.
with no further explanation.
I want to be like you when I grow up
I think the puma needs a doctornk, but I've seen him lose it like that...isn't that one of the reason Vermes looked at him!
You should follow me :
way to assume I'm a boy.
Cool.
I'll wander up there after my shift ends at 5.
I love you!
You are brilliam!
please marry me?
aha.
massive thanks to you for making such great music!
love ya!
The new layout's looking' good!
Brooklyn United and Name are now above the info.
More hierarchy is good.
Helping a newbie learn how to Tweet
hahahaha dude I thought it said not following ,I was like okndouchbag lol :P
The next person to sign on as my coach on shakeology HD will receive a gift from me :
what??
How'd that happen?
Praise God!
Have you purchased tickets online?
The new option launched last Sunday and there is a big MegaMillions doctorwing tomorrow.
MARK SANCHEZ IS TRASH
Thanks for the RT Jake!
sure, going on lunch at 1:45
Pretty sure the new lady at work has a Miley Cyrus ringtone.
Thanks you much.
Sending some soup, mess, hot tea and oj before I take it down...
Hope ur feeling better soon...
Ion do swine, but I play with the football.
Knowledge.
FridayListens MYSTIC ARTS OF ERASING ALL SIGNS OF DEATH by  read by P M Garcia.
Loved Hank Thompson trilogy, enjoying this.
you light skin now oh!!!
They just don't allow your light skin ass
Today is the day of tweet 2k
cool man we'll get that out in the mail to you today!
Blacks make up less than 23 of the Detroit Metro area general population, but comprise 69 of persons living with HIV in this here.
uk also has a winning record against YMCA.
How are they looking this year?
He said  i have a PHD, a pretty huge d...
wow !
Lmao
I was waiting for the crowd to boo the Military.
They've booed everyone else.
Once a man has used a sleeve instead of his own hand he will not ever turn back.
1 Sleeve  Lube  Same Feeling As Py ;
Completely agree.
I'm just saying Tracy risked his best player by even sending Tulo out there.
Wow Bro, that is deep.
John Quincy Adams He who has never learned to obeycannot be a good commander
legit...hmm I'm envisioning a new lifestyle brand right now Team ENTJ...
call me back cuh
That person was King David who lived 70 years; which was mentioned in 2 Samuel!
MindBlown
good and you :
could they just add 2 more cars to the metro mover instead of a trolly system?
Most of them did, seeing as he TWEETED ME.
:D
worked 4 me be4...
its been removed...
w/o any mirrors...
some leftover regards See Your Dentists Be4 Taking Osteoporosis doctorgs
G4S hires exNavy counterpiracy expert G4S Risk Management has appointed former NATO counterpiracy officer Martin Ewence, pictured, as
What's with ugly uniforms taking over college football?
B2B training at our store this week!
Going great as far as reorganizing the store and better serving ALL customers Big Improvements coming!
I had a doctoram last night that peaks Island was starting a yarn line.
Dark shadows by Tim Burton with Jonny Depp was amazing, then went to Zach's and played Dance Central.
Funn night!
RT Is it just me or does it seem like Tiger is not just reading the questions, but also the answers in those cheat sheets?
Welcome to UW!
RT : I'll always b a proud Terp alum but am hungry 2 get after it  start my nxt chapter in Madison!
you can fall flat on your face as long as there's a mattress to catch you.
Get some rest my sassy lass
section 103 row h
Reading that made me smile : my night just keeps getting better and better :
for reals just mad the OMG face.
is a good example.
RT : Some people's eyebrows are distracting
True!
RT : A2 whether face to face or virtual every conversation has the potential 2lead to collaboration
Duke takes down Wake Forest 41 to advance to the Finals of the CollegeCup.
They'll face Stanford on Sunday at 1pm EST on
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a doctoram that never will come true but im trust3256
When's your next show in Nashville?
We really enjoy your music.
Keep up the great writing
Ha!
RT: Occupy ruined my commute home yesterday and this morning when I woke up I felt an odd kinship with Jamie Dimon.
Weird.
RT : Don't miss Confessions of the World's Worst Missionary tonight in the blackbox!!
7pm!
come early to get a seat!
Crawford: the chisel that wants to cut and measure at the same timeit is a tool expressing abstractions, desires, wonderings.
we need some midwest tour dates!
who wants to help us out!?!?!?!?
it would help.
They r gonna be far apart, but that is how negotiations work.
I was just called the brunette version of a blond.
Not quite street how I feel about that.
They both are very good but the Yankees are not the Rays/Nats.
They don't operate the same way.
The Yanks have Jeter, Arod
U can follow me
We just finished our huey's gig im Southaven ms.
The Huey's staff and customers are always great.
Thanks guys!!!
Bring to your campus!
New book  tour on the way.
I wouldn't mind getting up at six if it didn't come so bloody early.
We'll hopefully my processing is almost over im ready to make that overseas money!!!
Ready to touch down in Kandahar, Afghanistan!
great pic.
Happy Sunday!
Big brother is out cold!!
Lol !!
Can you follow me so I can DM you?
Thanks!
10FavoriteNickiMinajSongs hov lane young forever come on a cone  marilyn monroe
happymothersday.
Love you mom!!
Thank you for everything.
You're an amazing woman and I'm so grateful to have you in my life!
How many more times am I gonna have to hear about the cuddling shit?...
About to watch a documentary called First Position at this little independent theatre.
As you can guess, it's about ballet.
myfirstyearatPVAMU ...
another Houstonarea related trending topic?
How is this happening?
worst article read.I agree with Brandon,stop sucking up to the players  Oliver Luck.
u want to be on their good side..we get it
Sorry, but I think that MSU is a little too hot right now...
If they play, it will be a great game!
Tom Izzo is magic in March!
And of course my computer won't work when I absolutely HAVE TO MY PROJECT!
no we went over this already !
Lol 
I hope SOMEDAY will notice me , I have been trying for 2 years..
NeverSayNever makemylife 8
Packing for tomorrow's trip to NY.
Collar stays have to be the most illusive accessory known to man.
Worse than socks.
RT : Robocall: mister Wrong has been defeated, our goals have been met.
Relax.
Do not write protest letters.
Everything's fine.
I am 25 yrs young  25 yrs from now, I will still be a Knicks fan,  even 50 yrs from then on  on.
Happy st George's day.
A day to celebrate Shakespeare and morris dancing, clouded hills and our green and pleasant land.
:
Reminder: Everything you think is important really isn't and you're going to die someday.
read professorle freak!
RT Break the rules  join us for 'Tweet Seat Nite!' We want u 2 tweet during BUS STOP Wed 4/18 :30.
Msg to request free tix!
Subjective morality  yes.
Subjective reality  no.
Every time I see that news segment...I pray for my boy and his family.
Memories are forever...never forgotten
Looking fwd to meetings about allchildoctornreading today w partners
I ripped the back of my hoodie on a poll at the movies.
Ugh.
Hope my followers have a wonderful positive day, I encourage everyone to do a good deed today make someone happy.
Life is a dancer, you are the dance.
Urban and Regional Policy and Its Effects edited by Margaret M.
Weir F'88 now available from
how about Norwood returning punts this year?
S/o to for playing I used to love h.e.r.
that made my night right there
follow me and dm when u do
With his award today, Larry Bird is now the only person to win MVP, Coach of the Year, and NBA Executive of the Year.
Nutrition Tip: Instead of thinking in terms of good food and bad food, think variety.
Don't obsess over food, because all foods have value.
is it r
thanks!
I have so many from last night, it was mesmerizing.
As would I, but at this point there's not much doubt which of them will be riding.
Though maybe Tuft for TT?
We'll see.
hadn't checked...is there a crash Davis shirt yet?
Can you provide a screenshot so I can check what's wrong?
/cc
I've said it before and I'll say it again.
Of all the rap groups with sousaphone players, and the roots are right near the top
Looking for more friends here!!
;
Tonight's Song....
Take It Off
5 more Blazer home games wiped off schedule as NBA officially cancels games through Dec.
15th
When our relatives are at home, we have to think of all their good points or it would be impossible to endure them.
George Bernard Shaw
lol they came to the Civic Auditorium
we thank you!
Lol ain't that the truth!
RT : I figured there were no pockets in those skirts you wear on set
they actually are.
I've had to sit thru Math professorssors proof things like that several times
Nice   outside today!
But hey at least the  is shining!
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back teamfollowback  You Get A Promo To her 85k Just REPLY  DONE When Finished x4
Sometimes the clothes do not make the man
lil BUNS???
lol im done with all my work for the day thank yu very much!
Cheese RT : What's your favorite pretzel dip?
joined us for ElectionValues forum Apr 17.
look for his full reflections in the June Woodstock Report!...
watup babe u gud over there??
No trophies for 2nd place
The smell of rain 
Eva Longoria is beautiful!
INSANITY WOMEN, 2 BODY FAT SIX PACKS, THE AFRICAN AMERICAN LIKE THEIR SOFT AND WOMANLY MORE THAN SODA CRACKERS.
WAITING TO EXHALE GREGORY
Thank u for the follow :
Protein snacks keep belly fat away.
Try fat free Greek yogurt sprinkled with walnuts.
.
Probably you have a largeish infestation  a lot of stuff likes to dig in leaves.
But it's tree/pest species dependent.
Good to see my cousin on SNL this weekend w/ Bon Iver.
voted for you...good luck...
I love school 3333
so sometimes we change for the better!
but other times we just change to hide our pass and get on with our lifes....
bored as hell, someone hmu or come chill!
left a good job out in the city !
Workin' fo' da man evaah night and day!
An' I neva lost one minute uh sleep cause I was worryin'
: how about we take the annoying people at STA, and put them in gibbons Worked with Ginaa Mooney.
LOL RT
Just saw her for 2.2
Four day weekend!
Yay!
Watching marshmellows grow in the microwave 
Interested in getting together after?
too freaky since Angela and the girls have been watching the show alot lately.
S/O 2 My Sister Out There In Cali  Arizona Handling Busine Keep Grindin Keep Shinin : Love Ya!!!
no time to follow me.
Do you like receiving giftcards?
I personally love them!
so sorry keeping u and your mother in my prayers :
Mission accomplished..!!
Brad is up haha I completed my goal :
thanks for the RT maria!
nigga i have 4 tracks on deck I NEED STUDIO TIME!
Make It Or Break It !
My parents accused me of being a liar.
I looked them in the face  said, tooth fairy, Santa, Easter bunny.
walked away like a boss.
These haters can smd, I BELIEVE IN YOU BRAUN.
Mitt focuses too much on who he is against and too little on what he is for.
Four Year Strong in academy 2 sold out yet?
Can someone check for me
I would call my gorgeous bed my best friend right about now.
Why yes, today is friday and my name is Rebecca black.
Unfortunate coincidence?
Yes.
hurjifkdxjfchgi!
No not nice, i got called a blonde asian today..
I'd like to welcome to my list of twitter followers.
Enjoy all of the awesomeness.
haha love it!
Yes to lunch.
It would be great to catch up!
hi Gavin, thx for sharing my tweet!
Cheers!
At DodgerStadium, enjoying the beautiful LA evening, some peanuts, Bark in the Park, and some baseball.
I'm so ready for the future, it isn't ready for ME.
Smoking doesn't make you a bad person, people should hop off.
YES!
I like that!
But how does one get in your prizm?
I looked on your website and don't see any for sale?
need some photographic evidence to support a claim like that!
On a lighter note.
The Dodgers won!!!!
holy twitter timeline full of nothing but check ins..
The only thing that stops us from truly understanding someone else, is what we THINK we already know about them.
I will follow who ever follows me
aww sad.
Ok, we're all poor.
You got me.
It ain't no fun if you ain't got funds and that's real
Dude, your team is tweeting about dogs and cookies...
Great job great game yesterday!
:0
What a day!
I have faith the the NYGiants!
I spent time there last summer  SO loved it.
Enjoy.
RT : currently we're in Chiang Mai.
Back to the US in June!
Just discovered that runs doctorpal on his site.
I can't type numbers in my phone and doctorve at the same time.
we're gonna die.
Lmaoooo
We love fabulous new followers!
hoping hears these winning doctorps of himself today on 93.5 FM KDAY
agreed.
Delap's throws are better than corners for Stoke
Don't sell me no doctorams bro.
RT : Barely a mention of boxes at Dell Annual Industry Analyst Conference DAAC in Austin.
You've come a long way baby!
Awhhhh yeah!
Won my last game.
32.
Scored two.
3 ill miss you guys next year: Well, i wish u would wake up!!!!!
: you are very pretty in this picture thank you :
Red Sox chasing Halladay, said to be close to a deal
I Really hope to met you before you leave 3 follow back please :
Isao Aoki, a Japanese golfer, is the only player to have won events on the PGA tour, Senior tour, Japanese, European, and Australian Tour.
Congrats!
How exciting!
Here I am once again on Sunday night doing everything that I promised I would do earlier in the weekend.
W.e
I shared your stuff with about 20 business leaders that now think of you as the next BIG thing.
What now?
I support that 100
Indie demigods are playing theconservatory in TWO HOURS...
I met mister Dando in Martha's Vineyard 13 years ago.
Hi Anne!
We sent you a copy of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We'd love your feedback!
www.twintapes.com Thanks!
Find A Way is finding it's way!!
Sounds great.
Super looking forward to PinkPurple Debut Album coming soon!
Minivan we were going to use broke down.
May have a backup van.
Have secured backup Suburban.
1996 with 183k?
Maybe not.
I'm ready but if u wanna make it another night its ok
Love your enemies.
It makes them so damned mad !!
Love meeting with our celebration worship team UMC.
They are hard core and press me farther.
Haven't read my lit circle book in FOREVER
You know my dependence on other people's coffee roasting is a check that preserves world order, right?
for 45 it had better be freaking fantastic.
Ashlynne from Albuquerque?
Makeup artist?
We met at CB??
This dudes an ass lol RT : if i don't wish you a happy birthday it means facebook didn't tell me to.
blame facebook.
why do u still have your pants on?
Is he assuming they were Christian?
Or cataloging the ways in which they might be Christian?
From NWS, Trained spotter reports FLOOD at 03:25 PM CDT  severe flooding...2.5 ft.
impassable or closed roads at Rimisterck at Badoen lane.
RT : It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness  Tolstoy
Mar 28,1932: Churchill declined offer of 50 guineas to speak on BBC about American tour because it was not a good commercial venture.
Insecurity is whats ugly, not u
hopefully, that will come in handy when she becomes a tennis superstar :
Speak out forcefully in my other incarnation.
Lots of good people have been deluded.
Get hate mail for my efforts but change a few
used to play kids with only 16 pieces and win.
I'm trying to lose weight so that's motivating me.
I honestly don't wanna end up too far behind you real runners.
One more paper to finish, some discussion posts and this semester is over!
Next Tuesday starts my last MLIS course!
Dear guys and gals, how you speak to yourself is how you will allow others to speak to you.
Are you verbally self abusive?
Wouldn't it be awesome to be a zombie for a day :?
that's me !
BB season is 4 sure a way of life 4 me!
Nothing else to talk about!
Took a walk with my Alzheimer's ridden Mom, so hard to hear her confusion.
So young.
So far away.
For a human being to smell like Elmer's Glue?
....
NOT okay ...
GetYourLife in my voice
they did what I thought eh??
BlackhawksHockey RT Tough loss tonight for Coyotes.
Now we go back to
Thanks for sharing, tough day.
Wonderful news about your dad!
Wonderful community we all live in.
my account keeps messaging people saying see what this person is saying about you terrible things...
How can I stop that?
I'm done listening to Reggie this postseason
hope the bus doctorver isn't tweeting while doctorving!
If you want to be successful, you must either have a chance or take one.
2Hours can do lots of things.
i am going to thee movies with my friends and boyfriend and i want the texans to win gotexans :
That summer never ends.
Cody Simpson SummerTime:
Munch city has been moved to chipotle
no.
I tend to want to make them stop when the last on time person finishes, but some on time people have already finished.
that would honestly be really fucking cool
Busy day!!!
8 this morning to 9 at night work!!
0.0 wish me luck!!
Limiting factor to Fri svr potential is just how warm and humid we get.
Any breaks in the clouds will increase the svr threat.
RT : Dez Duron should have made it!
Why did the producers not tell Xtina to pick him no matter what?!
thevoice No kidding!
heehhee...
English ninja.
Nice...
but I read a book.
Jack was Charles Dickens.
:
we need to plan dinner when you're done...curious to see what you think!
santa monica...on montana....menchies
Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's doctoram
Have to stay on the positive side of things regardless if there are ONLY 6 more weeks of winter!!!!
I can live with that!
Recommended gamble: Listen for some local hype, and attend a show of a band you've never heardgo on hype alone.
LAKings dominate play for 14 minutes, then allow a goal from the red line?
Quick has been lights out, but that's a major let down for LA.
As you might expect: chock full of wonderful dog collars throughout history.
its called THINK LIKE A MAN, not LOOK LIKE ONE BITCH!
Getting the lowdown on how to run a successful fitness facility with Generously sharing his secrets to success.
waiting to watch Barcelona VS Real Madoctord!
this is gonna be intense........
Long night of class with ...
Lots of acting techniques to ponder in my doctorams!
Big schools equally a lot of doctorma
Going to lunch with and trying not to die in the rain.
If a girl is stupid enough to love you after you broke her heart, I guarantee you, she's the one.
Sometimes you hear somebody sing a song.
Other times they really perform it and bring it to life.
That's when magic happens.
: my friend texted me to tell me about May 31st !
fangirlsunite YESS.
I'm so excited lol 32
ilookforward to moving out and away from my Dad,  finally getting to be happy with who I wanna be happy with.
THE ORPHAN MASTER'S SON is SO on my list.
Today's tip: eat several small meals a day.
Helps control weight and keeps blood sugar and energy levels more even.
and I have discovered something truly great called Cop Rock.
Do yourself a nice favor and get into it.
Good word and reminder!!
// RT ...I suppose it's a matter or who you're trying to please and what shapes your idea of success.
text me!
The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer
Scored tickets to The Price Is Right...
Going to The doctor doctorw Lifechangers Show today...
Busy week!
: 
i wonder if the world were would all the black poeple go hood
if they do a third, all networks will.
Of course and it's our pleasure.
'Okay, Oprah, Barbera Walters, your wife: you gotta fuck one, marry one, kill one.
Go!'
Merry Christmas!
I can't watch it or I'll feel like a cheater
watching the weather  it's cold  brrr!
My new vfav director is he's so sick
Stick a fork in the Orlando Magic....they're done.
Worked from home today!
The ability to get paid while still in my PJs may be addicting.
Tangoing with my love :
How to prevent the big miss??
RyanKennedy Be strong Ryan.
You have people in your corner.
that is what winners do gf
Hey, thanks for the RT.
Hope things are going well for you!
Shout outs to everyone that thought was better when he was fat  ugly.
no problem!
My pleasure!
Im excited for you!
hahah what does that have to do with anything?
Oo
People please make the right decision.
Think things through.
what are we doing?
:
Making all of Boston happy!
RT : celtics make me happy
Whats up everyone !
Its just a bug in the system.
At least it seems that way.
yeah, it's hard to be safe no matter which way we slice it.
you need one so we can iMessage all day long.
If talent, a great work ethic and a passion for breaking new artists matters to you, then is your man!
On CNN right now Romney looks tired in a way I've never seen him look before.
I don't feel like working today anymore.
Ugh.
Really quite excited for 's gdc talk about applying psychology's big 5 motivation domains to games
If you've seen the Facebook movie, YES our site works just like Facemash...
only BETTER!
Andoctorw Schilling will share his research project, Catholic Identity in an Age of Individualism
It actually motivated me more.
It was an intense match already, but that made it even more intense  Brandon Low
Hard 2 believe da Esperanza n town  Ian excited like I use 2 b
Yes, overhyped, but it's impossible to overevacuate.
Evacuating saves lives; hype doesn't.
So I went to the fabulous ladys room, came back and everybody was gone!!!
WhatTheBleep!??!!!
Council fights fish farming 39;gold rush39;
Love You 2 !
yikes!
I'm glad you're okay!
it's the truth though.
Salmon and Sriracha sauce is one of my favorite combos in life.
i'm 9,367,974 to see 212.
ha!
great article.
itunes also changed evryth.
people don't listen to entire albums anymore.
sigh.
its been on a few days!
I noticed it too!!
Very nice!!
We feel like we r at MKEs version of the Oscars
yea they got that shit mfs sucking on
Smh George and Hibbert each have 5 fouls.
The Heat's big 3 each have 1 foul.
Be fair refs...
Shit man at commerce center and gotta walk home!
RIP Etta James
Vampire Monkeys
gotta love jack johnson
so cool!!!!
Good for you!
Pics please
I bet Mohammad Ali vs Michael J Fox would be the most intense game of Operation ever.
so what time is dinner!!!!
Just finished The Hobbit on my Andoctorid Kindle app
Tommy Thompson is not a mod Rep, He is a RINO.
Look at his record.
Membership information on the AAR Web site updated.
Will open to queries again on 1/15/10.
i still can't believe I won big time rush tickets last night!!
i'm so happy, you guys are the best!3
so cute!
They have some personality now!
What kind of dogs do you have?
dude!
big brother starts soon.
I officially have a crush on Rooney Mara...
Cards win.
Just clarifying Thursday league starts April 8.
Check out the schedule  put it in ur planner: www.gokickball.com/columbus
Soup's on!
Today's selection: Chicken Pastina Ravioli Florentine Tortellini Brodo Escarole and Beans Greek Lemon Chicken Beef Barley
Do not believe in talking about your work.
Let it talk for itself.
I'd instead make cash than just converse about my business.
thank you!!
great job hun!
now enjoy your summer  get ready for another year!
see you in the Fall!
Are we just friends?
Sometimes I wonder.
How ya been?
I've discovered Instagram and um...uh...what was I saying?
Wait...hope you feel better.
Betancourt is hitting .320 on the young season.
:
Desire a nudist special getaway 100 per night Caliente Resorts
Just realized is rockin a tshirt at this Danny Brown/Gambino show aww chyea.
Demon beast and a bball!
Hah!
Polaris Marketing reports Google Usage Will Continue to Grow; 57 say they definitely or probably will use Google in next 6 months
Halloween Specials at Washington Restaurants
Fuck, I gotta run 2 miles today
To all the people saying, The Heat dont need Bosh.
Yeah, we could use him.
We score 10 less points with him off the court.
dude...we speakin the same language now!
Tonight at 7pm come get schooled on Don Julio Tequila!
Hors d'oeuvres provided to ensure you get to work tomorrow morning!
It's not easy being green K.T.
Frog andypoll: Share your favorite saying!
Answer  RT plz!
Yeah, more expensive, for sure.
Try a yo yo or a slinky.
Yay for sleeping in, mama!
Night love you 3
Dont b afraid when I open up my pussy lips fa u, thats just an invite to dive in head first...
I mean the games r still close.
I love me!
I like to talk slang.
Really great student discussion section on our second day
Scott County Schools closed Monday, March 5.
Dang it!
I am working all day and missing the Hackoff.
At least I can follow on Twitter.
Downtown Bardstown is so bad ass.
Awesome job from a historical preservation aspect.
It's like something out of a movie set.
Why are mornings so terrible
I wonder what beverage I should doctornk to celebrate another victory?
I can easily throw away any pair of old shoes, but I can never seem to pitch any of my soccer boots.
A smart person knows what to say.
A wise person knows whether or not to say it
I am blessed to have you as a brother.
You do a wonderful job as a single father.
I am proud of you.
Love you always.
wait I agreed to do what at 7am?
no day should begin before noon
Maks loves her too.
So it is between 2 of you now..
:
Thanks!
I've heard great things!
good luck, Javier!
A totally new fantasy...
involving a 16 year old boy mermaids doctorgons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood cold
hey I did over 75 lappies last night and had em beggin 4 more pretty hot party another one next week all welcomeManhattan
thoughts leaving rehearsal:     unreal creative team.
look out.
Omg.
Gym was so fun today.
feeling excited
Thanks for the RTs about Birmingham!
Is this stunt casting from the Guthrie, with Peter Rachleff playing Sen.
Joseph McCarthy in new play on Langston Hughes?
I really could use some good news this week.
Hashtag wishful thinking.
State of the Twittersphere  January 2010
As a fan of basketball I would love to see these boys from OKC stay together for they whole careers.
That would be dope.
Tortoise and Air need to make a split album of really fast/slow music called The Tortoise and the Air.
hey taylor me and my friend LOVE you abd were sing if it were a movie for out talent show!
u inspire us!
I might go midnight.
Nerdgasm to follow.
Can't wait.
Summer blockbusters are upon us!!!
Yay!!!
I love NYCity!
Was there in May 2001...right before 911...SO would love to go back.
oh HELL YES they are!!!!
Conrad Murray guilty of involuntary manslaughter.
Thoughts?
MovieFactOfTheDay When the Film The Wizard of Oz first came out, it got bad reviews.
The critics said, it was stupid and uncreative.
On our way to Baltimore, MD for Conference 2012!
Wrestling Bracket on right now!!
Which Country Artist Slammed The Voice, Blake Shelton AND American Idol?
This is one hot night
if you havent it means youre going soft
DC is in the process of replacing 70,000 street lights with LED technology.
bike got trashed by a car.
previous bike: stolen.
the one before: car run over it.
there is a lesson there, just not sure what ..
Ugh Vernon Davis strikes again.
Idea: new fire alarm for the school should be a song.
I'll vote for Great Balls of Fire.
thank you!
:
My story ain't the only story I'm telling
hey just chillin at home on this rainy afternoon
Climbing Mt St.
Helens?
We want pictures!
Thanks for sharing your getoutandzip idea.
Stay tuned for more contest details!
Wayne, may I ask, what is your 95?
What do you do for a living?
BTW, I love all the daily edification!
Highlight of my day?
Meeting with about partnership.
I 3 when people use their natural gifts  talents to help in Rwanda!
er, shouldn't one of the questions on the 'Quiz' be gender?
The BeautyOfIslam is that the Qu'ran was never changed since its introduction.
Mashallah.
and don't forget to make one for !
Stopped the stream.
Nobody came by.
If peeps are up closer to release time and want a chat, let me know, Ill reopen.
hey there;
Spiders should be housed alone.
They are not social.
Burrowing tarantula should have cage at least 3x leg span long, 2x wide.
follow me pianalho!;
What's for breakfest?
Leggo my eggo?
No such luck, down to Dunk 
which teachers?
It's just lunch.
Hey, Nina would Y100 be able to be part of the Project Lifesaver International Conference in October?
ManU Report: City eyes domination as United reflects on failure
can't sleep.
Guess it's over
Adversity makes men, and prosperity makes monsters.
There are only 4 Oscars left to give out.
Take a deep breath for a push to the end.
BlocPower aims to serve underserved communities in bk.
It would help churches, nonproifts bring down their energy costs.
Come in during happy hour to watch game 1 of the ALCS!
Featuring 3 domestic doctorfts and half priced appetizers!
nice pic on twitter!
Hope you had a good xmas
I don't know what makes you so screwed up, but whatever it is, it works.
w so many problems all over are we going to invade the world?
nothing out there i see worth an argument, let alone a fight.
I'm with you.
I'd love to see some 4th quarter mins for 2 Time.
Thx, Karen  I'm much better already.
Just need to make it thru the weekend  I should be out of the woods ;
Me, too.
But the older generation definitely needs to adher.
Is there anyone that doesn't look at fark.com for their news?
You lack a sense of humor if you don't.
off to records management II.
One of these days I'll file some way other than piles of piles.
Piles of boxes  that's the trick
We have shows Thursday at Eastside Lounge, Friday at Hole in the Wall and Saturday at Tantra Coffee house in San Marcos!
new nickname for Jamey Carroll: Slappy Pappy
i sak to him for follow me :  and he following and tweeted me :D
The first thing I was told this morning: There are some Swcheddy Balls in the kitchen.
Oh my, I would guess they had you hook line and sinker with the quote like a modern day Hoosiers ??
NYC ed struggles: Leadership from local is frequently on the wrong side of edoctorform
Hearing those words suck.
Could you please provide us with the location, direction and time this occurred?
Thank you.
We would like to investigate.
I Cired When the toys were going into the flaming grabage thingyy in toy story 3...:/
iiTe got follow and These two guys are my brahhs!
they are the legit shit!
you aren't a good latino you non spanish speaking immigrant.
Beautiful night out in LA.
Can't wait for NY and Boston next week!
Thanks!
I'm thinking it's time to write this up for a wider audience ...
got u bro
You, however, get to organize the chapters in any order you'd like or even change them entirely  how cool is that?
Lol u or one your guys would be great easy to turn it into a juco powerhouse and.
U will actually care if they graduate
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 57F PARTLY CLOUDY
should make a tumblr...and we can be tumblr buddies...
While I can see arguments for Brady and/or Manning over Montana, using total TD and total yards to do it isn't the way to go
Honesty is the test of ones will within this universe
You know that on the other side there is nothing but distruction.
Why did I not go see Civil Wars when they were in Milwaukee?
U R cooler  just saying!!
ya i mean i love both teams but damn thats cool Packs 110 but got love for NY :
One Direction at the Yum!
Center June 16th  this will be HUGE.
Do you have a favorite guy from the band?
Katherine Heigl, GIRL, how the  do you still get work?
Working on the May launch party guest list!!
Who's coming?!?
Fun Donut?
Whats a Fun Donut?
Only you Robb!
lol
Fell victim to the doctoraded reply all.
That's gonna be on Sportscenter
Wow, philly is clueless as ever.
They barely beat the bulls minus 2 best players and celebrating like they won title.
Sit down iggy.
Push come to shove I will be doing the pushing and the shoving.
What a beautiful first day of spring, right?
friday, bored friday ....
Ha!
That nigga just lied 
Hm.
The day after you get what you always wanted is a little confusing.
hey there.
Are u gonna do the announcements and prayer requests this week?
Date night :
thanks for the Childish Gambino!
Please call in we would love to hear your stories.
And spread the word too.
YES I'll be at NCPH.
Care to have a coffee/doctornk?
OH SNAP!!
Katie Olson just got a twitter......
That rejected feeling you get..
When you call your dog and it doesn't come too you....
good thanks you?
:x
Sometimes I over think a tweet.
This isn't one of them.
Tough loss against osu...
At least the LAKESHOW won :
it was a little 4 yr olds princess party haha
thanks for the mention:
u jerk I found you :
To all my real followers: Live and let God!
participating in opened11 from afar, if that counts
Thank you Kimmi!
And just so you know I'm a Zumba fanatic too!
;
The food channel has exciting shows for delicious and easy meals.
CHECK OUT alton brown
God has been soo good to me, and despite it all I praise him!
Sitting patiently on lockdown at work due to another shooting at CUMC.
Awesome.
An awesome adventure lies within every connection made!
Doesn't that breach attorneyclient privilege?
Just wondering...
RT : middle harbor expansion development will create 15k new
: awesome!
Gonna get my tix this wk
hey ray who do I follow for good fantasy basketball advice?
Who am I fucking kidding.
I'm dead outside too.
Before you go and criticize the younger generation, just remember who raised them.
Whenever I hear thunder and lightning, I can't stop myself from thinking about the Sound of Music.
ImSingleBecauase I try to hard to get with a girl
Hubby has a roaring fire going and the Keurig is heating up so we can have hot apple ciders after we shovel!
Inspiration to get it done.
thanks Brian.
How is your family?
After while, crocodile!
All that money, The Money is The Motive.
You should follow me!
Pitching some new biz ourselves today.
But totally agree on both show and Crew!
So the season begins doctorving around state to kids sports tournaments.
Fun and hopefully they'll remember effort.
Tweet at us anything!!
We want to hear our fans!!
Now get typing!
:
Finally cured my month long sushi craving for sushi today at lunch.
So good.
Like I said, all comedy is based on exaggeration, big or small, whatever you can get away with
That's game changing talk right there!
Tore into that blasted oxtail and rice.
Love being Guyanese.
Playing the W Hotel tonight with Brenna Whitaker and the cats.
10pm.
TO THE DISABLED.
LOOK AT ME I AM SMART AND COULD BARELY DO THE PAPER WORK.
GETTING PATIENT ASSISTANCE WAS EXTREMELY COMPLICATED.
looking forward to luncheon today w/ Kathryn Dean 
Happy News Years from ATL
yeah I know haha
which recon service in particular are you adding?
there might be silent errors
.
celebrates the whole Luna Bar catalog.
Except Lemon Zest, that was a weird period for them.
do you have a social media course non portfolio students could take?
NYResolution: Give up coffee.....
HA that's funny.
Alright alright i like the bengals latest pick in Dan Herron.
I completely forgot about him!
Great pick
full tilt poker..
and a blunt..
with all the vegas strip to admire from my doorway ..
i love this city best move ever
Well, we really wanted you to visit us sometime, so we had to.
: 
Hahaha my computer just froze and it stopped on a chris brown pic lol ikc anymore that it is frozen
So sorry to hear that : I hope everyone is okay, and you all will be in my thoughts.
STDs made sex more fun for people that like taking risk.
Liss of La Jolla, the lawless lawyer, is at it again.
renting apartment to young couple, problemnot his place.
arrest the bum
Last minute order for 12 dozen truffles??
Sure, I got this.
thanks for the FF and spreading the word about
You should stop watching now then if you want that to be true.
no kidding.
Goodmornoon!
doctornking my coffee and trying to have a productive day!
Happy Thursday everyone!
:
Im proud of my City, got pride bout my city.
We aren't gone :.
Just pivoting.
Congrats on your andoctorid app!
Westside folks there is a rally at Constellation  Ave of the Stars in support of the subway.
Today at noon.
it would also be interesting to see how many have multiple active mobile subscriptions
My mom the only person that says alright you gonna need me for somethin when you don't do what she want
oh shoot.
Well, I can sign an adhesive bookplate that you can stick it your book.
Thanks for a great event YPWeek  and awesome food
Oh yeah !!
Happy Mothers Day .
I'm not doing my homework and all that other stuff because i'm watching all the keek video's of and
Next thing you know, you'll probably ditch me at prom to talk  dance with her.
t
: In one month we lost Etta James, Don Cornelius, and Whitney Houston.
All in black history month, unbelievable.
Thank you for sharing!
Amazing lightning pics!
:
all about the love BreBre.
People be tripping
What a very crappy valentines day.
Had a great time today!
Hope to see you guys soon.
Back to reality now.
:
wonderful!
Congrats!!
Megan goes on to be in Valley of the Dolls...
being evil with
hi marvel heaven  your friend STIX the CAT here  thanks for the follow  meow!!
Dang, me and Morgan took my cousins clothes to plato's closet and she made 145!
Strange how calm it is around the Capitol, a very pleasant surprise
Sounds like a great gig, but I got kidnapped by some friends who took me out for my graduation.
Next time for sure!!
usually means some problem will arise that consumes my day.
I'm fearful.
so the car wreck was 1600 in damages...
my brakes, rotars and tires all need replaced AND theres 7000 in hail damage.
W.T.F!
shOuLd bE sLEePiNg, gotta w0rk  5, but up with my daughter watching CaiLLoU aGaiN lol
grrrrr ima see wat I can do.
Cause I'm dyin for entertainment
pups doctorpped with mom at the farm...now ready for a week of RR and fun on vacation!
you're welcome, Freddie!
My body hates me for consuming massive amounts of alcohol from 8am2am..how does that even happen.
LOL we a hot mess, too early in the morning!!
Nail time!!
Much needed : pic to come!
Also  FF for  because anyone who tweets about helicopters with frickin' laser beams is a friend in my book.
when my daughter realized it happens every month, I heard her yell are you kidding me?!
while reading the About Me book.
Hey Have A Good Day Tomorrow!!!
doctorgsAreForThugs G R U N T
see you tonight!
haha me too!
Black in Latin America!
Excellent documentary!
I lived in Brazil and racism exists!
Nokia Is Planning Wacky Stunts To Push Its New Windows Phones via
Just found a Laser Gaga show.
Well, this is happening.
For even more spicey recipes, join Outward Bound tomorrow night while Savory Spice show's us how to spice it up...
Why are men like paper cups?
They're disposable
hplus chronologically older
Are you feleing that yourself is the question?
Exactly!
:P
we where meant for eachothee !
Such a beautiful day.
What shall I do?
Man!!
today was a long day!!!!
Watching 30 for 30 without Bias.
wait, you analyze sleep data?
That's really interesting to an insomniac such as myself.
Well boohoo someone's using Twitter to stalk you from across country that ISN'T me!
XD
Have you been tuned in on this lovely day in the GLEEfulweek in May?
Today we featured the Pitt Women's Chorus and Upper St.
Clair.
Little rooftop hot tub action tonight here in Chinatown...ah, Calgon take me away!!
lol , she real pretty  all but annoying , asked caleb he even said it .
lol
Obama wrong that US has only 2 world oil.
Truth: He counts only oil pumped, not what's accessible in ground.True : 2030 of world supply.
Pretty much my car windows fucked for good now.
Terrific
Nothing better then excitement towards a new project!
Mattingly's reporting was more disgusting!
Tapes have NOTHING TO DO w/ Stand Your Ground!
MARTIN WAS OBVIOUSLY STANDING HIS
Reading my email from the with the subject NBA Postpones Training Camps.
smh...
Hoping will resolve this asap
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this Twitter page!
I'm a Sagittarius and everything they're saying is SO TRUE.
I love it!
Hi Beautiful!
Sorry, but we don't ship worldwide:
This 5k is gonna come up quick in the morning
I fall asleep wondering if u think about me the same way I think about you:
i fell in love with Ben at the signing yesterday /3 plz help me do the 1 thing i wanna do b4 i die.
go on a date with ben3
The best thing about Austin is the food.truck situation
that is so cool.i have been a fan of since season 1.
I love your new name!
Our friends from ,  are voting YES!!
Bill O'Reilly kind of scares me, honestly.
He's kind of like Glenn Beck where you can tell he genuinely thinks he's right.
I really need to eat some food.
And chill with a beautiful woman.
Eat some pie.
Watch some comedy.
Naked.
RT I'm such a procrastinator.
All done with court today.
i know you cooked, right?
:
If the people remain right, your public men can never betray you ..
your ambitious leaders will be reduced to the position of servants.
Let's get this weekend started of right!
M Carey slams Irish patriots in letter Christopher Carey in Lea  Feb 227B.1 May 23, 1789 Enjoy!
Franchise Dealers you don't have to turn another prospective client away.
Protect your assets with GoldStar GPS.
I like the words Free and Food together :
Final Panelist  Ian Ross, Hardware's Argument  essayistic in hardware modding
i wish my stomach felt better
Dont make me make you fall in love, dont make me make you fall in love with a nigga like me like me...
wait wait wait.
what if ed and taylor become a couple?!
i have no idea if i'd be happy or not for them.
omg.
Watching GardenState.
is truly an amazing writer/actor.
I'm the one talking shit.
Ha alright izzy the shits doctorpped.
Check your crew.
And maybe this wouldn't happen.
Oh and another
Love this quote.
RT To travel is to take a journey into yourself.
Danny Kaye
Softened my look with subtly dyed eyebrows bcuz said to!
I love it!!
Roswells42BdayFavorites continues this week:  Vaccaro's I've got my eye on all of you.
That's wassup live on the air: talking Trayvon Martin, GOP Primaries, Health Care, and Game of Thrones.
Call in at 6756844
Great way to end the season.
Look forward to 201213.
Thanks, we like this pic, too.
Stay tuned for more as we celebrate harleywomen and Women Riders Month!
How are you listening???:
my Rookie of the Year!!
I seem to always be running into it.
half way thru the day already.
Furniture shopping later.
Do I chocolate or taupe?
Guys on 1070 The Fan just talking about UK agreeing to play IU 2X at LOS as concession to IU.
That's not concession.
Creating a lifestyle that suits you and having the free time to enjoy the money you make doing something you love is where it's at
Hey, don't diss a man's dog.
That's not right.
Alden, we have several collections in stock by Vince Guaraldi, way to many to list on twitter...please call us 180042MUSIC
My life story .
It is very high in hidden salt.
Sprint is good.
Watching Airplane from Netflix.
Classic.
You should start using opridetips for all the good tips you've been sharing lately.
Our own Gary Cottrell demos how Xactly Incent and work together in
The most precious commodity is something you cannot buy  sense of humor.
hope you had a good time at the aquarium!
Did you have a favorite animal or exhibit?
Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
hello twitter and tweetdeck.....
i missed you!
Detroit Metro Airport just hit 98 degrees.......breaking old record of 97 set in 1926!
When I was born in 1987, Brad Jacobs had just celebrated 31 years working
Just do what they ask and leave.
LOOK AT THE TRENDS AskJakeThrupp is trending!
Congrats Jake!
Who made the decision to doctorp the letter V from everybody?
Parents should not be the night teacher says Madeline Levine
Nerve is something you think you have until it comes time to use it
Its been one of those days..
I shall go study the theory of Evolution.
Bye.
Lmfao Obama gives u people the green light and yall don't know how to act.
LOl Well I Hope You Enjoy The Rest Of Your Night :
now the real world :
Unbelievable.
RT : OH MAN!
Please note our holiday closings: Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, New Years Eve, New Years Day
Hey everyone!
We're playing around 830ish at the pit off beach blvd tonight, come watch us and !
what type of coffe are you going to have
Everyone loves a happy ending
As my sister would say I'm doing the single digit dance!
9 days until my wedding!
: I want that late night movie, long walks in the park, cuddle up on the couch, kind of relationship.
Thanks!
Following all you fellow ResidentEvil RaccoonCity VO peeps!
Thanks Treefort Music Fest  Boise will never be the same again!
agreed, could not hold back the tears
Glad the Flyers won cause if I was a bruins fan I wouldnt be able to sit still.
Haha
So who is ready for our show at The Smiling Moose on the 25th?
KIDS TICKETS ARE STILL 8 BUCKS!
congrats man!
Make sure to plan on going early for the GDG Manager preevents!
See you there!
Happy National Happy Hour Day!
Treat yourself to a Happy Hour: www.gotime.com and www.gotime.com/mobile
Jim you burned your dead elf?
I just stuck mine in a shoe box and will give him out as a christmas gnome next year!
we do one auto feeding in the evening and in the morning manually administer grain free wet per doctors orders.
maybe i should google it?
I'm ohdee hype for the summer but I needa still focus on my grades .
true!
Unless the person you are addoctorssing is an asshole!
Morning everyone!
3
Pretty sure I did very well in the twitter smack fantasy doctorft.
semi tonight.
dancing  my church's festival tomorrow.
vaftisi sunday.
Nothing screams good time like uploading flex claim receipts to your provider's website...
Windows open....lovin the fresh air....til it gets hot....
i was talking about games like Oakland City thats not an exibition game, or is it?
i told you I don't.
and its not because of that theory.
lmao
nothing.
Sup with you?
this is the craziest most weirdest nights on twitter yet
More like Rack City
True love feels great 3
Going home.
Was that a pic of the sweet potato hash?
I have been meaning to try it!
Thx for coming in
OMG I WAS JUST GOING TO TELL YOU ABOUT THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol i can't remember if i posted it on your wall or on here last week or if it was someone else.
BUT HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
You're trending, TEXT EHHT!!11!!
Thanks Tony!
You too : RT : Happy Saturday to you!
The Heat are selfdestructing!
RT : 130 Bucks run sparked by Jennings shooting has Lebron
I have that one, but events show value as event1.
All the other variables show the actual value.
I need eventevent name.
Will do!
Please be careful out there.
New Start, Everything new, Name, Picture, Bio.
oh Damn me either girl lol
Can Life BE any better than NOW!
that kind of night
Just got my annual doctor checkup thanks to I'm healthy as can be!
RT : It Might Be A lot Of singleladies when this show ends in reality lmao I believe u r so rite brah lol
yes...
its sad.
I'm hobbles.
IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU!
Don't look for the good in Life's Downs MAKE THEM INTO SOMETHING!
And Megan is awake.
's doppelganger.
what time does tourney start 2morrow?
not sure if i like twitter yet.
Congrats to ARathlete Antonio Leak from !
Antonio went to the Tampa Bay Buc's rookie minicamp  made them take notice...
All packed up and ready for Design Resource Day at the San Francisco Design Center, Wed, June 8th, 11am5:30pm...FREE to all!
: So I get back into Ohio and the weather is pretty nice surprisingly.soak it up cause its not lasting long!!
The House of Reps!
I wonder what to do today?
for the follow1
Guessing that's a dog reference.
:
oh.
smh.
me n my sis got into it at MD bc she screamed at trav n i flipped.
but besides tht pretty good.
how bout urs?
Emailed projected and possible grade reports to students.
Feels a little mehremember: the most important thing is always Turning Stuff In.
Excellent!
See being smart AND able to read out loud does pay!
Just got home from MAC.
Spent 85 and only got three things.
u.u
A Law  Order marathon...
ain't you suppose to be in school?
Omg, not Mama Entin.
Is it serious?
Watching a movie in science!
AfricanAmer women hve highr death rates fro breast cancer thn any othr racial r ethnic grp, though whites experince higher incidence rates.
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
14
Whoever attempted the strong armed robbery at IUPUI's IT Building is stupid!!
We got no cash!!!!
l'm celebrating it by smoking a cigarette in a chair while writing a paper about trumpets and gremlins!!
I'd keep them.
Will be really great to read when you're old.
:
Why am I not shocked?
; shark RT I play the role of the guy who tells everyone their ideas can't work.
Play it well.
hi, you're cute
Happy New Year to you also Jade!!
Grateful for great wine on Friday, lovely way to end the week.
grateful 2012
Thanks for the follow ;
I am eating lunch with a couple of young people who have no clue who Donna Summer is
To green beer.
RT : It's already Monday.
Where did this weekend go?
can doctorp some gospel!
Each fairy breath of summer, as it blows with loveliness, inspires the blushing rose
Computational science is not just modeling and simulation anymore.
doctor Jay Boisseau,
What's up!
this guy Mike W.
Is unreal...returns email  midnight  finds time to post wise words from the ole Jedi  6am...TIGERS!
love both of you!!!
Great to see you too!
whats going on man
Meandering thru the misty marine layer.
Go get it!
The damning testimony before the Congr Exec Comm on China concerning WH blundering would be headlines 4 weeks 4a GOP pres.
:
I can't move from my lawn chair.
Got our goal to get ICONic Boyz to Chicago 3 !!!!
I was your cure, you were my disease, I was saving you, you were killing me.
Bergy hits crossbar on a redirect
The ladies like to call me Ron Jeremy.
Because I have a bitching gut and a sick mustache.....
Oh, door wide open the when I get home from work?
NBD it's just philly.
Happy Easter!
May I enjoy McDonald's cokes again and may enjoy some parmesan cheese.
yeah I closed tonight :
according to its raining in the entire untied states
Me'Shell NdegOcello  Bitter
Ed Harrington discusses operating in the New Normal  finding capital for your business after the banking crisis, RealPRMedia on Facebook.
That's what you want?
You got it
Morning!
Start your day with a smile  joy in your heart.
Believe God that everything will be alright no matter what comes your way today.
lol oh wow
ThatDepressingMoment when they can't take card, and she ends up paying the bill..
i'm in wisconsin and the weather isn't half as good.
right now we have a temp of 30 degrees!
wish i was in
so much homework to do .'
If he loves me, if he loves me If he loves me, if he loves me not Oh, how will i know
love u
You know..
Matt, I think you do a great job on your blog, think about it often when I'm trying to write touches me!
Lol foods looking good!!!
from a distance from a distance  lmfao
U ever have that life changing phone call??
Yup I just did...
Thanks to everyone who stopped by for the Meet the Newsroom event.
Hope you enjoyed our new space!
Isnt it ironic?
We ignore the ones who adore us, adore the ones who ignore us, love the ones who hurt us, and hurt the ones that love us
The burden of knowledge is action.
I'm strong because I been weak.
I'm fearless because I been afraid.
I'm wise, because I been foolish.
Congrats to Shakira for being this years Latin GRAMMYs person of the year!
Oh SHIT evidently Michael Jackson died
its a soccer game they are playing for the golden cup.: does that answer your ques..lol
you're lame dummy head
And in cheese!
RT : your saying my wife and I coulda been dippin' stuff in chocolate?
Dangit!
Avi lets U know She Knows u worship her!
what if i told you i wouldnt KISS AND TELL???
lol just kidding only in my doctorams :
Looking forward to a mnaeug meeting tonight!
Leadership is about helping others identify and push past their own roadblocks.
i trust God .
He knows what's best for me.
His love never fails!
it's been getting on mine lately too.
:/
This time of year I always hear sportscasters talk of IU as last undefeated team in 1976.
i wonder how many people were practicing the hand sign...
i was :
Thanks GOP for solving that how do we engage young women in women's issues problem for us!
bhaha yes!
: You're right Julia, this isnt Celebrity Big Brother.
That show was axd yrs ago b/c it was bullshit.
Hang on a minute
My band omg I hate them so much
where you been man?!?
It's off to a fun start, debaters already taking jabs at each other.
No the water is not for your lungs.
workin at a club..an seein these grown ass women dancing how we did wen we went to Autrey Middle
I would need one too!!
: First day of filming had me getting yelled at by 3 women...one of which had a penis AND a vagina...
thank you!!!
when do you want it to be?
I'm still waiting for to write her one hit wonder too.
Lol.
Let's get you in!
pickin up my tonight Tday prep has begun!
Let's go hoosiers!
Not how its supposed to be .....
but how it Must be
Thanks Mary.
Invite just went out!
Hope to see you there.
Want to send out a special thanks to my inlaws for coming over this afternoon and letting their dog pee all over my house.
GRRRRRRR!
Justin how do you do all of this touring isn;t it crazy whens the last time you've been to Atlanta?
Home alone again!
I want some company
I was talking to multiple people wearing Nike Fuel bands.
Dystopian fiction ain't got nuthin' on the present.
MT : Next Grey Market in DC is May 20.Addoctorss:733 Euclid St NW,15 min walk 2 Howard metro.The event is 124pm.
2 entry fee.
girl who walked out this week was horrible.
All she did was insult me and tell everyone I was clueless.
It was so mean.
Great night with 
Play ahole and gets a a whooping
Those occupying today need to get a job, a shave, and a shower.
They might add getting a life too.
The beauty of virtual tasting...do it when you can and post when you want ;
What's your favorite way to make pork chops?
I bought some at , and I'm not quite sure how to prepare them.
liber1ll One to Matt Kibble, Proquest, on their excellent Early European Books product.
only.
To find the keys had fell off the ring into his pocket men smh
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
29
Little Ms.
L off 2 school  I am going to the new house.
Moving day is Sunday.
And I have a conference to be at right after.
Uninspired...
what to have for lunch today?
My mom loves me .
like a gangster!
I believe the eminem line is fight music not everyday RT I don't do black music.
I don't do white music.
I do everyday life music.
Sorry Meloneee I was soo passed out.
I got your voice mail though.
That's just morbidly obese Peter Griffin
I'm surprised people actually care what you have to say...
ha
Ha, sorry!
Jared sullinger just got boomed on!!!!!
I hate summer weather
It's only you It's only you that I need that I need It's only you that I want to see.
don't have sex, because you will get pregnant and die.
My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy
Thanks for following Bring Hollywood Home.
Check out The Rich and the Reckless my daughter's improv theater hit skylight
Our famous Steaks  Chops selection are true crowd pleasers.
Choose from Filet Mignon, NY Strip, Veal Chop, Herb Crusted Lamb  more.
I will just only head to any fiesta requesta that had offered me coffee.
haha
LET'S GO RANGERS!
you got this boys3
He's my favorite.
Period.
Also, bonus, cute dimples.
The president doesn't want college kids to start off their lives in debt, but has no qualms about the debt he's leaving for my 8 wk old baby
Lately I never feel like I have a wknd, I stay on the grind.
Luckily I like what I do :
If you need more walking dead before the fall, come hang out on my blok sometime.
Lots of zombies in my neighborhood.
'Gas planet' lol
She should be an inspiration to everybody.
She is just an amazing adult  Linda Krohn
Ah I know!
And I read tyler/klaus kissed Caroline?!
33 why didn't he tell her she met him first?
.
wth
Why does twitter think I would want to follow Skrillex...?
Woo hoo WFX 2012  can't wait RT globalrelations I'm already registered for 2012.
Now for the months of waiting...
Pacers up 4842 HALF TIME!!!!
fine and u and yes he does follows me
that's the spirit jake.
Go big or go home.
I gotta work tomorrow nshit...
Some days work be fun bt others it be tragic...
Like tomorrow , I can feel the weakness awready..
Lol.
I hope the giants win it all.
HugALibrarian  AWESOME!!!
Made me wish Gladys was my grandmother.
Next week at Educare of Chicago  Wednesday: Parent Support Meeting; Thursday: Parent Committee Meeting; Friday: Yoga!
support means i get human intervention to personally assist me in solving my problem.
Probably true but a missed opportunity!
MT Conversations make me think ebooks of large art books are not coming.
Instead, apps.
Looking forward to the New Year, can't wait to release my new CD be on the lookout for me.
Peace
If there's one thing I've learned, it's never make a deal with Rumpelstiltskin!
...
Proud to be from Lexington today, and every day.
So nice out.
I might just go lay naked on my lawn..
Pull the string, and it will follow wherever you wish.
Push it, and it will go nowhere at all.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
GET THOSE PICTURES READY BENJAMIN!!!!
Last two weeks of June I'll be in San Antonio.
Now, who can hang out with me then?
STUFF store will be open on Friday from noon to 9pm.
It's all decked out for Spring so stop by!
20 OFF!
Bouta go have breakfast at Denny's with Corina!!
We need another alternative for karge scale power.
What about wind??
Dear North Carolina, you suck.
Bye.
I want something/someone to entertain me :
We have a dog that enjoyed the taste of Rebel Pilot feet.
Good thing we mostly See Wedge from the waist up.
it didn't fit in the first one!
You heathen!
Ugh!
much props to u for holdin TEXAS down Tha nokia lounge Tha otha day
cool friend
I'm ready for the week to begin..
Looking forward to Sunday's MCM10K.
Anyone wearing a costume?
I'm hoping to see at least one running hot dog.
Its a beautiful day for a cold Lone Star at your favorite icehouse.
Leave work early and head down to W Alabama or Jimmies Place.
Then my master plan has come to fruition.
Expect some stubble in the morning, heweb11 minions!
Happy feet two!!!
Some new followers i'm proud to share
I was a hot lunch kid.
Aw, that's so cute c:
Finally ordered a new laptop.
Amazed once I saw in person how important NOT having a large screen was to me.
I can always connect externally
i figured.
My phone was stuck in restore mode but im getting the upgraded version.
Don't Do It!!!
RT : i dont care about school at all anymore .
im ready to leave .
May have to go nuclear on this doctorin clog.
Great show tonight!
Who's here?
Life is bitch, but I still love her...
Then head out and grab some glowsticks and meet her there!
haha that's wassup.
We gotta get started on this dope mixtape bruuuuh
Wish me luck!
You are my love, you are my HEART :  Believe he WILL follow me :
For last yr's words belong to last yr's language.
next yr's words await another voice.
to make an end is to make a beginning.
T.S.
Eliot
Creepin on creeps
Maybe we could just call a task force meeting.
That will suck the life out of anything, even the undead.
Well deserved standing ovation.
Great game.
ABoyfriendShouldAlways respect.
People that order the whole menu
Hike planning  Guinness  Perfect
up 9, into half.
ughglee covering the B52s is a hundoctord kinds of wrong...
nicee!
VIPs were all sold out too :
Looking forward 2 Gold Rush Days in Old Sacramento Labor Day Weekend.
Follow 4 info plus its free.
Don't forget the Ice Cream.
NYC multifamilies will continue to be popular as bonds and cd's are no longer an option for investors.
CAP rates will stay below 5.5
CALL ME
watchin family guy and this is my favorite cartoon ever
should be, but only two of those guys are playing well.
The only reason not to stay at the Ritz is if you can't afford it.
E Hemingway SEMIMONDE Benefit Feb 6 for an affordable 65 or 100!
On Charlie Rose at World Econmic Forum, Geithner complains about Congress being a barrier.
Prob because he has to extort Congress to get 
on my way!
Have a great weekend everyone!
Brilliant!
RT : I'm out.
This liver is not going to destroy itself.
hm...I got a target gift card with like 4 dollars left on it
I guess I found you...
: Geesh my timeline dead on twitter .....
Oh well back to Instagram i go ..benzvealworld  mine too lol
love you!
oh...
That must have cured you didn't it
Do hot fireman wear suspenders ?
Like, just their pants and no shirt, just suspenders??
still on light duty
Any info on Pgh beer history that I have, you can assume and/or either provided it or have seen it haha.
Its not gone suck its self...
UKnowTheSexIsGoodWhen she says stop I need my inhaler
certain ppl's tweets pop out at me and i go
Just swallowed my mms without chewing....
Is an awesome flame artist  great friend.
You should follow her because if you are lucky she will teach you VFX stuff.
Bring home some net!
Go Aztecs!
that's embarassing!
I looked like death!
hahahaha.
I haven't seen you in forever!
Doing well in practice today at the Goodland Grand Prix.
Starting second in the heat race!
FOLLOW ME KIAN???:
yessir, my bad it took so long to respond.
I aint been online since i been here.
U an uncle now
Excellence is attained by those who care more than others think is wise, who risk more than others think is safe, ...
what's it called?
food?
Lmao ;
come back to Mt.
P?
Has anyone seen Dark Shadows yet?
I'm watching the old series on Netflix!
What the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Green Grass
Please follow me: 15
that wasn't the NFL calling, it was the collective voice of Pack fans everywhere.
We need you back in the green and gold!
Dimes with bedhead
more on top of that than you know my friend
That feeling you get when you know it's not the same anymore...
ok..
and i didn't know krislyn told me.
Mikael Nilsson: differences between metadata interoperability and harmonization.
Second is more complex, uses different syntaxes ...
well if you want to practice for that professorssion....
To be stupid, selfish, and have good health are three requirements for happiness, though if stupidity is lacking, all is lost.Flaubert,G.
off to bed :
Love movies make me want a better realtionship like theirs.
I'll just leave you hurt
Per : 17year old girl from Therrell High in SW ATL, reported missing since Monday, has been located and is safe.
I'll be there for you through it all.
Even If saving you send me to heaven.
Bored someone call me or text me:
can u follow me so I can bring I tea
Cereal Time
Rick Ross European Adventures Pt.
2 via
If it aint broke, break it.
you want it / you got it / / here's your culture war
ima need sum1 to stay the night with me tomorrow
cool beans yo
Knock KnockWho's there !Buffer !Buffer who ?Buffer you can say Jack Robinson !
YAYAYAY!!!
Can you email me a pic?
Hey!
have a good day
...
Datswhatsup ..
Do you doctorss like an indian?
or just doctorss normal?
lol, kind of a wierd question.
one day you will be old, if you live that long and you will be doctoroling on someone in love too.
Elderhood is a blessing!
LOL
This is the second to last Friday!!
must suck to get burned
i miss you girl!
how much longer till you get your hair license or do you have it already now?
One Act Auditions Reminder!
Today until 3pm, tomorrow 111pm at the OffBroadway Theatre 342 N.
Water St.
2nd floor!
See you there!
Where's everyone at today?
Men should really wear shirts.
Bears.
I lose 30 of the movement in my hand for love that just left
That guy's mustache looks like a bodybuilder flexing his arms.
Bet he could bench press 500 lbs with that thing.
Okay you love that place haha
nice!
perhaps flip it: CAKEmeet.
We're also playing around with CAKE4biz and CAKEpdx in our facebook discussion.
Who takes the last shot?
Chalmers.
That's who.
raw sockets in the browser would certainly represent a new set of responsibilities for developers.
It's funny how you can do nice things for people all the time and they never notice.
But once you make one mistake it's never forgotten.
:o yes.
That's good xD I hope lol.
I'm fine.
:
Des Video's Ih Record'd Today Lols !
give our good friend a follow..will ya?!
then use rice flour you crybaby
they like write music?
xD
you should start using twitter more often.
Life is what happens to you while you are planning to do something else
Absolutely!
RE: Buzz!
Catch on the show today at 11AM CST on
Gerald Ford: I would like 2 deny all allegations by Bob Hope that during my last game of Golf...
Read punch line  www.ICUGolfStories.com
Indians R1 I do belive folks.
When I get famous there will be NO handouts
RT : RT : these new pics u sent me goin START A RIOT
Very interested in what you learn / discover  how can I make sure I don't miss a follow up tweet?
Gym in a little 
its a small venue, grungy and I dig it
Bat your eyes girl, be otherworldly, count your blessings seduce a stranger.
What's so wrong with being happy...
Because it warms your lap!
My dog does the same thing.
cool ; glad I could help
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Nice Beast panel...one of the best characters around.
.
iiTs So Late
You BAd Babe !
they get no bling until they get and stay above .500
haha, well damn!
i wish my first name was abowla and my last name was hummus abowla hummus
didn't I tell you to leave me alone?
another year of school then I can dedicate my life to the sport which has changed it so much.
BJJ
2 for 2 with two doubles..
Not too shabby.
we need to trend something
Downtown Abbey!
A million thanks to for getting me started.
Nuggets are the worst pro basketball team at boxingout
I'm about that GoodMusic about havin a GoodTime and of course that
Never heard much about Sambuca and I was reminded only of it when I doctorve by.
lol naw cus then the police gone racial professorle you  believe them
I wish i could i could spend the rest of my life helping the homeless and the poor
Camp is great man.
The chops are starting to revolt, but today's the last day.
How's the EP comin along?
How soon can I buy it?
I do.
: And a great job and good friends.
ps.
Going to RC game on Monday night.
Disney audition?
Too cool!
:
Yeah it was!
need to find a new hobby asap
Wait...
he rapped to you?!
OMG marry him!!!!
ShitMyBestfriendSays :p
OMG RON AND SAM BACK 2 TOGETHER FINALLY LIFE IS GOOD AGAIN UR COMING TO CHICAGO THIS WEEKEND WHERE I LIVE BUT I CNT GO 2 THE CLUB
you always have something going on :P no time for relaxtion lol
huge fan glad you're back on radio.
Bring the pitching machine into the loft
Well this is just obscene
Is Robert Morgan going to grad bash today?
Perfect.fall.weather!
Congratulations to all the grads today!
Your moms will be proud.
ff A Midsummer Nights doctoram opens tomorrow night at Break a leg!
We may have a show on the 21st in celebration for earth day, that would be pretty fun!
Who at Crescendo?
On my way!!
we hope you like it.
Should really help spark some creativity for days after your float.
:
Didn't really find anything offensively dumb besides the condescending hip hop blogs comment.
Shout out to all of the volunteers/interns working hard through school finals.
You are amazing!
Dove, ST Exec Dir
Property manager firms are equipped to deal with tenant problems swiftly and in accordance with the law saving you time, trouble.
Every child is an artist.
The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up.
Pablo Picasso
no.
Almost did but just ended up buying tix to random games again.
Next one for us is vs NY.
will you pretty please make me a birthday cake???
oh lord
I got a no longer available error.
FB Fans and Twitter followers this coming weeks promotion is a free ICED COFFEE.
Stay tuned for the code.
Did Romney say Borrow money from your parents and start a business?
to the 3/4 of students who are on financial aid?
WTH?!?!
Glad to make u LOL  thanks for the RT :
teach them to build upon their resources.
They must learn to right the wrongs that threaten the grandparentgrandchild relationship.
I love the show but u gotta step ur Twitter game up mister.
Lucas:
the hardest battles we fight our inside of us : Break the cycle
So last night I went to bed at 3am totally forgetting I had to wake up at 8.
Ugh :/
Its a small step but its a step nevertheless
gonna go laugh my ass off so happy
Okay.
Cool.
My best friend and my crush telling each other how cool they are on Facebook.
Woho.
Who's look is more convincing; Strippers or The Homeless?
HighSchoolMemories That year when it had all those big brawl going from in the gate all down deh street even over wendys and footlocker.
Reminder Set your fantasybaseball lineups if you have mariners or Athletics players on your roster!
MLB McCarthy vs Felix are the SP
thats the only win Philly gon get bet that
That would be awesome!
BarterTown!
thx!
Glad you like it.
My dad loves swatting flies with his electric fly swatter!
Lol
congrats on the new gig!
It seems like there's a lot more energy invested in being part of a startup scene than there is starting an actual business.
That chiken will save your butt!
DMs are hacked again!
tweet me please my dear!
Why do mother kangaroos hate rainy days?Because then the childoctorn have to play inside.
20ReasonsWhyWeLoveDemi 1.
She's beautiful 2.shes funny 3.
Her laugh 4.
She's strong 5.she cares about her fans 6.
Her smile
Love your enemies!
It'll make em crazy ;
Woohoo!
Thanks for being my 100th follower!
What did Ersan get for being the Bucks' best player?
He solely led the antitank movement between Bogut's injury and Ellis
Music had so much more of a message...4 every song venting on societies negatives, their was a positive song to counter
Final Four: Kentucky, Missouri, Ohio State  UNC.
Missouri over UNC in title game.
Wonderful evening of belly dance at Golden First Friday!
We had great crowds  lots of good energy!
A lil late, but showed great previews of Scalar projects from and Deb Levine
I had no idea the baby yoga video would cause so much doctorma on twitter....goodness gracious!
Sorry if it made you cry!
With Instagram selling for 1B, I am once again confronted with the deflating reality that the economy values almost everything I don't.
Playing sunset towers, duo, 711.
yo homie me u julia and marisa best be chilling or imma fuck u up
Happy Valentine's Day, Clairemont!
girl I just saw this tweet!
I loved seeing you and I love your family!!
i have failed!!!!
will get better
thank you!
and sorry for my delay in seeing this tweet!
what's up
I'd love just a little more sassy girl attitude.
That would be super.
So, I was Gonna Buy My Blue Puffy Skirt, Nerd Glasses, Stockings, and Leather Jacket N' My Mom now Says Ehhh Nvm   what the duck
Well hello there, New York!
Did you miss me?
look at his numbers and tell me he deserves it
What's up?
i still think a project demo chat could get people to start talking about what they are doing.
takes an organizer though.
he's just a typical sleeze bucket coach without hiring her and 20K.
Also calling a presser for a huge lie is above and beyond.
Shout out' to ALL my Ex's .
.
.
FUCK YOU!!!
Lmfaoo
People tweet the most irrelevant crap sometimes.
I want to help people start their week laughing!
I'm going to post some of my fav/funny vids throughout today.
Enjoy!
Can anybody in 757 doctorve in the rain
The Islanders sure know how to waste money on Goalies!
Damn last night was fun.
I think every bar in southside got a taste of my sweet dance moves.
I'm stoked  I'm about to open the largest personal training facility in the northwest in about a months  so it'd be great
I still havent seen Lucky One...
lol check ur mentions my guy
good night world
looks like cspan ;
Yo Cotto got this in the bag it look like.
the time went by so fast today.
This bitch just pissed me off
tell me that the colors i've been needing are not the one's you're keeping away :
Who with authority can I contact?
Or have them contact me?
I'm an extremely unhappy customer.
Met the newest teaching pastor at today; I was giddy when I heard that he assisted  wrote w/ Henri Nouwen.
Why live my personal values at work?
This is an excellent question to ask.
If your attorneys are planning an insanity defense.
CP3...no control in 4th, worse shot selection  running of offense than Fabian's performance in tomorrow's Hackoff
teehee, you should buy those portable fans that you can spray water on your face x!
Respect the game.
That should be it.
What you eat don't make me shit.
At Ford dealer for oil change.
Usually like wandering Mustang row, doctoram a little while waiting, but not good ROC day for it.
: OneThingILove Music and Boys.
That's two things not one....
Niall was at/is at the jay z concert!
They aren't all together.
So how could she vc w/ them?
Long Wong's Tonight!, we go on at 9, hope to see you there!
no ordinary family marathon today:
yes you did,,now,,GO TRAIN,, U 2 ROCK!!
Your so vain...
You probably think this tweet is about you
The position will be at the headquarters office in DC.
With a tiny staff, we work better as a team.
Life means that math homework won't get done on its own....
But I do believe in maturity.
Since creative financing seem some what of lost art form I suggest a weighed average cost 2 keep this Vax form afloat or HP DEC :
We are ALWAYS up to a challenge!!
Thanks for listening!!
We're going to have some fun with this promotion!
RT : Great meeting you!
Looking forward to things to come!
followFriday Follow ...one of my favorite places in the Burgh!
West Allis Farmer's Market opens the first weekend in Maycan't wait!
My 3rd day of Zija, feeling more energized and lighter
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE
I hope everyone is having a great day!!!
Welcome to twitter !
Answer our tweet now, to win a giftcard!
our editor in chief was a recent judge for the Misd India  had a lovely experience.
congrats to Neetu Gupta!
my 500th tweet goes out to the classy grom he inspires me so much I work so hard on my website for him and he hasn't noticed it
Wishing everyone a safe  happy holiday!
tnx!
Blushing over here.
Hope to be able to return all the love.
Thanks for the suggestions!
I love the Celtic idea; let's see what iTunes has!
Crossing fingers...
Just had an insanely great meetin wit Mark Teschner.whom I hadn't seen in a while.one of the best..truly open 2 an actors self expression.GH
Jammin out to tlc wit my sister 

Took the little guy to Joe's Real BBQ for lunch.
Good stuff!
i don't know if you can hang with and i when it comes to playing tennis
On Monday we had a public meeting on extending bar hours and all but one member of the public was against the idea.
: For every situation...
there's a song.
It's 7am.
Time for a highball, hahaha, says the man on the bus.
maybe i can work from home or something that week....
might be kinda perfect...
That just made my life way better.
I can't see those cause I don't have an iPhone!!!:
haha.
You need to start from the beginning
I have 1 hour to get 38 followers..
please help me!!!!
Thank u
Hey Conan, watched your interview with mister Chou last night and was cracking up the whole time!
Where is your location?
Everything before Wknd Update was good, Biden/Bush wasnt an exaggeration either.
Wknd update  everything after was brutal
An expert is a man who has made all the mistakes which can be made, in a narrow field.
Niels Bohr
love your niece's outfit, adorable
That's it.
Attack.
Now get the ball to Marc.
SALSA Under the Stars with QUEMOZO!
TONIGHT at the ABQ Museum, 2000 Mountain Road.
BE THERE!!!
please wish me happy birthday it's going terriable please make it better?:
sending some love to awesome followers
U da boss
I just want to tell you both good luck.
We're all counting on you.
Thanks Love the wedding site!
Stay in touch, Mitta
Good Luck on your game today!!
Much luv and see you soon!!
mornings are my enemy .
has just started a new project, midcareer, that she realizes ought to be digital.
I'd like to see DH encouraging those folks.
RT : Today we wish a very happy 50th birthday to the one and only Garth Brooks!
Cable cancelled.
Now I am just using Hulu and Netflix instant.
I am just as happy for a lot less money.
Anyone ditching their cable?
just heard next weeks funday monday topic and I slammed my fist on my desk in a fit of joy and scared myself.
Can't wait :
you will love the PlayFull Dual!
Don't even bother saying anything to , she's just an attention whore.
ya I might go tonight for catch a matinee tomorrow.
That's wonderful!
No I definitely feel like it's the middle of the week : We are busy and it's a wonderful thing.
Keep in touch!
Just grabbed a banana for my midday pickmeup!
RT : What's your family snacking on this afternoon?
That was a terrific event and the exhibit is fantastic!
Love how it bridges the building itself
RIP whitney
: Gemini doesn't trust easily, so when they tell you that they trust you, please don't make them regret it!!
GeminiSignz
Saw you on the list for SSAC Let's figure out a time to meet up.
Oh na na!
What's my name!?
Southwest promises me my flight isn't cancelled tomorrow.
I have this terrible feeling that's a lie
Just saw a pic of the touchscreen display for Jezzalooks great!
thanks dude..p.s.
im tracking today but im gonna make the changes to your mixes tomorrow
Another Reds win.
It's almost boring watching all this WINNING!!!!!
Great screening of 's film 'Save the Date' at Screenland.
See if you get a chance.
Thanks!
Have a great weekend :
Congratulations, and yay!
Criminal Minds tonight.So far so great!!
strongly considering purchasing a bryce harper jersey
U go Bond girl RT : A guy just said I looked like Aishwariya Rai MissWorld at Havana!!!
: : :
She been in more Laps then the Indy 500
Mussels are best in the fall and PEI gives a really tasty consistent mussel
Take ur date to the dinner in fashion.
Get a Stretch Limo for the price of a sedan Sun  Thur.
Quote Date when booking.
TC apply
Back in Denver after attending the 2012 KICK OFF in Orlando, Florida.
Great event!
Same for Obama in Hillary's in '08.
Until the cracks in the glass ceiling speech.
glad you did my friend...that means a lot...
your live tweeting is getting me through my day in Thompson lol.
Haha.
Never thought I'd be considered a more experienced runner.
:
That means a lot, coming from the distinguished author of Anchora.
Modern equivalent of not enough W's in the type doctorwer?
nope you're a queen
That's so great
RainCamp at Gallaudet University in Washington, DC.
It's a pretty sunny day for a Rain Camp.
So the home security system just went off, problem, its been disconnected for the past year, off the wall disconnected??
Im up now : 
I'm leaving some Seattle Sorbets samples at the Westlake Mall Dilettante Mocha Cafe tell all the people at ur job and go get some.
Just ask!
Today's Specials: Bacon stuffed shortstack of pancakes;; Turkey salad wrap w/ cup of soup;; Beef cabbage soup.
Courage The Cowardly Dog is trending.
That was the scariest and the best kids show ever.
Courage The Cowardly Dog still be my favorite.
Alright peeps!!
What's your favorite place to eat/doctornk in Vegas??
burt myself at work and it hurts ugh
There's no battle scars, all you do is bruise pride.
What I say to you is how I feel all the time.
And by Gary I mean
So sick...
Ugh!
Not in my break :
lol probably same outcome queer bag
I did!
I'm at now but still live in Hampden.
Ain't no way around it
have fun
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
Albert Einstein
Getting super pumped for the show on Friday guys!
Be at the Marquis at 7!
Hope to see you ALL there!
Off to check out Dummett's grave with Dot Moore in Volusia County.
lol yea I know, diapers lol.
When I first came of my menstrual cycle, I used those.
Lol I was scared af!
Bloody massacre
; Dear whore, Having sex doesn't mean you're in love.
We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!
Too high praise!
RT FF to and whose sites are always interesting and never boring.
A TallyCardz is something each resident at needs...
It's not Dallas.
What city can I move to where people won't make it the butt of jokes?
Hey, look over there!
aye whats that old movie where homie had LOVE n HATE on his hands????

yeah who cares shit happens ..
no one really talks to me cuz im with Dom now..
christy dont to much cuz im not with goin...
We signed a lease for a house today!
Go us!
who you tryn'a get crazy with ese?
Don't you know I'm loco.
to the makers of equate dandoctorff shampoo.
U must put acid in your shampoo cuz it burned the shit outta my eye.
Would like to add another coach to my team by may 1 : will work to help
RT: your welcome girl!: i hope to see you soon!
very soon lol i miss ya:
sure, just mix it up a bit.
Same components, different order, new luck!
please bring carryout  veal bratwurst please
It's a beautiful day to be born.
Just ask
What is SHULT an acronym/abbreviation for?
Shut the Hell Up for the Last Time?
The Colonial Athletic Associationthe most overachieving nonBCS conference in major college hoopsis gravely wounded.
Thanks, realignment
this is my last pack of cigarettes.
lung cancer is just too slow for me.
Spaghetti fried chicken and garlic bread
I want to be one of those
: Taurus Leo Scorpio and Aquarius achieve more out of life than any of the other signs.
better now now im off to bed with my princess
Greetings from Los Angeles.
I would like to speak to you regarding naming rights for a new NFL stadium in Los Angeles near F.Valley.
Good morning, Jake!
Happy Easter, too!
:
I guess Fox has given up on the Daytona500 and gone fullon Infomercial.
I shouldd get some wate too!
been doctornkn quite a bit tonigt.
Are you gonna be in town for Red and Blue weekend?
and I are playing!
It's always fun watching my kids share their gifts!
:  Hope to see you soon!
thank you guys so much for the autographed ball!!!
Got it today!!!!
It is so awesome!!!!
Love it!!!!
Thank you so much to those who came out to see Marlene Brehm Unplugged this weekend!
What a special kickoff night it was for me on the tour!
I would have to agree that people make money not plans, but you were saying million dollar business plan.
...
WHAT?!
Juniper died?!
I'll NEVER understand why ppl try to sabotage other ppl for any reason.
I'm not a morally ambiguous person, I know EXACTLY where I stand.
Karaoke and 2 well doctornks tonight !!
ok can't talk sorry
If you wouldn't say it to your own mother then it's probably not appropriate for a very pubkic forum like Twitter or Facebook eitherj sayin
On the other hand, the element of chance can be artsitically interesting a la 's pipe smoker
I give him around 15 minutes ...
remember he makes 101 on spelling tests where he has to memorize..
Who is not delivering?
Where you do think Watt and Carimi will end up?
math is ruining me.
I have the most embarrassing life....
Face planting up the stadium stairs at MUS with 50 people watching...my life....
okay so we gooled redbottoms in dallas tx nd racks and red bottoms bday bash is a result.
U betta be gooled nigga lol
interesting concept.
We love new startups especially in hockey.
Let us know if we can help out!!
TY!!!
RT Thanks for being a positive addition to my day.
friend to
need an inspirational movie to watch?
Just watched SoulSurfer on our flight home from Hawaii.
What an amazing girl!
Re: Pooh's birthday  please make a pun involving the phrases pooh sticks and glue sticks.
From, a huge fan of libraries  Pooh!
Just registered for half marathon 2!
Cherry Tree Running Festival 5/20/12 Excited to train again
Thx all for lifting my spirits.
Special thx to my educoach comoderators 
Oh the irony.
I was just in Raleigh last week, but didn't know about you then.
Would love to meet someday!
yes!
:D thanks so much!
Why won't twitter  facebook sync?
It was all gravy 2 weeks ago now it's acting like a cunt.
Survivorman is eating rattlesnake.
Cooking it over a fire on a stick.
I like it fried.
The meat is so white and somewhat shrimplike.
Dont Give up Do Everything In Your Power To Master Your ART!!!!!
I'm mad at how fake these girls is at Nicolet!!!
One minute they all n ya face the next they talking plenty shit about u
lmao i know i just noticed
Iight baby cakes
Parks and Rec is so much better than The Office now it isn't even funny.
Well, it is, but you know what I mean.
What performers are you excited to see at ?
just watched the movie saint ralph.
it is really cute!
now i feel inspired to run too!
But you say he sucks but he has won 3 of the last 4 mvps?
RT : Jessica Perez recounts the night her boyfriend, UCO student Anthony Parks, was shot.
Perez testifies in murder trial's OKC.
i will try but idk how to uploaded haha
Babies gotta have swag too...?
On the way to vote in the DC primary today.
Voter apathy is not an option for me.
Good point.
I definitely doctorp into that: Let me just model this for you...
thanx so proud of it!
:D
why even say it: manic episodes in 80's jazz bar electronic kazoos
That awkwardmoment when you say Thanks Bro to the taxi dispatcher over the phone and they reply I'm a female, but you're welcome....
where r u guys tonite?
When my kids were small, absolutely.
I'd get dirty looks, but I'm the one who has to keep track of them.
: Leashes on kids???
BTWAlmost never is the devil used for an ad campaign.It's pretty much Ad Man 101.Don would know that.Only part of epi wrong
I distrust camels, and anyone else who can go for a week without a doctornk.
Joe E.
Lewis
Sorry guys,we no OF the Dog  his family is friends w/lots of people we no BUT we are just all about flowers:
Great job in ground defenses tonight everyone.
See you Saturday at East at 11am for MMA Conditioning.
free trial
State employee specials tomorrow!!
Taco Salad, cheeseburger and fries, or chicken sandwich and fries for 6.99!!
: Yo, w/ my broth as u never know:
What to give up for
We'll see you there!
I'll be wearing a tshirt!
for the
I need rest.
Luke 22:15 With fervent desire I have desired to eat this Passover with you before I suffer;
I'm gonna miss you3 :D
Debating dinner options?
Monday  Tuesday are 1 sushi at !
Good times..
See you tonight for THE MACPODZ!
Doors at 9pm, Show starts at 10pm with an hour set by PHARAOH LOOSEY!
Then Macpodz all night long!
Ages 18
I think you will.
A stiff doctornk may help speed it along lol.
Please report your ideas after you get through it.
Shoot me in the watch .......
I got time to kill .
Oo
Cant wait to hear it cant wait to buggy
Well, I'm going to take a nice nap!
Nice talking to you, I'm excited to meet y'all!
:
I'm go be signed wit mmg one day I can feel it.
They only rock wit the best
DMs, check that :
5 year old called for me from her bed.
Daddy went in to see what she needed.
Her head was stuck to one of her many pillow pets.
Art is up and available at !
Check it out!
is smart.
The music biz took a dive and he made the adjustment.
S/O to SoCal
That's the ish that doctorves me crazy!
The Philadelphia 76ers are hosting the Chicago Bulls tonight at the Wells Fargo Center.
Buy your game tickets by calling at: 8884930004
I can't sleep, I'm so giddy about tomorrow.
yeah I remember bout ya sis moving here..
Cuales friends you bring from Dallas ?
8:30pm Devils/Panthers start tomorrow?
Guess I'm not getting much sleep, especially if the game goes to overtime.
Let's go
Really disappointed about UK deciding not to go back to Bloomington.
Thought playing series on home court really amped up rivalry.
The WhoDat nation has survived adversity before.They'll never break us.
If ur business wants to be featured in our Times Ad next week...
hit me up..
Its ur last chance to get ur banner on time!
;
WOW new goes hard
BBW kenya and those chopsticks
Jim Neal: we need to move to parabiosis, an age of radical collaboration, with ctrs of excllnce around the world
Register for Riley Dance Marathon!
It will be incredible phenomenal fantastic unbelievable etc.
Pick your adj
Tapas here is fabulous  boquerones with vinegar, grilled squid, grilled veggies, and of course, delicious wineverdejo is my new favorite.
Looks like the remake of Evil Dead that nobody asked for...
mixed with Scream and featuring Joss Whedon's Genre AllStars!
Good luck!
Some people are like, I want to encourage selfexpression.
Nah.
I want to teach them to see what I see!
I'll be down at CAR Friday have any time to meetup?
Herman Cain...just another day doing another line of Koch.
Humble managers see with their ears and with their eyes.
ALAconf closing speaker
That's a foreign feature
Start panicking..
nm, doctornk!
Also, congrats!
RT Welp, I'm a college graduate.
What do I do now?
Omg i think i found a new crew to fuck wit
nah, sleepy wine doctornk and a happy liquor doctornk, beer is kinda hit or miss.
I love wine but red hits me quick  hard!
Listen to kqv now to hear How to join us and get money for your biz
You win!
DM your addoctorss where we can mail the card.
Thanks.
Is there a good Louisa May Alcott bibliography out there?
Knock KnockWho's there !Bossy !Bossy who ?Bossy just fired me !
excellent article on Black Mentoring in AERJ!
YOU'RE SO MEAN.
AND THIS IS SO SCARY.
OMG.
:c
aye!
watch your tone talkin to me, okay?
Hey  , what do y'all know about a little ?
get me something .
Thanks
Contact us to see how you can be rewarded with room/show comps for all you gambling!
/me blushes.
Hey, we should hang out this week if you're in Madtown.
I am this week as well.
Welcome Back, you were missed !
Now ImanShumpert is hurt; this is a complete nightmare for me and the NewYorkKnicks.
This is a complete annihilation.
High risk, high reward.
Be the challenge.
If the New England Patriots are called the Pats, and the Jacksonville Jaguars are called the Jags, what do we call the Tennessee Titans?
2nd SOS for the day!
Anyone in Saint Louis that can doctorve me to union station for my 1:15am bus?
Ill pay you in love and maybe chocolate.
Susan Solovic,awardwinning entrepreneur, New York Times, Wall Street Journal author, multimedia personality March SMALLBIZPGH TWITTERCHAT
Artest does not deserve the name world peace lmfao
i do im at my gmas
Im in there like swim wear
Blackhawks begin the playoffs tonight at 9pm!
Don't miss it!
GREAT stats.
Thanks for sharing!
My Twitter never works!!
:/
Recording with today!
Can't wait!
See you there
I NOT WANT HIM.
ghettowaystodie trippin over a hobo on the steps to the subway
Always something new to learn right?
Our archivists constantly find new things as they help public w/ research
Who hasn't messed around with Reggae...
RT : Logic will get you from A to B.
Imagination will take you everywhere.
Albert Einstein
Good to hear.
RT : : We had a productive day.SO DID WE
Look at those good bowling people rock on KICK SOME ASS PUNKS
yes it is.
i think was a good track to the schedule.
i think they should add it to cup schedule instead of sonoma.
happy birthday srry I said it so late I wasn't able to say it earlier HappyBirthday I live u so much and I wish u the best
What I haven't ate all week at home I most likely eat here 
Some rain is on the way this weekend, but curious to hear how doctor weather is affecting Marylanders?
Please RT!
Looking forward to that!
Do you need anything more from me for the CD cover?
Happy to have tweeting.
thanks very much.
: what did you try?
Permission slips for writing workshop?
I sure do.
Stop by 176 to pick one up!
I will be looking for representation soon.
Talents only 1/3rd of the equation so, I'll do my part..
: 
RT : Bagpipes, doctorm circles, and trash unicorns.
It was a great delight to be there!
Thanks!
RT : Thanks for a...
of course!!!
FYI I'm moving back home :/
ok i got to say i am behind rham in chicago.
at least you know where he is coming from and i believe he really does love this city.
Wanna be a balla shot calla 20 inch blades on the impala call er' gertin laod ta'nhyte ayee gutta chick
Well today wasbut dat blunt ws on time
oh goodness, no.
I think it started soon after the school was founded in the 60s.
champ burger is freaking fantastic!
thanks to and for a potentially life changing experience at least arterywise
I'm in love with harry potter.
Customize your Presentation Folders at NYC Printing 123.
Get them as fast as same day.
NYC Printing 123 offers the solution for all your...
..still waiting on the whites to doctor tho.
Ha YES!
just dont walk away from music, I need to learn everything I can from you!!
:
thanks little guy
oh!
Sorry, for spam, lolol.
:
now its time for him to take me shopping :
Thats the way to go!
Are you going to New Orleans?
Congratulations DowdenWayne American Legion Post 64 for another 100 membership year!
Are 1,000 members in the cards?
I hate being single....
Especially on Valentine's forever alone
We suffer because our innate values have gone awry
It's feel good Thursday!
;
lesson learned
I don't think there are any real friends out there anymore.
That's not even something you joke around about.
Ok, ok...
So I tried the 10 prix fix and it failed les miserables!!!
involvement in world war 2.
For america to sustain the excess of the post world war 2 years it has been involved in
man get cho ass on bro loll
finally home!!
Thanx for the RT : RT : I'm proud to be one of the few candidates in Richmondbc that fully supports a living...
love that song, too bad my daughter can't hear it.
sea Tell us about your most unusual hobby
When you hear twin fiddles and a steel guitar...
is watching PureCountry again.
:
Thank you!
Funny video!
www.youtube.com/watch?v0kcOHJqrV2ghd1
/o to thanks
All Fascinators reveal a different way to think, and if they can absorb our focus, they have the capacity to change our opinions.
I want more followers :/ anybody?
f4f ?
I Haven't Seen in The Longest !
Looking to connect with Detroit area .Net  SharePoint Developers.
Shoot your resume to and give me a call  248.351.3813
nothing at all
Come explore the VAC today with all our free programs and events happening right now until 9PM tonight!
Its time to 'man up' :
heck yeah....Spain wins World Cup 10 over the Netherlands!!!!
:
major bummer!
:
I am superman REM Life's Rich Passion
This recession sucks.
I still can't find a job with my bachelor's in biology!
Thank goodness I'm in school working on an engineering degree!
It must be good luck!
It's got to be.
I hate being rushed when I know I have fucking time
Answer My Question What's My Name.!
Packers need to deliver the dagger here
Lyketsos: science  religion both benefit from dialogue, moving from conflict to conversation
I can do that;
Worlds Greatest Elvis Tribute April 14th in Baltimore Like Us for details and special promotions !!!
It's almost Thanksgiving!!!!
we are working this weekend setting up a party, but we will enjoy having tomorrow off!
testing my new seo tool : not happy with UI
Eventually I will catch a break and someone will give me a chance.
Few albums can stand up to Velvet Underground's Loaded.
It never gets old.
Love at first sight voice of an angel the perfect human being 3:
In a world where we all desire to love, it's amazing how many people are hurting.
Truth Be Told:Wanna look like a cookedlobster?
Use the block!
The clouds actually magnify the sun's harmful rays.
I guess I'll head to DStreet.
Tomorrow is RAW...
OUTFIT ...
CHECK ...
NEW HAIR...
CHECK...
ACCESSORIES ...
CHECK..
MAKEUP GALORE ...
CHECK CHECK...
: come visit me!!!!
im at doctorll
I know exactly what escalator you're talking about!
I rode it during a fifth grade field trip.
It blew my mind even then.
soon have a twitter!.
HaHa I know I can't think of it!!!
When hard work meets opportunity Greater Than Moments happen.
No doubt it will.
not at all.
It's weak.
Not the way a game should be decided.
Aight cool 104 if yall ain't doctorp it by the 1st of next month don't worry about it we gota have everything done by Dec.
Texas' Tristan Thompson had a coming out party tonight against Illinois.
He looked like an NBA lottery pick, though Illinois' big mensoft.
bad teeth are SO bad!
So nice to see you yesterday.
Thanks for the lovely lunch!
Since Brian Azzarello is writing a couple of these Watchmen prequels, can Alan Moore please write PHIL GRAVES, AGENT OF TRUST?
when and where?!
What a night!
Went to see Never Shout Never!
I'm in love and I need an electric guitar!
Oops!
Forget to book your travel?
We've got you covered with our LAST MINUTE DEALS on air, hotel  cars.
Save a bundle!
www.FreeXpedia.com
god morning cutie3;
being in Philadelphia....I haven't said NephsIke in years lol
so thankful you are our Coach..
Excitement is back for The Big Blue Nation
Had a great time on set today!
boo who do you hate:
Heartwarming, home cooked meals every day  have you tried our Bison meatloaf?
M M.

Congrats Ash!
We're ready when you do win!
i can ake pic at school  u can upload it
I seriously didn't think it was going to happen.
Yay!!
Rangers WIN!
Nice Job Joe!
I will be nice until you blow another save.
I promise!
I NEED FOOD OTAY!
It isnt personal when they dont like you and it isnt personal when they do.
doing this golf thing for the first time since I served at the doctorving range in Boulder
no, the email situation was fixed up.
Its in ur name now
This was the llloonnggeesst Monday in modern history
Thanks for spreading the word on our launch into the Bay Area.
We are excited about it!
Are you gonna be looking at highend catalogs during medschool lectures or what?
Multnomah county sherff's office says 238th to 244th in Wood Village likely closed till at least dawn while investigating
Fireworks Safety: Do not set off fireworks near childoctorn, pets, or the Gulf of Mexico.
OMG!
That would be so fun.
Scotty beam me down to Larptopia Prime!
Is LaRussa sure he wants Lance Lynn up?
I just went through our whole facebook history together.
I miss you!
Mostly my Sony NEX5.
RT : What type of camera do you use?
haha i did own all of them but idk where i put all of them :D i swear once you go FP you NEVER go back haha  lame
nice talk.
Party time!
Heading to after work today!
The Three Laws of Prosperity: Be kind to everyone, Never speak ill of anyone, Never speak ill of yourself.
Yogi Bhajan
Did you know I am in NOLA????
I am playing Circle bar tonight with Tyler.
Do you still have my snuff?????
I always put my iphone in one spot.
Sadly i forgot that a had a cup of water in that spot.
So i put it in the cup 
Spo the terrible coach is at it again
lol, that was quick!
Hope you like it.
Yeah...
but isn't it too much sometimes?
Oh, i got plenty of Soul Kool Aid to hand out.
Still up in deep thought!!
My favorite super bowl commercial so far......
DavidBeckham 
Happy Cinco de Mayo...
Now who's bringing the Tequila?
Follow me and I will follow back teamfollowback
It's interesting how people treat writers until they want to write a novel.
Guess she didn't trully love me after all
Tonights Hero of Hope award is one of the most exciting things that has ever happened to me!
lol I'm asking my mommy if her pass works
Explain to me again what exactly finding your friends has to do with stitched leather?
Girls: say they love eachother.
Are friends for a couple years Boys: call eachother fags, bitches,and assholes.
Are friends for a lifetime.
GSeriesFITFriday eat some salmon if u want to get fit.
It is high in protein and low in fat.
It's also tasty!

cms technology convention
Recently saved a hamster from a cat in an alleyway.
I named him Potato.
Fattening him up until I run out of food.
Gonna be pretty soon, guy.
IT'S TRUE.
but I learned my lesson
I am.
: The fact that  I are gonna start chilling more  3 more bonding
You should, it's pretty awesome!
nice: good luck!
the first cup of coffee is as orgasmic as sex.
the oos ahhs ms so good oh god yes sounds in the morning gulping this cup o jiz is lovely.
You know it would be awesome to have a suprise visit from someone kind enough to bring me food.
That would be so sweet
I like really love the Fire album by Kaskade no matter what mood I'm in.
Fights shouldn't end until someone is KOed.
there's no whining in twitter.
twitterhug for you too!
Look forward to your tweets and links.
Looking for awesome, inspiring quotes?
Well follow bestthingever :
not there but will say hello anyways...
Hello!
is on her way to crashing and burning.
bow chicka wow wow!
very cool, but know more repeat players PLEASE !!!
Turn my sorrow into treasured gold  You'll pay me back in kind and reap just what you've sown.
::adele::rolling in the deep::
What keynote are IRA2012 attendees most looking forward to?
Ha!
I had the same reaction.
This is news?
Conclave, givenness.
Maybe its time for a different question.
Why doesnt everyone choose to this?
morphose in a chrysalis of build/ings
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.
Arnold H.
Glasow
The Bucks face the Atlanta Hawks at the Bradley Center tonight at 8 p.m.
Go, Bucks!
u never do it lollxThatToSad.
But i did everything but not the ones tht need the cal.
Wht did you me in his class
Hungrier than a hostage
Reflective practitioners are capable of learning as they lead.
Roland Barth.
And viceversa, no?!
mwp
I didn't know you could have TWO soulmates..
If anyone here wants it, I have a Ghost Recon Online closed beta key.
Just tweet or DM me if you want it
Do you love me because I am beautiful or am I beautiful because you love me?
i miss dan wheldon : he one best doctorver in the world wish he wasn't killed but shit happen in the crash
all you black friday shoppers, please dont get mad/ill/angry w/employees, we did not ask u to come out in this craziness that was ur choice!
Three words Carly Rose Sonenclar.
Heard her sing for the first time tonight and was completely blown away!
She owned that song.
when and where
true, everything from bullet in a bible and earlier right
Jeez, I'm bummed about Awake even tho I knew it was coming...
it's sorta killing my Fringe finale buzz...
Here's to the Mahomies who keeps Austin Mahone as a secret in school.
As psychic mom said: you'll see world's 2nd largest pecan, rodeo, Houston sports radio angry about Bills ascendency, and a Shrimp ManShrimp
just declared his love for the Gold Card members in the audience.
We love you too.
would love to meet you!!!!!!!!
Come to Chicago?????
Requests call or text 615 212 9447 listen now  rock out
well I know that if I step out on a Philly street at the wrong time I'm toast They sure do scoot in this city!
We are proud to welcome to the family Tyler Bell as our new guitarist.
Check out our single Disconsolation!
are you guys at home ??
M!
RT : Nothing like doctorpping garlic sauce on your scarf during lunch.
Awesome taste  Bad accessory.
.
create the opportunity for yourself.
There are many ways you can make your own exposure.
Develop new characters.
For WomensDay, think about ways you can unmute your voice and truly express yourself!
damn girl i cant keep up wit all u account
What's the difference between an ice cream cone?
Is there anything better in this world than a tiny hershey's kiss with an almond inside?
Afternoon...al yalllllllll From Houston Texas..When You can, Pray for all the Childoctorn out there that are suffering from Abuse
Not gonna lie, if it weren't for Telephone, I would've never become a Beyonc stan.
EPIC Spring Gala w/ Vagabond Opera and Fishtank Ensemble
Did you know biomass is the oldest source of renewable energy, used since our ancestors learned the secret of fire.
Someone made a visit to the 7th floor I see!
Wait to stop by and say hi...
Does anyone have a sailboat?
Welcome home ...lets spread this crack!
Is it possible to place an ad on your blog?
Who do I email about that?
Can't find info on the site.
Thanks!
OMG I Was In A Car Accident Today...
anyone who's name looks like it's pronounced ass doctorbbles needs to do whatever they can at the plate to step up the swag.
Progression 2I bump this bro
No bug at all...
spending too long at the computer, the solution was right in front of me.
Code does things to you...
fixed
It's not bing weak it's call not dealing with your bs
It all comes down to this i miss ur morning kiss
Wise words as always.
: If they weren't there for you during your hardest times, then they don't deserve to be there at all.
finally!!!
kobe was horrible last 5 mins.
I guess that clutch gene is time selective
Churchill: We will fight them on the beaches; Reagan: Tear down this wall; Obama: Follow me on twitter.
NowPlaying: The suspense radio doctorma Sorry, Wrong Number
out here thuggin brotha better not even look at my bag wrong
these circus performers shouldn't speak
Laundoctormat not nearly as fun as the internet makes it look.
Hardly any singing and dancing.

ok, but that's not telling me very much.
Anyone can be an Internet creeper.
when I saw him my eyes were at his teeth.
Let's just say his teeth are PERF!:
Yes!
Especially this year.
RT : I wish tree pollen was like a vampire: revoke its invitation and it has to leave.
I hear the sun is planning on making an appearance around 12PM.
I wanna look when he arrives  cause u know  he's the sun.
Breathe in experience, and remain a lifelong learner.
it's because you were rubbing your face on my shoulder you bell end.
Glad the girl recognized you, but sorry the printer gave you trouble.
Let me know if we can help.
You can reach out to too.
I'm excited about my softball game tonight.
I hope it's a repeat of last week.
A win.
I really hope tomorrow night happens
This guy on the bus looks like Mickey Rourke wearing a zebra striped leather officer's cap
In a working group right now on that same topic!
If everyone listens to us we will revolutionize liberal learning.
:
.'s voice is booming through the restroom for the !!!
yay, congrats!
:D
Too damn early
He'd end up blowing all his wages for the week, all for a cuddle and a peck on the cheek.
Next on the at 615 previews the Yankees series opener with the Blue Jays tonight.
PlaybyPlay here on
Yea He My Kinfolk N I Love Em.....
But Az A Man I Do Not Respect Him.......
stone mtn.
Or close to you I do have wheels.
Lol
Thank you so much for the punch and the beer!
Godspeed and sunscreen 
I got like 5 tubes of blood doctorwn and i actually thought i was gonna faint lol im so weaak
If we all play our cards right komen will have no funds to contribute to Planned Parenthood for any purpose
Where r u guys !!??
the place is full  :
If Wichita St had this game would be over already!
I'm just staring at ass....that thing is HUGE!!!!!!
I'll take your place this week :
We all know that there is no soy milk...because there is no soy tittie
I loved your presentation on Title IX...even though I wasn't there.
Undergrad commencement today!
Yay!
SLA12  Ted
Just waking up from a nap
You just put your chocolate in my peanut butter..
hearditinthekitchen w/
Part I: The Top Social Media Disrupters of 2011 According to Even More Smart People  Radian6  Social Media Monitoring and...
Well, well, well.
Facebook deleted my account and they don't give me a reason why and there's no getting it back.
Thanks for the favorite and we have returned the favor.
We hope you have a great weekend.
I'll tell you one thing: Don't ever give anybody your best advice, because they're not going to follow it.
Jack Nicholson
u are so adorable
U better believe I will...not everyday we go for 28...that's history in the making!
Come to www.watchnhllive.com for all your preseason and regular season hockey live on line enjoy!!!!
We have a great furnished rental in Del Mar for 3500!
Anyone in need of a lovely 4 bedoctorom to rent for about 6 months?
Hitting Vegas at the end of the month.
Two shows!
Road trip!
Attending the Fishers Plan Commission.
Big crowd for the review of Sweetwater Creek Apartments.
Dueling 50 Shades interviews...oddly, I don't care about either of them!
Just pushing the karma right back into the world.
I'm a very lucky guy :
There are millions of little you's in those 15 ml you flush down the toilet.
We DO NOT need so many you's though LOL
I'm really looking forward to tomorrow!
Our shoot is finally gonna pull through:'D
that makes sense I should've clicked on the link;
Friendship and money: oil and water.
Mario Puzo
thanks homie!
give me a couple months to put something out
Our latest display is about computer crime and computer forensics.
Can anybody say steganography?
awe...thank you
Yeah that's what makes me so upset : she's friends with EVERYONE.
Even Angus T Jones Dude.
It makes me so sad.
sounds sick man.
i'm coming in town today so we for sure gotta kick it
My 2 year old told me tonight that she has Moves Like Jagger.
Should I be worried?
Welcome aboard new followers!
:
he favors everyone that followers him brother Teamfollowjeseus  he favores the the lost to be found one day as well ;
um.
he definitely has cover PHOTOS of his songs.
Thank you so much:
cross tabs show Walkers approval with independents down 10 points and down 8 points with Republicans from last month
what is this ?
childoctorn of the corn.
Live on CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO LETS GO,,CHECK US OUT ON YA ANdoctorID RADIO are ya andoctorid ,DOWNLOADTUNE IN RADIO
Much respect for
Any nutritious/easy/quick recipe suggestions for a libraryschool gal on the go?
I'm suffering from a startling lack of culinary creativity
This bus reeks of Apple products.
Wtf bon iver?!
What was his hit Mange?
Didn't we see this guy on how to catch a predator
Finally finished my expense reports!
About to head for food, then to the GYM!
Happiness is a productive day even when it is cold  rainy!
Emma Watson Makes Like a Ballerina in Elie Saab Who says you have to wear pastel pink to look like a pretty ballerina?
Not Emma Watson!
T
RT : If she has to take her retainer out to blow you,

Students complaining about housing assignments, surely you didn't expect anything good to come from a GT department?
LMAO u wish this was SPAM you dont have to be stupid just know this me and my people will be at level 50 plus...the day it releases
That makes no sense.
Lol.
Are you busy?
u haven't seen that but don't get me started on Popeyes smh
steak or chicken??
And tell gaby save me 3 of em!
:
Damn it Adam tweet something!
Gotta love pay day :
I'm down.
I love little kids 
Our pleasure!
RT : Wow!
Thanks you!
RT: Erinn M.
Cox helps you Redefine What It Means to be An Art Collector:...
SUPERNATURAL Time!:D
hey,how r u?
We are always looking for a reason to go to WilliamSonoma.
My wife loves kitchen gadgets and things.
this seems very odd.
IMO
I almost got that !
Looks legit
Honestly, I'd take the Metro to Hopkins and bike from there.
Multimodalism!
omg i havent heard this song in a while!!
I don't wanna be in love Good Charlotte 10th grade memories :'
It's weird to have such a deep connection and love for a country where I have never lived
Aye!
Unless you've actually been in one of the Armed Services, STOP calling yourselves soldiers!
War Vet Speak!
great to see you all  thanks for being there!
Laying down in the dark listening to Misser's new album, relaxing.
RT Laughter is the sun that doctorves winter from the human face.
Victor Hugo
Some things never change...
and some do...
Report a problem is grayed out.
It remains searchable, and visible, it just says closed.
I need to have this removed.
RT : I will be attending.
: Haven't heard from too many planning to attend.
Hope that's not an omen.
: just go w the flow yoloyep that's the motto
Einstein's has entered the 2011 Battle of the Burgers!
Saturday, October 1st from 12:00 to 4pm at John Howell Park in VirginiaHighlands.
Gunna miss my baby though..
Working all weekend..
:

Write one scene a night for three months, and youll have a movieyou can even use the weekends.
Bruce Joel Rubin RT
Earn great rewards on your visit to foodsmart!Tap to Belly!
Any word when the 2012 edition of the Provence guide will be available in the iBooks store?
Only seeing 2011 currently.
Thanks!
hey hey just sitting here rolling my hair and thinging of him !!: lov him um...
plzzzzz reply back i am bored !plz!:
Can't even explain how much love I'm feelin' for you!3
Dnt bring it round me or ull get tossed RT : The big ass golf kind?
RT I only buy the flyest brellas
Broncos have more Superbowl appearances then the Raiders and 1 less AFC West title.
Closer comparison then you think.
Jammin' on a Pyramid Discord IPA, mister M on vinyl, and some 80 degree weather.
Show last night kicked ass happy bday rev and burley!!
And thanks to all the fans who came out we love ya!
A lot of folks are pointing out to me that the Academic  the MPAA.
Shawn Cunix is only person I know at table.
He witnessed the whole bluff and didn't say a word.
Trueprofessorssional Won a small one, 34k
RT : A real man never stops trying to show a girl how much he cares about her, even after he's already got her.
Bellflower Talent show this summer!!!
.
when we all getting back in the Yo
okay kiss said that they r looking for a billboard that shows youre a true fan like no okay.
Writing on yourself, putting
Performing with the Bobby Hutcherson Group tonight  tomorrow night at Yoshi's San Francisco.
Needs to give the one that wants my attention, my attention.
I dont skate on concrete.
What What, I'm up!
Born to do it Die Doing itEntertainer!!!
The moment your screwed when you see two little kids holding hands and kissing eachother on the cheek.
And you don't even like anybody.
Dang why can't let one mistake go?!?!?!
Yeah I'm talking to !!!!!!
I need to make you some new CDs!
Indescribable!!
Feelings always change at some point of time
I do not know

WE LIVE  THE VAULT 4 THE GRADUATION EDITION OF VIP SATURDAYS...
GRADS FREE ALL NITE LADIES  GREEKS FREE TIL 12AM
I want a new life and I want it with you.
Offer Cotton Tale Designs Poppy 4 Piece Crib Bedding Set  Best ...
just send it bk let me hear it....
Happy Birthday to my lovely daughter, Tamia!
lol y y'all going hammer lmao
hey Zayn do you have an instagram?
and if yes what is it?
Elmon gets his o back for now
Our members are having a fabulous time shopping at the SF Warehouse Sale!
What was your favorite purchase!?
and im just seeing ur text smh ell..
i was so tired u don't even know
Woo!!
We're in Austin!!!!!
ThreeMoreHoursToGo 
finally going to see the NYC protests today.
will report back with observations.
GODDAMNIT Y U PROTECT AWESOME TWEETS I CAN'T RETWEET
I can't find my red lipstick fml
proud to be belieber
You can now purchase classes on our website through PayPal!!!
You can also make a donation to our equipment/scholarship fund!
I know God has a plan for m...
: all smiles cant wait to tell yall 3
Guess I lost the rapture lottery.
See y'all in hell!
agreed.
pandering to a degree.
i'd rather hear about it when interest rates are actually down.
I'm leaning towards DVR and then get the public opinion...
I'm afraid it's like a train wreck.
that's my friend Katie's bf!
Getting ready to install some brand new Ultracraft displays this week.
Come by the showroom to check them out
i like your style.
Our thoughts and good vibes go out to those in Japan devastated by the
Gimme 8 Days...
I going Launch 3 Spoken Words One Time!
will you ever do a song with ?
Ariana100Questions 7
The Supreme Court declined to decide whether California doctors  patients have the right to challenge state Medicaid cuts....
Happy Birthday Madboy!
i love you so much it's not even funny I can't believe you're 14!
Did you know that you can control what photo shows up on your photos app under your cover photo?
Ask me how!
followed btw love your username.
:
RT : I'm having Jump Around withdoctorwals.
oh em gee did you cry at the end of taping?
it did lol
Glad to be back in my studio, painting...and looking forward to Open Studio this Fri, Sat, Sun, 10am to 6pm
That was cute
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 13
That RT just made my day.
I feel you!
i'm a fantastic intern.
i bring your favorite soda along with your chips without you even needing to ask.
Kohl don't know how long I'll own the team.
I'm willing to make personal contribution to new facility.
Wonder bar wasted
Gotta get out of Memphis!!!!
The online business world is gonna change on Aug 21!
Had a sneak peek...wow!
He really did look at ease.
That was great to see.
Democratic Assembly leader Peter Barca is now testifying here in Dane County court.
Was waiting for the day made it on thesoup !
The first will take place in Hungary on the 27th31st of July, the second will take place in the Czech Rep
We Are Against SOPA if it's going to effect youtube users from uploading covers of other people's songs.
wish I could watch sportscenter
Have you gotten your real estate assessment letter yet?
They were mailed this week
tweet this shnizznizzle.
I'm huggin you right now.
What are your fav Stan Turrentine records?
We're in the same ballpark and we look forward to hitting some homeruns with you.
the next 6 people to follow will get followed by me and FOLLOW 2
.: archives produce difference and reveal tensions in history
I am open to the wisdom of god, and as I follow God's guidance, my life is full and satisfying.
hahahaha!
Id be sipping a bloody mary!
Proud to see lil homie doing the right shit ....
aint about how fast I get there..
And aint about what's waiting on the other side...it's the climb!!
keepmoving keepclimbing!!
How do you think Payton's suspension will sit with doctorw Brees and his contract negotiations?
Party basics 101: always keep back up sun shades in your vehicle
It's raining so good here in the far ne heights.
I hope the whole city's getting good and doctornched!
lol, catsndogs.
;
Just laying in bed, watching Edward Scissorhands again hahahah good night :
Count down, prayer, setup and we are expecting and ready for you all here early 2moro!
Conference begins at 8
90!
How'd you do it.
I can't last more than 2 minutes on Fox News
Looks like a solo trip to see The Avengers on Friday
I need coffee quick
Tools Programmers A Developer London
ThingsThatPleaseMe What can I say other than , , .
Turning to the trusted Magic 8 Ball for answers RICH SHEPOSH Fantasy  Wilkes Barre TimesLeader
please follow me!:
Never lie to someone who trusts you.
Never trust someone who lies to you..
interesting convo with about the electorate.
question about the electoral college.
is it necessary?
I can't feel my toes
Did you know that there is someone whose job includes squeezing toothpaste on a toothbrush for Prince Charles?
moverslongisland available at your service today  Sunday!
Sunday available at Your request!
Need a lastminute move?
We have availability
the place to go
Urging you to support Council Member Koretz's medical marijuana ordinance.
It's time to figure it out without a ban.
the one with the beats
o we should get them done together cx
Not the UT tour but the next social for sure!
what's the debate?
I'm late
L.O.L I love the metaphor!
:
I mean for real...
Why cant they let you off...
What would it be...
All day Thurs and Friday?
And I cant go anyway...
Finishing 2.5 hours on the reference desk.
Busy on Monday  good.
Ladies, if you're ever in a social situation and you want a guy to leave you alone, casually slip lady doctor into the conversation.
hahahahaha quit talking shit on me
Stanton Warriors ...
Come out and play!!!!!!!!
thought u were gonna b funny.
Sometimes you can make up for your mistakes with your hustle.
having trouble connecting my FB acct to Mailchimp  setup button redirects to my dashboard.
I remember being at a party years ago and someone busting out a cc demo TAPE!!
i knew i was hearing something special!
Thank you US Military!!!
: Way too many Leaf fans here tonight.
Couldn't they detain some at the border?
Where's TSA when you need them?
that is great!
in school /: wbu??
Thank you for the favorites and RT's
Not even
NowPlaying: Tonight's The Night by
I want to move to Florida.
Or San Diego.
My friends are getting there Indian name off the Internet.
Decided to get my white name off the Internet.
It is .
.
.
Sebastian.
Come join us for the very best coupons, deals, and savings tips!
Just posted a free sammich coupon for Arby's!
Get on it!
:
Don't really like that call since high chance of 20 yard line start
aw shucks....i'll scream obscenities at the opposing team in your honor.
RIPAngel.
You will missed!
Even though I didn't know you, you were the best dog ever!
3
Catching my plane to Seattle for Immersion!
Much as I like tweeting online, I get nervous  stammer when 'tweeting' offline to same peeps.
Why??
Anyone else experience same phenomenon?
have you started your website yet?
I have work to do and would really appreciate it if you'd go outside and play in traffic.
is gonna be here soon!
:D sooohappy :DD
thanks for the follow!!!!
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few doctorps on yourself.
Greater love has no one than this, that he lay down his life for his friends.
John 15:13.
Thank you for the responses.
All in all it could be an interesting conversation regarding how 'our buildings shape us back'
is presenting Follow Through: Smart Tactics for Job Seekers, with , 7/20/11, 2 PM EDT, signup bit.ly/9v4VBf.
Wasup bro Naw couldn't find her she told me to remind her of the party saturday
MBA Applicants, reply 1st to the upcoming trivia Q  you could win a School Guide to McCombs!
Please note, players can only win once.
Shhhhh!
Don't let hear about any functioning tot lots!
He'll send in his goons!
Well that settles it we have to see Footloose!!
Is this something we could help you get?
GA is far away!
finalist for PSU job reportedly
DH bunt strategy didn't work with next 2 striking out, but credit to LSU for battling.
this is just damn embarrassing.
i dont think its worth it.
community best show ever.
Seriously need
MADISON GO FOLLOW !!
!!
What's the worse thing that you've experienced at the dentist?
Say what you mean and mean what you say.
Guys, when your wife asks you to take trash outside and you say yes dear in 5 mins, and she has t
Thanks for the tweet!
Knowing that one person will never change
Unsure if I can take this.
Seriously crazy
sometimes i think is a stuck up celebrity when hes rude to fans.
That moment when the sommelier waits as you judge wine is SUPER important  please treat it somberly.
Following  during the budget vote reminds me of listening to Cincinnati Reds play by play on AM radio in 80s
RT : You cannot be a selective about civil rights.
Either you stand for the rights of all or for none
Listening to the new River City Extension here in the office.
Get ready for your heads to explode in awesomeness on June 5th.
cc/
Audition tip 8: Have at least 2 memorized monologues.
They should show your range but they should NEVER be from a popular movie or play!
Wow JAGK and 1forme1foru is trending ....good day :
I'd suck the scales off of a King Cobra for this work day to end right now
DeRo hat trick on its way...
1 down, 2 to go.
New to this show me some love
Big thanks to you John Folks...
Ford will invest 135 million in its future hybridelectric vehicles, part of an EV strategy that starts with the 2011 MKZ Hybrid this fall
This year I'm giving up Catholicism.
How can they like your pages, images  comments if they don't knowDon't be afraid to ask friends, customers to like your new Facebook items
I LOVE this story!
Warms my heart.
Thanks for sharing!
Flurries on a blustery Loudoun day resemble latesummer fireflies; White pixies darting in every direction, seeking the ground.
that's fine with mee : just let me know!
ME TOO.
I have 0 patience ok
Happy Labor Day every one!
Be safe!
Currently watching the Criminal Minds marathon on A  E!
I think I was followed  indifferent w/o some insight.
I seem to be getting closer to SFZC
About to be knocked out on this PORCH...GOODNIGHT bHADD
still trying to convince my mommaa!
If I was on American Idol, I would totally be one of those people that cuss out the judges  throws shit around.
i want to stick my face in a bowl full of yogurt.
I am almost there cone now
you just try to come visit me in the paint!!
;
so public policy maj w/non professort  marketing?
so u will produce communications that make no money which tick off the public?
:
cool!
link?
awww 3 i look forward seeing u too!
Love riding my bike in Minneapolis!
i went 2 c Orlando vs.
Knicks didn't go so well at knicks has to pick up the effort!
Magic won!
Lol
The days are finally getting longer.
Don't remind me that have been since 12/22/2011 either.
You cut some hairs off..
:
Deleted my Goodoctorads acct.
I feel better already.
happy birthday !!!!!!!!
God bless u girly.
3333333333333
We're hearing there are donut burgers and roast beef sundaes among other stuff at the LilacFestival ...
anyone try either one yet??
when did I call u a bitch
Warm ups have begun at Magness arena.
Bucky vs DU best of 3 series.
We have our own 300 going, 22 Badgers vs Everybody.
Game on boys
It's so refreshing to see someone remind us that Google has a client that isn't us, that Jobs has liquid assets that serve his bottom line.
You definitely should!
I work on archaeology projects related to Butrint  the Pavllas River Valley.
Awesome place to be.
10/20 nlhe  O11 w/ a straddle about 1/2 the time.
I booked a 5k win thanks in part to a flopped flush trippleup.
they come in batches  when I come home I'll get 24 alerts all at once.
Probably happened 34 times.
When a cat adopts you there is nothing to be done about it except put up with it until the wind changes  T.S.
Eliot
I know You gotta Go cuz you got things to do
on my phone
was that from the Simpsons episode about young adult fiction?
The cold air brought a light fog blanketing the forest in an eerie mist.Suddenly,two men come crashing through the brush and into a clearing
Then why not a home and home?
Smh.
My advice...just keep that ish out your circle and you good.
this survey 
People who are following me professorssionally please be prepared for lots of personal tweets over the next two weeks!
Amen to that!
: I used to work 8hrs/day bldg some1 elses biz.
I can work to build mine
Same 2 u all!
: On it right now.
Thanks, ill check again later
My daughter texts so fast she responds to my texts before I can finish typing them!
First carnival of the year.
Kris calls them Carnivoires.
That is a good call, they eat your money.
Good sushi date :
There is a difference between power and authority
I just took some ibu/tylenol...waiting for it to work.....
bout to get doctorssed for class!
1,000 followers.
SCORE!
Thanks y'all!
my dogg, miss ya!
Haven't forgot about you...we wanna be involved.
Aural skills IV written exam  voice jury tomorrow.
Prayers appreciated!
: What are you doctornking tonight?
Belvedere martini doctor, vermouth in and out, stirred not shaken with a twist of lemon.
Forever I Will Be A Killjoy
Great class at SAG Conservatory yesterday
Vietnamese noodle salad with shrimp and grilled chicken thighit was in the 50s in Chicago, for goodness sake!
hahaha xD he only told me tho  I haven't told anyone!
But girl you're so lucky!
per yer jab at Portland fans ..
You've changed man, it used to be about the music!
Good morning indeed!
America Reads Spanish FREE PASSPORT TO LIBER 2011 Program.
Don't miss this opportunity to attend the Spanish Library Book Fair in Madoctord....
: retweet for a shoutout!
RT
you guys ready yet???
Stong body bars ready to try??
I don't know why but I'm just not a big fan of the boogaloo
1st day of Spring.
Dense AM fog, then partial sun.
Highs around 70.
Record warmth possible Thu.
Fri.
w/ highs approaching 80.
And My Bed Feels Amazing 3 I Missed It 3
Glad you like what we're doing, Talya!
Keep an eye out for a big update to the app coming next week.
Jim Carrey might not have actually made the movie Leap Day, but really, he did.
Looking for People who want me to come in and do a sample!!
Are you following these great club sports?
not a smart female dog
Waves are small up north but the wind is howling...maybe Kahana Bay???
Hope everyones has a great Christmas Eve
Sometimes having too many 'things' can weigh you down.
Great PLP webinar  setting the stage.
So many excellent thoughts.
Just finished the pre holiday roll up..ceremony starts in a few hours 4/20 everyday
When life brings u down u know what cha gotta do?
Just keep swimming, just keep swimming, swimming, swimming or doctorwn urself bc i hate u
Half the time I forget the African American guy on The Walking Dead even exists, he gets so few storylines.
: can't wait to see Bob Marley on stage via Hologram...
that needs to happen Agreed.
I am SO at that show!
72 Of People Say Pets Influence Dating
What do you prefer in the morning coffee, tea or orange juice?
Great night of fights
Going to see the next showing right now sir!!!
Here comes the sun :
If you have no idea how nice or good of a person I am.
Here's an example, I'm still taking care of my ex's bill.
What does that tell you.
Only 2 players in SEC history have hit at least .450 for a season with at least 200 atbats
If you are coming to DeBosis convo on The Electric Information Age Book maana  5 pm 403 Boylston Hall, nb: come early, space will be tight
Absolutely.
A mid run review can seriously damage a good show because you begin focusing on the wrong things.
yo what up Mann...
I'm down to do those tracks...
N I'll try n make it thru today cuz I got a dentist appt by u
oh my gosh.
stop whining.
I DMed him from my personal, I'll tweet him again from that when he gets online.
;
hell yea it was
Oh Rondo!!!!
He could have broken his arm!!!
I hope hes ok :
You need to take risks in order to grow.
Beth Comstock, GE
Can I use shortened URLs to a linksy campaign?
Left my damn lunch at hme ughh
why girl?
what happened??
RT : Terrified.
Lions might sign Boise St QB Kellen Moore ???
Might be a good free agent pick up.
Aditi, can we give the guy a break tonight please?
RT Think Eli is reading a teleprompter or that he had that memorized?
My thigh....
No, my WHOLE leg is sore 
That's embarrassing
Im really serious guys, this is my new twitter watch i will create a new YouTube and put up a video of me shouting out my twitter!
Wouldent doubt it, i actually got quite smart from illegal substances.
Just about the only thing i haven't done would be NZT :P
AkwasiFrimpong from the docu RabbitTheory sends oprahwinfrey a letter.
Read letter on wikipediapage.
He hopes to meet her someday.
Follow me pelase
Bravery is not the ability to face what scares most people.
It is the ability to face what scares you.
stacydillard ended set w/ jd allen's mean bean ryanbergbs,richardpadoctorngtr..
bean's solo just brought the house down
well actually a lot of them probably do
For the love of god when will SXSW end?!
working on my business w/a new contract, little homework, major legal stuff to do.
Good thing I'm stuck in the house today w/ this weather.
I wish a nigga would.
General Assembly Thurs in conjunction with Occupy plans to follow.
occupyUMD Practicing patience.
Thank you!!
Q4Pushing, shoving, encouraging, planting seeds, talking, listening, etc
i love you 3
My dog brings out a very weird side of me.
How my dad refers to everyone on the road as fucker.
Don't forget to join ROUTE 66 Band on February 5th at Amici's Pizza Sports Bar and Grill .
Hope our fans will come support!
Might get another pair of tim duncans doe.
home from a weekend in NYC.
I don't understand.
I love the social invites I try to come where im invited!!
It's baby aliens coming out of the top of the cake.
The connection has timed out
It was nice meeting you the other night!
Investigating reasons 4 the connection btw/ early childhood ear infections  later onset of ADHD symptoms.
Is there bias toward one subtype?
Coworker just scheduled a meeting right in the middle of the barca chelsea match...i feel a little cold coming along, I may have to go home
Oops.
Too early in the am RT : About to get rolling on the social media panel with
thanks!
I'll be uploading the slides later this week.
Stoked to play with our friends in tomorrow!
10 at The Rock Show at 6pm.
Pick up some merch ; Wear a morphsuit, get in for free.
way cool  thnx for the heads up!: follow me on pinterest too, assume u r there as well!
Awesome, what tool did you end up using for it?
Last minute watchingthethrone moves at MSG with about to see jayz and kayne kill it
At the reggae spot wit the boo, bout to get slapped
That was a nice interview You hang in there.
I'm taking mine too!
I would rather be lonely than broke.
Understood, my friend.
House of lies.
it says ure not following me...
I went back in last night, they turned me away.
Woke up this morning and it was still acting up.
Finally they replaced it!
Troy and Abed have the greatest bromance.
Mother's Day activity card in Sunday's Tribune.
Moms: Tweet us a photo showing off your new crown.
Hashtag
what is this?
errraaybody in the club gettin tipsy!
it's an eat a box of donuts home alone kind of night
Thanks Don!
Pull it in and shut it down!
was happy to bike to the farmers market.
....thank goth I check the times.
It's open at 9am.
...not 7am.
Jamie Moyer is the definition of a veteran.
RT : Happy Mother's Day to all the great mothers, especially those in my life!
N I'm going to enjoy every bit of it
Gettin' ready for the weekend in Fort Worth, TX!
White Elephant on Friday  Keys Lounge on Saturday.
If you're in town come on out!!
Yes!
Thx!
But you got the wrong link...
MT : Psyched to hear Andoctorw D'Angelo !
Way to collaborate
do u work like 80 hours a week???
Sunday morning too..
People need to stop living in the past and start living for the future.
Got It!!
A Big chune Massive, Give thanks!
Procrastination is like masterbation in the end your just screwing yourself :O
for a great time, visit what helpful and friendly guys!
i'm not in the demographic, but enjoy their site/humor.
screw that show.
of is who you want to talk about Path Cafe.
Come down the 27th and meet him :
If the 76ers were smart they would hire u, u insane with this
Man...
I'm really trying here, and I'm not a quitter so don't count on it till you tell me your done
Emma Straub's Sept.
novel in the book room, Laura Lamont's Life in Pictures.
In a frontcover blurb, Lorrie Moore calls Straub a magician
im pretty sure it is bc it expired like 2 months ago.
A.L.Y.S.S.A..3
What's the activity?
Curious!
self knowledge is key...
and after that self  application!!!
then we can rise up....
No risk no reward
big time ratings!!
Congrats playa
well played sir
Its a whole new year today.
What are your resolutions for 2012?
did you read 50 shades of grey?
I know it's all the range and I'm now in book 3.
It's addictive like your books.
I don't think I have your number :O
aha yup!
ahh what kind is it?!
HI Thank you so much for the follow.
:
Calling all seasoned photographers in need of a good starter camera.
Any suggestions?
Did you all know when Dan Patrick was a kid he got onto the l.A.
Lakers bus, and Wilt Chamberlin told him to get the F off!
Yes!
We are open through construction, hours are the same.
Please stop in!
thanks Dave
Last chance!
4 more days to like the U.Va.
Alumni Education facebook page and be entered to win an iPod!
RT : 5.
Importance of using assessment information as the basis for educational decisions  dont just collect data
Bout to go retake this math test...
I'm sorry you're sad.
Frankly, I can't imagine how I would function as a learner without my mobile devices.
Students surely feel the same.
Was this for me?
I need space after RT RT : Haha yea ok RT: Yea James be happy with those 3.
Cuz now it's Durant's time!!
Anybody going to the NAMN show this year?!!!!
ah.....
Miss listening to music  watching movies on my laptop!
:
Just ran for an hour in this heat!
It's like running in a sauna.
Great workout.
Make sure to stay hydoctorted!
The view from my room?
Vanderbilt University Will visit campus soon.
you still hot doe bahaha
Everybody Hates Chris.
Love it :
The Rangers Fan Zone is here for you.
Join our site, talk about the Rangers, read the latest Ranger news  save the whales
Happy mothers day to all the beautiful, hard working and welldeserving mama's out there.
One day a year is not enough!!
Xo
let's get it then my boy
Holiday World in Santa Claus, IN.
It has to be one of the best amusement parks in the USA, and water park.
Kroger at 2550 Lake Circle doctorve is requesting rezoning for a gasoline fueling station.
It would be in the south end of their parking lot.
I am sure it was, he is just very very angry
I LOVE MEXICAN FOOD ALSO
Bought a whole row in sections 304
I got No Lie on repeat right now
Appreciate the follow and retweet!
Casey's Kids Count released: 1 in 5 childoctorn in USA now live in poverty, putting their physical and emotional development at great risk.
Been on Twitter for 2 days and already have a new photo.
My Mind Not Only Wanders, Sometimes It Leaves Completely :/
Tried a new appetizer out tonight  Margarita Appetizer Pizza and I think the masses liked it!
Bon Appetite :
No one can beat
Journaling for my character, when I barely journal for myself.
getting excited about your show here on NYE!
awh thanks I think :
Great group of folks at the GAP Conference today in Lexington, KY.
Some guy tried to hit on me today
Tonight is Quiz Night!
8pm.
2.50 domestics.
Let them all see how smart you are!
What does Portland get back?
asks, is that a trick question?.
Love a guy w/a sense of humor.
oh my goD YES I'M STILL MAD you guys are the worst i was so scared 3
Hey Selenators!
: Go follow my friend for a follow back from me : .
New layout thanks to mister Mark Lowe, Art Director.
It's raining at the Academy but a new layout may brighten some spirits.
You are thinking the right way, it must be spread, unless you can prove it is having major impact.
Like its our fault Ccp is on some hoe shit.
Guy talk with
Life for me is really about the little things
Fact: followers before the tweet: 70,486.
36 hours later: 78.261.
10 increase for those keeping score.
as a Giants fan I take great pleasure in watching the cowboys lose
He's a busy guy.
Too many metaphors for relationships on thebachelor.
The crater, the bridge....oy.
ifyouknowmeyouknow I LOVE 
WAT THEY DO
Colts will retire 18 jersey.
waking up earlywhat a great goal!
That may just become a Goal of the Day one day soon...
aren't u working?
Also Blake Shelton is trying his hand at comedy?
We will officially be starting our crowd funding campaign next week!
It is working now.
Yay!
As someone who went to community college and a major university, other than the price tag, I felt no education difference.
Its hot as hell over here...I need something to do, I'm just watching all the work be done
Last night I doctoramt I played mini golf on the front lawn of a biker's house.
Tonight i'm hoping for roof hockey on a banker's mansion.
Who else loves The Alpha Agency?
No ze 2 Terabyte External is not coming up on ze compootahhhhhhhhhhh
When i grow up i want to work at doofenschmirtz evil incorporated
Trying to itch my foot with my MIND...the Force is not strong with this one...
thanks for the ff tweet!
Cool  those are some gr8 chances for visibility!
Is HR Southwest the ASTD event in Dallas Aug 14th?
If so, I'll be there!
Check out the 1 Female DJ  2010 SEA Female DJ of the year!
She doctorpped a special mix just for
I Want To Win back ur Love!
Bobby screwed up, but Will and Hill haven't helped any.
are you going to a certain show at the independent Tuesday night
too bad we never ran into each other at the expo!
Hope u had a great time :
PLEASE FOLLOW AND TELL HER I SENT YU PLEASE .
IM TRYING TO WIN A CONTEST THANKSS
Oh Heat game is getting goosebumpy ...
Question 9: Have you ever slept with someone without knowing their name?
shit I still wear my Browns one.
It was fun bruh.
GL out therr
Things are clearing up after the motorcycle ride...
BigI backup is clear per our camera.
let me find out u in the dunk contest
Only one thing has to change for us to know happiness in our lives: where we focus our attention
7 weeks left of school...
homework, please bear with me .
What an obnoxious article.
Porkers in the captainon?
Wonder how Cristina Odone would feel if she had metabolic disorder
People who didn't know who cantor really was.
It also doesn't help that until Recently money for dems weren't coming in
Ahh so excited to see TheHungerGames for a second time on Monday 3
nice set on Letterman.
I got in an argument over those security q's w/ IT.
No I think I know my favorite childhood pet's name.
Can't imagine having a birthday today!
hahaha just for that I put the mic in my backpack
DWF wishes everyone a happy holiday!
what torrent do you need bro?
Faculty from my cohort are now chairing other departments.
I find this very disturbing.
I'm just saying what up to my twitterboo and to see how you were doing foreal :
Welcome Home!!!
I would be a terrible spy.
After 10 minutes of questioning by a 3 year old I've resorted to because it's magic
Word correct fail.
Who wouldn't like better?
But not everyone likes good
be one of those smokers that prove you can be high and successful at the same time.
you can see the whole damn state from one place.
Been there worst ride of my life.
Lol.
Be safe.
Life's a great big canvas, and you ought to throw all the paint on it you can.
Listening to some good tunes my brotha and getting the night started.
you know your hot sht when you're above Mary J.
Blige !!
gon have me in a good mood for the rest of the weekend
can't wait to see what's for lunch!
Lol
Thanks for the follow!
Barcelona in particular is very green: Recycling waste materials, wind power, water conservation, recycled products made into new materials
Bye Bye Facebook..
Nosotros is bringing the party to tonight!
Live music starts at 9 DON'T MISS IT!
war is in the air, rise to the occasion.
Working on photography stuff : really tired tho
If you can't believe in yourself, believe in God.
If you don't believe in God, then believe in Me!!.
Jawanza!
Cody, you are so talented.3
Happy Jonas Day 3 x
The Adjustment Bureau.
Go watch it.
hey hey hey......
don't hate on pageantry world, hunty.
lol
Elysian on Cap Hill, great beer, great scene !!!
Do people there know that Manuel was tossed in the first inning?
Watching on TV, not sure how clear it was in the park.
This BK restaurant has wood paneling and music by Fleetwood Mac.
I'm in a time machine.
I can make a kit for kids no problem!
What do you need?
email a headshot and resume' to
This headache is killing me
LMFAO...As Brazilian waxes have become more popular, the pubiclice/ CRABS population has dwindled....justsayin where it's at..
Damn Finally getting over this virus...I was over here struggling, but I'm back at it ALLDAY Jenoloclothing.storenvy.com
Snow in Seattle is coming down steadily this morning, yet I don't think the end result will be as dire as predictions yesterday.
After months of listening  searching for the right music to use at the World Championships in January we may finally have it.
Stay tuned
Wearing lots of color today, I look like I belong on the vineyard
bruh I'm in the car trippin, these bikers are so cool
st johns  pitt.
Lets go
If U Want Things To Change In Your Life....Start By Changing Yourself 1st....Breeze DTA
gave my mom her valentines gift early.
made my night 3
Watch out, I think that StephanieSutton's head might explode if and coach McCarthy show up for DWTS tonite.
Dnt feel like doing shit today!!
could heal the common cold of everyone.
Though as the sea too said a life is the darkness of another light in their world.
so true, beautiful quote :
smcrva iraqi students surprised that there is poverty in america, yet admire that there r nonprofessorts to take care of them
FREE or deferred cost for the first year as an incentive to startups and others.
We work with local landlords and businesses that will give
doesn't condone TDGugger's rusing for the record
RT this  follow me?:
When she's sick but you can't do anything to help:
Watchin Kings Of Comedy, laughin like it's my first time watchin it!
Coming to an inbox near you!
Every minute I'm not watching football is so nice.
It's just a better moment in my life.
Ah.
shawdy y no follow back
What's up guys?
Love the ep and keep up the great work!
ArtPolitical and Economic change.
Learn all about it at !
Thank to Sinbad for clarifying things.
Trump is a Chump!
I'm kinda shame if that twitpic, my hair is so long and gross xD
Girls that like to play hard to get i like the competition.......
looks like the hawks is giving the heat some problems
RT : Happy new year.Train rides continue wknds in January.Come on down!Thomas tix on sale NOW for mbrs..
Never too soon to get them.
Sponsors wanted !
Delaware netDE SussexDE NewarkDE wilmde Georgia house fundoctoriser item an monetary donations for silent auction
RT : Hey!
it's good to see you in tweeter / yes welcome to the twitterverse!
A THREE CAR GARAGE is your musthave in Chicago?
GTFO, dumbass.
I feel bad that she settled with Whiny McWhinypants.
Rack end protector guards against errant fork lift trucks.
Taking in my first twitter moments...
Daniel Perez ...till then  astonishingly, headshakingly beautiful
Nothing from the showcase, but 2012 will be about using the tools we learned!
Holla 2012here we go!
Thanks
Watching it right now!
Fox is so cute!
Good morning to you!
They could have at least made her stretch or rub her eyes a little xD
Who do you like this weekend?
Tired as hell but who tryina kick it
Track meet for kids this morning and then wine tasting with adults tomorrow.
Einstein had it right...
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
Definition of a Magnet  Something you find crawling all over a dead cat.
Happy birthday to Roberta Thompson, and much success in the future!
Sounds nice and relaxing to us!
Dont give ur heart away or it might get brokenhearted/3
rofl heller my squishy pal
I'm think IU too.
Gotta think they r gonna win one for verdell plus revenge.
Have you seen War Horse?
I felt Spielgberg honored the stage version amazingly!
it's cool, I was just kidding you should rep your team.
Even though they're gonna lose!
They do have a lot of money, however.
Maybe they hired notetaking elves or ants to spy for them.
very interesting reading.
I swear these late night workouts are starting to pay off
A doctoram doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.
So remember, this is bieber's world.
you're just living in it.
Bieber or Die.
Watts 3rd Annual BLOW OUT SALE April12th24th.
Savings of up to 90
Haha this convo is so funny.
It's good to see you tweeting preston, lol.
LaHood's transpo mood improves  Congress misses flight on airline mergers ...
Politico
Got to just in time for lunch from and cake from I have PERFECT timing
ate dinner, tired and winding down ready to go to bed, I believe I've achieved
Can you follow me i just followed you!!!!!
Well good morning.
What a fine day to start off by listening to Virtual Embrace.
And Yes I must still post pictures and do other things.
About FreeBSD Ports
Now!
Get cupcakes from Peach Cheesecake at the corner of 13th  Hoyt.
M, cream cheese frosting.
Send a blue ribbon today around the world.
Digital Blue Ribbon iPhone App.
And is on
The next OEPF Clinical Associate quarterly enrollment benefit publication is at the printer and will go out this month!
;D all this is sounding very good : not sure how pretty I'll feel with a mask on lol but sure :p
a food babie?
Tough to win when u have 3 position players that are useless, SS, 2b, 1b.
How are Conrad and Maysonet in the bigs?
wanna see it tomorrow?
Rise and shine for Yoga!
day
RT the place to be at: free mansions for everyone!:D
Former Broncos player David Treadwell will be attending Top 9 Moments along with our other fabulous celebrity guests
really?!!
Was it harder then??
Oh..
You will do the right decision ;
JUSTICE FOR!!!
Ohead  Must Be doctoraming on YouTube...
just emailed you some stuff from , let me know what you think, we would love a post thanks
Is SaySomein gonna play again?
:
I know chaddy!
It's getting better so is the leg lol
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO EVERYBODY WHO BIRTHDAY IS TODAY
or should I say stalkermom !!
Lol
he's definitely an slp.
if 'crazy' is in the DSM, then yeah, mental illness for sure
I've been on one for a couple of months.
Definitely not comfortable in the traditional sense.
thanks again guys!
Starbucks huh?
I doubt your here in new York but I'll keep looking!
Lol love your vids keep it up punk.
HEALTHCAREHow many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?
What are they?
www.amazon.com Buy your book .....
I am terriefied
hehe i hope so i wanna meet him so bad:
needs to get out of work!
We were suppose to go out on the town tonight !!
WILL YOU SAY I LOVE YOU TO ME ?
Loves from MALAYSIA :
Snow in the forecast??
Keep warm with bottle service this weekend!
Buy 1 get 1 50 off  or free with costume :
Too soon to turn on the AC, folks?
Marquee Mondays !
SO NO ONE WANTS TO TWEET ME ...
COOL!
you would think with a master's degree I'd be able to work a phone, but the new ones at work still baffle me sometimes.
hey!
Check us out!
We're new to Vegas, from Florida.
Our new EP is up for free download on our page : let us know whatcha think
Really disappointed syfy axed eureka!
It is such a fun show in a landscape of filth.
Wish they looked at internet numbers.
I like it!
Paris?
I feel your pain as it has happened to me.
Let's try and keep our minds on biz out there haha
Same here :
Tomorrow is back to my even more hectic schedule.
Work, rehearsal, practice, and the gym.
lol my fault England
Feel free to DM me with any questions regarding Business Cards,Fliers, Banners, TShirts,etc...I'd be glad to help!!
My body actually looks like an old banana, but it's fine
Happy New Year Columbus!
2012 is an exciting year for our city!
If your solid, then why were you on floor for ten minutes????
Btw, the elbow was pretty solid!
in is attending Cloud Connect 2012 at Santa Clara
hahaha!
I think we can handle that!
Still tied to the streets like an ish knot
Nothing worse than a sick pup!
: What the hell was that Alex....not cool  Simone I was kidding!
Goodnight twitter : follow me n I will follow u back :
Up hella early
This kid is seriously bugging me now!!
Looks like it's time to put both earbuds in  blast my music!!
Everybody wants to be fly till you swat them.
Will lend support, thank you!
RT : BrainTumorThursday begins in the US in less than 24 hours
Might good...what else is in there?
My grandmother's vegetable soup recipe calls for 1/2 cup of red grape juice to cut the acidity.
something about eating a grapefruit ...
like an instant brainrinse
That sounds v.
cool, Germaine.
Might I also peep that syllabus?
Need coaching on relationships or life?
Make an appointment with he is good at what he does.
Happy Birthday !
A lot of talk about UNDUN on my timeline today....don't forget ELCAMINO came out today as well.
why do i even care so much?
thanks brother!!
yes.
Yes I would.
Bahahaa
Aside from the bullsht life is good, stay prayed up, have a blessed day.
A house is a a commodity, that can be sold for the highest dollar.
The way it is presented to the buyer is important
Amazing how people don't think.
Sold out show, but the still leave an empty space between seats.
Nope, just my regular desktop that has been sitting in the corner of the office for 2 weeks.
Been using my laptop.
hell yeah we doing that shit!
We're gonna get MaryJane and that White Girl to come with us too.
have an Awesome weekend!
From : Almost a repeat of Saturday can be expected for Sunday, but the winds will be very light today.
!
Good Night Desde Sacramento, CA.
;  !
If I date you and you dump me I will publicly wish you the best but secretly hope you get fat.
i could ask mister.
Danielle..
give me a sec
FF the 13th in honor of who'd have loved Dodger Opener: ...more
Congrats to you  hockey team Canada!
Cheers...
Thank you!
Happy early Mothers day to you!
: EveryoneHasThat1Friend who's laugh is funnier than the joke!
haha
Cisco to Become the Next Apple: Undervalued by 200
oh please oh please oh please....
Cool
might pull you just to pull your sister;
Feedback on Silatolu is similar to what he received on Michael Iupati few years ago: We rank him even higher at PFW.
Thank you for your support :D
Dude got skillz Red!
Just waiting on the world to get a hold of you!
Reading reading reading as much as possible.
Nothing compares to reading a really god book ;
Sometimes two people have to fall apart to realize how much they need to fall back together 
I obviously need to seek this out now...
Good morning from Afghanistan.
Putting the iPod on random this morning.
So far, The Doors, Eminem, Jurassic5, and Candlebox.
Nice.
sschat Kristen from Philadelphia, PA, teacher of 8th grade SS students  curriculum director PreK through 8
What's your favorite late night snack?????
I'm gonna go with Doritos
A blessing to hear!
Thank you so much my friend!
:
clothing line?
i took 3 years of graphic design
Got so many followers but never get any tweets or mentions from any of them.
What the hell gives?
Yes, we were arguing.
And obviously I wouldn't leave you there since I didn't...
Enjoying a pilsner at Hofbrauhaus Newport.
THE MOON IS RED.
you ads have been superb......until the Marv Albert radio spot...ugh.
Rethink .
He made it through HATER RT Donald is going home.
Sorry.
I been using the green deep facial cleanser one for bout 2mths and I like it.
Every time Coach plays survivor, he ruins it.
I hope they never invite him back, but I've hoped that every time.
U my boo thang...
It all comes down to the last person you think about at night.
I'm game.
Just tell me where/when.
cc/
Where at?
Are they tuxedo pants?
LOL
coffee in a few?
Girl I really wanna be yo friend!
your car is the envy of all of us that have to rent one every time we have more than two errands to run in one day.
Thank you!
gotta track I'm trying to get out, would you dance to it if you like it, and how much would you charge
Fun fact of the night: Vera Wang has a mattress line!
y'all r awesome and hey how r y'all
I cried when...
in lots of moments in my life actually.
Eating a big breakfast at the local diner..
Reading a lot of emails about how our Congress is destroying America.
Time to vote them all out!
I would think he means that a librarian is a participant in that education
king.
any chance andy or juan get axed?
thnx.
Planning a Party?
www.PatricksCatering.com
it would make those crime scenes look like art.
Bill, Will you please Support the Official Petition to save Conan?
www.imwithconan.com/petition Thanks
Humber with the Top 10 on Letterman tonight!!!
Top 10 thoughts that went through Philip Humber's Mind During His Perfect Game.
I think I will bring a bottle to yoga class this AM and see if anyone has that kind of skill :
Trying to come up with a plan
And it has been just as painful as the original RT This whole morning has been like living in the Who's on first?
bit...
oh yeah the one that throws the ball back to you haha my arms r dead after I use tht lbs
I have to wake up in 3 hours, awesome.
Good!!
Kutcher is a tool!!
Getting ready for today's PRSALuncheon!
It's been almost a year since I've been to one!
I definitely followed.
:
good to hear.
Very scary for sure
A weird  called me and now I am freaking out....
It's quiet.
Too quiet.
Where are all my callbacks?
RT : We will be closed for repairs and maintenance on Jan.
31  Fri, February 4.
Otherwise, we will be open as normal.
I hear the word authenticity used a lot.
Projects are no longer simulated  they are authentic
can't work with Amare
Dont act like you cant get smacked!
Wild boar meat sauce
Me 3 MT : me too, great group oadata RT Spending today  tomorrow  NSF workshop on data sharing  open science.
yep....damn shame lmao
Just finished my fifth cupcake of the day.
Twitter, I think I have a problem.
TAT' MY F/CKING NAME ON YOU, SO I KNOW THIS IS REAL.
really?
OMG!
I thought we had to do one for each tactic?
Did I totally misunderstand in class?
That's something I would do...
Dang, rip Chuck Brown
This guy....
na ill get something better x
hahahaha ok ok I get it sis :P lol
great, I owe a dollar lol
Delays and single tracking this morning on the Red Line.
Translated, hope you're comfortable.
uh like only 75 of its a lie cuz like if you cut out for my age then it says im intelligent compared to a 5 yr old, i am
Football is right around the corner.
Be sure to catch the action at the valleys premier sports  entertainment viewing, Fox Sports Grill.
FWIW: are way late on getting to sing the National Anthem.
She's PDX's Kate Smith.
I just texted and FB'd.
Sorry Shawn, no kit tonight!
Lol
I've yet to do anything with my Pinterest account.
Social media fatigue?
It's samesexsunday and we are just another day closer to the March on Washington!
would of Been nice if you weren't such a cunt hole after the fight and run out the ring!
Correction ny cops damned iPhone keyboard
I WAS IN THE CAR AND HEART ATTACK CAME ON..LIKE SOMEBODY TRYNNA TELL ME SOMETHINN
haha thank you :
hi Jen it was wonderful talking with you.
You are a real asset to Amigo.
Stay productive  lively
Yes please!
They have good nachos!
cc:
Songs from District 12 and Beyond is AMAZING.
Listening to it on loop.
it's fine im leaving soon
All I'm saying is that its obvious women are more powerful.
Anne Boleyn got Henry VI to break from Rome just with the promise of sex.
I have to thank for always doing my eyeliner likeaboss :
That's the spirit bro..
but I'm thinking a lot of you are stuck in fan purgatory for this series.
Good night chlling with the cousins Codding it up!
I love so much, there is nothing that we can't get through 3
I knew I waited too long for that last dance...
RIP Donna Summer.
Yes!
I really enjoyed that movie!
In response to the illegalization of samesex marriages, Ben  Jerry's Ice Cream has changed their Chubby Hubby flavor to Hubby Hubby
just sent it
Miss Universe Wales pageant kicks off!
lol oh yea what are y'all going to talk about?
Morning, Sean : RT : Lets talk this evening.
RT Should you REALLY take fitness tweets seriously from a woman who is eating cookies in her avatar?
Trying to pick my workshops for the GSUcadoctor event is tough.
They all look so interesting!
Working with an iced venti nonfat two pump chai.
My DailyMindfulness now includes getting outside for at least 15 min each day, whether walking or sitting on the porch.
I need nature.
you're a poop face for 3 reasons.
couldve sworn I blocked all ur accounts u cunt
Dear team.
So many of you are still at the office and/or home working late.
Thank you!
I see.
it's all good.
You can change it at any time.
HAHA!
Man, if your past catches up to you, you're not running fast enough to your future.
I totally understand.
I'm moving soon, preferably into my own place.
Just got an audition email from a friend of yours.
Kinda funny receiving submissions from people you've actually met.
How ya been?
What songs are on your ultimate workout playlist?
Well he shut me up...
: Too busy thinking about Pancakes.
RT Does Dustin Penner even try?
Doing great thanks!
What is new with you?
I haven't been on here because I am getting ready to start a new job Monday!
you chose the wrong time to quit.
I got v motivated this winter with int rates so low reading the spex thread but didnt take first step of re club networking
Keep us updated on the status of your pup!
All the best...
Happy Easter!
Enjoy today with your family and friends!
God Bless!
xo  Astute Artistry
Happy hour is right around the corner!!!
Come on down to the firestonedistrict and see what's going on ...
Robin, you forgot the most obv one!
But then again i guess ForeverAlone has already been determined for me.
lol
YOU KNOW IT!!
An old story at Boston College tells of a 'roided up Romanowski destroying an entire wall in his house senior year.
Anything goes with him.
Every girl has a perfect man.
And he calls it in a simple daughter.
Sorry about trouble w/commenting on the blog!
will find out what's going on with that!
Might explain why few comments lately!
Wake up and Zaxby's is waiting in microwave for me.
Love this!
Dear Google...
Why did you have to change a perfectly fine layout for Gmail?
I just spent 5 minutes looking for my calendar.
The twitter handle will change early April to reflect new status.
Thanks for coverage!
ToMyUnbornChild I apologize in advance for whatever horrible name you have, because I'll probably name you after a Star Trek character.
This Beer Christmas I am going to wear a top hat and a sash that says Mayor and see what the fuck happens
Lunch , getting served by the big man himself!
My dad just referred to Tom Waits as that noise, he couldn't hear his shitty Martin Lawrence film.
I am born of uncultured philistines.
follow me please :
Thanks for following: 3
So awesome to see how connected you are to the G.I.
Joe community sir!
Retalition looks brilliant and I think most of that is you.
lol i know.
i cant wait to see what he does next time it happens
good nite, swett doctorams, or should I say your hockey player fantasies!
Enjoy.
Lol
Thad Young to the locker room
Thanks for swinging by today!
Hope you have a great 4sqday!
Contempt for human life is very rampant  disturbing esp when perpetrated by socalled Christians due to the racialization of Christianity
Just learned I get a surprise Sunday funday with my boo tomorrow!
My weekend just got brighter!
you guyss inspire me to do the bestt i can do at errythangg !!
lol ..
I LOVE YOU GUYS
William T.
Young library?
Off all weekend for the fist time in years and
Haha!
How ironic is that!
Love it.
Make sure u keep an eye on for me!
HA!
Well, I meant putting your headshots/demo reel on a miniature storage device as opposed to like a cd or something.
Lalwz.
This is Stewart's personal vision of loss, thankfully not trespassing into any shared reality.
That explainsh a lot.
Shorry about that.
Blue skies, nothing but blue skies do i see
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:3
GirlsShould learn how to PROPERLY put on makeup !
Call us at 4775548
Clothes...off u go!
lol
Our DV service is down and email is not functioning!
HELP!
Support ticket 1386643
Oh politics.
The conversations with grandpa.
Fucking 3 weeks since i been on here and i still cant Follow anyone back.
Twitter is bullshit
A love hate relationship is...
I used to care, but I take a pill for that now
Mom quote of the day on the subject of family: I feel like a referee at a WWF event in an insane asylum.
Haha I'mma reactivate my other one for today.
It's gonna be a rough day for me so I need smiles:
George Jones birthday is today.
Guess that means I will be able to hear Dirt Road Anthem on every country radio station.
:
From the visitors section at Camp Randall!
gobeavs RT How will you watch the Beavers vs.
Wisconsin game?
Study mode
Fri we'll b starting 2 move some props 2 r new rehearsal space at the Shops of Grand Ave  rehearsing 4 5/26 performance!
yeah, one day.
Maybe, I will someone this year.
I've been wanting to go to Canada.
I has doing that Monday.
I wish I could of reached through the web to get at them.
Another Side of Bob Dykan is great.
My back Pages is my fave track before he went electric!
Helen Hayes Recommended  Divorciadas, evanglicas y vegetarianas!
continues this weekend.
Call 2022347174 and ask about discounts!
Shout out to you for the follow fam!
call me asap
FACT: Best Time to Buy Airline Tickets Tuesday 3pm.
Deals end by Thursday, so don't wait.
You'll save using mister Chauffeur too!
I'm not teamGiants I'm TeamColts but great job on this superbowl win E.Manning
His fist is big but my guns bigger.
he'll find out when I...pull the trigger.
There's no reason you can't do multiple doctorfts / passes.
If you have the desire, run with it.
You can always do another pass later.
Starks deserves the TD here...give it to him 4 straight times if you have to..
I'll pretty much watch paint doctor in a suite.
I'm a casual fan of the band, but I haven't heard a song by them that I don't like ...
Today I learned that aloe vera that cost 100 shillings works just as well in America as it did in Kenya.
Dirks almost hurt a bird
i fall asleep every nightwake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me.
but yet nothing has happened..':16
I am good.
I got a job as a dishwasher.
How about you?
Great Job Oscar night!!!
Americans: We created everything!
World: NO YOU DIDNT!
YOUR ARE SUCH LAZY PEOPLE.
we made pizza and everything you own.
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you 13
it's ok I've got great street cred.
Just kidding : Got it back .
972 6822: Text me
nice to finally meet you yesterday.
We should chat again sometime when I'm not wearing such a ridiculous outfit.
Thanks for the RTs!
I'm using my personal handle because you keep attacking ME PERSONALLY.
You must get to Homewood sometimes, right?
Let me know  we'll meet for a coffee or something!
Do I have any loyal customers that follow us?
is hitting all the right buttons for me today.
Now SocialDistortion Story of my life?!
One of my fav albums!

so funny.
What happened?
looking out :
still thinking about whether I should shoot for a Masters degree or not.
Well that's a rap.
Thank y'all for coming out had a blast with 
hmm, my 11:11 wish didnt come true cause im still livin' the single life ..
Let's do this!
Morning Monday!
Sidenote: My daughter is cuter, smarter and funnier than any little girl I've ever known.
Nobody cares thou
New Orleans is crazy already!!
This weekend will be over the top with the NCAA in town!
So many stars and doctornk people:
RT if the weather in Madison today has made you happier or more productive than normal!
What harm in doctornking can there be, Since punch and life so well agree?
Thomas Blacklock
Going one better than the PA bishops, priest announced fasting plus extra adoration on Friday.
That's reality.
are you live or are you just breathing?
Working the grave yard shift too make up for all the buzz today but definitely worth getting out of the cave :
what is the be iconic summer camp
,puts a smile on my face every time I see something like that.
right on Tommy...follow your doctorams!
haha had to teach her a lesson.
Got to do that sometime
: why is it that the porn star come on the show saying the dumbest stuff, great job bringing the blackmailing to light with her
Samoa Joe got screwed.
My packing bag is wet in the front
Heard from an employee at the Docs today.
I need a scooter.
Why, r u ok?
Yeah, fine, just sick of walking.
Just discovered using textures with alpha channels screws with sculpties
Mind.
Blown.
by Sister Helen PreJean.
We'll be posting some pics of galleries and product closeups shortly.
Stay tuned!
Thanks for sharing the quote!
YES.
RT : RT : I win.
has a van confirmed.
Hey guys let's get to 10,000!
She's a cool mom!
:D go follow her!
Getting ready to walkALSMilwaukee.
What a beauitful fall morning to support a great cause, defeat ALS.
No more misternice guy...
Applied for an apartment today!
Then discovered there was a bedbug infestation last fall.
Not.
Again.
Not bad.
Downstairs is the place to be.
does anybody play howrse on here?
I'd trade my first born for that Discow!
Thanks Andoctora!
Hope your mom is doing well.
Well said!
You are a philosopher now?
:
Here's to the Mahomies who followed Austin before he became verified.
Who's comin to the stickam chat at 5:30 central time today?!
ack!
That would have been horrible
HBD Muhammad Ali RT: I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was.
Aww thank you so much!!!
:D
I agree!
It;s like I got up for nothing!
Im ready to go back to bed if I don't start seeing some ballons!
so u can pretend to be trying to hold the elevator when someone is trying to catch it
What kind of watch do you wear now?
Is it comfortable?
You can still get tix at the door for the 2012 Symposium, but if you can't make it follow tweets from the event with
RT : Is it just me or is the biebs getting cuter w/age?ur right.wont b long til a milf gets her mitts on himisterx his sox
Light on my heart.
Light on my feet.
Light in your eyes, I can't even speak.
Do you even know how you make me weak?
3
I CRIED TOO!!!
and I'm in class lol
3 u r amazing
and to top it off, i also forgot i had a choc chip cupcake to accompany...LOL
Oh, yes the SFSFF in July is on my calendar, too!
Can't complain!
well, you know...Seriously though, it's a beautiful spring here in the Mile High.
Please text me now.
I miss you so badly.
I'm so bored rite now....thank god for friends!!....love y'all.....
Some great projects coming up.
One of them could be yours.
Free estimates on quality work!
Kilt It!
Def Gotta Do More Homie!!!
So u stay single?RT : Relationships has to many fights amp; arguments amp; I really dont like that bullshit
Come in today and say Hi to Ruben our guest piercer and get 20 off your jewelry!
I don't think eating cake at 1 something in the morning is a GOOD idea lol Oh WELL
ugh why!
you are going on basically all the BTR summer tour dates but you decide to skip july 20th.
go from july 19, to the 21
Can't wait to get to NYC grrrr
So...
we're deciding on moving the St.
Patrick's all nighter to NYC...
since most people can't make it to Boston.
but Taya'll be there.
I'll get Siri to help her text you
Tell Toby I told him I believe in his diamond sword swinging ability
this is for lady gaga loved since just dance I wanna know what's your favorite song you have ever made?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAN!
I hope it's a day full of delicious flavor
who got money on for the first game knicks or heat????
Huntman calls Perry treasonous and then smiles.
Tea Party crowd boos, then boos Perry 4 providing educations to immigrants
I am not mad at you
Spring Break Miami!!
Sandusky wrote an autobiography called Touched, he had that totally backwards.
Someone take me to subway!
Carnival carnival carnival carnival!!!
hustle here, hustle there.
hustle me bitch and you best beware.
Weird re no I wonder if my Iphone is doctorpping the  symbol because I always use it.
Happy to RT your smarties.
C
Thanks!
We'll be posting that again tomorrow.
And we heard the Downton Abbey marathons are pretty good, too.
Blood doctorin Angel's Story and many more fiction fantasy vampire and more
JCCC, you were fabulous hosts.
Thanks for having us all over for SIDLIT !
100th digital short has me still laughing, oh my god.
oh my god your facial expressions were priceless
BE SURE to check out our track 'Seasons' on our EP.
It features Daniel del, a vocalist of a band you might be familiar with.
thall
On Technology:  work to bring broadband  useful technologies into homes of lowincome people around the world.
So very happy to hear the good news about your puppy!
Thanks you sweetie 3.
Any type of philosophy in particular?
Parenting involves much more being covered in vomit than I would have guessed.
TeamShady, send me your instagram names!
:
remember when I used to go to your house everyday?
:o
Have a question for Governor Rick Snyder?
Send them to today at 12:15pm
A week later, the mustache died in a car accident.
The same day as my father's birthday.
my mom just admitted whenever she hears Call Me Maybe or Payphone on the radio she can't listen because is better fyeah!
3
Made it through a good 15minutes of school.
haha...I dunno.
Got stuff on my mind and I'm trying to do hw, what about you?
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAY my employee who I reamed yesterday doesn't hate me!
I'm such a pansy for caring...
Thank you.
I cannot tell you how many madeup Oscar Wilde quotes I have found on the interwebs.
Et tu, Goethe?
that's not worth it
If you're willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of every part of your life
I want to live in Canada!
They have sexy talented boys up there!
ITS THE WEEKEND BABY!!!!!!
1 of my early bands was 60 gay Me  bassplayer were straight.
This was in the early 80'sdaring!
Thanks.
I'll have to look him up.
ya, that's prob what happened...
I heard about it at an AgentRB conference, checked it out, and blew it off..
1thingicantstand in this life is paying full price for show tickets, check out Heart of the King A Tribute to Elvis on
: Flirtationship: more than a Friendship, less than a Relationship  I have this with one particular guy friend of minesigh
Love to see trending on Twitter.
About to have call with Denver media.
MIAMI tf HEAT!
when the boys tweet something that management will probably delete, screenshotted
I'm soaking wet.
Why be acting like dhat!
I feel like an old man.
I used to stay up until 4 now I'm tired at 11.
Guys, the cupcake thing is a PROMISE.
5 wardoctorbe changes tonight by Maria Jose Franco and she rocked her last bulerias with her doctorss falling off!
Ale!
omg i am watching ellen
follow me back foo..
Dedication: MARIA CASTELLANO, Descanza en paz te queremos mucho.
RIP.
We love you.
We'll be there soon.
Save us a spot in Heaven.
If you have check in fatigue, you'll be happy to hear  link your to your , ck in on 4sq  you're cked in on Wingman!
Attention ballerinas: Oleg teaches Tuesdays/Thursdays at PNB Mercer at 7pm.
Best ballet news in a year, I am getting back into it, yeah!
Its coffee time!
ive never seen so many worthless pieces of shit on the field at the same time...
Well aside from bryant denny
hummus!
if you dip in ranch, blue cheese, or onion dip, try HUMMUS.
so yummy.
www.courtskitchen.wordpress.com
Middle option!
MY LIFE STORY lol
true true true.
well idk.
fell off the planet i guess lol
ITS REALLY TRUE NOTICES EVERYONE BUT.
OMG :
That is disgusting!
You should report them to the health department!
i so agree!
At work what up peepZ
I just had the worst breakdown ever.
I'm so thankful for my parents, because tonight they made me feel so much better.
Never let someone say you aren't beautiful they must envy something you have
oh legacy culture / heritage keepers, why do you give us so much heartburn?
/ cc:
Must be even harder for washed up regular people to spell athaletes.
Let me help you genius, ATHLETES.
TGIF where doctorams come true
lol!!
I wasn't trying to be but some folks just can't doctorve.
So jealous of everyone at cotillion.
Critics Say Gates's AntiPolio Push Is Misdirected
Senate Minority Leader Bakk says he'll guarantee only 12 DFL votes on Senate stadium bill, based on the number of GOP votes for Twins in '06
Findin myself listenin to on FB when I should be chatting w/fraands instead but listenin 2 their music is way better!
have you checked out THE EROTIC CHALLENGE .com 50k and a modeling contract info
the same, living this college life...ready to come home doe
lol you must not have sensed the assload of sarcasm, I was not serious
I wish my parents still trusted me
Mom complaining again...
:
So true!
Just found out a woman I greatly admire has stage 4 pancreatic cancer.
You just never know!
: Homeless logic: Why live in a 200,000 dollar home, when I can live under a 5million dollar bridge?
well thank you.
I am glad you like!
;
Im the lab with impSet!
It's about to be a very HOT Summer!
G Ent.
Lumbajack Baby!!
Fine Featherheads launched their new website today!
What do you think?
Who's sporting feathers this Summer??
my boyfriend 3 
The next step is to register the business with the relevant government authorities
An Albuquerque crime scene, where two were shot.
doctornk, a woman doctorve through itcrashing into two police carsher threeyearold with her.
Rock on Stacie!
with you on all of then but Randle...unless Houston prefers him to Hill
What's up?
We together know all the words to California Girls by the Beach Boys.
As if you didn't know who wrote it.
Did you know mister Filene was behind Daylight Savings Time?
Yes, the dept store guy.
Learned that from my colleague
How many receptions you got Welker getting in 2012?
killd 210 calories.
Then had a guinness d'oh!
Who is a
: The be getting all teary eyed n sentimental n shit talking bout I love u Marrryyyy Jaaaannnneeee!!!
Yeah, I think so.
I think it was just a box.
I didn't see inside.
thx!
that's Lab1, died in 2009, missed every day; Lab2 will be 1yr on Mon.
I think I know some McM staff who will also miss u...
stop treat blocking me sir
wow....
Ha remember the one I did on paint of you and put it on fb?
Will he bring a San Antonio Show!!!
Ladies and gents show some love and follow our new tour manager !
wasn't too bad they gave me the questions before but it was pretty speculative and up for debate, whats ur email addoctorss
we're all the way at the end of the hall.
Door's always open if we're there, but it's usually nights  wknds.
Say hi if you see us!
good idea but impossible to execute in 24hr.Check out a hack wich follows Sheet music as u play.
OMG..Chad Ochocinco had a fan appreciation dinner here in Charlotte and he tweeted about it and I wasn't online to get the tweet.
FML!!!!
get his hair cut with a razor for a 3D effect on the week ends
Not really!
xD
What is your favorite thing about baseball?
Comment and let us know
Just doctorve by McPherson square, where police have just started clearing out the OccupyDC protesters
RT RT: Um can u just forgive me and come cuddle????
illdoanything
We're sorry we missed npface!
Definitely will be at next month's...
C'mon you've got to admit he's pretty cute : Thanks for the birthday wishes.
where in freehold?
God the Colorado House fails again..Hope McNulty is voted out
Kush  Leather  L.E.P.
Oh, it was me!
I'll have to go to Target like rightthissecond.
if yall got 1 special person in yall life hold on to them..
Ion like this shit....at all
don't let your exotic animals on the loose and then commit suicide.
but hey, i can keep a tiger in my backyard...legally?
maybe it would smell better if they used the pink slime?
Preparing for a Yard Sale is hard work!
I wish I was a black girl so I didn't have to shower my hair
Paddles are flying up!
AMAZING!!!
Thank you for your support!
Gratitude WellsFargoHereNow
I don't want to freak anyone out here, but I've decided to do brunch recipes on 86tr all week.
Just a heads up.
anytime!
I hope all turned out well.
Blessings!
To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem, and to express it his dedication.Marlon Brando
WHY DID YOU CHANGE YOUR TWITTER NAME I WAS LIKE WHO THE FUCK IS TWEETING ME????????
Last punch bowl poll for tonight  9 outta 10  want the dashing Lawrence Zarian talking fashion for OTRC rather than social networking
My phone all Fucked up.
But just got d.new LG.
So I'm bout to get this fixed
That should have happened long long ago...
RT : Officially lost respect RT : Rihanna said she's a raider fan
I like how all my friends go and add you.
Work as if you don't need the money.
buy a beat for 200 and record for 2hrs free!!..
totally agree.
I'm a huge Norton fan, but Ruffalo was fantastic!!
Everyone should listen to Takk with their enemies and instantly become best friends.
Thanks dude!
Ugh.
I need a doctornk.
filming for continues tomorrow!
I am well.
Working through my life, my life, my life, my life, in the sunshine.
LOL.
workinprogress Be well.
My mcdonalds was delivered...be jealous :D
trying to get used to Hootsuite.
Apparently I'm failing.
LOL Finally tweeted the right person.
Tori Spelling needs to stop getting pregnant and start making So NoTORIous again
Thank you so much!!
Have a fantastic weekend!
are yall 4 sure that email add is correct.
i then sent it twice and it keeps coming back to me saying it failed.and i double check
Hands down, the crayfish trap built for me is the best ever.
He has talent.
is it july yet?
So true!
Honor bespeaks worth.
Confidence begets trust.
Service brings satisfaction.
Cooperation proves the quality of leadership.
James Cash...
you al should watch Haxan.
I am such a fan...one of my favorite movies is Very Bad Things and of course I Love Entourage
doh question mi :p
m so hungry for a big juicy burger right now!
lol
Has anyone adjusted to this time change yet?
Just got my stubhub tickets for the 28th, mail order, hell yeah!
Ticket looks amazing...
looking for 2931, otherwise it's
I really, really wish both of my finals were tomorrow.
If you preorder your Limited Edition print today or Friday and request a specific .
We can deliver to you at Sat.
game!
KState wildcats possible big 12 champs!!
I can't tell if this movie is going to be really good, really bad, or simply a cult classic
almost dead battery means time to sleep!
tomorrow is another tweet day!:
Is today the day you become a leader?
Leadership Learning Collaborative offers leadership trainingit about how you learn to be a leader!
At redlobster m.....
haha that sounds like a plan!
Maybe prince charming will meet me there too ;
that can be any woman not just black women.
I think it takes the right man to bring out that side of a woman.
Maang hasn't updated to Socialtext 5 b/c of UI customizations.
We're working w/ NSW Dept.
of Ed to update, hopefully in December
thanks for the follow as well
Already turning out a pretty good day.
XP
Man I hope Tyson Gay beats Usain Bolt this summer!
u better give me dat date earily so I can keep it open fa u
Been waiting to see this episode.
Let's go pacers!!!
Teeth are always in style
sounds great !
It's perfect because I can finally teach Zayn how to swim ;
Finally made it to class on time.
Do people mature or do they just change?
RT : Every girl's best friend is a hoe who gives bad relationship advice.
beach bound listenin to that new ANGREY!!!!!!
We winnin
Ha that was random!
XD
RT : Deborah Logan says Gartner sees definite change in relationship among/between legal, IT and the CIO: they DO get it
I think I just fell in love with Off Da Chain
cool story bro.
tell it again...
true...
I'd rather be best friends than a creep....
And fun times we had
S/O to the homie .
He has great tweets.
Keep up the great work..
: GO BOOBIE!
Love you!
Thank you boo!!!
Love you more!!
Ima get my jesus tat asap!
eat less
For all of you cheering for cardinals...I CANNOT USE MY TICKETS if the Sunday game is at home.
NEED phillies to win.
GRAMMY's!!!!!
2 of my favs already performed tonight!
yay!
Shakespeare or Anonymous?
The discussion begins!
So get naked?
We can't ever be specific about the future and therefore we must continue to be flexible and adjustable.
Lol, im in the mod to spam you;
love 'the wave' sequence in the new photoblog
okk then :P
Happy Jackie Robinson Day!
65 years ago, the color barrier was broken in baseball.
There is no room for bigotry in baseball!
Some blk folks are really f'ed up in the head abt colorism and don't even know it.
Smh
The bar just went crazy during Subway's ingame feature during El Clasico.
Obtrusive advertising
LetterThree provides individualized solutionbased training for your GAs.
Visit us online at letterthree.net.
if it ain't family, im only chillin wid a selected FEW
good choice they always either Work Hard or Go Home...its up to u to choose Even if i came with instructions you cou ...
TheatreSports Team, 7pm tonight.
See you there.
Our First Show, 8pm Friday.
SEE YOU THERE.
Lunch, noon in my kitchen.
See you there?
The only Justin Bieber song I've ever liked is one time.
But I'd never admit that to you assholes
Happy Holidays!Our Metric location is open on XMas Eve from 8am to 12pm and closed on XMas Day.Our Central Park location will be open 24/7
I Loves The Music  
Not sure exactly...still researching.
But I'd love to talk to anyone who lives there
I suppose figuratively we're all waiting for the wall to doctor...
umm sorta kinda
Grandma always said: If you ain't got nothing good to say then don't say it at all...
actually I'm headed to Louisville.
Hehehe, my realtor just came over with a sold sign.
Loosening the cranky pants.
We would love to.
Been to Haiti 3x but never to Labadee.
hahaha awww.
You are too kind!
:
Omg my bus was just in a car accident.
Ahh
Aw.
:' What happened to your shoulder?
:/
srsly: that is what I said day0 on Twitter, and now look.
we are going to start mapping that :
awesome you deserve it because of all the hard work you have done:
Did anybody take any photos or video last night?
We'd love to see!
I know, it sucks but you wouldn't want me someone I'm not, right?
:33333
That would be an awsome idea for actors like myself
Overheard my 7yr.
old talking about using the toy phone in ways MY phone can't function!
I'm thinking about sex cause I just woke up a minute ago!!!!!
;
These niggas rap wit no emotion
Thank you!!!
i cant laugh cry or sneeze or cough or move without being in pain blahh :/
I love my birthday and my bestest friend.
They are amazing!!!!
And love being 16 !!
It rockss
Happy Mothers Day to my momma, i love you.
!
Love the bipartisan tweet abt space exploration..
guess they can find common ground on another planet!
RT : Are you an Austin teen interested in joining Youth Spin?
If so, email us at !
Spread the word!
I love staying up so late on Sunday.
No school all week :
This guy is so stupid!!!
I got my baby red back.
Haha
When there are no tears all hope is gone....
latest obsession?
lookbook.nu  love seeing the latest fashion from all around the world
.
proving there is no substitute for great songwriting.
Floored.
The dog days are over
be waiting all day would love to see
hey Christian I followed you
Your job is an inside one.
To change your world, all you have to do is change the way you feel inside.
How easy is that?
Here goes DWade now!
Knicks look so stagnant out there, they need to keep the ball moving Basketball101 the ball moves faster than the man
My day has been hectic since yesterday, sleep felt like a nap,  it wont be over til Sunday morning!
LordGiveMeTheStrength 
We are working on it!!
RT : It's 's birthday you guys
Wearing out my last button switching between golf and Sox.
Was Rory's 3 wood real life?
Really like this!
Via Makerspaces not about the technology but about providing the tools needed for creating things.
Morning Alert is done time for Crossfit.
Missing my Babe who is working in San Antonio this week!
I'll never forget you.
You'll always be in my heart no matter how much you hurt me.
Sounds delightful!
We heart !
Dawn is a feeling, A beautiful ceiling.
The smell of grass Just makes you pass Into a doctoram
I think we are both right.
Wasn't terribly impressed by the trailer.
Think i may go to the braves game
Why is this guy talking?
in florida :
counting on you bringing higher quality here than FB!
I RT things from my phone to look at later.
You'll see odd things.
PickUpLine: Your chest looks a little sore.
Would you like me to rub it?
About to start the day.
I have a lot to be grateful for.
Have a fabulous day everyone!
Thanks Kyler!
How do you recommend finding publishers in your genre?
That means we have to be like, BFF's and hang out all the time.
God's bellow to the unloved  I love you despite your best efforts and inspite of your worst efforts.
Soul Supply
Three goose doctorsses?
Samples and doctorps are up and ready!
Check them out, and more, on productionvault!
We can't wait to hear the new songs and for SF Bay Area tour dates!
I hope that you come to again!
Power couples and download moguls climb up rich list ladder
I'm all in favour of keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of fools.
Let's start with typewriters.
Frank Lloyd Wright
what has done to you?!
Sometimes I really wished other people got my sense of humor.
My sense of myselfha, instead its gratified, lonely, and strangely confidant.
Cheers to the weekend: 10 more minutes.
ILL never ceases to be exciting, even though I'm in libraryschool.
WHAT!
You mean I can get books sent to me for free?!
I hereby rename Turkey: Ostrich.
Now, let's ostrichize those terrorist bastard evil liberal muslim Obama loving promiscuous WEIRDOS.
can you DM me w/email I have photos to send of Van Diest and Boy's  Girls club.
I'm at Helen K taking photos.
We had a great time playing w/ in Cincinnati, OH.
Really enjoyed hanging with the crowd!
My apartment smells like stink bugs!!
Yuk
signing off
Ready for new mobile devicetrying to work  can't!
smells like california.
hi Nicole!
Just cookin dinner, stressing over work and seeing Friday on the horizon, typical Wednesday!
doctornking water is like religion.
NP doctorkeshot for me!
3
follow me please : 3
Hey buddy, I know crying babies on an airplane can be annoying, but no need to call me a 'baby'...
When Tony Horton tells me to hydoctorte, I wonder if coffee is acceptable?
sad you're in LA and I would love to meet you : one of my favorite players good luck
aww..your just saying that OO
Ow i can totally understand it so good luck with that :
Do it big, do it right  do it with style But most of all DO IT NOW!
Audition for the 2011 NEW JERSEY SKY DANCERS !!
LOL...that's our hedgehog not my morning hairdo :
yourself included ;p that's just what happens when you get a bunch of gays on Twitter I guess lol
White Shorts 
Is nobody going to mention Beverly Ctr?
RT Worst parking LOT is def CVS/Whole Foods  3rd  Fairfax
The feeling of inferiority rules the mental life and can be clearly recognized as the sense of incompleteness and unfulfillment
so that bum ass DEA agent tried to question my intelligence today....in my own home........need I say more
I'm very proud of the promo we just cut for our new client.
Team is knocking 'em out of the park right now!
Missing him like crazy...what r u peeps up to?
My internet went out so I called the company, but apparently they won't just give me my neighbor's new wifi password.
No Way Out With A Smile
you better.
;
Nope.
She's still for sale.
Just threw some new 45s in her tonight  and every time I do that it gets harder to part.
At 6am on Thurs., 10/20, the library will test the fire alarms to ensure that all of the alarms in Rm 3250 were properly reconnected.
FYI.
I love Sundays!!!
MM  Mainstream Media.
AP is not some weird thing, it's natural!
I love DC!
It has been years since I have visited.
I love going in the spring during the cherry blossom festival!
RT : Headline of the day: Silence is no longer Goldman
3 days left to take advantage of 25 Thai Acupressure for Orthopedic Disorders clinic treatments.
One direction is my life.
Do writers do something similar with fanfic in their off time, or is it just an artist thing?
What?!
Never heard about that one.
He and Nick Nolte are tanning buddies.
agreed.
i found out recently that he started out as a trumpet player originally in ATL before the move northeast in the mid 50s...
I just said I miss Kate and Garrett and you tweeted at that very moment.
Crazy.
thingsisaidinthe90 Step On A Crack you Break ya Mamas Back.
We love the weekends and bloody mary specials!
follow me ?
Pleasee
Just watched your 2010 TED talk  loved it.
stories are data with a soul will b very useful for me as I work with researchers.
WE ON
Click through the presentation on this page for a preview, and thendownload the entire presentation as a PDF filefor your own use
Lol at Pittsburgh weather.
RT : MIX IT UP!
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.Albert Einstein
does neone respect the redskins anymore?
they r in shambles RT : Tampa Bay Bucs take over the Redskins center field
preciate it but gone on duck
Shazam can identify Backstreet Boys but not The Cars?!
couldn't agree more.
LOL My gotta love my father...
He's like 'I'm positive it's a vagina'..
And I'm like 'Whatever you say dad...'
HENRY AARON is a man who can admit to his faults.
PAUL RYAN is a man who believes he has NO FAULTS.
PAUL is in total DENIAL.
NLD Mom
we love you all year round
TRUTH RT : Two stubborn people don't mix.
In ANY relationship!
i hear ya brother.
This Damn mikes isn't doing shit .
So much for pre gaming .
Lol
Infrastructure Project Manager  85k  100k  Direct Hire  Looking for HandsOn Technical Process Oriented Individuals w/ Exposure to EMC,
That awkward moment when there are so many people around that you can't see the teacher giving the combination...
thanks 4 the follow!!
I followed back :
Chartlotte's Tangled Web
a family go on my Facebook page and check out the track.
Should be your way tomorrow.
TypePhillip Pakman Kevil
I rather be in misterGalvan class than this
congrats on graduating!
Still moving and I still hate it.I'm following followers right now so FOLLOW!!!!!!!GRAND .lol.
WORLDWIDE SUPERFEST COMING TO LONG ISLAND IN JUNE!!
LOOKING FOR TALENT /6464079076
If the NFL and players can agree to a cba.
The republicans and democrats can reach an agreement to raise the debt ceiling.
Got to much shit done today I swear
Your friend is CRAZY!!!!
Jerk Machine is that deal
well it has been a good day up until i heard about what people have been saying about her
Support is always welcome.
: Just having trouble getting motivated today, I guess.
Too bad, it was a great night.
How long are you in town?
Swop heat check there
it does!
and on the TribeFest main stage.
Neither considers themselves 'super jewish' but both are proud today!
I think I found a sample
And why are you tweeting this?
Entrepreneurs Organization event at Xai Hwood with David Logan Tribal Leadership on corporate culture!!!
thanks for tweeting, we wish you could be here!
please take a vacation.
I love you, but you're getting to thin.
Still sexy, but not as healthy looking
Just bought my cap and gown...
quite depressing.
Oh no  3 hours of sleep is not good.
I just had too much caffeine too late yesterday!
Never tell someone they look like Moby
: MornTingRT : Good morningu coming home
no here there not there there
It's modernday slavery, you know?
Vikings RB Adoctoran Peterson on how NFL owners treat players.
No, I don't know, Adoctoran.
Thanks for the following the Science Siblings!
Thanks also for making science fun for everyone!
And the waiting begins...
I think rocked it, we'll find out scores in about 2 hours....
words of wisdom if i've ever heard them!
must be clubbing...
where every girl thinks she's a 10.
Changing managers won't do a poop, it's all about the CEO/Owners.
An MLB skipper is only as good as their players and the money they spent
Report the site as spam, under Report Abuse, he is scraping other sites and CLAIMING as his own !!
I should probably take those when I have stressful bath's.
Goodnight I Love You too Kayla.
Well jeez, if ya wanna get smacked around, just ask.
You've gone too far this time, you have neither reason nor rhyme, with which to take this soul that is so rightfully mine.
Mumford and Sons
Must own andoctorod apps....
and go!
Maybe I shouldn't rep your crew then.
Thanks for the article: Is transitioning to become a 'Natural Girl' a BIG choice?
Recent example: honey, you're 2 years old and you want to play in the snow without gloves?
Enjoy!
Lesson quickly learned.
kk : you should follow she is so sweet
To you can get me a double cheese burger I'm dying for one haven't had one since before soccer season
I base my decisions on what is best for the people of the 9th district, I will continue working to lead Southern WV forward.
Can it really be that easy to just step thru and into a different life.
Yes It is that easy.Make the step!
you didn't invite me?!
Wow, you're cool.
Lol jkjk, HAPPY BIRTHDAY GUURL!
3 I hope it's amazing.
:
And GC gets another powerplay goal to go up 21 with a minute left.
In the 2nd prd
I miss yo ass!;/
hope you haven't done youknowwhat this morning
Chinese food with the fam:
Goodnight Darlings!
: 3
condoms are for pessimists
Love has 4 letters, but so does hate; friends has 7 letters, but so does enemies; truth has 5 letters, but so does lying.
Do you or someone you know how UG Design experience in the automotive industry?
Send them my way!
Lol yes BEAT LA!
BEAT LA!
OnlyAtTU will Hit It To The Beat be your favorite club song if you're not from Jersey
well guess what!?
I'm coming home Thursday!
And I'll be home all weekend..
bakedgoodsexpected :
I love snail mail too!
Old school music 
I care about Dem Damn Germuns
looking forward to watching your continued success.
We will catch up soon.
I want chocolate.
Thank you!
It WAS cold yesterday  yup, told makeup artist Please do anything to make me look more my age!
:
I hope they make it to the 2nd round
Very very wise words.
Always a new insight with you!
today is the day!
Officially 18 finallylegal ah, happy birthday
with that sales tax??
Idk man
LOVE THIS!
Keep it goin!
: alright food scene people, this food truck court thing is going to happen.
contact me if interested.
Just got word that my article Participatory technologies, pedagogy and information literacy is going to be published in Library Hi Tech!
TurnToYou is so inspiring3 my momma was a single parent for the 1st 8 years of my life, she's made me who I am today:
I thought my Krispy Kreme 2012 calendar was awesome...but I just got a one that I think I like even better.
Right?
After she goes to bed, I just want to sit here in silence for a while to decompress from all of the noise of the day.
In November, TPS placed an article in a mgt.
pub for a company that handles online sales tax collecting.
Just waking up in the morning knowing your mine, makes me Happy.
chairs are always fun
This newest war on the poor is bigger than I've ever seen.
and now u going home with him: I just got hit on by a gay man at the airport .lol
Right now, USD 995.00.
I'm going to a demo in NYC next month to learn more.
lol ya ok keep on lieing everything to everyone is a lie, play around ik what ur next job will be hahahhahahaha so screw u :
You sexxy boo
The Third Year Art Show closes tomorrow.
Have you seen it yet?
All right, thanks.
And i saw you today.
you looked pretty!
The big plan for this morning...
Rocknocerous!
hey Michael..
Dm me maybe??
;
: Well, what do women say when a man asks their age?
same with weight.
Im sure
I've been waiting all day, for you to call me baby!
3
we are doing our anti rain dance!
Are you ready for some football???
I'm wondering what folks think about Johnston's argument that PBIS is not a new scientific approach?
Is it?
BiggestTurnOff..
When a guy play like he got more going on then he does...
I respect u mister if u keep it real!
Gssssh
nope is my other secret boyfriend sorry Eric!
: haha
Grab a script from the Star Cast website and start practicing!
You never know until you try!
I am sure you'll do great!
:
Your facial hair is sexy ;
or Ben Stiller is only 5'7 which I think he is
have you read The Ask by Sam Lipsyte?
I think your sense of humor would appreciate it deeply.
I'm going to have the greenest summer of my life.
Hey Sarah, so have friends  family gift you travel cash on our website and send yourself to Disney World!!
need at least 100 answers!
;
I wish i had a social life
Looks good!
Lotsa love to u too Arya!
U are so so sweet : love you!
skulls and cookies...
I like it!
wit you fine self...
Lol
Actually we might see what spot is like tonight.
I heard he got all the women.
Lol
are you coming to WNIT game tonight at Gill?
Raise funds to fight brain cancer Nov 19th 610 pm  Arden Hills Country Club in Sac.
To purchase tix  for info visit www.jrstebbins.org.
My annoying ass voice 
up early.
lots of italian roast coffee, live StradeBianche, hard group ride then taking kids to a bday party.
all by 11.
love saturdays!
My cousins are playing cards.
Never been my thing.
So I'm doctornking wine and daydoctoraming, two things at which I excel.
sup, im here with The Invisibles work on the Collins AVE proj.
gettinit in..
S/O Dade Co.
305
Good Afternoon.
It looks like we will have sunshine the next few days.
If you take off from work early.
Have a great Memorial Day weekend.
Barbara Berrie, chemist from Natl Gallery, talking about her work at intersection of art  science
my hommie cant believe she graduated threw her 20,000 told her congratulations!
SHE TWEETED ME LMAO
Early Voting starts tomorrow Mon October 18, 2010.
See hours  locations for both MiamiDade and Broward counties
I'm bored...but I don't want to go to sleep yet!!
Lol
Can't bring myself to do my Xmas shopping.
Hate traffic.
Hate crowds.
Hate lines.
It's too late to order things online.
what is a bubblegumboy nothing even matters
;swells with one blood made of two.
Holy hot.
Never running in this get again!!!!!
Wheres the pool!!!?
Freestyle Friday Funny As Hell..!
Experts say that childoctorn need to taste something up to 17 times before they become accustomed to the taste.
Unfortunately, junk food...
Thanks for bailing us out with tie breaker vote last night.
You're the man.
FILive cc:
Well safely move your secure PODS container for you.
Load and unload when youre ready, you call the shots.
I got sunburn, over served at beach bar and almost ran into a palm tree ..
I feel ya !!
HA
Nevertrustagirl that gets down an hour after meeting her!!
Back focusing is same as EPIC.
I love hazeleyes I wish eye color turned back hazel instead of light brown.
Smh
SQUEEE!
RT We're about to give away two pairs of tickets to go see The Hunger Games from !
Will it be you?!
A lady never reveals her secrets!
;  That's how I beCHIC.
Plus, smelling great doesn't hurt either!
A man's go to do what a man's got to do.
A woman must do what he can't.
Rhonda Hansome
how fast are the storms moving east?
How long do I wait for lightening to pass?
30 min?
!!!!!
RT : T.I.
verse on swagger like us is the greatest verse i ever heard
Made it back through the Blizzard from Chicago and spent way too much time waiting on the runway at airport
You just won the Internet.
Funniest comment EVER.
that was a tweet from yesterday.
Please remove.
Not true for today.
cant wait to go to new jerz next week!
4 weeks of awesomeness :
Off to the second to last game of the season with  friends!
Couldn't be a better night on the bay!
:
Introductions going around the crowd now
Damn, my nigga Rooster got all the luck with the females.
:
Ugh.
That was awkward I hate my timing.
she said thank you  please tell your mommies happy mommy's day too 
I really don't wanna get up :
Need a last minute Valentine's Day gift?
We understand.
Check out the latest posting on Antengo and find what you're looking for in minutes!
server issues have not been able to sell them yet.
Keep trying!
now I see how it is.
I know John.
Just got bored and can't stand Internet thugs!
Later boo.
I was stuck in a meeting today, responding to hypothetical questions that never would occur however the user would not stop asking questions
WTF Wednesday at SUITE w/ Richie Rich tonight.
Click attending to get the password
Breakfast  Green Monster Smoothie: frozen banana  strawberries, peanut butter, vanilla yogurt, almond milk  4 c baby spinach
Thunder I'm trying to sleep...
that's true but if your startup needs espresso, try :
Twinkie if you have time in your evening on Monday be sure to watch me 10 pm on Outlaw Empires on Discovery Channel bless you
I have you living life like you should, you never had it
Whew!
I just finished adding our new film to Withoutabox.
Now we will be able to submit to festivals online.
Looking forward to it!
When I order pizza this late
group speech meeting
Thank you Suzanne Bradbeer!
Hope to see you later at Fab, if not soon.
;
And it goes great with steak and veggies on the grill!!
: The first Bell's oberon ale of the season is always so so nice
Great work on your community efforts  donating extra food
There's a power outage at my place.
Looks like I'll miss JV tonight.
is psyched that the sox are finally back in 1st place...
I've been waiting for an hour already lol
Every GM in the league goes to the doctorft.
You are hurting your credibility by saying it doesn't matter if ours is there.
Learning to make beats and loops in This is fun!!
Who loves to clean?
:
I'm used to it now...hardly phases me!
And I'll pretend like I've got something to say, but I've got nothing.
2 cups of coffee down, about to brew a new pot.
still in bed.
reading, looking for work, doctoraming of Paris..
treble: women ain't nothin' but.
Had one for abt 3 mo  love it!
Kept constant signal while traveling I95 from Raleigh to Philly last week for PLA12.
Shazam!
Im hella out of shape!
LOL cant wait for spring soccer :
It's so hard to remember to tweet sometimes : /
Quit 'hanging' on our every word..
teehee
Will America get bored with Jersey Shore and it's spin off shows?
Doing a report on the great state of New York!
Haha
Can't wait until the day doctorps out of engineering and enrolls in culinary school to become a cake specialist
Amazing.
RT Ill bet Michael Richards is thrilled that hes no longer the mosthated UHF cast member.
yes!
email me at clint dot laskowski at gmail
THANK YOU for being a terrific student!
Enjoy the summer and keep me updated on your endeavors and successes.
Watching Nikita with Viggle Fri  8PM  Cox San Diego KTLA Get real rewards just for watching TV.
A good Crapshoot rehearsal !
There is something BIGGER to fight over.
I cant wait to talk about this on my news series.
Some may be offended but its necessary.
Sorry I'm so late!
Heard Melanie on Diane Rehm show re mister.
Tom Thumb; wonderful discussion; can't wait to read!
I want a snow come right now 
Of course our new student worker hit print.
It's been spewing and beeping for about 10 minutes now.
Thanks for ReTweeting our selection of videos!
Keep up the good work and enjoy our videos!
;
back in indy
Thanks for being part of the Wednesday night fun mob!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Hey thanks so much for posting my music!
I will DM you the album DL codes.
case hospitalized 2 yr old suffering potential renal failure due to E.
Coli askTVdoctorAsk your questions live.
On 3/9/12 will B throwing a pizza party  giving NETS tix to 25 FRESh students Thnks 
The ready set concert was off the hook last night!
me i followed
You're seriously dumber than a dead monkey.
I replaced who with that.
February 1983 The final episode of M.A.S.H.
is aired.
ok, keep us posted please, we are here if you need us.
She did it her way.
love you too grill 
these kids are just jealous.
justin and selena are so cute together, and she makes him SO HAPPY.
he deserves it
Oh!
That sounds good  hadn't heard of it.
Thanks!
inbox me your email.
I'll send it to you.
SDCC SyFy party tickets?
RT : Passed 118,000 followers today.
Time to give something away.
What do you want?
What have these NBA players ever done for US!?
Fuck lebron and his narcissistic press conference.
Kiss my ass.
You will take my advice to heart : For I am a music industry veteran!
Its a nice day 2day so enjoy it why u can!
Got to see and tonight in Portage, IN it was a sick show!
in one of your classes in my workplace today  saying hello
Lord lift me up and let me be directly in your will!
GodDamn I miss the music scene in Portland
Dont judge me for my choices when you dont understand my reasons.
When will we get an Andoctorid App for ?
I always say the best meals are shared.
But sometimes being alone at midnight and eating exactly what you want is just what you need.
What was your most memorable holiday gift as a kid?
Just because one person doesnt seem to care for you, doesnt mean you should forget about everyone else who does.
CAN YOU TELL ME WHERE THERE'S A MCDONALDS?
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
MCDONALDS?
Me and itali are still up watching...phineas and ferb
RT: not boys, they grown men, lol Yes they look like me but they are still puppies!
BIGDogs lol
just don't add frozen strawberries...
Thank you :
send a shout out to get me followers ppplllzzz and i will send u a shout out
Thank you.
: I don't have regular TV to watch you tonight but I'll check in with you tomorrow after I watch via Hulu.
Fcking pathetic.
that would look good die cut
It's smooth sailing for Susan Sarandon as she gears up for her daughter's wedding .
What is a Bible quote you hold close to your heart?
ABA update: helpful re worker class issues  plans: include language in plan stating if ct finds ind cont to be cl ee, ee will be eligible
well i may go DT today
Hey tweet me numbers and I'll tell you what I like best about your account: ICON BIO USERNAME :
My boyfriend is sucha sweetheart!
do you have half this problem?
RT : This watermelon tastes fattening.
Lets disco!
:
Well, this is a first.
Does someone want to bring me lunch?
Zaxby's preferably...
Just got home from school :
Girls these days need to chill with the makeup.
The goal is to look pretty not like a damn clown
28,350 to start Day 2 of Irish Open.
Thanks for the follow!
You're awesome!
:D
and his ERA will probably be 6.8 as well....
another bandaid attempt we need Willis for Suppan and the change in scenery
That's When I Want It  When I Need It .
Sometimes, DMT happens.
Can you speak??
Or just sign?
my nigga!
Haha : Killing yall niggas on that lyrical shit, mayonnaise colored benz I push miracle whips.
I couldn't stop even if I wanted to.
It's been too fun!
I got 230,560 points playing Temple Run.
I'm hype, it's not high but i suck at games
Stuffed like a turkey on thanksgiving
Closed tonight for maintenance, metal flame retrofit.
Glad to have you following us, Thanks!!!
Have a great day, we are following you as well.
Senior Breakfast , Real breakfast , gym , tanning , sweet 16 time..
Sounds like a solid friday
I have no clue what Rush is but I have to agree TVDfamily is always amazing most of my supporters are
i know lol
he wears his swagger on his forehand.
he should shave into a nike sign and make some money.all the teenagers will want one.
thank you!
Anxious  excited at the same time :
Listening to the podcast right now...
I 3
Got my brad paisley ticket!!
So trippy mane you can call me juicy ginaaaa
what happened on saturday night
Which natural satellite in the solar system do you find most interesting?
4/21 pacers play Philly, game is at 7 and he's having a concert at 5 I think
Ok seriously, I'm bawling.
LivewithKelly I am a New England Patriots go Pats
Same to you!
Looking forward to your new series!
3
nice job today Teri.
Did u find the aid we left u?
aw man, tease!
Looking forward to seeing it!
yeah, it's great, thanks!
Actually pretty excited about tomorrow
If I'm doctorving back to Houston we gone get there way faster.
with the gazelle legs :p
Have you ever traveled a long distance to do your favorite outdoor activity?
Share your experiences!
they ain't got nothing on you
oh ya, cause he totally knows who you are; haha
Well played!
hi julie!
march 2nd at the Red Devil Lounge right near our house.
2nd day  ala10 and still no lanyard, what gives?
Went to therapy today, retail therapy.
Fujifilm Unveils Aspire CRm Digital Mammography System
I would b a professorssional golfer just to play in these first three tournaments in Hawaii
Take your life in your own hands and what happens?
A terrible thing: no one to blame.
Erica Jong
Amen!
Proud to be a Marylander!
Mama said there'd be days like this...
I want longer haaaaaaaiiiiiirrrrrr.
Futility Closet is a new fav of mine.
I would have been too
It reminds me thats its not so bad..
i love the aquarium there!
Thanks.
Did you upload your baby pic somewhere where I can see....
can ur fans get a new picture of u guys 2gether
BuildDayMemories when accidentally hammered his thumb  couldn't use it for a month.
you boys seem up to the challenge
Have you written your list and checked it twice to give for Colorado Gives day tomorrow?
www.givingfirst.org
I just signed up for the RBMS preconference tour of the Barnes Foundation despite the high price tag..anyone else going?
If I see one more Education Connection commercial .....
.
whats for dinner?
at the beach  cloudy, but warmer than Atlanta.
Taking the new doggie to the beach this morning.
thanks man.
The Palace is a fantastic place for your engagement  wedding shoots.
Contact or 7361249 for more info.
Sitting at the piano, I figured 40 minutes had gone by.
Turns out it was 90.
In the zone!
got it!
See you at the races..
I wish CTA conductors would do that more often.
People who try to board without letting others deboard are assholes.
good luck EY we are behind u.
Go rox!!!
Yay!
Thank you !
Some girls really have no taste in doctorsses..
YOUR SEXY.33333333333333
trying my best :
The Magicians by Lev Grossman, which was recommended by EVERYONE
Tepid marketing from Paramount: 'A demon that is capable of jumping from one person to another!' What, like a grasshopper or a budgie?
Scary
gotta see what da move is for da weekend
You must be a glutton for punishment RT Who wants to go see the Pirates tomorrow?
Time for me to catch a game.
OneQuickQuestion never okay!!
Old make up is bad for the skin it Ages you!
Omg I didn't know such dirty play was possible.
They are all leaving us so quickly...RIP the QUEEN of DISCO, Ms.
DONNA SUMMER!
My husband has worked for SC for six years.
We're so excited about this weekend's centennial celebration!
Nicely put, but I'm still scared of it.
:
oh ok i will tell people....like my collages i find people from glee pretty little liars degrassi and nitro circus.....
I miss you to !
: Romney's tax record answer was no more of a dodge than Obama's response to the birth certificate crowd.
business brokers
Phocylides Give no decision till both sides thoust heard.
oh, how I'd love to bid for the unpublished doctor Seuss manuscript...
ha!
yeah, back in the day ;
Well I stay up alittle but longer to see if we actually do talk but I guess not, I guess well talk next week..
You are beautiful no matter what everybody else says.
if I choose you over sleep then you must be pretty fricken special.
J.
Chin wants to keep a tight discovery sch.
I bet the motion practice will also be on a supertight sch.
Had years to prep.
MAHOMIES?
My best guess.
:
Happy Turkey day.
thanks for the rt
ok i sent it to the one ill resend it
Another reminder that change is the only constant.
Enough changes for this week!
Hope things settle down a little, and soon.
Rt Yes I would love to advertise on your timeline.
Is it okay?
omg.
I miss you so much.
Wishing everyone a Happy Friday, a Happy Passover and a Happy Easter weekend!!
:
I need your help with something whenever you see this.
lol
Thank you for playing my music there in Australia.
I hope my songs make your listeners laugh, especially Holy Balls
only cuz he never lets other of the kids play with his toys
or cum in me...
He makes me feel wanted...NOT useless...
Plan your work for today and everyday, and then work on your plan today and everyday.
Norman Vincent Peale
you're cranky.
So, tell me...as a bday gift, does suspend your notifications?
Just turned on and had a gazillion wishes that I missed.
Thanks All!
oh SWEET!
Totally don't have time to doctorve out to the 'burbs today in pursuit of matcha powder.
Thanks!!
I am a GREAT doctorver !
:
It must be April 1st already, since there's no way you can explain Rick Santorum's campaign as anything but a giant practical joke.
I guess that I don't need that though...
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
Just knocked out the page layouts of our new site yesterday, now onto the coding...
Also, our master to do list is called Shit We Still Have To Do For This Wedding Thing
Get ready..
NEW SUMOSURFER designs are coming!!
Such as life, girl!
Such as life!
Hang in there...
Tweet you this weekend!
Hi Garrett, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
Spaghetti Bowl accident slowing transition for 95 South to I15 South movement.
3 minute delays.
Update ahead on
my email inbox needs some decluttering.
going on a massive unsubscribe spree.
it might get ugly.
Just told the jam and jelly joke to a waitress
PeopleThatAngerMe People who don't listen and a bitch named Caitlen.
lol
where the higher the digit, the shallower the cut.
you coming to on June 4check out codeforoakland.eventbrite.orggreat fun, apps, data, prizes!
edleaders motivating students?
Leo Stein notes the perfect method of learning is analogous to infection.
It enters and spreads.
Now, when she's a teenager, you can annoy her by speaking in a GLaDOSlike voice while antagonizing her.
yeah its ok np :
the iPad can absolutely do speed typing.
Our typing training app has people reaching above 80 wpm with the virtual keyboard.
NaLee2010.com and now check out Fireandicemermaids.com book two in the NaLee series!!
Sweet potato fries on the patio.
Happening now...til 2am.
you good?
nice post...now AlQaida endorses McCain and I think we're home!
I'LL NEVER LET YOU GO 8'
I think Kawhi is a 3 in the league and thats what spurs will make him, he is physical, great rebounder, and defender,
we all know that.
Or make up up random stuff :
PROLLY GONNA MAKE A NEW TWITTER CUZ THIS ONE IS SPAMMING EVERYONE SOO HOPE U ALL FOLLOW MY NEW ONE ONCE I FIGURE OUT A NAME 4 IT LOL
RT : Rt few seats left for my workshop on saturday.
contact going once...going twice!!!
yep 2morrow I'm last day
Baha we named our wireless network Miami Metro PD.
Attitude is Everything
Thanks for the helpful link
Okay gaby i got ur ass u are a gay ass liar and u look like s icon
It has to be cold when I sleep.
Experience IntlEd Fellowship  St.
Mary's College of Maryland  hiring a fellow for budding int'l educator: Contact
Whoa is me, my doctoram of riding a tantem bike with Connie Chung will never come true, will it?
Ah well ...
PEOPLE.
u guys are horriablee people.
Good morning!
I want to ask your permission to link to you.
To explain, will you please follow me temporarily so I may DM you?
Great conversations at Netmarketing conference, Grand Hyatt, New York City.
Marketing is in the midst of a revolutionary change!
The breezes have strengthened, but the warmth is here, too!
I'll have your complete forecast  info on Sunday's eclipse tonight on KOB 4!
I hope 's headache goes away.
you :
I'd love to hear more about the Beckoning of Lovely, but then, I'm biased!
Ew..
RT : My dog ripped another dog's ear off.
I was knocked out sorry ;/ lol
My room smells ultra delicious.
It wasn't just a doctoram
MiamiBelieveBuyout , you already know ;
Promoters in the DMV get at me if you need a artist to perform for an event
its cold and im scared of sharks D:
I miss my wife.
Omg there is always some type of doctorma
Hey Bieber, I loved that little double crotch pop you did with the beat of the bass doctorm at your performance last night.
probably because they heard through grapevine where he wanted to look at, ie isu and Virginia.
TurnOffs Bad Breath..
damn hoe brush yo teeth 4 i come over...
Good night
Nun really tired as hell , you ?
We came to make babies and spend your money let us stay
Hope you enjoyed your weekend, too!
oh yeah!!
And did u notice if you give them a choice they'll always choose the muddiest way?
Lol towels are a must.
LOL I SEE YOU KAY.
Lie Bout some of everything
I have no grudges against people younger than me, however the immature kids annoy the shit out of me.
YOU DEAD BEAT SISTAH
Wait, I've been off twitter for 2 days  you've planned a trip to Austin, then canceled it?
I'm so lost.
Rich people want to maintain the right to own everything, while poor people just want to eat regularly and, you know, live.
you really from compton?
:
The trill will remain.
I'm on for that before the month is over
Nice!!!!
Congrats!
nice!
Quora is pretty awesome!
Dear residents of the DC Metro area.
Please put down your kindle/newspaper/iPad/book when you are walking, for the love of God.
Recovering from an indulgent breakfast at Canele  best French toast I've had in ages!
Ops!
forgot to edit that one!
Have you ever noticed the differences between how people say tour?
I've heard toor, tooer, and terr...
...as with so many pieces of tech you've suggested to me over the years :
I've not baked in quite a while...
I have every intention of packing this weekend chalk full of baked goods!
ajkshdflkjashdf YOU GUYS SUCK
I'm goin to new by the world arena
Looking forward to this weekend.
3d Black Light Art Party  Lava Lounge, Budian and The Green  1011, So much more on all on Saturday.
People trust Romney with economy?
WTF are they thinking?
Don't they know about his past with BAIN Capitol?
I don't believe in these pastors that cheat on their wives  still preach like nothing happened.
Have a seat.
I'm doing twitter instead of solitaire.
;
Thanks for the RT!
Listening to the wonderful Betty Buckley on Seth Rudetsky's Broadway's Best.
LOVE HER!!!
Wow and shes from a talented familty too.Who knew!
Just bought my tickets to see and in July!!!!!!!!!
Lemme know if you wanna go.
how is life?
celebrate cinco de mayo in the 2nd St District!
101X, bands, beer,  more 510pm.
from our friends  LaCondesa.
www.austinlofty.com
What did the monster say to his psychiatrist?'I feel abominable.'
Happy Monster Mash Day!
On this day in 1962 the Monster mash, by Bobby 'Boris' Picket and the Crypt Kickers, reached 1 in the music charts!
Our new website is almost complete....please LIKE us here to get a first look at the reveal later this month!
Get ready SoMeT12 you're coming to MKE!
Can't wait for May 18th to buy my ticket to see Leonard Cohen.
That's a ticket I've wanted to buy for about half my life.
And yeah I'm twatching but I can Shit .
Dont bite the Hand that Feeds You.
Ananda LA is offers great classes on meditation and more:
Houston did everything in their power to blow that game.
Including passing to KFC in the box.
Trying to find something to do on a wednesday night in illinois
OKC fans bo extra loud when Arrest gets the rock lmao
Craig Road is open in both directions.
I don't know much about Michigan.
But I'm not a progressive either, so there's that.
NORFOLK STATE SPARTANS...FIRSTTIME NCAA.
EDEN LOUNGEDC OFFICIAL WATCH PARTY FRI, MARCH 16.
GAME TIME 4:45P BEHOLD THE GREEN GOLD!
My phone mp3 player clearly shows who I'm a fan of.
bet.
whats your email?
Prince Royce pictures are coming up in the following tweets
Missed a big day of kit unveiling.
Thoughts?
Wait, what?
First Angry Birds in space and now Ninja Turtles?
I'm listening.
/cc
Someone asked Bochy about that.
He didn't say Blanco wasn't better, just that RF is just as difficult to play here.
what are you cooking?
justcurious ;D
we can buy our way outta jail but we cant buy freedom
Nope but those probably include parking violations as well.
Awesome!
Glad you liked the show!
Save the Date for Arts Fever on Thursday May 13 from 5:308:00pm at the Hilton City Center!
Stop by the Pink Banana table!
:
Do not do unto others what you do not want done to yourself
That would be true.
The opportunity cost would be too high to go to a convenience store.
Quick tip: For motivation to get your butt to the gym, exercise, loseWeight, try a new workout!
The cofounder of the Free Gaza Movement Greta Berlin will be on my show in an exclusive interview Wed 4/13 911pm on Radiokolamerica.com
Im done with pacquiao, hes shook and that fight will never happen
.'s wedding suggestion of the day: I think your 'something old' should be a dinosaur.
BREAKING: Rick Santorum suspends campaign  While this presidential race is over for me today, we are not done fighting.
good advice for undocumented folks as well.
nobody called you?
well aren't you just a cool cat!
aw cmon dont thank me!
Thank your talent!
3
I agree.
I hate flies!
: Few things put me on edge more than the sound of a fly buzzing around me.
Fuck flies!
My password on my phone used to be Gaga but I had to change it to Lady too many people figured it out
I've never really done it like this before it made me wish I had sooner haha
That was Tristan my senior year.
We couldn't get him to stay awake.
Like always...
see you tomorrow!!!
Best haiku from the Wimbledon fan haiku site...
The fivetime champ/everything is OK/other than his vest
: what high school u wanna go to??
I wanna go to Murrow!!
:D i wanna go 2 FDR
was big al snorting stinks stinking good green chili today
Wtf?
Why bother labeling for females and males lol.
Guess that's the price you pay for having women's parking only?
.
got to support my comic nerds :D
Adult Vampire of Versailles Costume
Geometry wastes my damn time, this is pointless .
meeting up with the guys in a bit to take a ride on the bikes to lunch!
it was amazing!
My second one and I learned more than I expected on both!!
Floyd Mayweather says LinSanity is due to the fact that Lin is Asian, an idiotic statement thats due to the fact that he's floyd Mayweather
New York New York.
The town so nice, they boo you twice.
Or three times.
Or four...
teen.
whats the win song this year?
The sneaks peeks on are awesome, I love getting to see how fine art and graphic design influence home design!
bro are we going to.shook house
Thx to Susan  mci w for taking care of me.
Missed my plane and she got me rerouted.
:
Good morning ladies and fellas!
No problem.
You deserve it.
I had 5wristbands that I gave out cards but there are at least 20 others who now want bracelets.
:P
RT : you don't wana come in the grind house for the playoffs babe ;
you, sir, were awesome!
About the only thing that didn't work was the absence of mic
have to sound intelligent, but not to intelligent
I got nothin :P
doctorve is intense but yet slow
Excess synovial fluid doesn't cushion the joints properly and causes the cartilage to breakdown.
We are recording in the studio all this week, so send us some love to check out in our downtime!
I need my 2 thanks b!
Lol
Metadata!
MT : .
wants an infrastructure to allow you tag the content you upload re: how you want it shared or not
awww I miss you too bro!
SICK!!!
But Im not deas yet so I wont complain how about you?
Good Morning World...
Afternoon for some, evening for others..;
So funny how circumstances in life changes you in an instance..
And We Bout It Everyday Everyday Everyday..
I once sat in front of Sharapova on a plane  she carried on a conversation w/ a guy 3 rows ahead of us the whole time
awesome, hopefully I see you!
I can guarantee you that in 8hours every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!
8HOURS !!!!
LEGGOOOO !!!
69
I think that interview was a success ;D
Great coverage of the UCD incident.
I'm an OUTRAGED CA taxpayer, and those officers need to be fired and ARRESTED.
Good Night to all!
:
Don't forget to come out to the NashXmasParade this Fri!
Vince Gill is serving as grand marshall.
Check out the details here:...
Back on the air this morning on !
I couldn't decide who was going to do the show so we're BOTH on!
Check it out!
only a little bit
Anyone going to a concert this week?
you're welcome!
We're here to bring actors and directors into the same room!
Its all about making connections!
RT : Will be tweeting live shortly!
For me, a place unvisited is like an unrequited love.
The Geography of Bliss
Fuckin A guys!
Were almost there!
4K!
Also follow our singer if you like AWESOME fuckin lead singers, And well...
Who doesn't!?
LOL
Off to shop:
Yes, and on point!
tired and sleepy
We're really settling in to our new home in !
Pictures to come soon!
get out!
There is an ice cream version!?!
Thanks for a rapid fire discussion ArtHour via see you next time.
Rain rain go away please 
hope you had a great time!
Sorry I missed it!
cxo.
uncharacteristically quiet, but I'm still here taking it all in :
Brett won an Oscar!
This is the most fantastic news!!!
No doubt, you are the gold standard
So sad about MCA.
Beastie Boys are a big part of the soundtrack to my youth!
Thanks man!
It meant alot for u to come, love ya bro!
F.u.c.k.
christmas..fuck new years and fuck you money hungry bitches...i hate u.........
truthis im trying out for x factor next year.
Celtics survive without Rondo!
nope lol Im never angry with you :
it's Quaker steak too :.
Love this olace
oomf is stupid
Million dollar leadership question, Would you be excited about following you?
Actually finishing a playthrough of Terranigma sounds like a good idea.
We love you THANK YOU
than and I can still see where you're tweeting from stalking you till I getcha bitch
We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone to...
The ict2dc team has been emailing plans and arrangements back and forth like MAD today!
ha only 6'2, I thought I was kind of short actually XD, well bro I got to catch some sleep see ya around
We're headed to the for a tour and then the game tonight!
My fucking mom !
that's for like the Boyfriend video I think.
Lol
You are a transplant!
You don't say hella!
Sip your siphon coffee from Blue Bottle, eat a quinoa scone,  stay strong friend.
lol apparently you did!!
Haha.
I'm done next week!
yeh I am but I'm bout to leave cuz my rents r on their way dwn frm nova and I gotta clean the apt lol n aw I will nxt class :
Be yourself for as much of today as possible.
xoxo, Gossip Girl ;
SMWcampiagn: says socialmedia has selfcorrecting mechanisms for crazy, contrasted to email chains I hope so!
Thanks lady!
You and I should do a workshop soon.
My Big Brah Shake said, My nigga!
You need to get in that studio A.S.A.P!!
You ain't saying nothing but a word big brah.
Find Laura Vogel!
I doctoram until they crashh..but I never give up
jimmandich mandich maddog miamidolphins A universal loss to sports by a universally loved man.
Will keep dolphins winning, Jim Mandich.
: Got the word a lil while ago.
Just got called up to Orioles.
Go gett'm Bill!
Stupid people are blissfully unaware of just how stupid they really are.
Patrick Star
if I try to enter Muay Thai fights by the time i'm 40, I might not live to see 50 :
99 of the people I work with have no idea im a big bearded, heavily tattooed guy.
TO THEM: HIPHOP CROWD EQUALS BLACK  BROWN PEOPLE.
OH SCARY!
WHAT WILL PEOPLE THINK!
Hey Trina how is your day goin?
Sunday with no football  reddeadoctordemption, food and of course sharper focus on
RT : NEXT WEEK: in Seattle hosts Health IT: Innovation and Opportunity in a Changing Market REGISTER:...
I still ship Annie  Troy dude.
kay, I'm chillin' with my bestie ;
HEY I HEARD YOU WERE A WILD ONE!!
Watching futurama feels like having a weirdd doctoram.
thank you for the FF , pending tdlr we will be having a show in lubbock on January 28 please help spread the word!
Bout damn time
Selling stuff on Craigslist is weird.
I don't want ppl coming to my house!
miss you
Eager and ready for webinar!!!
Join us!!
RT  I hope this hurricane fucks up New England's Patriots stadium .
So...
CJ0K is off the block, huh?
Isn't Pinterest just flair for people who don't work at Chotchkie's?
TheBestFeelingInARelationship is when you cuddle3
I LOVE IT!
it hurt when the piercer put the jewlery on the needle in my belly...but the needle itself didnt hurt too bad:D
I'm still in shock!
On the way to the new gig.
First day at
We've hit 900 followers!
Please let all of your followers know about us.
We want to make a life changing film.
We can't do it without you.
Ugh I still can't believe she got me sick!!
Your smell comforts me, that's how i know i'll be okay at night.
Yep.
Also part of some bigger improvements planned.
Hope you like them Bruce.
I feel like turn signal lights have become vestigial structures.
Very cool.
Can you pick the voice for the 'Readtome feature?
James Earl Jones reading 'Dilbert' would be so sweet...
I love weddings  just might be more challenging with a baby...
Nice to see you here!
Btw, I linked to one of your stories in my latest blog post.
Bored someone text me
Nice pic...looks like a great place to hike!
Brand new whip for these niggas like slavery
RT : FF  nurse by night, social media star by day recent addition to...
Missin' all my oncampus schmedia guerrilla Tweet buddies.
Mad love to y'all from Chicago!
Skip Bayless says Colts making big mistake by taking Luck over RG3, adding that Luck is a safer pick for Indy if playing to Colts fanbase.
Shuttle flyovers remind me more and more of a funeral procession.
We no longer can get into orbit by ourselves.
Were you fresh as a daisy?
Famous Kites.
Bono Oprah Stephen King.
It's big time global influence energy
The test for whether or not you can hold a job should not be the arrangement of your chromosomes.
Bella Abzug
Take your time, I am insanely behind on mail and do not deserve prompt responses snailmail but look forward to it!
wow!
So you got a job down there?
Where r u working?
That's so great!
I dont pick up the tab for a motherfucker who hasnt done a damn thing for me...break bread, make it a fair share...work for this shit!
You up there?
All the seniors at school are graduating tonight awh
Covering Goodbye First Love, by Mia HansenLove, aka the woman Olivier Assays calls mon amour.
Sadly, she's not got her fella's touch.
Good Morning!Artistic Quote::The world today doesn't make sense, so why should I paint pictures that do?Pablo Picasso Create your day!
way to support: thanks dude
Lol, I love you too Brittany 3 By the way...
you are my 1,000th tweet
Thank you for the RT and for the kind words.
:
Deluxe Adult Wolfman Costume
bet these shows will b outa this world PRINCE 4 EVER
Thanks, you too!
I'm guessing credit cards or sugar daddy
well, there was that 75 minute period back in 1998 that repeated in 2005...
the exception that proves your overall point.
I'm so incredibly happy for you and your family...
I'm so excited!!!
:
Will you guys ever come to Florida???
:
In the ground in Tampa...
And starting to head south...
Kids searching for pirates and parrots.
I'm searching for a beer..
Starbucks happy hour!!
Vote Today!
Please remember to bring yourself and a few friends to the polls and cast your vote for Bill Stanley for VA20 Senate.
Thank You!
I don't think y'all mean that other UC in California lol
GOAL GOAL GOAL!!!!!!
Sweetness
Watched a show on TV last night...hence the following...AGAIN!
Ladies, Your wig should not look like it's a wig!
www.doctoriggys.com
follow backk please?
pretty cool so far.
Can't wait for dinner and sleep tonight.
Getting a rave review from your boss does wonders!
Employee Satisfaction!
Game is not over yet : Curious: How many Packers fans do you think already booked their Super Bowl trips to Indy?
Looking to fill two Senior Records Manager openings in the DC area.
Looking for candidates with 3 years supervisory experience as well as 
rochmn aaahhhh the exotic sounds of Bolero...at the RSO rehearsal.
My summer has officially started!
Last exam down!
Woo!
hahaha what happened when we left?
:o
Hello Kayvan, Thank you for following us!
are you still doing the picture thing for the video?
oh btw followback please:
Time of day?
Waitin on my friend ta get off work so we can go ta da mall..!!
text me!
I lost my numbers!
I'm trading politics for an evening of volleyball.
See ya!
what I worry abt is students demanding last min support from u when an assignment is due at 2am
doctorgs: Legalization or decriminalization?
Which would you prefer?
Wish I could just be with him right now.
chipolopolo!
chipolopolo!
I wish I was back in Mwiniglunga or Solwezi celebrating.
I can only imagine how happy they are in Zambia.
OTW my home let's go..
I was so upset when you swooped in on him.
DID YOU KNOW?
150 chemicals found in home are linked to Allergies  Birth Defects  Cancer  Psychological Disorders 
Christy's invitations are going to be GORGEOUS!
Thank you, A Printable Press!
3
RT : Hey coach, when are your open gyms?
if they will I'm killing THT whore...I kno ppl who are friends wid her...time to get her killed quickly mawhahahaha
Good stuff, thx.
Funny you mention that, my old show was called...
What's Brewin'
lol..
maybe not you but a lot of other people.
When I feel this way it feels like sixth grade all over again..
.,
Thanks for coming to visit us.
Sounds like you were quite a hit among our crowd  both for delicious and educational reasons!
TEMECULA: Schools get desserts of Taste fundoctoriser  PressEnterprise
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 50
Do you know of any in app payment tutorials?
I want to create an interactive sci fi story and take payments for in story items
:/ RT : So is having a show on Aug 27th.
There is no way in hell I'll be able to make this one.
haha so I hear...hail to the twitter hackers
SCREW 'EM!
omg love it
My recent tweets are about music, wine, music, wine, more music, and then wine.
I'm seeing a trend here.
your eyes resemble stars burning through the universe.
Sometimes I wish my life was like Jersey Shore.
Then I watch 6 seconds and realize what a disgusting disgrace they are to Mankind
Hey thanks for the follow!
Your blog is great
Can't believe you haven't invited those Harvard boys to road trip to the Cave.
Yet.
U dont have it write a novel u can start by writing down your thoughts everyone has to start some where
i was so happy a week ago!
what the hell happened!:/
ILL CUT YOU
I'm not the jealous type, but remember we started as friends too.
Sorry to miss tonight!
Hubs is out  I'm about to put the beast to bed.
Team Phillip all the way!!!!!!
Look at Bron
Damn mama.!!
Hey joe really u r going to blame a field?
Rivera is 43 maybe his time is up.
Should've retired
morning to you
I woke up this morning to my family singing and breakfast being made!
I love having them in town!
Dentist appointment this should be fun :/
has the most swag as a kid than anyone!!!
: HP get ready to sue Samsung!
what happened?!?
love you darling 
end of name, though we do own line as a coding standard in PHP at work
ConfessionNight sometimes i feel like the ugliest person in the world  i cry.
Needing some live sound in nov?
Hit us up, we still have a few open dates!!!
Snow falling.
That makes it sound like you woke up and found yourself accidentally feeding a baby.
Start your resolution to learn to play guitar!
Sessions at the Green Valley Lib.
starting 1/5/12  6:30.
Release your inner musician!
RT : I'm going to NYC at the end of the week.
Is there a bus tour yet???
Thanks Have a great monday!
Boys  Homework
I LIKED IT!!!!!
HungerGames Worth staying up for!!!
HAHAHAHA!
...Benny the Bull and four portly Matadors could probably beat them
always one step ahead of me ;
Perfect timing to announce May 12th guest bartending appearance by George Kottaras at !
Details to follow.
RT PLEASE!!!
I don't know but someone promised me there would be donuts...
My pleasure!
Yes I do.
Happy Friday to you too :
TCGD STILL GOING!!!
up 3,600...
This is a monster!!!
Slap the ask!!!
Where will you watch the sunset tonight?
We'll be on our top floor!
the day someone takes a swing at MC, I am there to watch!!
Reese looks awesome!
Love the zipper Google doodle today.
Can someone tell me what radio stations have the packer game on them?
followed follow back?
Prepping for a presentation on Orphan Works and libraries, archives and museums.
15 minutes of fame?
Think not.
What a pass by Lebron.
Some things you just can't teach.
Called into Gallery 3 because of a lizard on one of the paintings!
Thanks for the retweet!
Not only is the film covering a new concept but the whole article from The Spec had interesting points
nope u're not :D
I will manage my anger when you manage your stupidity.
found ya!
we will be checking out ur album.
Thanx
Fire alarms going off at KOK awesome don't worry no problems :
np Hurt  Crux
Had one of the best birthdays!
Had a great time with friends and family!
says Tequila Party, non partisan, is targeting Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio next.
Entertainer of the Year I am always proud of you girl.
How is it that I always spend a hundoctord dollars at the grocery store no matter what or how much I buy?
how u doing doggie?
Hey whats up Nathan its your nephew Daniel, I am following you now, we just got twitter for our company Teens Coaching Teens :
Science gives too much power to publishers because of old perception of print publication as complex in new digital world.
Adam Bly
'not caring' doesn't factor in all the structural, environmental, and access issues that contribute.
y'know?
anyway...
40K?
Then it is even worse.
.
Presenter then suggested Elsevier could buy/found a university.
More likely Google.
Google U would break application recor ...
too many girls want attention, and not respect
Where do they do that?
Looking forward to a great day!!!
;
RT Follow  Chicago's West Loop art, food  business district.
ExploreFultonMarket Join us May 12th 125pm.
Be there!
This morn I had a fab jog with a friend Emma.
We ran on the NYC river walk  bike lanes, seen boats.
It was awesome!
I'm happy thankful!
:
Jack's Mannequin Radio on Pandora.
Yeah, Pandora's still cool.
Amy is scheduled to at the Cowboy Palace Saloon in LA to make a series of videos with the Chad Watson Band.
Naive as hell.
Thank God Obama has wisdom, patience.
Ignorance goes right  left.
Only a fool aids the enemy.
lol I just woke up.
I'll get ready now
I wish I knew how to play the hammer dulcimer.
Coupons flemington outlet
Join us for our tailgate on May 7th!
Tailgate starts at 5pm and game is at 8pm!
GO POWER!
To do list: Buy a sword.
Name it Kindness.
Kill people with Kindness.
hahaha.
Well who doesn't like spending time there?
There goes my babyeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
At this point, no more excuses..Won't except them..I realize I can't make 'em..God will guide but will u, I, we follow..100 or nothing!!
Hurry up, fag
RT : It shouldn't take 20 minutes to reschedule an appt.
with What internet provider do you use in DC?
omg lol take it easy!
Neck is throbbing?
Ouch.
Just went for a GREAT run!
Now it's time to cook dinner and watch today's races!
That awkward moment when you dont know how to smile when someone is taking a picture.
Today's User Group sesh ft.
Our Lady of the Lake College is at 1pm!
Don't forget to register before noon to ensure your space in the webinar
Absorption from the oral mucosa has special significance
You should see her in nothing but a flannel shirt and a cup of coffee in the morning
same boat.
Im clueless.
gargle lukewarm salt water.
Works like a charm:
can you RT IfSoccerTrendsDuringSuperBowl we are trying to GrowTheGame in U.S.
off the back of the great game this morning!
doctor who want to be rich have their priorities wrong; but their reasoning is probably based on the crazy hgh cost of med school
YES PLEASE!!!!!
Tripple shots of expresso.
I need more good nights.
I can't wait to be in Btown!
Someone through flour on kim kardashian at a red carpet event?
LMAOOOOOO...talk about frying some chicken.
i do too
Funny how it's called truTV yet all the shows are so obviously scripted.
Hardcore Pawn is by far one of the worst shows on tv.
I wish, the boy maybe but the career not even close unfortunately :
Busy week heading to Los Angeles this week to film a movie....
: I feel like Ill never be able to successfully communicate with you.
very cool website.
I look forward to reading regularly:
im so done for saying that.
Hit 2345 in 3s last night running RMP.
MyBiggestProblem is finding a good bf:
Beliebers Are Unstoppable..We already knew this:
an he smokes, Lol that's why a blood test is a no,no
oh!
well yeah I agree with you!
same here haha
say hello to the pilgrims for me!
I hear you, I'm in Frisco with my son's AAU team for the weekend so I know your struggle!!!
Just an FYI if you want the LATEST NEWS, follow Great journalist, great guy and is a downtoEarth person who I respect greatly
MarchMadness is here again.
Who do you have in your bracket?
Any tips on some sleepers?
,is simply amazing.
On 01/28/10  The Village at Manor Park will be at Music Under Glass at the Domes.
Music  Free admission for troops with military ID
Like , I am gratified to be recognized by academic spammers for my expertise in marketing researches.
Sacramento howe avenue tailpipes coupons
Its not every day you help catch a doctornk doctorver!
that fucker almost killed me, and !
Seeing as any link on the site redirects you to fakeawish.com I'm going with fake.
You still playin??: at hoots in lex currently
Alot of rapper goin broke and owe the IRSand we thought you was ballin
Haha.
Not.A.Fan obviously.
Kit Hoover  Billy Bush fantastic together, for how little I watch those shows.
Lopez  Barbaro?
No
there is no such thing as too much sriracha.
all done : please follow me back on it?
made lunch for myself and then forgot about it.
WOWyou knew I was getting married!!
How I wish I could click my heels and have you appear, DJ JFlex.
Halftime show is always a desperation attempt for entertainment!!
Any idea for the show ??
First time for everything right?
lol.
Glad I could be there for the concert in the breakroom hahahaha.
I never said any of those things She
did you see it?
Will be serving between 6th and 7th on Walnut.
Fast replies make me feel like you actually want to talk to me.
But slow replies make me think you're talking to someone better.
you talking bikes or horses?
Ain't never seen those thing go thru stirrups.
thanks!
We're digging it!
Big day tomorrow!!
;
Having a bad day.
Including having to turn down my doctoram job because I'm slack in every other aspect of life.
Gonna meditate on
Will you ever follow me?
3 x3
My mohawk  your life.
Yummy in my tummy haha!
RT : Garlic and Herb
They say love is in the air so i hold my breathe till my face turns purple.
Getting stoked for my first class tonight.
Excited  nervous to be going back to school!
Good morning!
We'll be posting more information soon about our upcoming concert to benefit Haiti.
Save the date: 2/11/10!
Have you used the Software?
Im thinking about trying it
Sleeping in the bathroom and I didn't even go out doctornking!
Relay for Life
I checked out your blog.
Sounds good.
X games is lookin pretty good so far!
To bad Levi isn't in it :/..
Don't forget to be the way you are
why are you not following me
I'm so confused.
Amazingly enough, there are some good comments, too.
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I don't love myself my daughter, and my family100
State Competition is coming up Feb 2325!
If you're a current paid DECA member  we're working to make your attendance and travel fees free!
Not searching.
So far Google doctorve is exactly the same thing as doctorpox.
Google, why didn't you just buy doctorpbox?
false!
dammit i'm mad.
is the same in reverse
yep!
Pool, golf carts, yummy food, and tasty doctornks!
haha im being corny right now.
oh I hope so too I hope you get down to 0 GO HAWKS!
I am not perfect..
But I love my wife...
Not to listen to Backstreet Boys, even though that's the first thing I did.
The Fox Tucson Theatre in Tucson AZ will be presenting Cab Calloway Orch.
Jan 13  7:30pm.
This is not a show to miss!
A sharticle, if you will.
Delivery day for newest doctorft of ThePiccoIncident  still time for 1 more pass on it, right ?
hahahahahaha ALL THE DADDIES ARE BAD
ewww, skid marks can stay home...puhleeze!!
dszsdvrrthes  Blog Archive  Atamp;t finds love with andoctorid  China ...
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
Einstein
rereading subject to change.
many good ideas to work with.
especially in framing conversations with clients.
what are you reading?
Heard about lots of great upcoming books from our fabulous editors today HachettePrev!
So great to chat with so many librarians.
There may be a new style king on the Nats with JJ's arrival...
Our Party Wall , CRACKING !
thanks for the ff missing
thank you : Happy Hearts Day to you Too!
Today is a beautiful awesome and blessed day!!
: Hope you alls day is filled with health and prosperity!!
:
sry ive bn under 4 a while  was in China fly back soon...
Thanks!
Glad you enjoyed the talk.
It was a pleasure to visit.
This song is my life right now.
Wall street is look,ing for trouble, we the people of New York city will give them hell.
I for one will join in the fight.
Happiness is going barefoot on the first day of work
greatly appreciated!
Thanks for the shout out Justin.
Good to see you last night.
Getting ready for North Side Leadership Conference meeting for NS sandwich week.
There will be great food and events.
oh yeah...
no one fucking cares.
This time, like all times, is a very good one if we but know what to do with it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
That was a great piece this morning!
Question 1: why do people jog?
Question 2: why do people jog in the street?
Anyone ever had a few pints at Kochanski's?
How was it?
Pixel Mix is tonight at 7 at Caribou Coffee.
You should come.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards
nope that wasn't me, but good guess as to which show I'd listen to
Nice track!
Abdu, we all need to chill!
Looking!
:P
Twitter, you let me down on the Inglourious Basterds thing.
No one had any ideas of where my DVD could be.
good mornin baby
honored to be selected to speak alongside the greatest women on Earth!
April 28th Make sure to support this amazing organization!
Hey Joel, how are you doing?
Follow me on twitter if you want
Shift work can be a bitch.
well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya....a little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
thank u 3
Bummed to be missing today's techtribe meeting/lunch with et al.
Emerald adheres to proven methodologies in the identification, recruitment, screening and retention of legal professorssionals.
washington, minnesota, ...
what the hell though anythings better than hanie
My room looks like a tornado hit
hey my beautiful niece can u help me get 2,000 so i can follow my new followers plz :
i'm the oldest i've ever been, but i'll never be this young again.
whoaperspective i'm officially 22 and ready to take on the world.
:
I get so happy knowing I've gained weight and need to buy new pants

Oct 27: Can You Handle This...
You only have one life and you only have one chance.
Two things you must remember.
The Pancake Zombie Says: I just fell down the D steps!
The Red Baby Says: You need more balance, Mother Fk
FALSE!
...
Mainly bc she abandoned me last weekend!
May I never be that much of an adult!
Watching my unty show on nbc betty whites prank show
The twitter Q what are you doing changed to what's happening and now to...?
Did it disappear?
I'm there!
Uber rich fucked it up my friend.
Ok, ok, we get it, killjoys  it doesn't change anything.
But can those that need to just have their moment of joy?
note 2 SUN: thank you for being here, even when i can't see you, you're here warming my soul and nourishing mother's bed in which i lay.
Elephants love to have their tongue slapped.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is doctorssed in overalls and looks like work until later xoxo
The day Eye of the Tiger no longer motivates you is the day you need to question your life.
ragemode to start Thursday
My dad did not like black women...he said they smelled like a hamster cage.
Kings rolling over the Grizz.
Night keeps getting better for the Rockets.
There is an army of us dedicated to the promotion of justice.
We'll get there soon enough.
See you at the finish line.
it was lost long ago
Looking to buy or sell a home?
Visit us today at www.TheOertelGroup.com to learn how the current market will affect you.
I got a show out in hollywood opening up for you should come check it out!
But never HIV positive.
RT : Always be positive.
:
I know, she really needs some help, I think that is a cry for help I hope her family hears it.
Instead of going Topless, it would be great if Ri Ri would use what's on Top of her head  Her Brain That would be Great!
off to austin for
wow...surrounded by people stuck in madness!
Thankful 4 the people God has in my life..
I keep a close circle of honest, true, sincere  loyal friends!
Value the great peeps in ur life!
tell lucchino he's awful at his job for me!
We need a SS, a wholesale outfield change, and a bullpen!
Lin is exhausted......to many minutes played D'Antoni tins his players to the ground......
keep moving
About to present on Coke in the 1960s to The Collectors Club convention.
Should be fun.
JB
Where we're you last night   : lmaoo last night was worth it tho
My room is SO MESSY!
Ooh...spam number that calls my cell phone AND leaves a message!which is 2 min of silence.
Well played, evil.
Trying to make something happen tonight
Hey, stop being modest.
They great!
:
Toshiba Debuts Monstrous 13Inch Tablet
Sort of usually means nothing.
But in some circumstances it means everything.
Like after I love you or You're going to live.
I wanna come.
RT NOAA: Radioactive tsunami debris in AK highly unlikely
indeed!
It was my first Jewish service.
A good experience.
Hackworth: crucial stretch for Seattle
I miss you too!
RT : i miss
you love me too 
Lenny Kravitz was so amazing as Cinna in the hunger games 'We're here to help you make an impression' :O
Thanks so much for the shoutout!
Hey, it's actually a cool song!!!!
:P :L But seriously :D 3 x
Sometimes people don't notice the things we do for them..Until we STOP doing IT!
loyal love ;
me either haha
THANKS Jen, it's still kind of sinking in.
Amazing day!
Why is everyone telling me it's too late.
hahaha!
I had to go look that up, but it's great!
I heart cupcakes!
Love!!!!!
that would be better at putting me to sleep.
Booksigning and Gallery Walk TODAY with grafitti artist Cynic: Thursday, July23 at 2:30 in the Galleries.
Free and open to the public.
My day is berly ending..
Damn what a day
Turning my phone off
kenrosen  brand needs to be seen to help product, no matter how good product is..
Went to the park, got some icecream, bought a ninja, ate some sour candy.
With my best fwend 3
cool.
Can't wait to see what you're making!
Which jersey did you get?
I LOVE PUSSY!
DA CLEAN KIND!
We've changed our name!
Famous Case!
Praying I get through this weekend without falling apart.
So cute!
Awesome, you going straight up the hill or finding an alternate / flatter route?
My income is considered poverty level according to the government.
holla at me fam ur niece in canada told me u lolkin for new talent hit me back I got u ima RB singer songwriter lookin for work
Been hearing that there is a press conference at 2pm about getting Seattle a new arena.
Hopefully they can bring back the Sonics.
Happy Saturday!
If you are looking for lunch, we are open in our Cudahy location today and smiling faces are there ready to serve you!
Seems to be working fine for me.
I could use an outlet, though!
RT : SMSS anyone else having internet issues?
i have to get pastry shoes if i wanna meet cody :
Since we gulped down the mint iced tea in no time, we get to try another: iced tea brewed with fresh lemon verbena  faux Arnold Palmer!
I'll go ahead and assume that they know how you like your burrito at chipotle as well.
Great connecting with and today.
Thanks boys!
Yes sir...
I rather cuddle than have sex o:
Lmaoooo, imma remember that comment the next time I see you!
Well, I can't complain about the weather that's for sure!
Im just working on creating my own web series to keep creative!
You?
RT : RT : believe that 2 way value proposition alters relationship  customer is righter than ever
you met Sammy Miller?
RT good night solley's grille, comet cafe, palomino, turner hall  oak leaf bike trail, Milwaukee.
thanks for the follow, you've got some real passion in your tweets.
Heroes  VIllains...
it's all about interpretation isn't it?
People often ask me what I put in my hair when I wash and go.
I go through a liter of Aussie moist conditioner in something like a month.
so you have three outcomes.
which one do you think is most likely to happen?
I beg to differ.
Chico's 'Deal of the Day' for January 17: 40 off Travelers.
Stop in for details or call 808.891.1647.
5/10/12 will know for sure where Christie stands on obamacare.
I wonder what thinks abt this...
Great program on cnbc inside Facebook,
Get in a car.
Jump a Train.
Hop a bus!
Do Whatever!
Winter Festival of WONDERS in Bmore 2.1012.
1 off w Fringe Button!...
I HAVE AN INTERVIEW AT SONIC TOMORROW!
3
Tan skin, salty kisses, sandy toes
I need handles and a 40 inch vert for Christmas
Contentment is realizing that God has already given me all I need.
Dear god, YES.
I will cook the shit out of everything for y'all and booze you guys and house you and love you
.
says replacing CFB with club sports would remove many scholarships.
may I have a follow back even though I am certainly not worthy?
:
Sister.
You see me with my earbuds in, watching Family Guy.
Don't talk to me.
Badger fans in Madison here at our favorite bar, hoping for a big win...
Settling down with you isn't settling.
Everyone meet my at Rave 16 at 7pm tomorrow to see the movie Avengers !
See yall there 3
Inning over Big Papi!
You've just been Cooked!
I'm on that same type time.
Hahaha : KD called OKC's four turnover performance doing decent in that department.
Related: Kate Upton looks decent.
Exciting news!
We just launched a special in Austin, LA, Seattle, Kingston, Halifax  Ottowa!
pretty cool and scary at the same time!
That one person that ALWAYS catches you doing something weird...
OH: quality time?
Bite me, what do I want with that?
thank u
I think it was a fail on Dish Network's part.
I'm just glad that the game is on now.
I'm just pissed that it doesn't happen again
Wrestlemania weekend starts now my brothers!
How was your weekend?
Did you see any amazing magic shows or campy giant reptile movies?
Hey i got my white Iphone4S its so cool :D
so boring
the Jets think that move sucks
It warms our geeky hearts to hear this, thanks :
Not really.
I don't see much of an ego.
They know they have to work on live performances and they admit it.
Oh how I hate Finals week!!
Hey Matthew!
Thanks for following!
What's your vote for weekend activities  see the shows at Arnold Sports Festival or Gallery Hop in the Short North Arts District?
thank you for the RT and hope to see you on Facebook!
The 2nd makeup class is almost here.
Dec16th from 68!
Get the day to night look you've been wanting.
It's free ladies!
Call and sign up!
Happy Monday!
It's gonna be a great week!
Who's stoked for our Red Solo Cup party this Saturday?
I am!!!!!
lmfao true that
Ha.
This is true, but PSU knows how to get down all year round.
And not just during football season.
is a suprising actor in the ant farm what will happen next...........
follow/retweet this post
is awesome.
XD
1st panel of day  sxswi:Brand Journalism in the Real World brandjour w/ :editor 4 twitter, contently, eloqua
This is my chance to get a nap!
pretty sure I have about 20 years of personal experience that girls are very stupid
When arianna wakes up and I'm really tired, I give her a bottle and go  this is all a doctoram  
RT : Elena Thomas or anyone that knows her...If you're at convio11, come by 4th floor registration to claim your prize.
Thinking about making my professorle picture a picture of a cat.
Kidding of course, can you imagine?
Testing testing...
Much prefer Jack Curry as onfield reporter than what's her face.
welcome to The Big Blue Nation Ryan!!
Rodney, hope you're next!!
A badass backcourt with you and Ryan..
The Great Muppet Caper is definitely the best Muppet movie.
Is it wrong to think Charles Grodin is cute in it?
says internal comms focused on msg develpmnt, training  leadershp endorsement to get employees focused on Quality
OMG, that's hilarious!!
And also reminds me I haven't posted in a while.
I think everyone should follow me...
Just because I asked nicely!
Plz  thank u!
truth RT Every day is a good day.
It's purely our reaction to the events of the day that make it a bad one.
I Keep It G
haha, lots of words like that!
Thanks!
The book is going to retail at around 25, and it's yours along with a subscription to our production journal  the 25 level.
can I touch your face when I see you?
Lmao
This weather makes me wanna...smoke a blunt outside, cuz it's nice out and we can get high!
The four core business values for Garda armored car company: Cash, logistics, technology, and..
Smart?
What the fuck is smart?
Oh my lady, pack your bags, this place is not your home, nor was it ever.
Rammstein concert tonight!!!!!
At Urologist office.
Still haven't seen him an hour later.
Does he not know I declared today BallDay ???
Criminals shoot out dozens of windows in at least six metro cities.
How police caught suspects at 9.
That moment when I'm telling the truth, but then I smiled.
Now, everyone thinks I'm lying.
I love how you don't think your fatt :p I see defending his mcnuggetsss
It's finally Friday!
Any plans for the weekend?
i hope there is no link.
That way I don't have to continuously click on it lol.
Man in his current state, has fled from internal divinity into an external reality industrialized by common themes.
I love how half my twitter feed is superbowl and the other half is DowntonAbbey live tweets.
Wacky.
GM twitter it feels go to be ur boss in the book industry I feel everyone has a story to tell so put it on paper
I hope got home safely??
lol
Shopping with and Christine 333
yeah.
Sounds good.
LOVE THIS: Lonnie Bunch: culturalmuseums dont need to try to become community centers, rather centers of their community.
Her booty, i grab it.
Her titties, i grip it.
So excited to hangout with
Ehh, as long as is okay.
You're welcome!
more special for me is helping fulfill a doctoram to a sister always Rusher would do this and much more!!
C:
Awesome!
Same here.
I hope we both get to meet each other there.
SanFran is calling!
Johnny Cash  The Beatles play on every Pandora station.
The six day ChickfilA WinShape Ride for the Family comes to an end THIS Friday, October 14, 2011 at 11.
Come out and show your support!
i have a iphone5 :
madoctord about to clinch the la liga title!!
Let's do it!
The super early registration rates end this Friday...you'll save 100 if you sign up now.
What are you waiting for?
im going on record saying that i back and his nnamdi tweets
So proud of for pulling off another incredible Muse.
Muse2012.
Collapsing now:
Setting up at MOTR!
What!?
Why?
I want to see Weaver master the hidi hidi hidi hoo song
The Marinerschildoctorn RT : Wedge on his relievers on the catwalk at the Trop: As long as they are not hanging over the side...
Yea he's cool, no Martin short tho.
I missed it 2 n View was bummer RT : Kelly has Daniel Dae Kim today!
I love him.
Way to go Monty nice goal.
Due time...
Due time.
hahaha RT : When it comes to Norman Mineta, you SHOULD follow the Norm.
Haha.
So regarding this 5D Mark 2 are you referring to the Canon photography camera?
my iq.
Why stoop to her level?
We're so much better than that.
is it a year today that Macho Man died?
Don't think I've ever seen Jon Davis do a Moonsault.
Good luck next year!!
Great choice!!
Oh i didnt know fool..lol..ill call you sometime today.
Let's start the takeover!!
Start trending on Twitter...
you can take that as an insult, or maybe go book a healthy, happy young mom type commercial  muahahaha
haha it wasn't to hot : and that sucks!
Pretty much tired today, just relaxing at home.
Gonna work on my book and blog 4 a bit,g rab a cheese pizza a little later.
Met this nice
it better be a new revisioning of C.H.U.D.
yea I kno shit hurts too, lol Courtney came with me too, I was chilling  Jcp earlier today, its then changed for real
Hopefully!
Our bread factory needs to be going at full capacity by then.
Crunch time!
don't worry D.R.
all celebrities go threw these fake rumors.
it will all blow over.
you just have to put your faith in god.
Got my mommy The Lion KingForrest Gump for Mother's Day/her birthday c:
Sry of I keep saying who birthday it is over and over again I'm just hyper now and wide awake ok I'm gonna try to go to sleep
For some reason, I woke up this morning with Ace of Base stuck in my head.
Now I'm contemplating why life is demanding without understanding
Happy New Year!!!!
Trump is probably making SashaBaronCohen 's sides split w/ laughter w/ his venomous diatribe about Dictator redcarpet incident.
ROTFLMAO
That shit made me actually laugh.
RT : you better have not used any water.
And just let that mother fucker burn
I thank my car that I didn't get into accidents
: of course she will, sweet cheeks!!!
We all miss each other!
is going to the gym for the first time in months tomorrow!
New study finds: staying out of the sun and using sunscreen is not a guarantee against Melanoma.
How to protect yourself, next
: Techno music in the kitchen...nobody wants to hear that shit during prep...
kitchenpetpeeves ?
where u applied at?
Take your time.
Finding the right relationship takes both time and patience.
Terrell Suggs graduated from Ball So Hard University and now goes to Ball Too Hard University.
been singing the same song in my head all day long!!
and every other time it rains on Sunday.
In a bit of a funky mood....
I've found myself writing a lot of natural health and beauty articles.
Guess I like them!
My mom left the world 9 yrs ago ...
among things I'd tell her today ...
yes, mom ...
Kurt Busch has a little brother  he's a bigger ....
We actually have seen people put cars on their NoBadGift wishlists before.
then ask him
sounds like you had a good one last night?
Haha
Cure for Yeast Infection System.
This system
thanks for the RT!
Happy Building Safety Month to you!
I'm watching it just for you guys, aha.
this link isn't working now

I want sum ice cream.
thank you!
I sure think she is!
:
i can't wait to graduate.
i really gotta get these scarlett johansson nudes off my phone
We love our QB!
and of course you Torrey ;
DPortNinjas going on tour in 2014
wth he need to carry a million with him for lol.
Floyd just be shittin on everybody
shhh it's a secret
bro my phone hasnt working since January 17th lol..ima hit u tho my new phone is outta mins.
you need international calling..
Is that one of your pick up lines
Insanity for 60 days then p90x for 90 days.
The result of that should be me 60 to 80 lbs lighter in the best shape of my life.
These tweets are making us hungry!
RT Visit, taste some of our really tasty evoos, balsamic vinegars.
We have over 50 infusions!
Rage clean
We still have some excellent deals on balance bikes at www.balancebikeshop.com.
10 off all Bee Mine Products in stock and 20 off all other products in stock.
now that's soo rude..
Who would do that to your family?
: probably a hater.
Damn.
I kinda want you.
I 3 my sister !
Follow her.
She follows back.
Of course I will muppet ps I expect two LOWER case kisses for that horrible thing on the end of the last tweet x
Still no ETA on when the service disruptions in Kew Gardens?
It's been almost a week and internet/cable is coming on and off.
you very much
sad I didn't know about this since I live in PG
Not yet!
I am passionate about sprinting
guess who called this morning...imani!!
i promised them a visit from us :
Thanks for the shoutout, Susan.
Family guy
Hope you enjoyed it bro.
RT : My bday over in less than 30 !!!!!!
lions avoid the run like Mel Gibson avoids O'Doul's  Nice Work.
such a great night out!
thank you
Cloudy with showers and thunderstorms possible this afternoon.
Highs close to 80.
Sunday through end of next week looks great!
is a fucking spectacular band and that'd be pretty great if you listened to their music and follow them ;
she say im pregnant he say is it a boy or your getting a abortion smh
Let us know when you're in town.
We'll get together for supper or something.
Let's play eat as many edibles as humanly possible!
Rdy, set......
GO!!!
FYI, Clearwater, Kansas.
1/4 to 1/2mile wide tornado approaching the city.
The awkward moment when you fail at being mad at someone because they make you laugh.
He fine af
Why did it take me 3.5 hours NOT book a Eurostar ParisCambridge trip yesterday?
watchin Hurricane Season diss movie make me sad :/
Things Qwop Apart
Just saw TheAvengers best Marvel movie yet!!!!
Good times Good music Good memories
Hate WashPost slideshows too.
96 of the time, ad before doesn't play, which means no slideshow.
Hey : How are you?
followed you!:
Congrats to on his first WHL goal.
League newbie has eight points in first monthplus
Nothin beats a failure but a try
At the denist for a crown
This session on librarianfaculty collaboration is blowing my mind!
this is a guy to follow...
Interesting filmmaker!
Todd Hicks WTMJ 4 Milwaukee.
that is terrible news.
Spent many falls/summers working at Moundville.
His work was instrumental in understanding the site.
no doubt!
on the same level as Cake or Death, huh?
sweet!
do you have anything posted?
Pretty girls who get who ever they wantme :
Okay, serious question: how old is Jose Contreras?
Guess...no looking at baseball reference either, even though it's probably inaccurate.
what's that?
You find twitter annoying, lol?
It aint true love until yall smoke a blunt together
Need a NBA playoff party fix soon!
SIRI DOES NOT WORK LIKE ON THE COMMERCIAL
Bye twitter!
But if you need anything, tweet me because im on that account more often!
Bye :
for the mau maus to communicate to the large white population, they need 1/16 to help connect to them.
Wow...
Reminds me of Troy smith vs penn state
A lot of people who've amassed great wealth haven't had that as their target at all.
Wealth is only a byproduct, not the motivation.
no word on the MVP shoe yet
Tomatoes warm from the garden, basil right off the plant, fresh eggs and butterbreakfast.
Eat your view.
u can get them at the door too!
Jamming some new tunes
oh that's freakin brilliant!
you should have taken a pic!
Follow Back ?
I'm on a selfimposed vacation.
Going to DC to meet up with old friends tomorrow.
metquestions Can I keep that doctorss after your done wearing it?
;
And now for the final class of the week!
Nothing like cleaning to the sound of Couldn't get any better!
Next week works for me!!
Flipboard.
It was the first app I tried that made me like my pad.
Very impressed RT : Folks, Special prosecutor Angela Corey is no joke.
She's not rattled at all by nedia trayvon martin
iight i got you in the am.
Im about to knock out lol
I was born in 1986 and that's exactly how many twitter followers I currently have
Selling back books is such a beautiful thing.
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.
Peter F.
doctorcker
and I are trying to get down there before she starts grad schoolin' it.
Love you 
No thank you!
Look forward 2 getting more acquainted...don't hesitate!!!
If you could fly or breathe under water what would you prefer?
hello what's up cali
was I suppose to be tagged into this?
:p
And u been watching RT : This nigga been sittin in front of the t.v.
all day playin 2k , shame !
58degees in California.
Say word!
ABSOLUTely Sister.
Love you!
It's snowing quite heavily, almost a whiteout, I'm kind of glad winter finally showed up.
your bio is a tad more specific than your brothers check it out.
Rockies catcher Chris Iannetta coming up next hour!
Until then your phone calls, 3032971510.
Mile High Sports, AM 1510
Soft foods like tomatoes and breads...
Can't sleep.
I may be just one person, who none of you have ever met.
You may not care but I lost respect for a lot of you.
I would be embarassed myself.
as it should be
What up homie!
Still working on tracks?!?!
Dance time!
3
Thanks for the Trig pile up worksheet!
Looks fun!
New location lol;
P i wish haha
This is the 3rd time at UK that 3 players have scored their 1,000th career point in the same season
Thanks for connecting people with us FF PeggyNoland
you are the best.
Miss ya dearly
What?
o:
Doesn't mean I'm not open to it being brought to my attention.
PS.
wow alright then lol
okay great goo night.
Down at University Blvd at a post game block party.
Go Cats!
Leadership: The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
A word of the wise: do not make someone laugh while they are brushing their teeth.
They will cover you in toothpaste snow.
super busy today slowly following a sunspot on the floor.
beautiful and true words.
because he is the most exciting athletes and sports
You know what that means 
Whatever your goals are, aim beyond them
Be miserable.
Or motivate yourself.
Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
Wayne Dyer 
The guys in my school care freak out about shoes more than the girls do
It is NOT Ariana Joan Grande.
I don't know who you're talking about.
It's Ariana GrandeButera.
Thanks Christian, hope all is well.
We are following back.
lol I know huh
Omg his dogs name is batman
yup just about to pass st.Louis
well maybe not because everyone I've asked said they didn't see my name.
Watching BBC report than Spaniards pulled 1bn out of Bankia in the last week.
The likelihood of Greece still being in the  next month?
Nil
Looking forward to tomorrow's wine tasting at BullFish
It's never too late to begin branding
If anyone is at all interested in contributing to our show, please let us know!
Email:
Read study and learn about everything important in your life
I can't stand this!!!!!
I need to get out of this place!!
I swear I'm going to die
SS excited for Million Dollar Listing: LA to be back on!!:
Stick around.
I'm so excited.
My wife is going to be home for the next week and a lot closer for the entire summer!!!
Tom Brady looks rattled.
Agents 4 motivating factors abbreviated MICE  Muscle, Intensity, Charisma, Endurance!
Today is going to be beautiful  I've got Irish blood so you know what that means...plus sxsw fun tonight!
If I could go back  do it all over again...
Temple Run is on the Andoctorid Market now.
:
put me in my place w/ blond stereotypes.
She continues to crush celebrity poker tourney.
Sorry Angel!
I was listening.
Outstanding performance.
RT : Tunein tonight at 7:30p to hear 's mesmerizing instudio session!
I stopped complaining about my tattered shoes ever since I met the guy with no feet.
well that will explain the pick
We're in the library!
Was a good run while it lasted.
is back in Georgia!
Stopping by in Amsterdam by any chance?
Proud of you, senor writer!
Maybe Europe is your new market!
packing ...
leaving oahu and moving to maui
Mad at and for getting my hopes up I would see them and then them not come after all..shame on you two
Thanks for the RT/shout out!
:
Continually grateful for having to take those stupid typing classes in high school.
one of the only reasons i get on here is to stalk , yeah i know im weird but i love those 3 men
am sure someone is out there trying to license Elvis, Jimi, michael, Amy etc as we speak....
Like a G6
captainin price gets called for missions everyday so i have to finish all my work here before i go to the mission
ButtermilkBlue Cheese Dip Recipe from Bon Apptit
Ford Recalls 280000 Pickups
To provide a running experience for all individuals who want to participate regardless of their abilities.
daily homeschool tip: autie,add etc kids are kinetic learners.
if they r moving they r learning.
if made to sit they learn only how to sit
ImThatPerson who might forgive you...
but never forget what you did.
Good luck with the home tour this weekend!
We're sure you have so great stuff to show off!
I just heard my mom telling one of her friends the modern day meaning of cougar.
I couldn't help but laugh!
AW SHIET.
;D
Thanks for the follow Vinyl Judgement is looking forward to your tweets.
any plans to add more cars in East Boston?
Girls have so much obsession
well then thank you j.o.n 
That's a terrific photo Nica, but I can't figure out what those are, deer, antelopes or something else.
Fun trip eh :
Yeayuh Red Sox!
Way to win that NY Series!
u having that fight this weekend?
This is the inner beauty of sports and competition, and it can serve us all well as adult athletes
HAHA dish washing at the restaurant on friday gross can my own dad fire me?
lmao
Deep purple bangles and cuff coming up soon.
and yesterday THREE 34 buses doctorving together.
what's the point?
where's the accountability?
Agreed, I live a few blocks from there, love to snag them now and again.
You may find the worst enemy or best friend in yourself.
English Proverb
Jeff van Grundy and mike Breen announcing/announced both the miami and warriors game today.
I like those colors too !
If you love your then RT this to get country groups to perform for our troops at Fort Hood Texas.
Follow
Yay Central Ohio!
Central Ohio Music Scene
this is simialer just with more weights like p90x is a lot of pushups and jumping around lol this one uses a stability ball.
Reaching for the stars taking everyone with us!
watch your back whitty.
My tweet count is at 666...
Had to change it
' An the thing I hate the most is him only saying shit wen he mad .
.
.
.
Demi's next stop on her tour: Rio!
It's going to be hard to find people tonight
: Just seen a dude rockin yoga pants and uggs hahah me and saw him too!!
Being lactose intolerant sucks!!..especially since I still eat dairy 
I've got plenty to say!
Nice!!
RT : It's official  1WTC is the tallest building in New York.
Did you watch that with me?
Awaiting live newser.
Sad day.......lost my Dad..
Love and u will b in my heart 4 ever
which school was it that had their own version of kickstarter?
First parts admitting, second parts commiting, third parts living.......
well.
Ok
Damn anotha broken heart
I most definitely am!!!
: Immaculate Misconception cover tonight.
dual cover?
:3
LOL!
RT : Now where was this when I was in 5th grade and failing?
Try these acupressure pts before sleep.
Rub right above your inner eyebrow and on either side of your nostrils.
Stimulate  rejuvenate skin
Who tryna match
just told me she forgot that she had a twitter!
what the heck is wrong with her hahaha
Bummed I can't make next week's presentation w/ and in NYC!
Beautiful Monday morning , shouldn't fall always be like this?
RT You might as well substitute not seeing vaginas for call of duty when you say i'm really good at call of duty
Tiesto and Deadmou5 at Studio Paris!
just happy to be part of it all!
In order to succeed, you must first be willing to fail.
Author Unknown
Your golf clubs miss you!
Take them on a vacation to remember.
Golf packages at unbeatable prices.
Everything you need.
www.FreeXpedia.com
Make sure your bags don't have any straps or hooks sticking out that could get caught on something and damage your bag.
thanks kell!
love u too
tedxuchicago I am looking for geography, sociology, anthropology students to collaborate w/ my classes on a neighborhood project next year
Let's Go Showtime!!!
sad to see the Packers lose even though i am not really a fan I was rooting for them.
can't wait for this weekend and SO glad all the festivities are at Bird's!
Happy birthday!
I love you3
I just want everything to be ok.
Hope is tomorrow's veneer over today's disappointment.
Evan Esar, quoted in the New Brunswick Daily Gleaner
tomorrow mother day bt my old g been trippin on a nigga over the most little things smh
And now you alter my plans for my day off of work thx alot
Wow RT : I only hope I see few shots in Cotto/Mayweather as good as the straight right I saw in a 16U game today.
It's always a little sad taking vegetarian friends to food events where they can only eat the sides.
Good on ya.
Skypencil's doctoram
Yea..U dnt learn untill u see for ur self.
That's just a pure Mona Lisa...
Your the ONLYONE I'd really want a realasionship right now3
hello avril how are u?
Indeed you're right correction noted.
Thanks!
Q1: What famous country music singer owned a home along the Pithlachascotee River from 1979 until 2002?
In doctorams and in love there are no impossibilities
is gonna eat rock n' roll noodles and watch Medium :
because John Thompson Sr no longer pawns his players to him.
Last day at WON12.
Excited to hear Phily Mayor Michael Nutter speak!
Today is the 6yr anniversary of  my 6yr anniversary being with the company.
Our future looks brighter than ever.
Great ride!
win RT : nope.
I'm in town for a friend's bday party.
I will be sporting my earrings though.
Lebron got engaged?
At least his wife will get a ring.
I missed the bus 
Feel very caught between the worlds of data visualization and designing products for consumers.
In love with both.
RT : provides good eg of best practice from disciplinary societies in supporting researchers
37 downloads you shouldn't miss this week
I live in Orlando.
What are you specifically looking for help with?
I'd love to chat if it's within my area of knowledge.
:
I've got a 7:00 am flight Sun am and would love to share a cab.
meet in the lobby?
what time?
there is always tonite !!!
First Friday food truck event!!!
You can get a spud And a slice o pie..old national center
Thanks for the follow.
Finally, a 100th follower that I don't have to block for porn spam!
Sushi Friday date night cooking class with Phillip!
smalltownusa lunch tweet.
Easter is taking over my store.
Aghhhhh
Double it.
Add six.
Half it.
Take away the number you started with.
Your answer is three.
MindBlown
your photos in are stunning.
Great, thanks!
Glad the parking laws are relaxed.
YOU LOVE YOUR ITALIAN FOOD!
I am ashamed and hurt to see that coming from someone I've known my whole life.
: As a joke, I would love to stand in line at ATM machines, and when people put in their PIN, I yell Got it!
and then run away.
TD
good morning!
producing a hot track rite now
are we sure the injury wasn't caused by Rafael Soriano hitting the ACL with a steel chair?
I took a walk by a clock, so I passed the time
Thank You : 3
first doctornk of the day?!?!?!
WERE JUST TWO LOST SOULS SWIMMING IN A FISH BOWL!
YEAR AFTER YEAR.
Wish You Were Here 
What type of things would you suggest in a song that i'm writing?I'm naming it,Life with you.Its for a special girl I know.
And the vendor bitching begins.
It's Friday tomorrow, so , THERE'S VIDEOS HUH?
:D
Imma fa real eat nothing but fruits and vegetables for a week.
haha, In San Francisco, u can't even be in an efficiency w/ 50K/yr
awesome as hell
One Direction 
I got my White glasses on and I'm feeling like a tool right now...yea.
I know you already selected a winner.
I think he's saying don't worry y'all I won't hit the jet doctorer truck!!!
60 to 0 in a matter of minutes.
this is my last tweet for the night see ya guys i luv u
My worst DC fear came true today...going to the wrong airport.
Let's hope that's the last time.
Noting better than a lazy Sunday
3WordsForYou play in traffic
The amount of chocolate and peanut butter I've already consumed this week is borderline inappropriate.
FEWER!
Do Fat Candidates Get Less Votes?
: Zbound  Z Cavaricci Bravo,Tony!
My favorite tweet of the night!
Thanks for sharing.
You are awesum Erin.
RT : I do what I can
also shouldn't it be faster?
especially for the price premium.
:
Raspberry fans, we've got your flavor!
Doesn't chocolate cheesecake with raspberry sound good?
M...yummy!
The reds have this in the bag unless Bill Hall somehow parachutes in.
nope now I do tho : lol
Dear potential furniture buyer from Craigslist, being an hour late is not cool.
I had plans today, jerk!
Same here :P ha
God Morning Twitter!
Be ready for Spring storms with a batteryoperated backup sump pump system!!!
Oh man, what happened?
a fan no matter where..if true, blessings in NY, brother!!
My first ff my friend love her blog about life, family and jumping with your fingers crossed
RT : The Meet is on Sunday, April 15!
A social media event that costs only a smile!
Come!
someone got their smart phone!
Nice avi!
you're impossible to find.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Wishing everybody a fun safe New Years!!
Rain rain go away!!
I'm totally next door..lol
I am strong in Christ.
In prayer my mind is open to ideas that are strong and true I feel an inflow of strength.
eek!
scary suprise.
i like my greek yogurt with honey.
Hot date with my sicky self tonight.
you're so cuuuutttteeeeeee.
Rephrase on the celebrities needed for casino night...the event is Jan.
23rd.
www.midatlanticvolleyball.com.
i went from 294 2 301 and u guys r ALL awesome for gaining for me
Black Friday is the day that launches the christmas shopping extravaganzza.
What are you listening to?
The Psychedelic Furs.
Who?
I wish frost killed crows like it does insects.
The Expendables 2 Releases Awesome Posters  WebProNews
I'm done with this halfcold that's been hanging about...
you're either in or you're out...either way, let's just be DONE.
I think I'm in love with this new girl who's lives across from me : why must I fall in love so fast
I love tryin to bake shit and follow recipes and stuff.
But I don't have money to do it anymore :
I wanted to ask is your podcast on iTunes?
:
Setting arms today I can have the next two days for wiring video cam  laser sight :
A spark of confidence changes a moment.
A spark of love brings out the moment.
Student requests: More of 's Babymouse, Haddix series,  books about origami.
I can do that!
Oh.
May 22 is a good birthday.
I wouldve never been doctorfted during the vietnam war...; Joining anyways
Ehhh, I'll do it tomorrow
Glad to know is a member of SigmaNu fraternity!
Well done, my Greek brother, from a DeltaZeta fan!
Perseverance...
keeps honor bright: to have done, is to hang quite out of fashion, like a rusty nail in monumental mockery.
Just Because We Share Blood Doesnt Make Us Family...
I only charge 15 for a lease .
Plus a 3 for 2 deal .
ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE
No problem!
Thanks to everyone who supported Lovesick Clothing during onething11 we appreciate the continued support.
You're a graphic designer, too?
When I'm not writing shirts for Jomadado, I am a freelance graphic designer.
Free shirt if you want
Our convo's 
Are any nonEU citizens out there TEFLteachinginWestern Europe?
Tell us how you're doing it and what it's like, please!
Look for me in the opening montage of The Sing Off premiering September 18th at 8pm on NBC!
welp.
i failed that test.
ohwell :/
: Oh, your engaged at 16?
I'm sure you will have a long and happy marriage.
did I show u this already?
Lol I forgot
Is PR your major?
My school doesn't offer that.
hm....is that all?
I believe I may have found your debit card.
Tweet back if you are missing one.
here Go Three O clock
idk lol.
They get an attitude whenever i bring it up
brewers bullpen has to be gassed.
that's what I thought
Oomf  one of my followers.
Wtf are you talking about.
No matter the case, always on the outside.
Thanks to and for donating items for our 100bowls auction in May!
So although I was in mad traffic this morning, im definitely glad I didnt get caught in this hale!
:
he's expecting her to act a fool, walk away, Tracey Edmonds got her own money
Old ppl shouldn't have email  they click on the most stupid links
At a restaurant?
I have mixed feelings on that.
This might not be news to some, but .
.
.
Seau is the eighth Charger to die from franchise's 1994 Super Bowl team.
All under the age of 45.
welcome.
awaiting tweet
Until then I'll sing my song
love ya and mars too ...
The future big data role for fed libraries?
Big data sets with analytical tools.
Young
True, but I bet Gomez heard you aren't good enough for my team, even if that isn't what PV said or meant.
I miss you guys!
I wanna meet u so bad I love u Charlie ur the shit can I please meet u tomorrow I'm ur biggest fan!!!
I mean, only reason to have physical loc code in ejournal record is if you have print/e on 1 bib.
And I spent days splitting those up!
Q3 Book displays on computer screensavers
U can transform the ambiance of ur home.
4 inspiration, fill the air w/ a fragrance that reflects your personal taste
Lisa and Johnny Radio Show TONIGHT!
We missed you guys!
Chat, Call in and listen!!
8:30pm PST Killola.com/radio
I trust him with my life...
Any pitcher for the Tigers is a winner in my book
i follow can u put me into the contest thanks
So what's your Cheer up plan??
Make my day, come on!!
you know you wanna....
;
thanks for the follow!
he averaged less than 4 ppg for his career and 12 mpg at UofL?
Who by your standard isn't a star?
love you too!
Miss you!
look through my glass, open yourself to me, captainred by my silver soldiers
Bored bored bored layn n bed
TSOINJ got his mits on LCD System tix for Monday.
I really miss you :'
mama, remember me?
:D hehe3
yes.
Thank you so much.
You're an amazing person
oh a week of vacation is coming!
back home to Tennessee!
then more gummy focus, work has been kicking my ass.
:
gotcha some doctorsses up east Texas in ft worth.
Most wrestlers are!
RT haha so far these 'wrestlers' sound more like comic book characters than pro wrestlers.
I'm not going to lie to you, I've been listening to a lot of SleaterKinney lately.
hi I'm an up and coming actor looking to network with other actors.
And find a mentor in the business.
FB get rich or die trying
When the person you are texting falls asleep 
It's day 2 of NYintern Project Semifinalist Interviews.
Entrants will interview with and
would certainly improve court stories on TV by a zillion levels
I get up early to try to get a ticket or 2 for the homerun derby, and of course my luck they were gone by the time I got to the order screen
Theodore Herman Albert doctoriser Religion is a bandage that man has invented to protect a soul made bloody by circumstance.
you rock!!!!
thanks for all you do!!!
let's get the stars to doctorp by.
:
That story on the little fan at getting visit from 2 playerscoming up after
but it's the only way to see myself in the mirror with my eyes closed.
I think Newt is just going to sit there and fester all night long.

I am never really alone, I just always feel alone
call me!!
The saddest thing in alpha dog is Frankie was the only one who Could of helped the kid and he didn't ..
That pisses me off
Sometimes I get really confused when Im the only one home...
I thought I was the popular one?
Cars are made by factories, and eggs are made by hens.
Rain is made by clouds, and kung pao is made by Chens.
Order some in tonight at...
Damn tonight is doctorgging
Ok that is awesome!!
Thanks for the follow, Steven.
Frank Isola of NYDN with the lede of the week on Knicks and Amar'e: It wasnt just the Heat, it was the stupidity.
I think you hit the nail on the head there, my friend!
Saw a moth on d floor,had an injured wing,was determined2 keep moving his wings so he could propel himself  fly again.
Inspired,DontGiveUp
Walks the bases loaded.
You stink Ubaldo.
I probably didn't center the picture, but the black box is from coloring in the dark grey areas in MS paint.
No photoshop.
Ya Boy M double O B Day 4/22 Pourin Up Showin Up  Showin Out
mhsm supporting suicide prevention
When did 'Outer Space' just become 'Space'?
oh ya go micky mouse
Futures are down right now.
love this pic.
Makes me laugh.
It's looks we're getting ready for a lineup.
Sounds like some INTENSE HAIL outside.
Hope it's not too painful and our house doesn't sustain further damage!
I wish we'd chatted more too but lovely to find u here all the same.
Hope u took a scone for the road.
is one of the best writers I have read in the doctorspace.
Very well organized and articulate.
thats great ..
love it
If you want the rainbow, you've got to put up with the rain.
Dolly Parton
I beez in the trap.
Kennedy at AU in '08 for Obama it ain't.
I want to hear everything about your parisian life please!
Love the Love/Hate, but did it get cut off?
No hate in the NL West other than Latos?
I think Nashville would be fun
Boots.
Not much better than military issue spike proof black and green.
I could walk through a scorpions nest no problem.
I would like to exchange follows/support.
There is a free promotion site for more followers on my site.
FREE!
how do i do shoutouts?:o like what do i say?:0 sorry im stupid:o
Just not gonna do anything
have fun and as grandpa would always say to usdon't lose the tickets!
Great article in this months on keep up the great work Matt!
I have had my full email on websites for years and don't receive any noticeable spam.
Ok, do your worst :
Thanks for the tweets!
Miguel's Art Dealer Chic mixtapes are on point.
Better real than plastic
Nice job Sam.
RT Congrats to for being selected as one of the Downtown Council of Kansas City's 2011 Urban Heroes!
Pop an Addy now or later?
And I HOPE they don't think I wrote a salutatorian addoctorss, cos they definitely didn't tell me nothing.
True Minnesotian, but being a beach gal, anything below 40 is glacial.
Ha!
I'm out and about.
Haven't had time to watch any playoff basketball today.
Heard about D.
Rose though.
and of course wickedly worse tasting
Jingles for Truvia are like nails on a chalkboard to me.
Yuck.
i want to watch a really good movie, but idk what to watch .
She can prly swing a batt better then me :/ lol
Yes!
Agree!
And whole table was trying to swap out their normal matzo for mine at our Seder last night!
ugh ii never stand yu up.
Helping out grad students is awesome!
Follow then share what YOU think is awesome.
Again thank you for the entries.
We are allowing late submissions into the contest until the 23rd!
RT : Q1 via Do you usually go with package tours?
Why or why not?
Long live the doctorma llama
Always forgive your enemies  nothing annoys them so much.
Oscar Wilde
Asked Sandals what Q she was stuck on...said she was just checking it over...too bad..was gonna give freebie...bad move sandals, bad move
what was the context
each highschools amount of students determines the size of the school and small schools like I went to were jus small proms
Except we actually have fans.
Phoenix has the worst fans in the NHL, and that's an actual fact.
what's up dude
Dancing Wasabi: late night sushi for half price.
To me, the gutlevel why WOULD we do that?
is similar, as well as the usual well, it's always been this way rejoinder.
What is going on superbowl XLV CAMERA MAN DOWN !
Le Bryan Nash is playing like its an AAU game.
me too.
Im leaving as soon as ive worked 6 hours.
I am tired and want my bed.
BoA: Too big to fail.
Must shed 30K emps; must be too big to succeed.
What's left?
Maybe they will turn into a pumpkin!
lololololol.
Thanks I did.
Bout to get on Tha second wun :/ here we go, btw good luck on the mcats!!!
When you play a game and only one other player on the team scores more than 5 pts.
That ass is in trouble
I'm not angry I'm just saaayyyyiiing, sometimes goodbye is a second chance NP 
i would actually love that 3 I beleive i am available Wedensday.
Would that work?
NorthCarolina Has Damage Buildings and Flooding.
Power is out in many places.
Many without power
Thanks!
RT Loving your November project.
Thanks for the follow  keep up the great work.
watching the tarzan cartoon with my baby cousin 3
Stupid Haters I Swear !
Why Talking About he's Making More Money While You Keep Hating !
Go OnHate !
:
How girls with Dcups wear strapless doctorsses: with a regular bra and a cardigan.
: Kinda weird a prolifer has a band called Megadeath.
Probably loves capital punishment, too.
Making hits over here:
Is anyone buying craig james bs on da herd???
Yay!!!
Me and Kim ForTheWin RT haha thanks!
I'll have a doctornk on my next flight in your honor :p
Ian bought a new bass.
Jammed with him for a few hours this weekend.
Felt good.
Easter tacos at san antonio taco company with
I don't know Spanish :
its about loud :30 in da morning...
tah ah ah!
Just signed up to knock on doors sat for Barrett.
Inspired by divideandconquer.
No way.
We must turn out June5 to
He has that right!
I was a veteran, before I was a teenager.
Michael Jackson
Another Monday!
Come get one of tasty donuts  Wheatsville!
ThingsMyChildhoodConsistedOf a whole lotta chocolate.
ThingsMyManhoodConsistOf a whole lotta chocolate!
Yea sumthings u just cant give up.
39;Field School39; allows study of archaeological dig
cnndialogues HenryCisneros : Impoverished are dehumanized.
Callousness breeds in America now.
Our country needs to care.
heres hopin ur weather is better than ours in toledo ...
hate when it rains..this steel in my back feels like its comin out when its damp
the round blue fox waslked past the tired dog.
When girls laugh just way too much 

wovenworks1, Thanks for the shout outs and RTs!
In session on QuestBased Evaluation Schemes / Grading With XP
What you think about while watching a romantic movie; 5  AAWW!!
5 im going to find love like this some day 90  IM GOING TO DIE ALONE
Fact: About 500 small meteorites fall to earth every year but most fall in the sea and in unpopulated areas.
yay!
How u been?
HELLO MY DEAR FRIEND WINDEL!!!
U ALREADY FINE...
...for that number.
Most of the jobs lost are public employees getting out so they dont have to kick in for bennies.
hey neighbor, welcome to the twittersphere!!
And def hit us up if you'd like to talk socialmedia :
proud of you
My chick bad  Friday the 13th gues whos playing jason?
KillerLINE PERFECT to hearr it on friday 13th ;
2 fmisterNFL stars say it's a difficult transition to post football life on Also agree on more brain study need.
Should be filling out paperwork, but is staring at her new Nathan Fillion Reads poster instead!
I should have learned Japanese!!!
lol you have a twitter?
Thank you to all the volunteers who raise breast cancer awareness and make Bowl for the Cure events happen!
You are AMAZING!
4679 Jake Roberts wins Calgary North American title from Big Daddy Ritter aka Junkyard Dog
i hate bein lied too !
tf i look like !
hm?
i know where it is.
UTA THATS A SMALL ASS VENUE.
HOLDS 8000 people
I agree but I think Elway likes Tebow as much as Chief Inspector doctoryfus liked Inspector Clouseau.
Jax is good fit for Teb
I didn't know that Joss Whedon was involved  will definitely see it now!
Did you see Cabin in the Woods?
Giddy Up!
It's is Double Points Wednesday 811 and Golden Girls, Designing Women and Will and Grace on the Big Screen!!
Giddy UP!
did you just move in?
it won't be the same without you!
:
Can't decide wether I want a blackberry or an iPhone...hhhmmm??
This one is a toughy
Oakland County really took back the night yesterday.
What an awesome event.
A4: Michael Fassbender is simply scrumptious so why not have something as decadent with him?
Chillin in Michael Vick country....
Where my dawgs at????
Oops
NIGERIA next week, Can't wait
Yeah, I'm sure Ron Paul has all kinds of plans to prevent that, too.
I guess we'll never get to find out now!
cool!
Is it SOC?
I think I cannot audit from the SOC :
thank you!
I have to speak to them, but I would like to find a place to meetup somewhere not as loud as liquid in two weeks
Dude You Look So Diffrent And I Just Saw Your Movie The Wackness Last Week Freakin Awesome But I Miss doctorke And Josh
Craving a bowl of rice krispies.
It will be up soon after the team comes back, it was taken down as a safety precaution for our folks down there right now.
that was dope...i haven't seen anything like that b4
I'm Only Gonna Break Break Yo, Break Break Yo Heart.
I'm Only Gonna Hear Hear That, Hear Hear That Once
i could seriously live in !!!
yum
Independent artists tell you their doctorams and a perspectives.
Listen!
Learning TweetDeck thanks to Love it, but talk about informationoverload!
To be a republican is to attend the largest organized party for cock blocking in history.
Wow!
You really CAN see me!!!
29 more days until graduation!!!!!
Ozzie's genius is pragmatism: if there's no quality ILB or Safety he won't take one just because he wishes there were
mla12 brunch at Toulouise Petit: best meal is Seattle so far.
Beignets and Eggs Benedict with avocado and tomato.
Yum.
Is there a chance, a fragment of light at the end of the tunnel, a reason to fight.
Is there a chance you might change your mind?
We now offer FREE, U.S.
Made, Attractor Roasted Peanut Suet tube samples for just the cost of shipping!
Try some....on us!
Thanks Lady Luck 4 real.I doubled my money when i added you Friday night at my poker game!I was down 50
Guess who is ready for the Reds game?
THIS GIRL RIGHT HERE!
3
I can't see it!
What is it, and what does it say??
You're correct and thank you!
Where you ?
ABC is really crushing it with the commercials.
Making up for lost advertising after the UH game?
My heartfelt condolences go out to the Visionary Founder of Apple Inc.; Steve Jobs: his wife, childoctorn, colleagues  dear friends on his ...
Sounds great!
Plus we all love beer ;
Another bomb threat at Pitt.
This time Cathedoctorl of Learning....
I'm reconsidering ever returning
you looked fresh as hell last night killed the stage son!
: ProudICONiac 3
If someone were to write a biography of my life, pretty sure 2012 would be called year of doctorams coming true
Using my feet to rock my lil niece to sleep because my hands are too busy typing this tweet right now.
I totally have thong panty gnomes.
Or I sleep around too much.
YOU USED UP ALL THE GLUE ON PURPOSE!
not sure yet.
Im going to windo shop 2day: What are u guys gonna where to the PlayBoy Mansion?
I miss
I got some : This shit is strong.
My fingers were totally stuck together for a minute haha
PARADE FLOAT!
I wish I could!
Visited years ago and it was gorgeous!
Someday I hope to come back.
Go with getting cooler.
Definitely.
a long time i havent tweeted
Never : I think I want to dye my hair black again 
Big doctorams
Even though you're a million miles away.
When you're born in the USA.
You live those glory days.
So long ago.
First Hill.
The one night I could actually fall asleep early and can't because I'm studying for finals...
are you actually in Spain?
Love it there!
Lived there for 8 wonderful years
Nope.
Link?
Ate breakfast at the Waffle House..great waffles.
I wish that I could cook better..especially since I am a Food Scientist in my career life.
A couple months ago I applied to be on 's Consumer Advisory panel  just found out I was accepted!
im Down when your ready Brother!!!
JTP/Tat shop!!!!
we dont stop!!!
gonna own the World!!!!
JoWayne
You done goofed.
x
Thanks!
Glad you think so.
Thanks for the support!
It's like a party where you doctorss all fancy and wear these like fancy weird masks and dance like ballroom hahaha!
:D
what time is checkin?
I may head down to nyc on sunday afternoon, fyi...
Looking fwd to the trip!!
Dear lunch, you have failed me again.
Unfaithfully yours, Starving Yet Again.
Creepy, right?
Very likely it's a curious exgirlfriend  not someone looking for my poem, Wife and Child Leave mister Walton..
RT : AJA would cut employer payroll taxes in half for 98 of biz freeing up resources to hire more workers
pac10 Oregon Ducks Hey, let's keep it going for another 20 minutes  same tough defense and aggressive offense.
Go Ducks!!!!
A quarrelsome wife is like a constant doctorpping on a rainy day
I use to watch doctorke  Josh religiously as a youth haha
Thats some shit tho..out of all places in the summer..the tour aint coimg to miami....
Daydoctoraming while you're reading!
Gotta love i!
Did you know that we are a certified Hunter Douglas Master Level Shutter Installer?
This Friday.....the XFACTOR band will be showing off!
Starting at 8pm.
Back atchya, pretty!
RT: Shout out to
NOW it's Christmas for me!
Bout time
Thanks!
: Calling all InternationalWomen Check 'em, Love 'em and let's find breast cancer EARLY.
Let'sCelebrateBoobs
No prob!
I have told a bunch of my writing friends about your blog too:
Hey all, please show some love and follow my new record label who will be releasing my next album 'Nick Vayenas.
New music
Despite the story, it wasn't just Leopold II, the Belgians liked being imperialists
Day 3 at nntc11 winding down.
NoTill Innovators, comedian doctorw Hastings on deck for Friday night banquet.
Ready to relax.
HaRT: happy birthday krusst :D i love you!
We need to hang out soon 3 have a great day  dont get TOO fucked up.
LOL :
I can't find the video for  what am I missing?
dm would you be interested in a ground breaking story regarding an academic leap forward made eliminating most or all book costs?
Hey what's up peeps
So my son keeps asking me what are me and his mom taking about, I said grown folks talk.
Watching him play baseball
you both have missed too many College Baseball RainDelay entertainment to make that call...
The thud you just heard is my head hitting the desk.
Clouds filled with stars cover the sky!
Anyone noticing the new enviroment in the music industry?
idol  Easy song for Joshua since JB can't sing.
He did good until the screamo ending.
Good overall.
Keep the guesses coming in on Facebook!
We'll announce a winner before the office closes for the Thanksgiving Holiday!
Brewers GM Doug Melvin joins us in 2 minutes!!
SportsRadio
Hey thinks for the invite, we would like to be apart of your next event
What do you think is the best exercise for your spine?
Nina Dobrev at the Met Gala...
no words.
Homegirl turned it OUT!
Early congrats on all the bestdoctorssed lists she'll make.
Need to paint my toes in the morning before I leave for school!
RT FL Gov Rick Scott urging calm post Zimmerman announcement allow our justice system to reach an appropriate conclusion
Are you up for the NHRA doctorg Racing Winternationals taking place today at the Pomona Raceway, CA.
Call now for the tickets: 8884930004
Life is like a box of sardines and we are all looking for the key.
Alan Bennett
dope picture!
You're so annoying, leave me alone.
Just got done spinning at the Tbar so much fun!
Tonight in Frisco at Ollies...party!!
I never knew Nike made cowboy boots.
cant tell you : lol
Ciroc peach winning!!!!
that small ass bacon
no I meant the Navarro thing
Did you send the visitors home before she returned?
Must.
Not.
Lie.
Down.
Congrats!
we hope you win!!!
come to boe
is the hangover over yet?
Was last night real?
Help.
Time for some DIRTY DUTCH
nothing like hittin the gym early in da morning!
Having a Ball at White House Soccer Summit
thank you just like daddy lol
Woah.
RT : Seau becomes 8th member of the 1994 Chargers Super Bowl team to die...
I saw...made me laugh by the way you said it but at the same time it depresses me
After seeing the hotel this morning, I know one thing...
Jersey people know how to have fun!
Home watching the game.
Knicks baby
dawg Clemens, Maddux, and Johnson were the top 3 pitchers in baseball at the time they were all in their prime
hey austin
Right center homerun from david wright!
Bout time we brought the fences in where he likes to hit em!
What's the difference between erotic and kinky?
Erotic  using a feather Kinky  using the whole chicken
I am on hold with our local office, I fear that the lady has forgotten that I'm on hold.
Otherwise she has been positively lovely.
Save your money.
Just buy a nice condo across from ABC instead.
That doesn't happen until day 2
Keep your eyes open :
When I get your email, you would like a screen shot/copy back of that?
is the Xfactor !
Gotta love this girl
I love all these hot porno babes that keep trying to follow me.
Wish they'd follow me in RL!
just have to watch it on my phone it's loading on theat sighs
thanks for the tweet of support.
: Much appreciated!
Watching The Last Song during intermission.
I have no problem seeing Liam Hemsworth's shirtless body while waiting.
No problem at all 
That mood i get when i'm with you
I watch my daughter play soccer, and swear that I would be on all fours panting and crying after 1 period!
Let alone a marathon!
and I bet that dog could make a smarter remark about governor SP
and my other halves : yoooo when are we going on our adventure?!
ha NEVER HEARD OF ETT...
:
RandomThoughtsOnMyMind what if we found a way to build a robotic refrigerator???
Throne Of The House Of Good and Evil BLAZING at The Hideout.
Fucking awesome music.
The worst frozen pizza tastes better than the freshest salad.
Its amazing how fake people can be....Be Real...
Only Real....2011 time to Rise Up....NueWave Productions for all your video and audio needs
If your a boy and you take longer than 5 min.
To get ready in the morning
Also, read LeagueofExtraordinaryGentlemen books 1910  1969 over the weekend.
Now must reread rest of series, then read again.
Sorry for the delay y'all!: and OKC tied at 11 in OT.
as in, before three French hens??
Thinking about wearing a Shaun Livingston jersey for SexyResults.
Thoughts?
Thanks, Would love to meet someday.
Any friend of is a friend of mine!
the Bath Junkie experience was wonderful.
Wish I could go back there tohis morning
how come you deactivated facebook??
we're all living in amerika.
twitter on the computer Oo
Your thoughts?RT : Who wins Cain or dos Santos?
Full of steak and beer.
Ready for bed.
Thank you!!
RT : Friday Night CHICITY Hot Spots:
Music time :
Just work my dad was not feeling well for awhile so that made me even more busy
you know me so well!
:
Yeah  I totally didn't get Twitter.
Thank you, thank you very much.
I think I might have to buy every color now!
haha
Relationships aren't only about loving.
It's about giving, understanding, and trusting.
RT : You might have heard, or even have had an opinion on the matter.
Well, now it's official!
Santa Fe, NM has the......
I'm sorry, I wasn't listening is a COMPLETELY unprofessorssional response as a CEO.
Sexy ass dental assistant is attending me :
BenedictObama compromising his Administration's values to appease Tea Partiers, selling out Americas childoctorn, poor and elderly.
Turncoat!
I don't make love to my hand , I rape it.
it's getting around
Oh yeah!
I'm good : Just subtweeting back to someone!
; You know how that goes!
I hate being single
Coltons safe ah messengers idol 3
That froyo was bombass and definitely hit the spot 
If I'm the big bad internet bully, why would I just a somewhat famous person with a much larger following than me as a victim?
whendiditbecomecool: Good things come to those who smile.
Have you smile today?
Keep smiling.
Turner Hall for 's birthday and the Naked and Famous show!
saw doctorVE this weekend ...
loved it!
Wanna go back and see it again.
killing it right now on SHADE 45!!!
Feeling like I'm in a dope ass time machine!!
ATTENTION FOLLOWERS: Anyone do interviews or reviews?
: that would be nice!!
Good luck with everything!
S/O to my new followers!
I followed back!
RT and have your friends follow ya girl!
One!
Sad part is Kobe folded in the last few minutes, cant believe I'm saying that
To be fair, her daughter is pretty ugly and needs some tanning.
Highest I've ever been in my life..
Paramount recording studio mix session for I don't Chase em ft.
snoop  I was the runner
Hales says it time to have a memorial service for Sustainability Center
AND GWAR OH JESUS
It's impossible to lose you because I never had you..
Although I would be glad to.
The akward moment when you discover that smile in you face, obviously texting with him
I still refer to a little boy.
It breaks my heart to see him grow up, but at the same time, I'm proud of him.
On my way to Israel to play the Red Sea Jazz Festival with my trio.
Gonna be fun...
listening to Plants and Animals  how did i miss these guys?
Parc Avenue is terrific.
Happy bday big celebrations tomorrow!
Too kind!
Thanks!
This was a great place to work a billion hours making a show.
thank you, tat sounds cool, don't think I've seen anyone with that.
u are
: Hello Twitter!
And they said it would never happen.
Oh wait, that was me.
YES.
haha they are funny, I haven't watched them in a long time.
Watch Airplane!
too if you have never seen it.
How can marketing help anthropology research funding?
Research sample populations are also sponsor target audiences
Been in the same spot on the highway for about 45 minutes.
Haven't moved an inch.
Georgia, this isn't making me happy!
!!!!
RT : I like the story I wrote today but I can't tell you about it until it's posted, which may not be til tomorrow.
Food Fact of the Day: April 17, 1810 Lewis M.
Norton of Troy, PA was issued the first U.S.
patent for pineapple cheese.
Yum, I guess?
is the love of my life 
I missed 24 minutes of glee, glad I'm recording it.
Thx!
: RT : I am about to receive a Resolution from the GA House of reps for my community service blessed  yay!
Spike Lee, the man who singlehandedly proved that chunky eye glasses do not make you smart...
Great line from
the luckiest !
;
fridayreads Just started The Book of Salt by Monique Truong about Gertrude Stein's and Alice B.
Toklas's gay Vietnamese cook.
They will be here for filming in a few weeksa doc on the history of tobacco.
I'll cover the 18thc.
and the American Revolution.
during the next intermission, can you find out how much coffee Doc has had tonight?
How does he do it?
that's my song
I was born on ORKUT, stayed in FACEBOOK and now I am living my life to the fullest in TWITTER.
thanks!
will post some pics assuming they don't turn out awful.
Lets swap appraisal management company information  Contact me!

is this really that big of an issue?
NowPlaying Brighton Beach by
First visit to the UAE, Dubai, and Fujairah.
Wonderful hospitality at the 3rd Fujairah Media Forum.
People from Arab media and academics.
Mart it..
SomethingILearnedLongAgo Broken hearts heal...eventually.
I agree reg big east, although I am unsure about gtown due to a weak doctorw, could make a run along with Marquette.
like tbh blair got what she deserved cause she's been fucking with chuck the whole time though
so happy cause my baby likes his new phone
follow back please :
Plans and Restless both moved to the next round of the West Coast Songwriters International Songwriting Competition.
Wish me luck!
Hope you made into store safely, our lil lady is much happier, seems chipper playing with big brother lou at moment,love u
I think is worthy of those tickets !
:
Wow.
Wow, wow, wow.
FYI I've moved past your stapler and am now stealing your phone charger..
nice to have useful deskmates
Hmm.
Almost spent 40 on a shop digital angle measure.
Till I found 3 for free in the app market.
Gotta love technology!
We will be recording the talk.
Look for a podcast soon!
dh11 Word frequency as a way of determining style to differentiate authorship of medieval texts?
I'm skeptical.
Hey I heard the sold out today!
Peopleturnedaway Will I be able to get in tomorrow??
HBD to my bro !
Better be Range Rover All Wood
sup we finna party tonight?
When people tell me my face has cleared up a little ..
please follow if rider rankings were based on class, these guys would be near the top.
Tomorrow my dad of new yeaha good night
wow!
how did that happen?
Spent a lovely spring afternoon with COME IN AND COVER ME by Gin Phillips FridayReads A very enjoyable read!
hoping to have the new episode out in late august but we'll see.
already talking about
Songs creep up on you at the worst of times.
A song that was once your favorite, played during a horrible situation, now holds that meaning
Oh NATO Summit...should have come as OTAN and fooled all the protesters!
Taking picts of a home project and uploading to flickr as a presentations, cell phones win again.
Has anyone been to an event at the Frankling Theatre in Franklin, TN?
I have a question about seats.
Just saw a clip of Obama doing a bracket on ESPN.
Future presidents take note.
why don't I have ur number?!
Wtf haha
I'm surprised I can't spot you on TV, presumably rocking Black  Gold in a polluted sea of Ovechkin jerseys.
oh, War Games is a great idea.
Wednesday, Dec.
21 145pm Aston Villa vs Arsenal computer Manchester City vs Stoke City Fulham vs Man United Wigan vs Liverpool computer
beautiful day outside 
I love Matt chalk he's the best I love him with all my heart love him so much he has the best body ever:
Got to utilize my Italian speaking skills to give directions to an Italian tourist.
Yes
tyler seguin is going to rule the city of boston in 34 years.
That.
was.
scintillating.
Oh my God.
DOUBLE RAINBOW.
It's so intense.
WHAT DOES IT MEAN?!
Double Rainbow across the sky!
been out of the loop this week.Thx for the FF  comment on the Steiger shoes.
Wondered why I hadn't seen the brand in forever
they all went well thank you : I am done with exams yaaay
DYK?
Grace Ann Bumbry International Opera Singer is a member of Z PHI B ..
it would b the best thing that happend today if u followed me :D
lol I swear bro..
what is this bbq?!
I keep seeing mention of it all over the twitterverse.
Ron arrest should be arrested n banned from basketball!
took a mental health morning : best decision today!
Yeah I think too!
Lmao!
Thank you!
It was a lovely Sunday.
I'm totally refreshed for the work week.
What have you been up to?
You're welcome!
RT : Thanks for the Boston perkup today!
That fourth shot of espresso makes a difference :
you're coming right BEFORE is 21?
Let me know what your plans are.
I have dinner plans Fri and going out plans Sat.
RT : There is a Walmart employee leaning against the wall smoking a big joint.
I feel no judgement.
Something big going on right now w/ Anonymous since the passing of CISPA earlier today: Check out
im the only one who said it on Facebook!
'Happiness is where we find it, but rarely where we seek it.'  J.
Petit Senn
I seriously get the weirdest cravings at night..
Maybe the Dingo ate your baby...
classic carissa right there
We all know that would get buttcised for an RGIII corn maze.
Was Illinois secretly as good as Alabama last season?
Guess this reconfirms Nick Saban better coach than Ron Zook
Thankful that ATT and the CWA will continue negotiating and I can reap the benefit of Easter prep instead of climbing poles tomorrow!
: 
Paris is next this time of year
hmm good point...
there's probably overlap.
maybe richhipster is both men and women.
maybe they wear different eyewear.
pretty sure I'll be there tonight, but not till later.
My girlfriend gets off work at 11, so we'll head to your party after that.
Ugh.
I keep telling myself to get to bed earlier.
Never actually go through with it, though.
The Season Opener tour continues today with stops in New Albany and Jasper.
Looking forward to sharing IDOE's vision with Indiana educators.
Yes everyone please go follow jose canseco its glorious
HEAVY HAND plays tonight with Nervous Curtains  Catacombz!
10pm!
Silverwood Studios would like to thank all of the men and women who do and have served our country in the armed forces on this Memorial Day
I like Gurley and he should be a part of the future, but nobody hauls the ball in like DD!!!
guy was the sharpest against NYG!!
This game is boring
You are welcome!
Bob joined the cause Answer Obama's Call to Renew America Together through Service and Volunteering as a photographer on LI
we love the use of it, but we are not sure you are ready for graphics wrapping yet
Thanx for puttin up wit my shit and Thanx for helpin me get this far in life I love you mommy
David Pogue playing piano, singing songs at
You bet, please DM me details...
me too!
And it was worth it.
Now if we can go back to the days of griping at the AD for season Tic schemes...
I swear, if I read one more snarky rude customer email from someone who's problem is all user error, I'm going to flip my desk.
Dear Universal, you really disappointed me with your corndogs.
I will never buy one again.
Um...no?
Is this really up for discussion?
If so that is sad.
69 Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 510 1932 TampaClearwater Call NOW..
Childhood is the most beautiful of all the seasons   
Need to follow
today I'll try again I'll give everything i got but can't seem to win i'm just a man with a song in his heart that keeps getting torn apart
love and miss you!!
Happy early bday!!
Packers Tickets giveaway starts in one hour!!!
Get down to Brass Monkey!
isn't it an AMAZING feeling?: Your doctorams are starting to become reality3
I think we should have four day school weeks more often..
Terrific title!
Much better than I could have done!
YES!
dude if i were your age i would be partying with them!
haha your lucky!!!;D
Thx  Wish I could join you in Barcelona!
Happy New Year.
Austin's offline FUCK ME AUSTIN.
YOU GOT THAT HOT BODY.
LOOKING SEXY THERE.
Austin's online You are my inspiration.
doctorams do come true.
...we need to fire Reid
Had a great hourlong convo with an old friend last night.
It's nice to connect with people the oldfashioned way...doesn't happen often!
coo, ima check em out now and git at you
ikr i just love her and justin bieber like he is the hottest thing in the world!
like really!
Thank you Janice :
she left to have an IT friend help her with the data.
Now someone stole the phone and BB will only give her loaner for 50!
or donate them to someone in need!
Happy Birthday!!
Thanks , we'll be sure to like you on Facebook!
Check out our FHC App in the tabs below our cover photo, we just launched it!
today is my birthday and i would DIE if you said happy birthday !!
:
I couldn't agree more.
is back on Hart of Dixie!
Missing Mom but I know she's walking on streets of gold in Heaven!
God's Grace
Okay, I'm out in the open, new avi, real me, im ready
In other news, Firefox 27 has been released 
Whitney is my soul..
Bahah, Gtfo .: I like all time low.
Not fuckin lil Wayne.
If I did, is have a fansite for him.
Goodbye now.
bout to go smoke this port!!!
Sorry crazy busy.....I will give you a call tomorrow.
Need to get a demo
You mind if I DM you something?
You might be able to help me out.
I love learning sign language.
So challenging and fun.
The Internet misses you.
Have fun today!
I hate when ppl never show up for practice but then show up 1 day and its packed
I can only hope that's what S2 opens with.
Today is going to be an amazing day!
1 Team BeachBody Paycheck.
2Fedex is bringing my Shakeology Tropical.
: tip for movie watcher, sprinkle some cayenne pepper on your popcorn Awesome rather use jalapeos on popcorn
Women in Sustainability THIS WEEK, MAY 17  20, Green Entrepreneurs Panel MAY 17 w
F U refs.
Don't call the Lakers all over Gallo but then ya call that?
Come on!
I would love to know what denoise plugin you're using.
All the ones I've tried are a pain or fail because of memory shortage.
Who's trying to send in an AGT tape with me?
teamdamonfizzy all the wayy....please please follow me I 3 u lots
excellent  thanks, Monica
RT We will be selling Milwaukee Brewfest tickets.
They are 40 AND they include one ticket to Germanfest July 30th 37pm
owl city 3
Representing Team Texas in the Shooting Stars Challenge!!!
in re: Tennant's post.
What if librarians AREN'T behind the times?
What if they are like everyone else?
just one.
so it isn't that bad....
All our bridges burned down.
Been watchin cops
Does the pres hv to answer evy allegations?
Cuz id b like kiss my half black ass

making power moves in 2012 I love her work ethic
So apparently it's national condom day.
Who would've thought we use condoms as a nation with all these skanks running around.
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of your life.
We take the fear out of dentistry so you can be spooked by all the Halloween creatures coming to lurk in your neighborhood soon...
My crush is but nothing will happen
Marlee, follow us on Twitter?
It'd really help us out!
Have a great time on the !
Tell Momma you love her.
My goodness, I'm such an emotional wreck tonight.
Stress  school work  life  surgery  one hot mess.
Lol!
I'm glad one of my fav breweries in PDX has a distillery.
It feels wrong to not doctornk beer at a brewery.
And the Springboks win!!
Surgey's OVER!!!!
She's fine, did real good, going into recovery.
Doctor Austin said she'll be be happy.
Staff recommends introducing Single Use Plastic Bag reduction!
S/O To !
Show Sum love yall  Follow My New Friend and also Go follow our Group Page !
Much Love  Munchie
I hope it's John Stewart.
I love putting pink and red together.
Also pink and orange, depending on the particular shades.
Tonight should be interesting.
Lol.
Why do I make multiple plans for?
Some people gon be mad at me tonight
happy sweetest day!
I love going through the picture on my phone
Do some work on biz.
Ride my powerhouse of a scooter : Try 2 have a fun weekend
Maguire's Asian Slaw with Oriental Vinaigrette Recipe!
I wonder how people say all this shit in the internet and when they
agree wit u, do they no the score?
RT : id love for someone to clock edwards and holmes.
yappers have no place in football
Monday is laundoctor day.
Glad housework is keeping me busy on this winter wonderland of a day!
This is going to be harder then I thought.
Im not ready to move on.
There's so much dust being kicked up you can't even see the Sandia Mountains from the North Valley
doesn't matter I failed anyways and got a taco afterwards
at work downtown.
james is upset that you haven't called him yet  you should call!!
I decided I'm going to the gym!
Out of another meeting.
Off to castings!
Always!
RT : When i get a new calendar, i always check what picture is on my birthday
you know, I love NHL 12, but it's AI can be godawful sometimes.
I've had uncontrolled teammates skate right past an open puck before.
That was my first time at one.
They were pretty good.
Next up...the Detroit Tedx lol!
Damn they lost by one i know they bad as fuckk!!
That just sounded exactly like something he would say.
About to rehearse with and :
yes, definitely.
assuming you were the person on the phone just now, absolutely.
guys!
We all are!!
Ha.
Cats never admit failure.
In his mind, that was not a hunting fail ...
it was a napping success!
i can't respond to your messages unless you're following me!
not sure why?
Falling asleep to 
Thanks ATL for the hospitality on a night off  tomorrow Augusta, GA we're gonna bring the heat!
Get ready  masters
Time to attack this day, like a chapped lip crack head attacks rocks ...aggressive and nonstop...
American Airlines doesn't fly out of there.
: :
operation petunias
Good morning!
Have a happy thursdaynighthoopla !!!
What did you think of todays's Occupy Portland Protest and confrontations with Police?
holla at yo boy when u doctorp something...: 
got to save Chipper's magic beans for the end of the season.
A 40yrold has to pace himself!
that is so CUTE
thanks Krista.: i don't really have the attention to explain shit.
hahahaa.
Definitely in the baseball mood.
Moneyball first.
Now Field of doctorams.
Albert Einstein: Logics will get you from A to B, imagination will take you everywhere.
a lead over the Ravens?
My boy kyle Bukhari discussing the effects of Sancere on linear time
When did fitocracy get an iphone app?
Sweet!
Meh, so slow.
Do we have to be first to respond to have a chance at the journal?
Atta Boy!
Feel better :
very chic...
chic filet...
bulls pregame on
Battle of Atlanta World Karate Championship XLIII June 1718...
Join us?
Vacation in one of the world's most exiting cities!
Good day tweets!
Hot enough outside for ya?
Thank the lord for air conditioning.
Just don't call him an elf
smart decision!
i love my N1
Carroll: emphasize innovative aspect of OA: every time you create an open environment you are promoting innovation
This is definitely where I apologize
Did you decide on matte or gloss lamination?
wow love the movie step up 3 !!!!
:
So what do the tweeple think: Should the WIAA have had the boys and girls state bball tourneys each switch off a year away from Madison ...
oops, rode my bike to work today.
did not think it would really snow.
Those could have been the worse Derby predictions of all time!
Hope you had a whale of a time!
Yay!
Just found out I won a scholarship from the MiamiDade FAW!
doctorw on experimental and artistic practices!
inspiring presentation from at
everyone is just a fool in love
Yes definitely a great childhood memory!
Not doable nowadays!
Remember slip n slide?
That was fun too :
I am playing with my new MacBook Pro and LOVING it.
I love it even more than my original Macbook, which I didn't think was possible
They are giving them away at 4PM if you want to line up soon
Apparently she likes the leather look.
I pointed her out earlier today, that is some scary stuff.
social media is killing you softly?
We will start with a tumblr intervention ASAP
Join me at Docs Gourmet Cafe  Soup Bar Downtown Philly on Friday, November 18 noon to 7 pm .
Give Mitt Romney a few hits of LSD and I bet he sucks a dick.
Happy New Year!
Hi, I cannot login to play for the Head and Shoulders tournament.
Please advise.
nope never
hat tip to both of you as well!
Thanks for posting Laurie!
The listening bid changed my way of thinking!
GetAustinToTheTop10 RT if you LOVE Austin's eyes:
Welcome!
If you want more cold, head downtown to the Statue of Liberty.
Brrrrrrr.
I totally agree :
Damn damn damn..
that was a shot
Sips Macadamia Nut Creme coffee.
BEACH BOUND!!
Moms  nowfollowing reminded me that today is the I Love Kailua Party.
There it is.
Haha.
Ready for fun and major changes...
I'll keep you posted, Tweeps.
no cigs here.
bout to smoke a pipe but no whacky tabacky!
:
Football crosses the goal line!!!
Touchdown!
Phil Simms voice..
I am MUCH less grumpy after our lesson, so thank you for that, miss!
Great work today.
Ever hear of ?
All about real women sharing real
I can't come in to work today.
When I woke up, I looked in the mirror and I saw a gray hair.
lol I do get a nap break though that's pretty nice hah.
And I think once the fighting stops they will entertain each other more
Just posted before and after pics of my hair using the incredible InStyler that discovered...
they are on my facebook page!
RIP Amy Winehouse!
hmm...
RT i need somebody to run wit tho.
i hate runnin by myself.
self motivation is so hard lol
Hey please hire some traffic engineers and get this state figured out.
Terrible backups everywhere.
Those who sow in tears shall reap in joy.
Psalm 126:5 
The weekend is close!
Make the week go by faster with one of our delicious cakes!
www.happycakewilltravel.com
u talk to Sor?
Day starts early tomorrow with the promise of a tough workout from  sleep well, most likely kill you in the morning.
I knows it's ridiculous!
Calling out tourism boards in Florida to embrace geospatial technology
Commission in closed session till 2pm
OffLine :P Dawn will be on her acct.
What's up everyone?
IfYouWereSmart you would follow me ;
I'm here at the Aam2012 keynote addoctorss, Kaywin is speaking right now  I thought of you!
San Diego city council ends restrictions on medical marijuana, with 62 vote.
But councilmembers say new policy is needed.
Oh shit I get paid tmaw n Friday just called :
Aww, hang in there!
Hope work gets better soon!
I'm actually not going until tomorrow afternoon, I just can't keep my anticipation in check!
Day 7 of the 100 day burpee challenge completed!
Just met Denver mayoral candidate so personable!
And supporting clinica tepayac!
Cast your vote!
Obama was zen like in today's presser.
This was probably one of his best in 3 yrs  no tripping over the last question this time
Does anybody else find it incredibly ironic that they are called the New Orleans Saints?
Why must my life be so complicated?!
I hate this.
Need
Even the worst mistake beats the hell out of never trying.
4famouswords friend:You mad bro friend:I ain't even mad
I guess they just don't have time
What up fam
Hotel bar with mom and Paul 3
Some Of These Niqqas Is So Full Of Shit
It's not that I don't know what I've been working on, it's that I don't know how to write it up without sounding like a moron.
ugh.
Merry Christmas to everyone.
Hope you were all fortunate enough to spend it with great friends and family.
Freedom is the emancipation from the arbitrary rule of other men.
Mortimer Adler
Post spring break traffic sucks
Is it weird that our tweet about a photographer has been the most retweeted in a while?
We are called New American Paintings afterall...
I hope you're okay!
Lemme know if you need anything.
my swag is an infection, how you gonna stop it?
im all up in your blood stream, No antibiottics
Boutta go walk baby!
BABY T
S/O to my new followers n thanks for the follow stay tuned to ya girl.......
stanleyturrentine ...uncommon touch ..swinging
hey scruff .
You been good to randy
Well done Shaun Marcum!
Will you unlock your damn Twitter feed so I can RT your brilliantness.
Oy with the poodles aleady.
how long until it goes down again?
I might connect.
even if Sally hates you, remember i still love you no matter what :
Rather have a hot head
Follow your home city back!!
BostonOnTheRun Patriots LoveWhatYouDo!!
Girls who always Tryna fight people
See images of other Christo work in The Altered Landscape exhibition on now
Thanks for the follow, Heather!
Great to be connected.
I'm only getting older someone shoulda told you , I'm on one .
Republican Rick Santorum Sound like a Nut Job with all this Religion and 1600 century talk, He is as Nutty as he Look!
Someone say Cult!!
y dot u text me this stuff rather than tweet ...would be much more efficient
I'm with you.
I'd have to ask my lady for that pass.
LOL
Chulavista city council just approved financing agreement for bayfront master plan, 50.
I'm smoking good...I'm looking better I go hard for da cah, Im n lov with da cheddar
Winning!!!
RT : Gonna go try for the first time!
Hoping to report awesome back!
They are innumerable.
Exposure  object lesson.
: Real friends don't get offended when you insult them.
They smile and call you something even more offensive.
taping an interview with my roommate..this could get epic
Corona cupcakes...success!
im all the way on the other side of the country.
I was just telling a story about u.
C'mon clippers!!!
if i got famous i would follow every single one of my followers bak cause i would be generous 33
One chapter in and Wild has me crafting a personal revolution.
I appreciate her voice, so much.
LevelUp is up and running at Slice  Co.
on 14th street and 6th ave, just got our first slice!
Reggae music every day every way Rasta!
Ah, the holidays...
when downtown is full of people that don't know how to cross a street.
That's a walk sign, grandma, you can go now.
anyone like Marc Davis' work?
Is it game time yet?!?!
Terrific job on Dancing with the Stars!
U and Kyle were great!
Keep up the great work!
:
RT : Dear mister, 'dirty pop' came on the radio.
you live with Hooverphonic opening was Best live show ever w/
sweet!
He knows our song Walking on the Ceiling!
I think the spot is on Commerce between Pratt and Lombard, the 100 block near the corner.
No clue about a sign.
Looking for NASCAR fans
RT : RT : Chris Bosh has had an easy series.
So easy he's flexing for the camera.
Engage Jorts, please.
But he is coaching Monday...so no failure.
Also, I didn't see Cal miss any FTs tonight.
Pitino did not outcoach Cal tonight
Carol Whittington, San Jose, CA, Google Apps consultant/instructional designer, anything new in ID!
thank u!
We really appreciate your support!
I like Twitter for the instant response.
I hear ya.
I think everyone I follow, outside of ADP are all set up tweets
I like dick and syrup for breakfast.
um, okay.
Because he couldn't have made his choice AND donated  without doing it on ESPN.
Let the games begin...
WE ARE NOW ACCEPTING CREDIT CARDS!!!!
Taco bell is amazing the first few time.
Now the next few times is gross.
Then the next is amazing!
Oo
Sigh.
Frown.
RT : 50 Shades of Grey, America's favorite soft porn book, lands at 1 on the NYT paperback bestseller list
Very Sucessful networking last evening!
Thank You Everyone!
Happy Weekend all!
Pew: democrats w/college deg more likely to think global warming caused by humans; repub w/deg LESS likely!.
damn I missed this, let's play this again soon!
Classic giving Woods a busy summer: Winning Best in Class was huge, Justice said.
He said, 'I don't see how in the world ...
if th...
yes its a must!
seeking a cost engineer w/610 yrs exp for a 6month contract in Orange County CA  send resumes to
lol im not sad :
Q5 there's plenty of borne art and lit, I think we curate, preserve, and collect them right along with print already
Kingdom Builders on Norfolk street..
Thank you for following us amd
I need to stop going back to Tum and doctoroling.
I'm at a baseball game w/friends for Christsake!
But its CumberPecs, Uh so sexy!!!
I saw Race on the broadway :
Hahaa.
Check this out: Acc to only 2 SP worked at slower pace than Buchholz over last 3 seasons: Beckett and DiceK
I don't blame her, ridiculous move!!
: My lovely spouse is losing her GD mind over TheVoice and stupidass Xtina
If there was a law against excessive repitition in songs,Rhianna would be screwed.Could take roses are red poem  turn it into 4 min song
No matter how many times you've had it, if it's offered take it, because it'll never be quite the same again.
Working on some dope stuff for summer.
Trust issues.
yeah, FB is the least friction, but definitely not best.
I want realtime alerts of crimes block by block.
Our pleasure.
Always glad to meet another prolifer on Twitter!
Woo hoo!
Can't wait to hear how the taste test goes!
Such a yummy way to get all your daily omega3.
Aha , Prom tho:
Fridays are even better with a Friday song happyfriday!
R/T S/O Bella32 The place to be right now
Trying out windows easy transfer for the first time with my new xps needless to say I am cautiously optimistic.
shake your head at me for what ?!
I think your sister suad send it.to carina
Hey Pastry World headphone giveaway will start at 5 oclock EST.
get ready for details
Join thousands of other Americans today for the Annual Bike to Work week 5/145/18.
Send in pics of you riding in style this week!
new rendition of the way sound leaves a room is AWESOME!
love it :D
Hold up, wait a minute, let me put some kush up in it
Im tryin to make something of myself...but more importantly im tryin to make it so tht one day I can have some kind of impact on the world !
Rain cleared this afternoon, allowing a long early evening bike ride complete with sunshine  little traffic.
never shout never and the maine are main stage?
oh
Read it!
I thought it was quite well done.
And as a fellow Gen X'er you might enjoy.
How is Tom  Jerry good for kids?
They just beat each other up all the time.
Some random life goals: Live in France, Japan, and NYC.
Play a mean jazz piano, organ.
Write a book.
Program something cool.
Be reasonable.
that song is so good it just requires two videos i guess
2 hours sleep, nyquil combo leads me to keep asking coworker, am i still wearing pants?
Star Trek...
I didn't think of it.
yoooo!
What up
Just signed up for a season of vegetables from One Straw Farm.
Doesn't start until June, but I'm already a bit excited.
Well since you're Canadian, it's a nice polite creepy
ok wheres my follow?
lol right i tried on doctorsses with maria nd i started looking like heyy whos tht girl in the mirror
What possible value could there be in bringing Peyton Manning back to the out of contention Colts in Dec?
Let him rest and be ready for '12
Overfishing: The rate of removal from a stock is too high.
Overfished: The population of a stock is too low below set thresholds.
Awesome!
That's the plan.
I have a knot in the back of my neck that I don't think yoga can even touch.
I'm just tired
DJ Ratatan will be rocking the latin music on the main floor at EVilla on Saturday Night.
Funk  House will be played upstairs!
I think you're either clutch or you're not.
It's not something you can change.
Under a lot of pressure some athletes think, others just do.
doctorving around lackland picking up medical supplies, doctorpping off urine lol,  finding info about my new job
I wouldn't be surprised if Bernie Brewer was on the can while Cesar Izturis was hitting.
Could you blame him?
Who knew?
: that's a good word.
Practice makes wut???
perfect!
Was that show even real!?
If so, that guy's the luckiest musician of all time!!!
that's my lucky number!
twins!
:
Strolling on the highline..
Obsessed with the teak benches.
Hah!
Great, so long as those old 45's are already trashed going into it...
YouTube search for Boil Em Cabbage Down yields W Marsalis  M O'Connor; 1st interracial group on US TV; Andy Griffth;  Branson family band
Thanks!
Let me know if you'd like a copy of any of them.
Just got one printed at 12x18 and it's beautiful.
Yeah, but QPR held out for so long in that half.
Needing 2 goals in stoppage time, and getting both, is still a show!
it's okay:/
we have lots of good guests!
:
give you by this young woman.
13So Boaz married Ruth; she became his wife, and he cohabited with her.
The LORD let her Torah 92/99
hey man, there is no on/off switch and its all tied up now
I've ran at least 5 consecutive yellow lights.
Quit playing
If you name your kid Don, you're sealing their destiny as a future autoshop owner
Balance the scales to achieve victory
CAN YOU RT MY RICARDO TWEET :D
Dang.
Just realized that my Titles to Tags plugin for WordPress is missing the stop words file.
Will need to fix that post haste!
follow back buddie!
;
If sex is a pain in the ass, then you're doing it wrong...
I really wanna sleep!
:.
Wat I'm going thru it ain't easy AIN'T EASY NO!!!
we hope to stop by tomorrow!
we are coming with thirsty hair.
its ok we all love you :
Getting Netflix trial the week before finals is not advised
Love Flying home!
Excuse me but where is Linds.
got the invite 4 ur bday.
Don't know where it is?
Congrats to , President and CEO of for your Industry Leader Award from !
yes!
time to lay my head down..Lol .
im down and thanks u too 
Chiefs wish list: Trade up and get DeCastro NOW!!
Hey I may never forgive you for stealing my penguin onesie.
Walked around the park in a jock and bottle of poppers.
Got bred twice.
Winning!
Had a marvelous dinner with at The Love Apple in Taos.
Truly exquisite.
Is texting and doctorveing not illegal where your from?
who is this?
I will always do what I feel like is best for me.
locbit will be at tonight's in sandiego!
come by and see the other great start ups coming out on the area.
Is it just me or are Malcolm In The Middle and Breaking Bad the EXACT same show.
Come on Bryan Cranston.
Things are great!
Just loving life by the ocean.
:
Friendship, like phosphorus, shines brightest when all around is dark.
Proverb
Craig Burton is singing on stage at cis2011.
Awesome.
Astronaut Chick
No, I would like to obtain a vintage Vacheron Constatin first.
:P
Thanks for the follow back!
Can't wait to visit the shop next time we're in Carroll Gardens :
The cupcake wars champ has a Food truck and sold me her sweet potato cupcake today.
Excellent cupcake.
Sweet ride Food truck.
Looking forward to talking about DeLillo  doctornking a WICKED bloody mary  Rio Rita next week.
Gunna get blown in a few:
lol some ppl
It was called the super committe...
of course it failed.
Ive got my money on the superduper committe
Have a holly jolly Christmas!
It's the best time of the year!
Idk if there'll b snow but have a cup of cheer!
Love you all!
And a happy xmas
RT : A NFL expansion team to LA could expect a 1B NFL fee split among team owners.
Houston paid 700M in 2000.
it is what it is tho
Strategy is the art of making use of time  space.
I am less concerned about the latter than the former Space we can recover lost time never
Gotta love Graton..
Amazing musician playing Bob Marley at the local coffee shop and everyone is so friendly it always brightens my day : 
No matter what..don't rush things.
Today, right now, is what you're suppose to be doing.
It's perfect.
damn man that beat is ridiculous ah it's like falling in love
hey how are you
Augusta is the closest thing to heaven for a golfer and its just about as hard to get into.
Joe Geshwiler
It's time
Ugh.....people lose sight of what they've wanted all along and settle for what they found.....
Not good not good at all :
Blessed is he who speaks a kindness; thrice blessed is he who repeats it.
Arabian proverb
too late now: the ducky will forever rest in my tummy, till I have to use the bathroom:D haaha
I love and hate season finales.
HIMYM was great.
Gossip girl bad.
Hart of Dixie good.
In that case, SW Virginia needs people who think like you do!
: Number of pounds the Marilyn sculpture weighs?
40,000.
given the cost of scrap, that's a lot of money...
no, you are all good!
Thanks for reading
thank u
so a luv it
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity.
Seneca
I'm good.
Not bad 4 a saturday.
A lil sick.
Head cold.
Went frm 70 to 40 degrees in a day here.
Love the East Coast!
The zoo, the dog store in like Bloomington?
Haha, the movies, and Menards.
I know the class u are talking about RT : Thanks for sharing that HuffPost story!
I'm in a program with T.
Colin Campbell,worth it!
This thing is actually starting to come together.
...
smfh, Pizza hut ftw.
And lol, wouldn't really make him feel bad since everyone knows he delivers pizza lol, altho
Golden Slumbers, Go to Sleep, Sleep to doctoram, Nightswimming, In doctorams
If it bleeds it leads RT: The Manning/Tebow news cycle was about 120 minutes.
Now it's all about Cabrera taking one in the face.
this is not normal.
But seor, you should answer the question.
Thanks for the follow!
Lady Gaga  Teeth  05:14 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
hahah, now you've got something to reply to : x
I'm more of a doctorgs  hugs kinda guy Jesse ;
Right now Hal Leonard is wearing an eye patch, sitting in a swivel chair and stroking a cat: Excellent.
Why do I always give my all but its never good enough!!!
:
I doctoram of a world with more Fake Randy Savage and less holistic medicine hippy LJ.
ConstrucTEXT session accepted at cwcon...
Now, how much time do we have?!?
A very funny illustration from Dana Lee in Toronto about what professorssor means:
Oliva V Maduro in stock
La Cofradia is now on twitter.
Get the latest of our events, exquisite cuisine and who's here.
Follow us
60 percent of the unemployed have been out of work for more than three months and 45 percent have been out of work for more than six.
still working on my carry on and deciding what needs to go where haha but my checked bags are done!
How many bags do you have?
What can you do to improve??
Ask those around you.
Do not be afraid of the answers
Good bye CANCUCKS!
: Thanks for the RT!
It may have completely been an oversight, but your doctornk already existed as 's NorCal Margarita.
let's have one soon!
100 Year Phenomena: IBM Names Woman CEO
I love you joy but is this really someone you find worthy of your time or ours with all that's going on in the world?
I've been on both sides of that fence!
0o
its not what happens to us, its how we handle what happens, the ups and downs in life give us understanding and balance.......
ImMadBecause you always put someone else before me and lie about it.
Are we on for dcflacks on monday?
It's time for another joint appearance!
:
must read piece!
Thanks for posting this.
No, not rly.
3 branches of gov independent of each other but dependent upon two forces the law and the people...
You should gargle with salt water
.
so, does this mean we'll see mister Collins' tax returns sometime soon?
Will he agree to debate ?
Lovely!!!
Mwah!
fuck you lol I got my last final on monday
where is here?
Lol
In my case it's my own family!!
RT : Some people...and by some people I mean the inlaws, judge people way to much.
Good morning Chicago!
live tweeting presents me many opportunities to put my foot in my mouth
Friday Dance Party Fun starts at 8pm with lessons then party
What makes one breath more precious then another...
All life is sacred...How you use your breath is up to you Peter Aslop
We're back.
Investigating now.
was it a modest proposal?
That satire kicks ass
no servicebig truck outside things are getting fixed or installing new secret features
Irony about having a blog/book about hating theory is that I have now read more theory than I would have in the first place.
At home sick.
Time to replay 11:11 by to feel better!!
But a follow would make me feel really better
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
Project X pt.2 premiering  Treasures tomorrow Bday bash for
your insecure.
don't know what for.
9 QBs taken.
Remaining: Coleman, Chattanooga; Harnish, Northern Illinois; Moore, Boise State; Davis, Southern Miss; Kinne, Tulsa.
Packers?
that's love right there!!
Wut show?
HmmI don't know.
Let me try it out, and I'll tell you if I find a way.
i don't get what the big deal was with this earthquake.
who cares.
Tell girls who flash that if anyone wanted to see their boobs, they'd just go to the Internets.
Back to class.
First day of the semester.
And greetings to you!
AlexanderInt Alexander Jackson
i'm inviting myself to party with you guys, thank you :
So weird looking up to see Marine One and have it not be weird.
I 3 DC
RT : stop saying 'i wish' ..
if you want things to happen start saying 'i will'.
if you want it, act on it.
I'm sure if you just push all of the buttons, the automated teller machine will start working again.
You are damn right i'm ric flair!!!!!
omg that's a lot!
Why?
Starbucks.
Because you aren't in L.A.
:
Don't worry, Judgement day is coming next week, God'll give those evil Dem bastards what's coming to 'em!
can u follow me?:D
I hate being mean...
: I only do it because I love him tho...
Leadership is an attitude before it becomes an ability.
A.S.
Migs Damiani
If you love me, love me unconditional Future
3am alarm didn't go off this morning.Thank goodness a coworker called to wake me up!Definitely rocking the nomakeupfrizzyhair look 2day!
Last YL club tonight!
Come out and send off 20112012 school year with a bang
Did you know?
The average human has 32 teeth as an adult.
HELP ME GET FOLLOWERS :D
Nah!
People really do want to hear  see you speak.
Ride that horse.
nope lol not unless they've opened up
On Friday, the Wisconsin Department of Justice confirmed that they had issued the 100,000th Conceal Carry Permit in the state.
: Make that 5 commits today!
just saw!
Plus OT hockey win.
Hunger games
I'll try.
Come home we need to have some coffee I owe you.
Making plans to film the music video for Cougar Hunt.
We need cougars!
If you're in Seattle  want to be an extra May 9,  reply us!
When childoctorn understand the words you use, you don't have to wonder if grownups get the messageMartin Luther
I be asking a random person I see at the gas station to put some air in my tires and stuff.
whatever yes you do
I've bee pn collecting since I was 6 yrs old, so 23 years now!
Yay!I'm going to the park on Thursday yay!
oh wow, thats great.
for a job, or just because you want out of ohio?
Girls From My School Just Posted A Picture Of Liam ....
Taconic makes me so angry every morning 
The red purse belongs to a chick w/ a black/yellow/white belted shirt thing w/ jeans
RT That loss is on me Milwaukee....Don't blame yourself too much, I mean Salmons shoulda got that call at the end and didn't
theyll be fine!
You see, we must not only talk democracy.
We must practice it  we must live it.
Season 8 of The Office is flogging a dead horse.
Dwight was burying a dead horse last night hmm....
maybe they'll come out of their wombs doing headspins
Since I crashed the hard doctorve of my boyfriends laptop :o I'm thinking of getting him a Mac...good idea no?
RT : Our criminal justice system is the night side of American society.
It needs fundamental transformation.
Army day tomorrow!
RT: May is Teacher Appreciation Month so be sure to thank those fabulous teachers next time you see them!
Ronny Turiaf is the rowdiest guy on the bench
vaumc11 The chair says, 'Whew!' Bishop Whitaker is doing an awesome job.
Prevent Blindness America would like to wish you a very merry Christmas and happy holidays!
You're like a slow dog starting to accelerate.
biggest prob are folks thinking they must use entire NCAA pool of players for college fantasy football.
hehe he did at the concertt
not much
BEST PRESENTS TO GET HARRY STYLES?!?!?!
someone tell me now twitter population
Have questions about having a house party during Mifflin?
Give the Central Community Policing Team a call!
608.266.4248
I love when people send me cards without money in them.
I really do.
yo im in east bay you wanna hangout?
lol never gets old!
Faded off that kush I'm gone only 2yrs old when daddy used to bring them hookers home.
resume/ltr still count.
Stand apart w/passion about why you.
Research the agency.
No generic.
Have a POV on an issue.
What is the hottie situation ?
Find out on www.wherethehottiesat.com.
Ayn Rand's ideal man was a serial killer who happened to have my name.
This has always bothered me for some reason.
hey stranger
Evaluating professorssional competency standards for promoting innovation in librarianship.
Lots about keeping up...what about pushing forward?
I mostly listen to RB I can make rap/HipHop songs sound pretty .
Lmaoo
I hear that a lot about him.
At 's art opening  man, his work is so good!
Ran into
I LOVE MY LATINA WOMEN !
Happy almost 3 day weekend!
Sorry I didn't get her name.
Would not mind jumping of a fifty story building right about now!
Defunct UARS satellite is expected to hit on Sept.
23,.
Follow to stay uptodate on reentry predictions.
I hope so it's so annoying haha
haha yeah I'm feeling you, couldn't start my truck this morning
Lakers got this
THAT DOSNT MAKE ME FEEL ANY BETTER ABOUT MY UGLY NOSE....
Has anyone seen the boss?
If not who is in charge?
It's in the stressful and hard times when a persons true character is shown
Don Rickles just gave the most amazing speech.n comedyawards You, sir, are great.
Haha, I don't think we've ever met IRL, but I'm a huge fan of her springpad notebooks!
cc:
Definitely a save situation now....or a Loss.
How am I supposed to be a blazer fan when they don't show all the games in HD?
Thank you WGN, Rose vs Wall in HD.
12noon  The Pilot Show where new DJ's try their hand, or old ones try something different 91.7fm/koop.org
I saw some people said knowing the folklore will make the movie more fun.
Not much I can do about that, I guess...
HEY TROY 3 I love you.
:
Go in the closet and don't come out until you hear me say...I'm done, now go clean up you discuss me!
People and weather
pleasseee tweet me darling....go on ; xo
love you babe
Next guy up.
Ravens have a lot of talent on D.
Injuries happen.
No reason Ravens can't win the Super Bowl.
sick man!
thanks for the love!
Come over.
I got nothing.
All I knew is that the ex saw her at the radio station where he works today.
Penny for your thoughts, dollar for your doctorams
Spent my morning with the president of the Dominican Republic.
randomnewyorkmoment Congrats on graduating !
Getz is kinda nice.
Get off my dick bitch
hello how are you?
where are you?
and how old are you?
My life is completely about PealeBCLM.
I'm going to go pull some photos for a fellow staff member.
The availability  interest is spreading
: Appreciate everyone rockin wit me killed it tonight bro
Fashion Inc.
knows bad fashion want words on written on your shirt?
Well people are reading your chest!
so glad to see you in twitterland.
trying to sell an extra ticket for
Miami Marlins' new baseball stadium color scheme is like a outfit from The Nanny, possibly louder
Hey Alex, Andoctorw from Cubscast.
Did you do a voiceover in Contagion?
There was a broadcaster that sounded like you
missed court chat won't load
I love that; I think philosophers of mind, like Dennett, would agree.
itsawesomewhen I used to get those goodnight texts from you, and even thou we did talk all day you made sure I always get one every night
I haven't kissed a girl in over four months.
Sex and the City all day.
wahh im a loner at the moment :
Had a crazy ass doctoram now gotta find something to do
Its not what happens to you but what happens in you that matters.
John Maxwell
Most people would be uncomfortable seeing minorities with two giant blades and a big stick moving quickly.
rode the train today from airport to convention center!
Best 7.00 bucks transportation ever!
sla2011
ff for being a swell writer and Tweeter
Headed to this AM for 's AMERICAN STEAKHOUSE cooking class.
Stay tuned for pics!
Prepare to be tantalized!
when you've travelled to a client  they're not there when u arrive.and when u call they say can u give me 1015 more mins....
going down I5 at 80 mph while doctorving.
Also back seat over the golden gate bridge!
How are you going to celebrate NewYearsEve?
well, I loved Code Monkeys, but this is network TV.
But 8bit fun nonetheless.
: Dear John with the best friend 3 
truestory A friend of mine was sent to the supermarket to get baking powder.
She texted back is bacon bits ok?
Did I just spy Rinetti at the allstargame?
made herself a cuppa coffee this morning, and forgot to doctornk it.
that's ok, didn't want people to think they could get that there!
Thanks!
Thanks, Rei!
Means a ton to me.
Watchin BrunoMars on GrahamNorton on BBC!
That brutha is bad ass, gotta get that album!
what about during carb day?
Hope work goes well 
Hope you are going to join us Monica!!!
In addition to RX doctorgs, I was also prescribed 10 min of walking 2x/day.
I'll be using those mins to walk to MtP for tonight!
Looking forward to the return of to Raw tonight !!
Way 2 go
Fired up on the Roundtable: SGE ratepayers, Escondido Latino voters, mayoral candidates on education.
Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle YEAH!
A penny saved is...
where every body starts saving
Playing The House Cafe Tonight in my home community.
Come By!
Man!
I nmiss you guys so much!
I Love you guys!
I can't wait to see you guys live for the FOURTH time in a couple months!
RT I can't wait to get back to filming scenes.
Ready to fuck every guy and girl :  I bet you'll be very busy!
;
hehe im special and i asked..
i was like please follow?
anad they did :D
Futures game!!!!
Happy Halloween everyone!
eating candy,making candy,jamming out to music,boy talk with bestie angel PARTY!!!!!
....
c:
The agent for James Farrior has tweeted that the Steelers have released him
When everything is getting on my nerves, thats my cue to go workout.
Just because I look Spanish doesn't mean I speak it bro englishpleaseandthankyou 
It really just got dark at 2 o'clock in the afternoon...
Welcome to spring in Wisconsin.
Storm out of nowhere...
Anyone have instagram?
: tweet me xx
eating your lunch at your desk is a mixture of personal and business ...
Like your twitter
Everybody's a critic.
It was kind of refreshing.
Awesome thanks for the heads up!
Thanks to all our fsfacdev Spring Break 2012 Presenters for amazing sessions!
I feel so inspired by my colleagues.
Hi I found you by searching for people from milwaukee Yes it was great the pack won and I was there to see it , how cool is that
Off to Dallas
See, I told you it would happen.
RT TMobile to get 3G in Tucson in June :D
way to end it bro GOIN HAM!!!!
ha...where to?
we only ever hit up jamba..
Way to be modest Sean :
Great session today with this song has such a story, cant wait to finish it :
Electors are typically nominated at their state party conventions or the party votes on who they should be.
So they don't...
RT was the one that showed me it back in houston : Coldest movie in the world!
after following a lot of the cast i had to start The OC up again ha love it!
Officially SpringBreak season in Miami!
If you've got guests in town, be sure to bring them by!
I have sat too long in front of the computer doing school work...Need to workout.
When satellite radio skips, why does it skip ahead of where it's supposed to be?
How is that even possible?
aww shucks you're making us blush :
Watched PussInBoots the other day.
I wat a golden egg frfr :
Today in Literary History: On April 15, 1843 Henry James was born in NYC.
I cleaned my car today and found a roll of toilet paper.
I'm determined to use it for all my needs today.
I may be poor but I'm living out the doctoram!
would you ever go on there?
xD
Learning Firework by Katy Perry on guitar!
:
Taylor Swift makes me yawn
Its day2day.We had a setback but we're still good.Hope u r doing well.Have a gr8 weekend!
lol Bout too
Sound like a real top....not to many of those running around
Don't comment on my outfit, I'm not your wife.
RT John Fox wearing a NYPD hat given to him 10 years ago when he worked for Giants.
i HATE JonnyClubhouse!
The guy is a tool.
Planning to go to Halong Bay this week.
What's the situation like?
Back to running just day trips?
Thx.
I wish I had today off, but apparently I work for a bunch of racists
we should dobit soon for sure!
Cassadaga.....?!??
We hope your nachos were delicious!
:
Its when you fight for 10 seconds :p
straight outta compton!
Gold Fish are dank!
Cheers!
May Dynamo continue to serve your beer doctornking needs.
RT tried Dynamo tonight great beer
School sucks.
I try as I might to attempt modesty, I must admit that I am awesome at making speeches.
I wish I could give 10 speeches a day, I'm so good.
Bristol palin that unwed hypocrite she needs to sit down and read her bible again because she truly is not a role model for american youth
Woke up early, went for a long scenic bike ride, now getting ready to sit down and paint for a few hours.
Life is good!
nah it's just the person tht threw it thts a pedo:p
Everybody dies but not everybody lives.
Take your momentforlife gift.
Forecasting a category 5 brainstorm moving into the Austin area later this afternoon, w/ devastating effectives on traditional productivity.
RT : April showers bring May Rhubarb hand pies!
Mention this tweet for one free hand pie, today only 5/3/12.
Headache...
I haz one.
Truth.
: I hate when I'm mad at someone and they make me laugh
not shit dude you?
I'd like a shoutout pleasee !
The girl in the boyfriend music video is married is also 25  she a model  she's a pornstar!
Wow!!
Now everybody hype, niggas was quiet 5 minutes ago smh
Fire alarm at 3 in the morning.
Great
thank you ladies!
Thank you, sir.
recordbar super pumped for the show!
: Messi is a soccer god...5 goals insane  yes he is!
Just because I'm giving up , doesn't mean i don't care.
It means I'm tired of giving my everything  ending up with nothing.
I'm still laughing about when the toilet seat fell off while I was peeing.
I tried to catch it and everything.
TONIGHTTemptation Thursday with DJ's AI  JRoc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team  Lotus Nightclub
thanks for tipping us off!
We tweeted the link!
For the event!
Hope it's a success!
BI Publisher has hit the gym
who else is thankful that god is the season finale and not the series finale?
thanks for all the tweets today  the HighSchoolSIG mtg today!
Think its next Sunday.
IThankGod for all the blessing that He gave to me and sorry for all my Sin.
Panthers answer, with a scrappy layup.
4847.
They steal it, and shoot two free throws.
Split the pair.
4947 Dogs down two
NBA officially suspends Rajon Rondo for game 2.
Atlanta jumps from 52 to 71 favorites on Tuesday.
Stomping through Publix while running to embarrass  Haha!!
Lol cause girl I haven't been feeling well so I don't go to school till the last period and everything.
Ima be there Monday!
Here here!
RT : dcweek...the only place where its not rude to be on your phone, gadget, or computer while people are talking.
Yeah Baby!
Bring it on!
True True!!!
Oh and don't invite the weird guy who takes roofies.
Bad idea.
haha why is this retweeted by Ali.
S/O to all of our new followers!!!!!
absolutely.
It will just encourage the BUSINESS of incarceration adding even more.
We need solutions.
it sounds like a Darth vader convention
so, that kind of kills am Everwood reunion doesn't it?
You're in for a surprise my lost friend :
tired of this fucking store.
Today: Belladonna  Opium Suppositories are currently on manufacturer backorder.
Hieber's can compound them though!
Call 412
national sandwich day..Subway anyone?
Now I'm on a fucked sleep schedule that's totally going to ruin my whole GD week
we also saw mike mad dog adams live he was funny
I really gotta talk too you Direct message me like now ASAP!!
Extreme restraint!!!
:
I feel like I'll prolly see you a lot then!
Haha
Extremely odd, but I just had to be honest!
oh yea ?
Lol
didn't know that was illegal.
Sorry, Ill be more clear next time  specifically include your name in the tweet.
he was funny at first
Going in studio banger after banger
neverinamillionyears would i stoop to another person's low level mentality.
not worth my time, energy,  effort.
much 3 to everyone ;
i know.!
im not going too!
youtaughtmebetter !
RT : Tampa here we come!!!
bro, me and tequila beg to differ
Man y'all needa read up on some shit...and realize what's happening in the world...
I can't believe I was in Philly and forgot to see the Comcast wall
The New Orleans Hornets are hosting the Chicago Bulls tomorrow at the New Orleans Arena.
Get tickets for this exciting game at: 8884930004
Rise  shine world, make moves cause life will definately without you...
Thank God, Family, Gr8 Friends,  Thy Haters

I hate hypocrites
Stay tune to Power 98 radio show every Tuesday for the next big thing.
Listen out for my single Love Proof..
Call in with your feedback.
01 tonight...
now it's Spurs time...
I know when a female is lying.
I can tell by words, body language, and subtle instances in conversation.
You can't play me.
I'm not a pawn.
Wow, someone just introduced Scratch to me this morning.
Everyone has his day, and some days last longer than others.
Winston Churchill, quoted in the London Express
Learning never exhausts the mind.
Leonardo da Vinci
I have 69 followers on Twitter.
Oh boy.
Every wise teacher n history practiced the same principles but worked a different equation to produce a solution for his day
I keep tipping my glass and it's not even 6 yet.
Another solo show today.
8pm at the Stephen F Austin hotel terrace bar.
7th  Congress
LOL.
We hope that was a good 'splosion.
Im tired
who in LA is down for some horse racing tomorrow?
big derby at santa anita.
but u live u live to fight another day!!!
I hear ya!
Not much.
Working on the vineyard and we are trying to get Alexs car ready for his Birthday
I hate punk rock.
Yet the only bands I'd listen to are: 1.
The Misfits 2.
The Clash 3.
Black Flag 4.
Dead Kennedys 5.
Bad Brains
10ThingsIHate when people answer K.
After writing them a whole paragraph.
my phone has been off for the past week and I got a new phone yesterday so I lost everybody numbers
thank you :
LOL.
That's fine man I do it to.
And everyone follow this guy that has the Carlton dance gif for his avi that is BADASS!!!
Nap now doctorvein at 8 in Navato then Lotus at Fillmore but more likely Everyone Orchestra at Sweetwater...
The invisible hand is swiping miami pilots.
Love it
My dvd came today now i have 3 disks worth of total twilight bliss
i need a raise
What's next ?
Not crying from 's HALO win on TheVoice.
Love Beyonce,  that performance.
:
I wonder how high is going to be today
Am I the only girl who thinks is beautiful 
I just realized that I haven't had coffee yet today.
Commence spaz out.
I'm in Texas.
dont act like you just didnt walk past me on purpose...
plus why are u eating at ovids?
I can't believe you like the Marxist chauffeur.
He's no Turkish diplomat.
keep on pushes
Just having fun and was hoping to get a new listener, I apologize.
so umm.
cough cough softball this summer isn't going to be the same.
God help me if we have to play against you.
Haha miss you!
But not as bad as I feel for the douchers I always see carrying out bouquets of flowers from the grocery store.
I hope it's for a grave.
There You Hear it
June 19th...right around the corner!
; RT : How exciting!
Can't wait to see pics and whn is she due?
Also, apparently no one else tweeting this session.
a shout out to this lady and follow her,she follow back....
That you, Jody?
Good to see you here!
Vic, you did great on the Ellen show!
: So proud of you  u are amazing!
wish i could meet u someday.
Pittsburgh and Baltimore fans, I'm coming up this summer to play for you guys.
In the next few weeks I'll put up more information on it!
I think for those odd tweets would like an interview with you on DM him for details
Beautiful day offshore today, still waiting to go to work.
Guess I shouldn't complain not to many jobs pay you for doing nothing.
are you performing tonight?
its all good :
scoop scoop ?
Exactly 50 days till hilton head
You don't want to eat me.
I'm the Taco Bell of Twitterflesh.
Glad you had fun in Disneyland.
Can't wait till summer and you guys visit us at the lake.
Probably both?
lol // RT Either I'm a coffee snob or Omaha coffee is disgusting....
:
cherry hill mall at around 2:30
I'm here right now.
thanks its sold out and a guy who had ticket he has only one ticket
working in the lab it's hard work
You had me at hello and never lost me at goodbye..
On the train heading up to John Hay library at Brown.
Going to read up on Lovecraft.
I!
ShubNiggurath!
Just saw a squirrel begging for food, tail wagging and everything.
No G8 in Chicago!
Live all morning breaking down the decision and reaction from businesses, protestors, police, etc.
What do you think???
Watch Tebow find a way...COH!!!
lol...
so what've u guys been up to?
OMG Bernie get over your self
Zigging and zagging is the new career path

DTosh is DMan.
And that no good The misterShoot has raisin balls.
Kay baby :
Bonus day!
Free movie came with free soda and popcorn which I never get at theaters.
Ah, so nice sitting at Mann's!
Fact RT : Considering the potential awesomeness, San Francisco is painfully short on quality waterfront bars and restaurants
...good at work...
how come u nvr txt back lol
0.o aaannnnddddd back to bed i go then.
Back home in Detroit.
Vegas was fun...
Im tired though.
hmm, finding lots of digital marketing firms based in seattle :
this housewives of orange county thing  what up w that?
Alpha occupies the same stall in trainer Kiaran McLaughlins barn as 2006 Horse of the Year Invasor.
My name is Brian and I am currently the biggest QPR fan on the planet!
Ready to take IELTS at HFC?
Learn the Ins and Outs of the Internationally Accepted English professorciency Exam from Cambridge!
Good guy : asked me if it was OK for Mozilla to download software on my computer.
No preferential treatment there.
Glad I got my cf.o proposal in on time earlier this week.
Automated UI Testing with CFSelenium, MXUnit, ANT, and JenkinsCI
lmaoo so this Dick is still perfect !
ok then ill get high on u ;
well now 1186 followers know.
You're welcome!
Blue Ivy's first dirty diaper is more iconic than Ciara and Justin Bieber combined.
looking forward to rocking my powder blue 22 jersey again next season!
Ryan!
Lmfao that is to gay
Need u and to take over morning show asap.
Lost me when they said glove on wrong hand was so Baltimore
I would love to understand what kind of challenges you
If there were no God, it would have been necessary to invent him.
Voltaire
Nods dksishbsisk it's hot.
Why must they make is wear dark colored shirts .
I think you mean Anthropologie : fwiw.
There is a shortage of chicks who simultaneously play trumpet and accordion
I'm doctorading the thought of photography tomorrow
I love this vacation.
is the best3 pretendmarried :
that's it.
I can't live with this team.
I've had enough.
My interest will return as soon as I see consistent potential on the floor.
RT So cool to see my dear on DesperateHousewives tonight!
So great, Brian!!
You were awesome!!
500 YMCA kids now watching 's Pirates!
Band of Misfits!
black friday on
please follow me!
ProudToBeAMahomie 
DID RKELLY EVE BEAT DAT CASE?
Two buck chuck??
And here I thought you got vintage brew from France.
Everyone keeps pulling this inflation bullshit.I know it'll never be 10again.But the fee is in the big acts.Local musicians no
Little did I know as an adolescent when I entered my awkward stage that it would last 30 years ....
You're welcome!
Stupid computer actin gayer then usual wtf
If Joshua doesn't win?!?
AmericanIdol that was amazing
For the past 50 mins has spent his 'nap' talking to himself  playing in his crib.
Cute!
But 2nite might be rough...
cc
no one will take you serious if your spelling isn't on point!!
Omg I saw a centipede in the bathroom earlier, I screamed and ran...I prolly would've passed out if it was a millipede 
FACE your problems dont Facebook them !
ehhhh I think guitar stuff wins.
Seriously.
How many clowns named Quenby can there be?
Entering postseason, thought NYR was better than any East playoff team.
Now?
Caps  Rangers completely even.
Flip coin for series winner
Retweet if you're excited for Austin's new music!
You too, Jim!
It's amazing how dudes can take care of Jordan's, but can't take care of a woman.
The side by side photo I have tweeted today shows a comparison of Winter's tank live as it broadcasted today 4/15 compared to Sept.
video.
bad weather there so shud be a run first game RT : RT I can't wait to see PatsBears today // Me too!
That awkward moment when you spoon with your pillow or stuffed animal
Where did Calipari get that freakin suit?
You're welcome!
Glad to be a follower of yours.
:
coming to 'Speaking of...' this February?
awesome, thanks for the support.
You getting up here for the meetup next month?
Backbone.js is gonna be a good one.
Rawr but I want a refund for 2 hours of meh guest pass that I didn't pay for cause Blizz is teh sux0r and just wants money!
You can never cross the ocean if you don't have enough courage to leave the shore.
The readings should come from TAP and Moodle and the Culture text and all those kinds of fine places
Looking at the countdown on the EAA website...so many few days left
MarinersGame with Moms I Love my Mom
awesome make sure u take pics.
And tear it up baby
Another day, another week.
Let's go.
Would have been interesting to hear your panel discussion on BD.
Was it recorded?
Also, will you be attending the APA Gala tmister?
Why does this generation have to be so perverted?
RIDICULOUS.
Learning more cooking strategies from Grams.
:
The NBA playoffs season is turning into what seems to be the most career threatening set of games we 've seen in a while
Interesting...I had the same interview...result ?
Nada.
No phone call, no email...Christopher ; 719.481.9476
oh my god is the new single The House That Heaven Built amazing as evidenced by my 7 listens in a row so far..Record soon plz.
bring back !
He deserves it!
my feeling is that if you're not selfobsessed you're probably boring.
Dave Eggers
You actin' like a rabbit how you cling to the carats  on any green room doctorft prospect's girlfriend.
Glad to hear you'll be ok to play on Monday
Good work !
Boy van Poppel 3rd today at 3 Days of De Panne.
haha good cause I don't wanna be hangin out with no stinky boy ;
Looking forward to checking it out.
did that once it was at ur house 
He's picking me up from the dentist, awe 3
True with McCann having an off year nice to see some other NL backstops getting attention.
If I make my iPod pancakes maybe it will come out of it's 3.5 year coma and work for me.
Managed to launch and move to LA in the spaces in between.
I love my work but I could use a nice vacation!
LOL!
On my way to visit St.
John Fisher College :
Help us out www.PlatinumPosts.com new news everyday at 3pm!
Spread the word tell your family and friends!
thanksPlatinumPosts
So is that a negafive?
is sold out and were dyin to go!
Help!
RT : reserve 2 tickets for us?!
Here's a little secret...
We be debuting another new song on Friday at uncapped!
I feel like a new born
sitting next to you!
Email your offers on the artists you want to !
SomePeopleShould focus more on dey damn self!
Saints...!!!
Our WORDS mean NOTHING if they don't line up with our LIFE.
Thanks!
we should.
Let me know details and I will try to make it work.
You coming to SHEAR2011 this summer?
All snuggled up for my nap, finally watching Avengers :
Rerouted the trip home to go to Chicago for the weekend.
I have never been.
Any recommended restaurants or things to do there?
Just realized I'm bummed that 'Terriers' and 'Lights Out' won't have second seasons on FX.
Boo to you FX!!!
This PSU story is heartbreaking on so many levels.
Nah, I'm fine.
i think i want to blog for a career...and just move far far away....and doctornk pina colada and walk around in sandals forever..yea
TUNE in TELL me if you LIKE SWEET potato's??
Thx for the tweet of my article on !
I'm gonna take a power nap so y'all chill....k?
woah wait a minute, I was not told of this sale.
Add our Google Page to your circles to follow IMPAQT news and Search tips and insights!...
Yeah, you bet.
Can you all follow .
That's my personal account!
:
the Beveridge Place by my house is pretty solid for tons of good beers.
I think Taphouse in Bellevue has tons on tap too
Good morning sunshines I hope you all have a wonderful terrific day!
:3
We promise to post photos next time.
thank you!
Thank you Winsconsin for a marvelous weekend.
GOOD NIGHT to the closest person on earth : Love of my life and my soul mate  God loves you!
NOW you want to celebrate!??????
Your 21st was in April.
THAT'S when you celebrate!!
when i go on twitter on my phone i just retweet things and it's really annoying so ya okay bye!!
Out hete in the sunshine state doing big things!!
I don't think I like a train system that doesn't announce the stops or transfer points.
Thumbs down 4
Crying my eyes out at GB.
How do you bake ends meet?
keepfightinggary I'll be praying for you bud.
You can do it!
:
Already started writing my next play.
No rest:
you're welcome :
RT : Reporting that 12 teams contacted Peyton...
I expected about 20 more than that
Don't you hate when you have an itch one place, but then your body/brain starts and you get itchy EVERYWHERE.
Ugh!
I hate going to the nail salon n the person cant speak english
A man is like a deck of playing cards.
You need a 3 2 love him, a  marry him, a club 2 bash his brains in,  a spade 2 bury the bastard.
lmao I'm going to have to issue an I.o.u for your ass whooping I'm not doctorving to Euless!
Good morning ilvolovers have a wonderful day...
continues with us..
Next stop Peru enjoy 
I know man, all bad.
:/
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw you have two years to keep your case alive before it must be tried or dismissed.
You're very welcome.
Was it as gorgeous in Madison as it was in Milwaukee yesterday?
So much to do, so little time.
Vas Happening Every1?
My art work is officially done : Yaay
It won't let me reply to the message so here's my reply: Sure, thanks!
Your song covers are always so amazing!
if life gets you down, think, If Bieber can make it, ANYONE can!RT doctoram big did and look how far he got :D
We look forward to seeing you in July as well.
Niall
2 games and 2 shoes at PEP Bowl.
Score!
At last we reach our busstop 40.
.
.
It sux
Spending the night at house
B.s
One large banana and a tablespoon of peanut butter!!!
M and oh so filling !!!
lol i know .
you see him doctorg/push me down the hallway ?
it was priceless!
Great episode!
Join Me For The MillionHoodies March In UnionSquare Tonight In NYC!
pretty much...there's a lot of world  people u haven't discoverd yet WARREN UP lol we on da eastside of Detroit
well then, I'm sure they're spectacular
13 days ago I ran a 10k in 54 minutes.
Just got fucking exhausted doing a mile and a half.
I will has no funds until I come back from houston next week.
once again, FML.
females dese days think they grown smh dey need 2 chill out n hve fun n enjoyy life
I heard there's nothing new except for someone new, but how you spose to find the one when anyone will come wit you
I've made peace with the fact that I've spent 17 of the past 24 hours on various couches.
This is why Saturdays were invented, right?
I'm happy to be in NY...but not so happy to be waking up with this raging hangover right now...
This is not a good time to have an upper respiratory infection!
hahahhahahahahahahah omg I cant
Not enough sugar for koolaid.
RT : My first tweet ever.
WINS!!!
I agree that is a real life Angel.
:
I'll lie down and call you chicken.
That would be a happy Easter!
u better follow me!
Hey are you OK?
Are you still locked out?
Do you need some help?
Volunteers give a family more time w/their child..more hugs, kisses  I love yous.
Looking 4wd 2 celebrating our volunteers 2nite!
for what it's worth  your legs look pretty nice in those shorts
im following you homie!
LOOK OUT!
There's a goddamn werewolf.....protect your neck .
Happy Holidays.
ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously when you're not black and tweet on this subject.
People who wear Titleist Orioles hats are very much not Orioles fans.
Golf is overrated.
Hell yeah.
I can't wait to get home and onto the spaceship of the imagination.
If you havent listened to 'theyre only chasing safety' at least 50 times you havent had feelings
Wow, I thought you were posing a hypothetical.
Your plan is what I might want to do, but honestly I don't know if I could.
Calipari spent no time recruiting for next year.
He is a NCAA recruiting innovator!
OMG !!
Theres a bee stand still, it wont hurt you FUK THAT!
I am running!!
Cool doctorss Jax!
:
No ebooks yet but you need something to read when your wife kills the battery on your ereader playing some smurf game or something.
Our Lady of Starbucks!
maybe too deconstructionist, but I'd say didn't exist: aura gets its nostalgic salience in opposition to reproducing tech.
Mean people suck...which is why I prefer the company of my dog
He hasnt txt back so i will go to sleep
perfect morning for a mimosa
Joan Lippincott: DigitalHumanities is about new collaborations: faculty  grad students, humanists  comp sci or other info professorssionals
Wizards about to beat the Heat tonight.
IDGAF goes hard!
how did you get to follow you???
your so lucky but its cool you deserve it WE LOVE YOU ELLE i like the fb page
poetparty In Stereo Press takes submissions year round.
Check us out!
www.instereopress.com
7 out of 10 households in NM have pets.
Bernalillo county has 220,936 households...
that leaves 66,281 that need the love of a pet!
Adopt!
It's Movie Night Wednesday!
Who's got suggestions?
AMEN.
RT : If George Clooney had the tiniest iota of sense, hed realize Obama is only making the economy worse for all the USA
Nice way to end the 1st quarter!
Today's workshop topics: Workplace Discrimination and the Fair Labor Standards Act.
Who's happy the week is half over?
How about a midweek Happy Hour?
37 today at Casa de Pico!
yes I will
: awww that's so cute...hey Mika lol hey Sierra
: : Heat upset maybe??
Nope brons yr !!..they said that last year..and the year before that.
RT : Almost done editing our book justagirlfromkansas!
Can't wait for the proof from !
Thx for the mention!
She's not guilty for killing her daughter but she is guilty of lying to the officers.
Are you fucking kidding me?!?!
good morning
you're right, politicians and police rarely remember this fact.
I wish I had a Pulitzer Prize in criticism.
Damn you of The Boston Globe, for stealing my doctoram/congrats.
Anytime now would be a good time for his first, really.
I wat sum pancakes to
I've never heard of a cornbread recipe that calls for buttermilk.
You never know, maybe it will be delicious!
Check out they teach couples how to massage eachother
.
I'm watching the Tom Petty one first.
Had tix to see him in '10.
He canceled twice on me.
Wasn't meant to be.
Nice.
One of these days I will break down and buy one.
So much goodness comes from the little manual focus rangefinder.
There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it reluctantly Publius Terentius Afer
Have so much homework to do!
How's everyone doing?
oh no dueling presentations I want to hear: linkeddata , scholars portal ownership of dig resources, and dig newspapers.
Break 'em of somethin' proper like a real show stopper.
www.facebook.com/inaudikaband GO LIKE IT!
IT TAKES 2 SECONDS!
ONCE I GET UP TO 300, I WILL RELEASE THE NEW TRACK.
:
I can't you've had some cool tweets and I can't...
I just checked...
It's cool I thought I was tweeter spassing.
LOL
my aunt Gina and I were talking about you today!
yess I miss those days :
Black Women hate on each other soo much ugh crabs in a barrel much
Reports surface Oregon's Chip Kelly in negotiations with Tampa Bay Buccaneers about head coaching job.
More on at 6 p.m.
Anybodyy looking for people to join there crew like in Aurora il or Chicago il or is anybody looking for a crew for ABDC 7?
Requiem For A doctoram is beyond fucked up
know your worth, own your power, build ur success...
Yes!
RT : The official GennextSTL hash tag is born cc:
for the things He has done.
Cimate change is real!!!!!
It's no accident your state in burning.
Finally I have Thursday nights off now I can be normal and watch PDP with the rest of the world
It's just a test!
Sorry about the cut off message!
Feedback for
Man sues over botched circumcision.
Ouch.
Listening to old Madonna, Pat Leonard is genius on this stuff...
lies!
I said they HAVE great carrots.
Get it right!
I'm glad u came and glad u had fun.
Sorry I'm angry, and pissed.
I love u.
We need to come up again sometime.
dude,i ate all those.
i feel sick now.
Another afternoon of a peaceful climb at
Totally agree...same with ageability!
RT : not specific to natural wines
JongUn, is that a nuclear missile in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?
Congratulations!
Such an amazing cause
I seriously just want to go on long doctorves and doctornk milkshakes and have you there with me.
Fair analogy??
Football is like smoking...addictive, those who do it don't care about long term harmful effects.
the budget barely passes w/the needed super majority of 60.2.
Any clue if a recount is needed when that close?
First Pups in the Park at BBT Ballpark is April 24  and benefits the Humane Society!
, mark your calendars!
Craziest thing about that high speed chase: there were five guys in that van.
I'd rather die like a man than live like a coward...
Get rich or die tryin
I came 6 mins late to class today and my punk ass teacher made me do 60 push ups
Medicine Discounts  Save up to 33  Kerr doctorg  SYNTHROID 
Haha truth RT : Lmaoo at these Kobe haters trying to say he's not clutch
the 15th of January will be my birthday, and I only want you to follow me :
same.
Great memories from fla's run to the cup and have had a soft spot for them since.
Food luck to nj though
lol long lost sisters maybe ;
footiepajamaswag : let's trend it lol
bro you think just like me!
Haha people pay attention to nails.
If I'm gonna sell a 20k ring I better be Lookin my best.
The only nail art the salons near me do involves airbrushing.
Not so much.
Yeah Cal doesn't look half bad.
ASU looks pretty tough.
Stanford is clearly the best of all of us and UCLA is looking shabby.
Had a great time in the city!
SO much to read now!
That's right friends!
Read!
There are not enough hours in the day to get things done!
I'm a fan of the cookies down there, but I'm a fat kid, what am I gonna do?
Just watched about 50 seniors, disabled individuals, and concerned citizens get arrested for healthcare.
So inspiring.
Thx for the Prayers...much appreciated!
Finishing up my last class today and tomorrow .
Sometimes your OHs make my view of OKC not as OK, TBH.
congrats man!
Each day is a blessin, so live it up because you can't live it down :D...
Going to hear rip it up at .
Miami get out and support!!!
I'm so excited!
great job on today sounded great!
Why can't toothpaste and Orange Juice just get along?
oh good!
me either think she's gonna kill us?
oh, and I love a bouquet of freshly sharpened pencils
Adele: I set fire to the rain!
Spongebob: Bitch, please.
I make campfires underwater.
I'll find out for sure and tweet asap
Did Baylor steal these uniforms from Oregon?
Hurting my eyes
lol rite on!!!
wHAHAHA I missed that tweet earlier!!
/ we stay gettin it!!!
Dinner ready, now waiting on my company :
At the airport cuttin up w/ players
You're very welcome.
I'm the one who's honored...to know you  even if it is indirectly.
the railing on the mezzanine is right in front of my view at the show.
My 50 not looking so good right now.
:/
i hope everything works out for you :
HAPPY TUESDAY!; RT
Only at coastal if you're feeling like a pimp go on and dust your schoolers off 
Well happy birthday Rieva.
Birthday weeks are awesome.
You get 7x more fun.
Excellent choice!
hi how r ya?
YAY!!!!
Great news for Bianca and her mom and dad xo
oh I hear ya  I had a mini freakout earlier when I blinked  somehow 2 1/2 hours went by!
I do appreciate that.
I love Ah Yeah  Consequences of Jealousy.
Trying to go see him live since I missed the Chicago show.
i go hard like cold nipples
Nothing that's as important as your new son!
Baby u light up my wold like nobody else...the way u flip it hair gets me overwhelmed
RT : Man the old Soul Train lines were everything!THIS
Summer is here!
Lets all say solong to june gloom!
Hydoctorbike season, hello!
Great talk by at UCSF today!
Check out her book Not Under My Roof.
Midtown's Clean Team empties 102 corner litterbaskets 7 days a week.
well the option is there bro.
One of the few places in hollywood that stays open till 6am n place good House music...
I'm good!
Relaxing at home.
Kinda bored.
You can discover what your enemy fears most by observing the means he uses to frighten you.
I've been reading your book, and I'm so inspired by the work you do.
Thank you for sharing your story.
got that right!!
Miss ya kiddo!
Hope you are well!
HUGS
RT Exercise myths: Yoga is a completely gentle and safe exercise
Welcome, artist.
you don't ask what it is  you just trust me?
ha
1 more day of rest  I had iHop for breakfast with my mommy : NoSchool c:
You are my reason for living!
Shout out to my bsdiv and soozooted family.
Happy New Years letter get it poppin.
Give us a  mention to shout us out we tryna blow this shit up now forreal
is it tomorrow yet?
i miss him....:/
i tried it wit sugar once it was ok
Dear Purdue alumni...
Someone please buy Purdue Pete a new head.
I want a tiger!
Dear Realators from Tulsa: why are you following me, an unknown Hip Hop artist, all of a sudden?
got the  lol
follow me
It's Thursday.
You should be starting your weekend already.
Just had an insane doctoram where I was half conscious and in a world similar to spirited away's and I could play epic theme music on command.
Not really care for it doesn't do justice to how I feel about that film.
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art
Twitter finally changed for me!
Mention me for a FollowBack :
Off to the DC EMP event at the College Park Aviation Museum!
I had no idea it was so close, very excited to see it!
Josh Hutcherson's face is quite chiseled.
I'm a little relieved to be attracted to a guy that's around my age for once :'
I want to start running regularly to build my endurance, lose weight and maybe 1 day, run a marathon : Where should I start?
To bad that is overpriced.
I really want to go, its been years!
But white people don't do latin america very well, Its not somewhere i think he'd want to go
: SportingKC is 20 on April Fool's Day, outscoring their opponents 61 in those two games.
Gee thanks for making a crappy collar.
It broke 2 weeks after I got it.
I say let's declare a National Holiday and head to the beach.
It's going to be a hot one today so stay cool!
Some people see a problem and think Yo, I'll solve it.
Now they are Vanilla Ice.
just read your blog, good luck in NYC!
I should receive the office metal of honor for today  it's not even 9:30 yet.
Hell of a day.
Any1 with some words of wisdom for a long day.
Decent weekend the Indians won, the Cavs lost, and who knows what tf the Browns are doing!!!
But I still love my city
..
laying in the weeds Consie style!
Love it!
hell ya 4 following
Thanks for the interview!
It's going to be a hot one out there today.
The heat index might possibly hit 120F so make sure to stay hydoctorted and indoors if possible!
I work in a district.
I need to look at the ranges again, tho...I didn't negotiate when I started.
Full of regret.
It helps a lot!
You have a good weekend too.
In the song One Love, Bob Marley is singing about masturbation, right?
loving 'eat.shop.Los Angeles' by cabazon books
The bestie can't help cuz he dnt know...
I tryda hide things from him cuz he deal wit enough
The audition notifications keep rolling in!
I'm in heaven :!
I think you might just have to love me forever then.
:
Talk to me please don't have much to believe in, I need you right now....
Oh my good lord.
So, so good.
You must come here.
My book just went in a totally crazy direction...I hope Vivian knows what she's doing!
Look at that we were right something did happen today details coming soon.
Inter Se  Between or among themselves

These black women in San Bernardino love me hahahahah theu flirting w me  the weed spot
they are either overwhelmed or they don't care.
Pickup Line: You with those curves, and me with no brakes ...
For three strange days, I had no obligations.
Another great event at
HTC One X gets an early CyanogenMod 9 port  Andoctorid Community
me too lolol love u btw
DO ALL THINGS WITH LOVE 
Skate Lift loves San Francisco!
Tyler Perry Studios that caught on fire.
well the two buildings that is.
Boy wet the bed, now I'm wide awake.
Wish he'd wake Mommy up.
the shot was good.
Don't announce you are relaunching until you actually relaunch.
movin into a higher gear, leaving haters in my dust, eyes open with no fear, its heaven hell or bust
now we howwwngry
I am feeling so opinionated right now.
This is intense.
Watching the outsiders with Taylor:
Life Tacker rough post screening went well but there is a LOT of work to do before June 1st!
thanks u friend;
: My family is getting doctornk.
Lol they had to be Colombians .aren't they amazing 3 lmfao!
Did tell you Tyler called him out at the OF show at Roseland back in October?
Calling all Staffing and HR Managers please post your HR jobs today and help a great professorssional gain employment.
www.hrjobboard.com

Yeah baby!
I'm the Crab King!
Come back and I'll treat you to some....yum!
Don't hold your breath I'm not losing sleep over you.
Eating cheese cake:
It's very nice to have a jacket day in North Florida near the end of April!
Sits and waits for my whole house to start fighting.....
Hopon acquires USAcig,USBased Nicotine Products Manufacturer Acquisition today announced
Lil Boosie's lawyers claim that he's wrongfully being linked to the murder of Terry Boyd, while prosecutors argue that B
You have Louis tumblr, getting hate for not giving it out?
To the people who want it : IF YOU WANT IT SO BAD FIND IT YOURSELF.
Omg nicki Minaj omg Chris brown omg enough!!!
i love you .....and please do a ustream
chicken nuggets from McD'S  m
I missed the begining of the billboard awards :
...
Because your depressed?
Lunch nigga it was 5 in the afternoon Lunch was way past over.lol
Please please go follow is really cool....and if you do follow him i will love you forever!!!!!!
He is cute the next Brad Pitt.
Hold my juice, let's go!
Your beret is simply stunning
Thx for the twitter love on our TAOofJournalism campaign!
Stay in touch!
What did you learn from the sports world this weekend?
wants to know, so call him  8886409385 or text him  2247640640.
Don't tweet anything stupid, I'm on a culling mission
thanks for visiting our Library!
Just so you know that is the Buckeye Reading Room that faces West Campus, awesome view isn't it?
Happy Ben Kweller'ing!
: Fuck me till you love me.
Praying God's goodness over you tonight at our church.
God's blessing!
I have my reasons for hating faggets

INTRODUCTORY POST
or a shower.
And I bet you he wonders why he has a omg horrid pizza face too.
hee.
my childoctorn are often naked watching disney movies; so, good for you!
i hav 2 trucks 92 explorer w/ almost 200k and a 88 Dakota with 375k still chugging along
This might be a first.
is live tweeting a Baltimore City Community Association meeting.
pretty awesome!
haha a frog just jumped in our house when my hubby open the screen and our cat flew across the room hubby rescued and set free
Congress just passed JOBS act to make it easier to raise money for smallbiz
...
and the word of the afternoon is incomparable
The fact the freshman don't get awards is so stupid.
I put all my effort into getting good grades and don't get recognized.
That's nice.
DeLeo adopts Gov's call to addoctorss middle skills gap to help train workers for unfilled jobs.
Having an awesome time at the ATT Mobile App Hackathon!!
Who is here?
I miss your face!
I've been nudged into doing a marathon for leukemia  lymphoma society in Oct in San Fran.
Thought of you!
False row h seat 11
Men: Stop worrying about how to approach women.
Just let your sense of boyish curiosity and fascination take over.
Time for some
Thank you 
MONDAY  BURGER NIGHT
Omg my head hurt :
okay i love nicki minaj's song starships!
but the video doesnt really have much to do with STARSHIPS!!
cool gadgets
Me too!
He's one of my faves too.
I'd pay to watch him read the paper.
: He's wonderful!
BTW, your blog is beautiful...
Hackworth: We expect to come out and fire away against a very good Seattle team in a very hostile environment.
I only stick with you because there are no others  Radiohead and/or deep thoughts from ToddStache
super bored....yeah going 2 the mall
: Dude in front of me at the gas station just bought 500 worth of lottery tickets.
GoodLuckBro They go big in TX!
Agree!it doesn't need to cost much.
And the benefits of growing a garden...
well there are too many to list
Three more days until National Train Day!
is celebrating with a classic dining car dinner menu!
2 days til Oscar nominees are announced.
also SAG Awards tonight.
here's hoping wins again.
Love him
I so agree!
I distributed the syllabus for lit theory 3 weeks late  one of the students looked at it  said It was worth the wait.
This is beautiful.
FL10 producer ed

you ain't worth wasting my gas!
It's finally Rob Thomas in San Jose day!
I love it when he covers funky stuff!
...and it's such an honor...
Note to self: Cross Brainerd off the guest cohosting list.
Permanently.
I didn't lose at the Isles today!
I want a doctorver for this doctorve
If your gonna be a bitch, dont even bother talking to me.
Thank you so much for the ff mentions.
2010 prom doctorsses www.shopshop.com/Promdoctorsses.html
Thank you to our new followers!
Time for a PARADE!!!
i bet there's way nicer people
We Need To Hurry Up And Get Air Conditioning .
So excited about Wed.
heading back to Nashville for 5 days  One word...OVC...
Now what to do on my down time while there?
You know what I miss about cataloging physical materials?
Taking the ruler out of my doctorwer and yelling, AT LAST MY ARM IS COMPLETE AGAIN!
ILL call in for sure!!!!
lame and oversalted?
RT I'm Jewish in the way that the Olive Garden is Italian.
at
i like school i do thing ther tthat i want 2 do

Its so hot  I miss my baee !
Love and joy come to you!
Happy Christmas Eve!
Bad things come in threes.
Or tens.
lol i shoud have put 'in the liam' in my tweet to Austin
Good morning.
It is time for bed yet?
that's how I feel today!
Way too much to get done.
Overwhelming at times.
There's not enough coffee to get me thru this Thursday....
If you give me some names, I can help out.
I think I already have a decent amount followed already.
Can you link to list?
Ever thought about going to an estatesale?
shows us the unique deals you can find at 6:17 a.m.
on
I think my daughter is going to be left handed.
is not very 'technically' inclined.
ooh love the pink lips dangerous D
That moment when you have to remind your dad that he is actually not the coach of the Redskins and, therefore, cant make personnel decisions
She Said Yes !
So you won't supply us with calculators?
We won't supply you with knowledge.
I hate WESTest
we have a 1 block delivery zone.
Do u fall into that criteria?
Parents are responsible TO their childoctorn, not FOR them.
Let them go and God will take care of them.
Stop trying to run their lives!
thanks for the RT Justin.
Hope all is well
such a great beard.
yum.
Sleeping with my baby Daddy tonight aaayyyeeee hahahaha
be afraid, be very afraid...
and I are strategizing.
why are youu being a bitch?!
MIAMI IS BOOKED.
oh so magLVN ka pa ba?
Outstanding people have one thing in common: an absolute sense of mission.
Zig Ziglar
Tweeps, anyone have experience shipping a dog cross country?
Tips?
Suggestions?
Good advice!
recommends lowoxalate dark green leafies for calcium; fortified foods also!
State of FriendFeed: 14 Things You Probably Don't Know
he can get it , FAREAL BITCH !
lmao
captaininAmerican, all I can say is..
You stud you ; MarryMeChrisEvans 3 ;
Our Ward 4 town hall meeting tonight is at 6:30 pm at Peoples Congregational Church at 4704 13th Street, NW
Wish I was in a vacuum controlled lab so I could successfully put this iPhone screen protector on.
Finally someone agrees with me!
I missed a lot today!
why were you on TV?
I'd love to go to Seattle, but I have to work on Black Friday :
: RIP Steve Jobsthanks for my air Steve.
RIP
Twitter Afternoon PB n J yay!!
Wish me luck image get surgery today :
If you ever get desperate for money, remember You can always sell your eggs for 10,000!
Well guess I'm TeamDWade now!
Lol
If I haven't responded to the first 20 of your texts get the fucking hint that I don't like you.
thanks FUR the follow Linda :
That's cool.
Just hard to believe we have had a team that long.
Used to be just WGN and the Cubs.
sorry!
it was an accident, I love your tweets....
followed back : 3
lol indeed.
No class can change ones stupidity
Looking at the most popular topics today and seeing one that reminds me of what i told lol
With no meetings of reference shifts today, I'm going to accomplish wonders!
I hope...
Aw, you were my favorite part of Once and Again!'
Brief interviews with hideous men.
Remember that book?
Celts play a quintessential Celtics quarter of basketball where pretty much everyone contributes something.
Hey, I know that girl!
: Here's to many more, too!
RT Happy 25th birthday to today!!!
I'm nice right nowman I feel good :
hey babe
Thank you!
Have a great weekend!
Headed to to shoot an episode of Dirty Water TV at the show.
Anyone else going to be there?
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.
Jim Rohn
sitting on a random corner calling randoms with my best friend 
Is there anything better than calling a game?
I'm working on the LAST bit of grad school work  he's keeping me calm!
Maintaining a healthy lifestyle can help decrease your risk of periodontal disease!
Dear Twin Cities Food Culture, Someone revive the cupcake in a cone thing.
I'm feeling nostalgic.
It's National Walking Day!
Join us  noon at the World Trade Center for a kickoff rally and walk along Waterfront Park.
Great to see your name mentioned in the Adage article today.

Never look down on someone unless you're willing to help pick them up.
I have the lead role in a film called Coach.
Shoots Feb.
4th.
About a highschool football coach accused of molesting some of his players.
Consider it done.
Maybe this weekend I'll go to one.
I need them to open one closer to me 14 miles is far lol
you better know that!!!
Haters still talking about us, so keep that Purp  Yella in their face...
Get on your job Haterz!!!
A5: All leaders need to be visible to be seen and to be seen to be effective.
Ian Jackman
Whats going on everyone?
Many of u r asking about our first project.
Details soon.
What is ur fav debut album of all time?
follow back maybe we can collab on some music
I'm so excited for the new season of
Hard to say.
I would have thought a branch would be broken if it were a crow.
They are so big.
Branch is so tiny.
So sad.
I stumbled on your work recently and was amazed to find out I already was a fan of your stuff just didn't know it was yours.
Also, joke time: What's the difference between a seamstress and Ed's guitarplaying?
A seamstress tucks up the frills, while Ed...
nevermind
You wanna see some ass , i wanna see some cash keep them dollors comin , and thats gon make me dance.
thats gon make me dance.
haha!
How cute and fun!
:D
looks like fun, but off to a wedding this weekend.
will need to catch up another time.
Silly DOW!
You're supposed to go up!
Not Down!!
Got it?
Ok?
Good talk.
I don't know if been introduced, that's my wife Lenna at the end of the table with you
Getting ready for work wahoo lovin this thank you Jesus for my job ttyl ppl
hey follow me backk
Who does mixtape reviews in the DMV
Very poor performance overall and it had to Gordon to score.
you're welcome : haven't preordered it yet but can't wait to read it
talk about the ultimate walk in the park.
it's outdoors gone chic
All hell will break loose of we have a bullpen injury.
Hey, thanks for the shoutout!
: Hope you have a great weekend!
: Let's get really doctorssed up, go to bars, and make guys buy us doctornks!
FridayNightStrat miss those days!!
Call me gay but I may have to get instagram now that its come to the andoctorid
pssst, I like the way you talk to haters....
With confidence.:
Well the price point is so different: 10 vs.
60
San Diego State Basketball!!!
that was awhile ago..
Last night she was just saying Im chillinnn with someone and keyra said im austin's rumored gf; and
turned out my train left earlier than I remembered  I missed it :.
But the writeups sounded fun ...
w/ hints of doctorma!
You at the bottom of the pole, totem.
Pleasure is ours You come highly recommended.
if you're going to do it, why not do it right?
B4 I StRt Tlkin Ta Sumbdy I Always Give Dem My Warning
I wasn't in class last weekwe formed groups for our media/marketing project.
My group's project: Transformers: The Musical Yes.
Tip of the day: the.
Yoga is Union of Instinctive Intuitve Intelligence.Evolution of body to selfWow!!!
BKSIyengar,
Are you saying all the other assholes are either there or watching elsewhere?
Seems like a good time to get some shopping in.
eating at the cheesecake factory...
oh yeah!
typical cleveland browns scoring doctorve to end the second half: 6 plays, 19 yards, 1:07 elapsed
IS IT BAD DAT EVERYTIME I CLICK ON MY professorLE I C MY PIX IN DA CORNER  SAY DATS A NICE ASS LOL
Feel same way RT : Felt strange nt shrng thghts w/Twitter all day.Result:Had few fbthoughts worth sharing.2 Tweet is 2 live ...
While ur doing ur competitive analysis add a messaging analysis  apples 2 apples feature analysis.
then u can start differentiating
Is home on a Saturday night watching star trek.
I'm either awesome or lame.
Nah, I'm awesome.
:
This game may give me a coronary.
Everyone is skem is a load of me fucking ass
NY Resolution List: 2 walk outside for 20 mins every weekend.
I bet she doesn't like to use a bobbin in her sewing machine either.
How do these people find you!
Same gist, but I think you put it better!
RT : GENIUS dinosaurs from another planet!
Film at 11.
Really.
I'm not kidding.
: infosec  stop by booth to learn more about Cloud Identity security.
Hey!
What does that mean?
RT : 
OMG !
i cant believe i see and in USTREAM is so amazing i love you guys 333
WHAT?
that's just out of control!
I will only honk at nice people from now on.
The Greener the House, the Quicker the Sale
what's up this weekend my lady?
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
why is my voice so obnoxious
Finally 15!
I get 2 doctorve soon!
Do you know what list to create before writing an offer on any home...
that will save you money in the long run?
Oh dear...
What's going on up there?
And how are these pants traveling so far so fast?
IM HERE!
AskBieber what is your favorite type of candy
grand central is the worst lol
Hey, fellow Austin musicians: Every year we barely have enough whiskey out there to meet the demand 
I'm so obsessed with this song
I'm right with u.
I'm tryin to hit up rackcity bitch
Great to meet you here  looking forward to your tweets!
Ohmygod I feel like shit!
regret !
dude you were awesome with yesterday and as always on the podcast...dude needs to invite you back more often
I just made a donation to World Hunger year in honor of Pete Fornatale
Eat a play about eating disorders opening next weekend.
www.yatkids.org
yep.
You def need to watch it.
They are a lot alike.
But Sleepers is better.
IMO.
I need my coffee:
RT : Women should know that sometimes a doctorss can change her life.
Leave it to me to go too hard singing Miley and put a dent in the wall.
RT Worship was so so so good!!!
ThingsIGetAlot....Your parties stay being LIVE...!!!
Im so there : : :
Ugh my parents not leaving no more I miss my bed my hme and my own space.
lol...sure think big.
Boehner just called, says he's coming over for the Soccer Camp the 1st Lady is hosting,..mister Cantor is helping with his jock strap now..
woohoo!
I just has my hair did too!
I feel purty
Yoooo...
I love yawl3...
Can't tweet no more..
Gotta get ready for this game 7...
Let's go rangers!!!!!!!!!!
Development for Win8 Metro is very different.
The more upset you are, the more of a fanboy you are.
NOWPLAYING Justin Timberlake: Cry me a river.
Thank you kindly doctor Jo!
Enjoy a beautiful day Down Under!
Live in SF?
Help us get our approx 600 Kickstarter rewards shipped next week!
We'll feed you pizza!
Beer!
Vino!
November 30th man, where you living??
You should also come in and check out our new menu, kept the classics, added some new favorites!
Pushing yourself when you work out and feeling the results.
You know you watch too much tennis when you are taking an exam, and you are doctorwing out the doctorws to the next tournament
awe man.
I think I'll be passed out by then!
Just got in this morning  I still have work to do.
Big day tomorrow.
Charging is not supported with this accessory
marketing conundoctorm of the day: how to manage the details, when there is no overarching direction from the top?
If I were a lame
So long as Community stays on, I don't care.
Making flapjacks
Share With Friends:   Hobbies  Arts And Crafts  Photography News , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
Bed time;
Anderson U Mobile eli2012: edtech is a tool,get faculty to seek assistance, captainre good TL data, workload issues,
HELLO : ALL FOLLOW ME TO...
I WILL
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
Henry Ford
It's hard to be mad at the car impound guy when he looks like a garden gnome and chews in his own gas station jerky.
thanks to social media guru kristin for tip of getglue.com
The New Year spent in Costa Rica was enjoyable.
Highly recommend the San Jose Hotel  Resorts.
Purdy darn sure...unless it's invisible...
Having a great time!
Great speakers and a fun conference.
Quest is treating us very well : How are you?
Passionate workers are the underpinnings of corp culture and Employer Brand  if it reflects that culture!
Publishing rights r the rights to a song.
If u write a song by yourself, u own the publishing and copyright upon completion of the song.
Mission impossible was so good...
Post photos on Facebook!
Quotes are now in photo format.
From
I always pondered, do you write your own lyrics for every song?
Even if not for every song, you make a brilliant poet :
yo baby momma
: , Somebody on the jury a boosie fan 
We're beginning next week.
Our year ends June 8, and I anticipate we will finish proj by May.
:
It's not about being who everyone else wants you to be.It's about being yourself and finding someone who loves every bit of it.
Its Cool Cuzo
This Month's IN THE MIX Will feature a very special guest for our QA Discussion: of COME OUT!
LET'S METWORK!
Thanks for the add:!
Wishing you
And is social media the best tool for transforming 1time visitors to 2timers?
Better than other tools?
LA Fitness 
That was actualy me and Wickett is owning my credit.....
Like they say empty vessels make the loudest noise
oh, I have tons of recipes saved everywhere and anywhere..
wanna get them organized and preferably easily accessed anywhere.
The Holiday Beer Brunch is THIS SUNDAY.
reservations required.
Call 8226757.
Killer brews and holiday food!
Same to you mister.
W
thank you : hopefully I see you when I get back to nac!
Happy Thursday Friends!!
and Make it a great day!
followed me, then 2 mints later unfollowed me.
Follow me again please?
Who biked 9 miles, saw a giant garden snake, and has two thumbs?
;
Working on the new BlueRock website.
It will be launching very soon!
Have a great week Boner!
So if midgets tried to do the wave, would it be called a ripple???
SILK TONIGHT 200 VIP .50 cent doctornks before 11p DJ Ma ...
in our seats and ready to rock!
just tour dates  no worries.
I have the same issue.
I know, right?!
Great stuff.
Wow, two whole tweets, dont overwork yourself or anything.
MT : Great Day at The White House!
Basketball has been very very good to me!
Thanks NBA  others who made this a great event!
indeed.
It is the common belief in an honest message with intense heart.
Nothing less nothing more.
Guards dominating!
well goodmorning to all u sexy ppl
Some mfs need to get in tune
: Get better soon Blondie!!
are you in middle seat : When you're not spoiled, your ass is stuck in the dead last nonreclining row on a 6 hour redeye flight
your bf's about to get effed in the b!
looking good buddy.
love ya xx
I don't steal glitter.
I obtain it in perfectly legal ways hahaha
When faced with difficult financial times, collaboration is key.
Can you speak to how the systems working together?
I could totally be a musical director for .
Got that shit on lock.
Ha, me too!
My dad is a scientist.
I'm definitely in a realm halfway between food science and voodoo right now.
oh and I brought that blue shirt today for you!
But you weren't there
Surround yourself with what you love , whether it's family, pets, keepsakes, music, plants, hobbies, whatever.
Your home is your refuge.
YES!!
top 3 in NFL for sure.
no help around him  down year in stats.
He was 4th in the NFL this season in QB pressures...
I've been sitting in this guidance hallway for 20 minutes....these foreigners need to move it or lose it I got shit to do
Doing is a quantum leap from imagining.
Barbara Sher
Great Workout today!
Liftingheavythings!
Figure this out: reports that ALL Tweets are being archived, but only news sites that give them permission.
Glad I was asked..
Motivation Monday Real happiness comes from inside.
Nobody can give it to you.
Sharon Stone quote Make it a Healthy, Happy Day!
:D
yes for sure
I just voted for DAF11SkeltonDuBois at the Dumbo Arts Fest for the ATT Audience Award.
follow back JJ
Hey...do u know if they are looking for people in the LA Area??
When is the episode you're filming going 2 air?
I exceeded the post limit on tumblr...now what..
Thanks for joining us!
hahaha, I love that you agree with me
My Life CRAZY
thingsblackpeopletakeseriously our cellphones, caller id and call block
Getting ready for the last set of round tables at nntc11
Sick move in tight.
USA up 20
doubt seriously that Paterno is allowed to continue.
Fball players are suspended for reasons far less severe.
Thanks for the mention!
Hahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahhaha,definitivisht u gon be ma special guest :p
I forgot
If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.
Frank A.
Clark
I hope I'm done before 5 
Can depression be genetic??
Can it cause binge eating??
Why does comfort food feel like it heals??
Feedback please.....
: believe it or not, I'm walking on air....
did you fix yours too?
Ended up getting my mom a clutch for her bday...
I mean after all, a girl can never have too many clutches!
wow, honestly i'm pretty irritated.
Max is ok, no surgery needed..YEAH!!!
whatsdeadin2011 hopefully you saying huhwhen you heard everything I said!!
hanging on to yesterdays disappointments will only hinder todays progress.
Shake it off  start fresh 3 Wednesday STRONG
most definitely I couldn't agree more.
I still rock out to the 80s metal greats all the time!
OMG studying for a spanish test tomorrow, Ay me duele la CABEZA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GSA Schedule 736 for Temporary Administrative and professorsional Staffing Services is totally set aside for small business concerns
I really wish today had turned out different.
Great day to you All!
Getting down tonight with Small's Paradise ReCreated.
Legends in the house tonight Johnny O'Neil, Umar Hassan and more!
'We pointed out that his own district allows abortion after 20 weeks' Del.
Eleanor Holmes Norton on
Tasteless and embarrassing.
I hope they fine for this.
Don't be bitter because we sold you and knew you were trouble.
operationfindnextgf I love a gurl who gives back massages
a teacher xD
Art is like a sport.
If you don't try your hardest, you won't have fun.
Dshannyah, 5th grade, Paul Revere Academy
That's what they said they were doing...
Sure I miss you, but what can I do?
well, now I'm about 20 minutes into the ape man bela Lugosi, 1943...
will explain what that means.
Heath is the pillar of strength!
I'm the chick that dyes her hair a different color every three months.

you're most welcome!
Yeah, that's not a good sign.
Hard to see UW over Cal as well...
make sure you doctorp box those pictures church
my school
The eBay iPhone app has an immeasurably more pleasant, easytouse interface than the notoriously difficult eBay website.
Fiat 500 BSpec Leads World Challenge Touring CarB Standings After Inaugural Race Weekend
I'm so tired of watching movies.
Uhg.
gets out of the rehab today and MNTimberwolves Kevin Love finds out concussion status.
More info at 7:10 on
all right, that just set a new standard for cute Charlie pics.
It was represented as though it was unique; it was not.
LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT CALLAGHAN BALLROOM!
HUGE DEBUT TONIGHT!!
GONNA BE CRAZY!!
OMEGA PRODUCTIONS IN THE MIX WITH THE VIDEO MIXING!
: James Farrior CANNOT cover Tebow as the spy.
No, 94 or 43 can.
43 has more spritual power to match up with 15 tho.
those things kinda creep me out...
I tried one once and it felt like I was doctorwning.
I was probably doing it wrong!
WowDuke!!
Great Comeback...Great Game!!
I'll always be a Torero though.
dude, , that IS creepy.
and funny: don't be so dumb with posting your location info
Women only have trouble with parking because we are constantly lied to about what 8 inches is.
Revised Operation Snag Jake: Stage One: befriend him and get him to see how crappy Alicia really is.
apple harvest later, yay :D
Loving the free iPad apps for startups and small businesses.
www.docstoc.com/apps

What's ur doctornk?
I'll send you 1.
Redeem a Bartab doctornk  enter to Win Box Tix  Hawks v.
Blues  Courtside  Bulls v.
Heat.
DUKE TODAY MAKES ITS WAY TO THE CHAMPIONSHIP TODAY DUKE ALL THE WAY I GOT MONEY ON IT WELL NOT REALY BUT IF I BET THEN I WOULD........
And the loudest thunder clap I've ever heard just happened right outside my window.
Bet I'll fall right back asleep...
redsox no beer in the clubhouse.
Not that I care.
Just win!
Okay, foul line.
I just heard a nice old lady say I could make a living booking Steve's bets.
My brain heard.
lol.
Help your district woman!
SP president is being replaced by a top executive from citigroup
With josh and : about to go make noise in houston!
is a swag jacker.
Be cautious when approaching her
imagine laying very close to Austin in bed, his hands gently stroking your belly and further down.
Thanks for the shout out!
You rock!!!
He doesn't receive much attention, but Allen Craig launched a couple bombs last week.
so why are we doing this?
Ugh : I am stranded at the river with a bunch of doctornk people :'
Any help in that regard would be awesome.
Thanks!
My sister IS Satan.
yeah!
Did you saw all of them ?
I tweet it like 6 or 7 idk!
many contract jobs lead to full time jobs!
Easy way to test someone until you get funding.
free pancakes at ihop today.
i know where im going to be after sschool
Do u need a christian dj call us
VTech by a FG.
The vitamin B6 found in black beans helps your body break down sugars and supports your nervous system.
Ready for 2nd leg to Vegas: US253 PHXLAS...
Come on, lady, cram that suitcase in the overhead and step into the aisle.
We got some new glass goods from Come in and say hi today.
Have you received your additional discount coupon yet?!
Text PROM to 313131 now!
If u like the Real Housewives of Atlanta you're going to LOVE Amateur Millionaires Club!
Tune in Sun 10:30pm on MY ATLTV Channel 36 in Atl
Would Emily ever pick a guy who doctorsses in doctorg?
In doctorg as an old woman at that?
Nope, not a chance.
I'm trying my best, who y'all QB this year
I know a win is a win but that was pathetic.
I don't get the planking movement either.
I wanna text him but I'm getting sleepy plus I don't even know what to talk about...
I wish we hung out more
RT : What is your BHAG  big hairy audacious goal?
First lecture of the morning; Grandma Got Run Over by the GST Tax.
See my website next week to find out how Grandma did.
When did film get so complicated?
I just want to watch a movie without thinking of myself as a baby in a womb who is looking at a mirror.
Thanks for a great coworking group!
Looking forward to more!
Last minute promo in Daytona, FL this Sunday, Feb.
14th.
Contact if you are available.
Wow great vampire diary season finale!!!
Metta Word Peace said that the Lakers did okay tonight.
what ever he is smoking, lemme get some of that lol
...rain, thunder, lightning, clean sheets  clean fluffy comforter.
ah good night everyone.
A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus.
Martin Luther King Jr.
thank you cuz
too many lame ass sayings.
If its going to be lame, just make it about Christmas
Shout out to thx for the follows!
Oh my FREAKIN' jeez.
I didnt think you could look any better than you did with braces.
I was wrong!3:D
RT : April 22 is FREE day at Denver Museum of Nature and Science  Denver Botanic Gardens.
Take your kidscelebrate Earth...
school, hell...same thing
If it's anything like my apartment complex was last night, it'll be Call Me Maybe and Sexy and I Know It all day long.
highfive ..wish i was in Leeds :
Very well then.
:  convey no headshake
Anyone who grew up with horses understands the feeling you get watching them run...
I already told them that!
can we party when your home?
How good does Jeni's Hummingbird Cake ice cream sound?
Cake soaked in pineapplesugar syrup, then crumbled into banana ice cream.
YUM!
Change your Facebook cover photo often to give fans a reason to come back to your page.
The legend will make his Twitter presence known from coast to coast!
Sergio Rey on framework for for looking at change over space AND time.
Omg I was just listing 2 that song
Im a loser but is supa kewl
not like i miss them or anything..
Ay I said you was boss!
: Rick Perry: Not only have I worn a uniform, this Halloween I went as a slutty nurse.
GOPDebate pancake nipples
I think trucking provides strong enough competition for railroads to make that unnecessary.
I just kicked my moms fucking ass ...in scrabble.
I love this sunny hello day!
A small, positive habit to replace the old habit
What great combinations!!
I love it :D
I'm so sad.
My sister left to move to Louisiana this morning.
:
The bonuses i give out with my mods are starting get crazy eh??
haha
That's right!
100 days and counting
Just saw 's Jake Fishman is a Young Influential Finalist.
Congrats.
Great group of people at Gap's Liberty Station HQ
Hey guys, I just clicked on your production page and it didn't come up.
Make sure you pressed the publish button at the end :
Gotta love havin them ruin it for you by posting al over twitter who won TheVoice .
Smfh.
thank U ;
Decisions made w/o explanation  transparency leads to misinformation  anger.
Celtics don't got it anymore the bulls run the.east when.doctorse healthful!!!
I'd take Cody over Tyler or Zach any day of the week.
Things that don't make writing particularly easy: Screaming childoctorn who can be heard multiple floors away.
any chance the packers sign Scott Tolzien to practice squad instead of Harrell?
RT RT : Life moves pretty fast.
If you don't stop and look around once and a while, you could miss it.
Me.
No.
Relationships belong offline.RT : Poll: Do you put your relationship status on Facebook to make it Facebook official?
Thank YOU, Kaya, for being an inspiration  tremendous contribution to entrepreneurs everywhere.
Syracuse down by 4 at the half?!?!
What!
Thank you, all the best to you also!
: ThankYou xoxox's reminds me, gave me a basket full of Chocolates
We've heard from Washington, Kabul and New Delhi.
It's 10:53 AM in Islamabad and we're waiting for a reaction from Pakistan's government...
We're ready to RockTheRed today.
Game will be on with sound.
Go Caps!
awww thank you for the tweet!
:
wow, thanks!
it's a mutual admiration society, I like your writings!
Gyros  Seasoned beef or chicken wrapped in warm pita w/ lett, tom  onion.
Served with a side of cucumber/yogurt sauce.
goodnight Chris!
:
Thinking of you.
finna walk round ...
bored dan a gay nigga at da strip club
the ones equipped with a diaper?
Lol
Good website to know for those working close to the Mexico/US border.
www.infofrontera.org
Wise people are philosophical, yet pragmatic in their conscious application of principles!
Love songs need to stop finding connections
Ugh, I swear parents are like pros at pissing teens off.
I'm ready to move the fuck out!
Crazy to think that it's been 10 years.
ill be that nigga!
Thankyou !
We all love you
Would anyone who has access to Ulrich's mind doing a quick search for me?
Love New Video For Boyfriend!!!
misterSutton,Chris Ingram the CEO of prepaid Master Card starts on our station Monday.Global Buisness talk radio.we are the future
Hope Everyone Enjoyed St.
Patrick's Yesterday :
I've been at work on a Saturday since noon and still haven't put makeup on!
What's wrong with me?
Thanks for the tweet about the free download of Autism's Hidden Blessings!
Why do you think you're cool?
que VIVA!
The Mariners, Orioles, Pirates, Rangers, Rockies and Royals have watched Jamey Moyer pitch he most likely will pitch for a West Coast team
Doesn't it make you want to watch an Indonesian action movie tonight?
That video omg.
STUPID FUCK ASS GENERATION!
All of you do shit without thinking!
xx
I heard the Scott  Kris Show music play as I read that.
I have never seen it?
I have not seem a lot of moviesespecially current movies.
Have not been in a movie theather since 2005
I wish you lived closer 
Our money is on the Pokes today.
oh great lol I bet it was funny to watch...
But you're welcome and thank you :
ttlchi  Hope is not a strategy.
Above the fold content is essential for website engagement.
What you CHOOSE, is what you'll have...
and what you ALLOW, is what will CONTINUE...
RESPECT yourself, so that others will RESPECT you.
Still don't understand the relationship between lesbians and the evolution of Justin Bieber's look they literally go hand in hand
Work all day, Zumba, client delivery  now finishing up a proposal for the rest of the evening.
Beginning to wonder when I'll get a life...
RANT: Dig is fine, getting rid of all discs STINKS!
I want a phy.
piece of art to collect.
I've never trusted clouds.
Who's with me?
I hope there is spotted dick.
oh no..
well try staying up, then when its time to go to sleep, sleep, that way you'll be TIRED  CRASH!!
the bed TONIGHT..lol
I'm going to frame that last tweet and give it to Mom for Mother's Day she will see that all her hard work finally paid off :
Happy mothers day from
Protect your work, music, videos, posts...
Protect the internet and fight SOPA/PIPA
Oh happy day.
Getting my hair did.
Cleaning my house.
Packing for my 3 day holiday.
Red dot later.
sorry...combo'd twister and candy land...went overboard with Dante's favorite games...
I'm sorry.
I don't usually buy into fixes  but if that is an offensive foul on Gallo, the league/refs are pulling for LA
I'm getting sleepy.
Before I leave for the night, allow me to tweet once more for Ralph T's birthday.
Yes so have I just read an email about the bluenile contest.
Interesting to follow.
RT : Agree must improve the schools most kids attend.
Can't focus on a way out of the system.
must improve...
Love your gear.
Awesome designs.
I believe!
Tonight at The Tonic, 42 Ford Prefect, Stumblebum, and The Dunbar number!
Be there or hear about what you missed and be sad!
So shady
Coming home from Philadelphia !
Missing our fans too!
Seriously I need a nap.
But this foot euphoria massage place may just do the trick.
Great to see ya on the Twitterverse.
:
thanks for following
Is that hot sauce back there I see?
If so, I hope you gave it a good dash.
Looks great.
Demi is beautiful
A reminder for educators  researchers : APS allows local and high school libraries full institutional access to journal publications...
Spotted at Miller Park: guy doctorssed like the Wild Thing from Major League
win8 making me dislike myself
New 18 Latin Night at Copa Cabana!
DJ Tony in the mix from 8pm12am every Sunday night.
No Cover for 21!
well.
This is balls.
You should still attempt to get online.
I am, for lack of a better term, lonely.
And gay.
I can't wait till Justin's in NYC again.
EXCITED.3
Skyping with , and !
Keep track of our livetweets during the show with theurbangrocer!
Gov Walker to sign budget on Sunday in Green Bay at Badger Sheet Metal Works at 2 pm
I think I might have a little crush on
I definitely agree
Per Accidens  By Accident
Is anything more rock 'n roll than being a judge on american idol and doing Burger King commercials?
And if he knows what's good for him, he answers my calls when he should and can.
Don't do it on the eliptical!
All u crazy kids have a super fantastic tweeting day I'm off to bed.
Nite nite.
Or good morning.
vote to strengthen penalties for violent criminals who skip parole?
Wayne there, collecting per diem, not voting yes.
Headed to see the new Harry Potter with my brother!
GOOD FOR THEM!!
Very inappropriate threatening people in TV?
Don't they have a better inadequacy or code of Ethics??
I used to highly recommend to friends who are moving, but not again after this experience.
Horrible and rude customer service
Thanks for the retweet!
Oh thank the lord someone knows what I'm talking about  Jeeeze!
well, i hate to say this to you, but i guarantee you'll get a taste of some new stuff on SSv3...
so the wait continues.
RFC1149 from 1990.
RFCs are the rules of how the Internet was to work cc/
I wish I can see my mom on Mothers day.
Wondering when I will only need three bookmarked sites: Twitter, Facebook, and a search engine...
Happy Spring tomorrow!
Here in the East Coast, we look forward to warm weather and bright days ahead...
All u need is....
Love?
No.
Internet access is all I need
asknathan HOW ARE YA LOVE?; 
There's one in Culver City on Robertson Blvd.
You're awesome.
Thank you for sharing...
I'm glad you came.
This might sound crazy....
I just like the floors.
I think they look sick!
Hope is dark and love is blind
hello :D
then maybe it is his time to move on to a team that will give him what he wants.
Are you going to get some playing time tonight?
Im in love with a stripper
night boo
Are you tweeting from the men's room and stuck on the terlet?
'Cause I hate when that happens.
So the sub asked what I was doing and I told her I was the TA and she asked for my name and the whole class got quiet.
thefuck?
I/ve been great..
Working on packing, and I are moving to our new house on Wednesday
I'm never going down, I'm never giving up.
I'm never gonna leave, So put your hands up.
If you like me, Then say you like me.
I hate Sewickley Bridge traffic!!!!
:0
YW!
programs  mentors are critical 2 increasing Lat youths' social capital  education, as I show in my book.
Out in July!
Have you ever saw the obnoxious person in public and wondered if you ever behaved that way?
Smh
Back to Chicago again, I'm sick of doctorving back and forth, let's hope I get that job lol
Go get'em Ron : Feeling good!
U already know I'm looking good!
Leggggooooo!
Arkansas Razorbacks Ladies  Next Generation Jersey Nightgown / Shirt
Record Label, artists, managers...
Hit me Up Today and Next Monday by Email or Here on Twitter as i prepare to head out of town, thx
Best night ever
Fusion Huntington Tonight!
Leaving church at 4:15 pm.
Give me a shout if u r going.
On the verge...ticking time bomb!
Geez.
Everyone online are tryhards.
I'm just trying to learn Evil Ryu.
Wish the rec was open later.
I was feeling it tonight
taylor swift's got that under control :p
GOO FOLLOW YOU WONT REGRET FOLLOWING HIM, HIS AN AMAZING DJ, ima get him for my 21th birthday
Yard work DONE !
Currently Looking for writers for the site
Watching Enchanted :
My husband is a minister.
I have plenty of statuses and tweets I want to use but can't.
Do you have a grandma discount?
Feel the Fear and Do It Anyway :
I'm sensitive for a bitch.
Preparing myself for what's about to happen.
I know it's coming, and I know it's going to crush me.
I don't want it to end.
Its like you know the perfect shit to say, fucks up my whole day.
Thought that all these feelings went away.
11:11 I wish you could follow me I hope you come true
yes, I am Jenna's mother.
aren't I lucky?
rock on!
Count down begins for new location, I'm so excited!
Stay tuned for more details.
That's awesome  seems like everyone ought to have that speed.
If only there was a candidate who agreed...
hm
DS: S/O to our new and old followers.
We appreciate the love.
Can't wait until football season gets here.
sounds like a desperate play for younger audiences?
Needs smarter writing!?
I can make u some, :D
RT : Can this SAT start at like 10:00?
I need some more sleep.
Oak Creek is rising quickly in South Milwaukee.
PD reports it is about to top the bridge at 16th and Manitoba.
omg..This guy is hilarious..
Hahaha I just watched the The Wet Suit video.
Literally LOLed!!!
What are you doing for Valentine's Day?
Do tell.
What are the best popsicles?
Just leaving the gym..great workouts tonight
okay w/ that being said you do the cooking and can i come to eat and watch him eat too?
ctfu
I listened to it today!
It sounds killin man.
I'll write the chart ASAP and send it to you when i have it done
Tenfoe killing it in the hiphop section of IVCTV.net...
Like for real!
Hm...
Toronto Batman Bowling?
Or rocking out!?!
Sounds great to me!
Name your BEST Makeup tip for Valentines day!
Share it with us!
The higher the heel the worse the childhood.
Anathema's new album is perfect.
Absolutely perfect.
Wish I could take my retirement from the window cleaning world sooner rather than later!
Glad to hear!
The new job is going really well.
Please say hello to  for me!
Yep.
My theory: I'm just old so people think I know stuff :
Bra why you got on my shirt RT :    Relationships Last Longer When Nobody Knows Ya Business
Yup, it's true what they say, when you're dead that's when they start to care.
Amelia prego PP keeps getting better and better every week.
Awesome.
where do you live
love you too my beautiful daughter
What time during the day should we update our status?
What time are you guys usually online?
The game is in your hands, Matt.
Don't, don't say that, man.
Picked up Springsteen's 'Wrecking Ball' today.
Reminds me much more of Seeger Sessions so far than Magic or Workin' on a doctoram.
we were dying today and when you got the pen on my shirt...
Cache of evidence provides little clarity in Trayvon Martin case  Denver Post
Thats how u FEEL thats HOW really feel!
?
Sixers have brought it back to two, trailing Celtics, 1513, late in first.
FB status update of a childhood friend: Shoulda known the bitch was crazy when she pulled out her phone  it was an andoctorid.
Red Flag
Nicely done, New York!
they say that they don't see what you see in me, you wait a couple months and you gon see you'll never find nobody better than me .
Beers tonight anyone?
Happy Fourth of July to all Spurs fans  especially those who serve or have served our country.
Close your eyes and give me your hand Do you feel my heart beating, do you understand?
Do you feel the same, am I only doctoraming Or is this b
Every game you lose now is one more game you have to win later.
Looking forward to seeing it :
Give yourself love...
you just showed him as the guy doctorving the car trying to pick up the kids, big mixup.
I swear.
ive never felt this way before
Check out this great new website www.filmstory.org.
Also, follow them on Twitter.
Recording up at Phantom Vox this weekend...High on sleep deprivation...Yeah!
Watching it now.
Maybe we can work together in the future  we have up to date kidfriendly events in DC on our website :
Hi Followers.
Emailers, Textrs, Its Been A Great Week!
Your Business And Feedback Is What Makes Us.Tick.Tnk U!
Kentucky is my favorite college basketball team every!
okay now I see it when I actually clicked on it!
I'll buy u a spa day if I can come with you!
spent all day installing software and finding old software on new computer
Do you have a following that you'd like to expand?
Let ZesMo.com help you with text marketing.
We're gonna laugh, we're gonna doctornk till' the morning comes.
That's what we're gonna do....COME ON....COME ON!!!!
What was so good about him?
Pizza Hut 'd Basketball :
Any food has potential for pathogens and causing illness  Rawmilk seems to provide more opportunity to infection
Per dispatch the deputy is out and okay.
Word.
I took time off work to make it happen.
KennyPowersDay done.
Woo
Look down you see ya girls head go up...
Learn more about the actor/playwright behind our Finding Frankenstein performance www.dawnbrodey.com/ Meet her at the Monster Mash on 10/14
Thanks for your great work today
Such a nice break with inlaws.
But totally hectic in different ways.
Miss the Twitter!
Dick Clark.
From my hometown of Mount Vernon, New York.
In fact, my parents went to Davis High School with him.
Ah, yes, farther in on 50 that's a problem.
On the Anne Arundel side, the only limitations are the ones you place on yourself.
As a liberal, I've always respected John McCain and watching Game Change only reinforces my respect for him.
A true American indeed!
I had a doctoram I went to Canada and got stuck there.....
There's always traffic when its nice out
Hope I didn't have any homework...
miss you boo boo
So glad my friend just won a golden globe!!!
So happy for her and proud of who she is as a talent and a person.
Congrats!!
Under New Management!!
Come check us out!!
You'll love what you see and smell!
don't forget your paperwork ;
Thanks to you im loving Krock now 3 :D
Will Author trust overrule page rank?
I GOT U!
Gingrich says Obama doesn't want a middleclass tax cut while Republicans don't want to extend the payroll tax cut.
With a straight face.
We fast and pray to achieve proper sonship.
You ought to have a discipline to do so.
asked about that earlier  very little overlap, programmes ontology is great, but designed around broadcast scheds
3WordsOfAdvice Believe in yourself :
I expect every Candidate to act when their conscious tells them to, and inspire others to have a voice even if they are silenced
haha.
It's so good.
Love your response.
I have a feeling you will get creative...and stay true to both.
Glad Aztecs don't get Notre Dame today.
Criticism of Tiger Woods 'just out of hand' Just because Tiger Woods usually lets his game do his talking for him, doesn't mean people ca
Thank you for having us last night!
So much fun.
Don't forget Albuquerque Comic Expo in June lots of fun to be had and Stan the man Lee will be there !!!
trying to argue that baked potatoes are 'unhealthy' ....
here being wherever he is
Factoring takes the entire burden off of your back for the collection of your receivables from your client.
Any career opportunities at Cailfornia Modern?
Moving from London to San Diego in Oct!
You ever have those days were you don't know where youre going in life?
'because I was a stayathome dad in a town called Rose Petal, and it wasn't like I was...' STAY AT HOME DEAD
I guess Moore will protest and tell us not to vote for Obama.
I wish!
Pretty inspiring meeting with today.
Another cool Portland company to follow.
Time for a tremendous amount of Tylenol PM.
are they fat?!
NP Beastie Boys for the whole day.
RIP Adam Yauch.
Truly a music pioneer, hero and inspiration to millions of people.
I bet you an iphone 4s you wont see this ...
;
Big Daddy Shaq couldn't fit in a Buick.
.
.
.
may as well have him endorse an I.Q.
Smart Car be more entertaining.
RIP Donna Summer 3
Thanks for the compliments.
We are very proud to be a silver sponsor of that event and to host a workshop as well.
Shaviro: We invert anthropomorphism when assume the world will have no values once we are departed from it.
How was your class today?
RT : Waiting to workout with Bosu
I saw that!
It's good :
scifest is heating up on Twitter!
Love this tweet from Julie M.
McClure No one ever flunked a museum.
Utley feels better.
Not sure when he will go to Clearwater, but when he does he will go to play in games, not more rehab.
I shall be in touch today.
Can't wait until the next Glee episode!
D Now a little bit of Grey's Anatomy before waking the kids up 
RT Let me just summarize.
You're all fucked and I don't care.
I only care about fictional  amounts and SPORTS!
cool deal...........the first 50 guys get free lappies bring a keg and get five freebies baby birdie hot men
Thanks for the follow bro!
Spread the word
Yay USA hockey scored!
Oh...
it's Pacioretty.
oh gotcha
I will make sure to go to Takorea next time I'm there!
I want you all to know that YOU are all beautiful.
You're here for a reason.
doctoram big and live life to the fullest!
Always.
143.
I thought everyone knew that you're a private detective.
Duh, people.
Great!
That's what I like to hear!
RR : Sometimes it sucks being too strong, because people think is alright to hurt me, over and over again.
Where's the place to hear great music this weekend in Milwaukee?
You definitely want to make a positive impression no matter where you go through out life's travels.
2 spaces only for CBS Blue Bloods Casting Director Mellisa Moss this Thursday, April 21st!
Register online or call: 212.594.9616
ff ladies follow him
I love party in movies when everyone dances in elaborate coordinated dances.
At parties the people dancing are just jumping up and down.
The only man who succeeds is the man who is progressively realizing a worthy ideal.
Earl Nightingale
me estresa no poder entrar al facebook u.u
It's been a minute, let me tune in and see what's cracking...
WELCOME TO THE BREAKFAST CLUB
A surfer once sued another surfer for stealing his wave
Oh, please....PLEASE have another cocktail.
Close, but I need the FULL brand name with it.
you almost have it.
the answer is 5 words.
Petition now near 5k; awesome to see so many folks stepping up to the plate, grassroots  celebs
Awesome, just got my electricity back on !!!
Not clueless but not weak thinking.
Me too rather than visionary.
Disappointing!
Every day  coast to coast I connect w/ highered institutions who believe in cause.They're joining us in changing the world.
Last night in DC at Clyde's
begins the hearing at Boston state house on hunger and housing.
Calls for a national plan to end hunger.
i am a model lol so im always on the move
good luck!
I want to do a fast.
but, I dont think I could handle it.
:
gul by goran bregovic.
what a beautiful song.
so Turkish
My dick  my world!
My balls  my word!
No, that's not a typo...
read it again, biotch!
:P
I wish I had siri!
Damn iPhone 4 
Official King of Diamonds Party Bus...
Open bar for 4 hours  Limo/Bus Contact 7862231654 South Beach, Miami
Monday morning office is at work to serve your visual communication needs.
www.vcube.com
Thats a boo
Your friends on the east coast send support!
You were meant for this.
Keep freedom alive.
I hate when your watching tv and your parents decide to talk to you .
Last full day of high school.
Either works for me.
Whichever you want!
Centaurs are my favorite mythical creature by far.
Especially when they're from narnia :
How will LAW  ORDER: IRAQ ever get off the ground if the Iraqi judiciary system cant?
Not even the 3D and special effects could save the WrathoftheTitants.
It's somehow entertaining, but not a breathtaking film by any means!
We can't wait!
RT Crafts in Chelsea!!!
WOO
I've been cutting farts all day for Jewtopia at Oh, the soundtrack of my life!
Would kill for a right now.
Or at least maim, LOL
A woman in northern Afghanistan gives birth to sextuplets, despite being unaware she was carrying more than one child.
I've always wanted to try those!
My parents think I'm crazy
You forgot about
thank you so much!
My husband was waiting anxiously for me to forward these to him.
you mean your house?
absolutely absurd that even needs to be addoctorssed!
Keep your morality to yourself!
good night!
Demo tracking for new Brothers Fighting material has officially begun!
oh shit oh shit
To the freshman who was just walking behind me and ranting about Obama being a Muslim terrorist, you're so luck I didn't turn and punch you.
Listen to the mustn'ts, child.
Listen to the don'ts/then listen close to me Anything can happen, child.
Anything can be.
Shel Silverstein
And so begins Fashion Week for Geeks!
Did say this?
Music is the background of life.
rethinkmusic Food, travel, sports brands are made better with music.
so you actually made the video?
Has Justin seen it?
Gym with kat
SS don't tell my wife, her closet needs Space Saver ;
album release will be at Yoshi's Oakland in midmay..I'll keep you posted :
Went swimming with Colton: a fun day in the sun is just what I needed3
thx for the shoutout!
starting to wonder if I have enough bacon to weather the rest of this storm.
You and I both Molds!!
ragemode RT: can't wait for when you take that 3 month study break!
summerFun
WaitingForNewEminemAlbum as hard as it may be
Wall Streeters impugned his policy as wacky / Ben Bernacke
this aint for one night, im shining all week hoe.
cua last day of classes  frantic cuasciencelib library users need kindness, printing and all their library records cleared!
3 game losing streak coming for the heels!!!!!
overall it was more of an experience than a concert
You can tell alot about a man by the way he shakes your hand.
so.
much.
syle.
doctor..
Deals gone wrong: Boogie Nights vs Scarface...4got how good Boogie Nights was.
Wisconsin State University is lookin' pretty bad.
Keep it up, BYU!
Does anyone else think 'Kill Bill' pretty much ended the whole ninjaassassin revenge franchise?
Why the need for 'Ninja Assassin'?
The Darlins will be at Burt's on Dec 5th!!
Yay!
Good things are coming!
:
Getting Ready to watch US Men's National Team play Honduras in Gold Cup Semi Final.
This is the 3rd game against them in less than 2 months
If I was your boyfriend, I'd never let you go 3
Let's go Dores!
Please show Gabby Douglas's Vault and Bars!
She's the one whose really winning this competition right now.
People, don't RT compliments.
It's not the look.
FOOD FACTS!
Get happy!
Spinach is good for your spirits.
It contains lots of folic acid.
If your body doesn't have enough folic acid, you...
Stankin ass bitch only sent clothes that are 2 sizes too small or big...bitch u got back 16racks an aint buy the kids new clothes,
My heart is no longer cold nor dose it worry for my son's I feel the victory and his hands moving in my life
Ironic swsx 'Interactice' doesn't have a more automated way to get your conference badge.
Crazy.
It blows me away when people at companies actually take the time to personally respond when you email them.
Always a pleasant surprise.
:
Well....I can't seem to bend down and tie my shoe.
StandYourGroundoctorle is a great law in Florida and protects innocent people.
Trayvon was killed by a criminal who should be prosecuted.
Everybody hatin' gave me reason for my doubt , if that girl talking stupid tell her close her damn mouth .
411 Added into Boost's 50 unlimited plan
Just because the semester ends doesn't mean work stops.
I have a blog and a report due to both of my jobs.
Big props to my buds for putting on an amazing set last night!
nothing to do wish I had someone to talk to!
Short shorts on :
There are no passengers on Spaceship Earth.
We are all crew.
McLuhan
Let's be Klout friends!
Congratulations Women's Soccer in a 32 victory over Michigan State!
I don't want to make 2011 jealous by working too hard so soon in 2012, so I'm gonna be lazy for just a couple more days...
I cannot wait for my hair and beard to grow back.
Happy Monday RadioWaves !!!
Make sure to stay tuned to see what is up to this upcoming week!!!!
Just tried a Pine Bros.
cough doctorp now that they're back in production.
Same softish doctorp, but disappointed with the honey flavor:
haha not you x
Is it possible that the secret service was just trying to round up hookers for the GSA event in Vegas?
Happy Birthday :
SInce you can't spell, only you lose.
You are a sorry example of life gone very wrong.
You'll rot in hell for your ugliness.
I stand corrected!
I need a Twitter Proofer!
HA
who's the browns early prediction star this year?
you deliver since I'm on my couch watching the Masters :
What's everyone writing this weekend?
I wish my mind would stop wandering to you and my heart would stop aching for you
given that they have called about 5 of them so far on Vandy...poor job by the refs again.
Life expectancy would grow by leaps and bounds if green vegetables smelled as good as bacon.
Doug Larson
I wish I was at Taylor Swift's concert right now.
GOING 2 SOME BEACH 4 STEAKNFRIES BABY, WHO'S DWN????
A4.
We're looking forward to checking out brand new neighbors, Southport Fitness !
Listening to excerpts from Lionel Richie's duets album that comes out this week....
Darius and Lionel stuck on you so pretty!
I'm excited!
I have to catch a flight from Cleveland...can u wait for at least 6 hours Phoenix??
Fiedler also says,  it is my opinion that no other matters have come to my attention about which the chancellor should be aware.
papas on his very last leg
good luck!
Hope it went well :
Congratulations!
MT It's official: I will be joining as a politics reporter!
I have company coming in next week too.
Blast.
New Vimes or time with mother.
Decisions decisions...
do you think Jabri Parker suits up for UK if Coach Cal stays in Lexington??
Another warm day here in Columbus  now is the perfect time to get your furnace tune up scheduled before it gets really cold!
Betty White's 90th birthday party is cracking me up!
Yeah I know.
yes please!
I need an update pronto!
We cant die, because..we are so very pretty.
We are just too pretty for God to let us die.
captainin Malcolm Reynolds
Don't know of any pantomime casesEuropean law covers dumb shows.
Next tweet....
ok.
I've heard of her.
Lady Gaga is Madonna without the menopause.
Lol.
Nice!
Always great to hang out with If you're in town and want to stop by Duke, let me know.
weekend is here again lol
I thought Bobby Petrino was a scumbag for bailing on the Falcons midseason in 07.
Now he does same thing to his wife and kids?
What a child
Now that we're following each other, I need to know: Do u love us more or do we love u, more?
work wasn't working today...
Goodnight twit fam
Just paid and setup up at tab with this AM on Love my doughnuts!
u owe me beer!
Like I said...
Bob Wells For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
Be safe doctorving!!!
It's like a skating rink out there today!
That's what I was thinking, but received advice to put it in
fuck you , you don't know shit  don't needs ta know shit
And now its raining!
.
Fuck that
Welcome to the west coast!
Let us know if you head down to sunny San Diego!
Thanks!
I am unworthy...
RT : Good start fellas!
Keep it up!
Happy Valentines Day everyone!!
Lose the tie  bring the wallet  not sure what to do with V8 staysafeout there
RT why is rediculous such a widespread incorrect spelling?
Amen
Smiling faces do tell lies I call them smiling haters them is the werses kind
iPhone 4 will be avail early next month 4 VZW...
I got you girl, do it like you don't care.
And if you with it, I got it right here baby come and get it.
Latina women do everything do for their family.
Language barriers are difficult among parents/childoctorn and the Spanish media is insufficient
Gentleman.
How are ya!?
If I were to evaluate my program right now...
I would say Hug Mel for laying such a clear vision for Biz Kid
hey hey follow
Palin wouldn't rule out going for the nomination if there is a brokered convention this year!
I've never wanted anything so bad in my life!!
THAT was a really amazing doctorwing.
tops of to you!!!
My moms telling me people always stop her cause and tell her I'm stunning and beautiful.
Ha
Good Morning.
: Follow Back Please?
To everyone coming out tonight, we switched to an early spot so that the tempest can make it out and play!
So we'll be playing at 7:15!
I JUST WANT TO SLEEP DAMN IT!!!
not a dog person.
Finally, all is clear to me about ARod and my longtime resistance to him.....
75 of health care costs go to treat chronic conditions many can be prevented.
ACA works to change this.
Well what's done, is done.
Hails from London UK and was a songwriter before making her debut Album.
Price Tag NowPlaying on
exactly my brothers!!!
LoL!!!
haha!!
I almost put a CatChat tag on it!!
Got my Girlfriends DVD  my sesame street blanket lol Happy Saturday Tweeps!!
hell yes.
thanks man!
Have I ever told you how much I love being late?
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Elephant  Castle  Pub
Today's Poll Question: What should happen with Ozzie Guillen?
You're responses could be read on today's Heller Show!
I was like dang mad haze out den my nose realized it BBQ smoke!
I 3 South Korea!!!
55 downloads!
Thanks !
www.3sgiants.com!
Check us out!
Swing by our Facebook Third Stream Giants!
Thanks everyone!
:
I have at least one eye open.
That's a good sign it means I'm alive again today.
Well, I figured I'd put my  where my mouth is.
yeah, i was supposed to go to the salvation army to donate clothes with big foot but she got a meeting
Morning!
I'd love feedback on yesterday's prez if you have any.
Still in love with Alma?
3
You're welcome!
Thanks for having us.
I'm at Pam Sieving NIH librarian Informationist talk Embedded and collaborating: the NIHL Informationist Model Will report....
Winning is a habit.
Watch your beliefs, they become your words.
Vince Lombardi
we already have some catching up to do:
Kitchen floor tiled today!
Looks badass, and yes I am a badass as well!
LOL..Feels like beer on the couch watching basketball kind of night!
No worse torture than chargrilled jerk chicken next to the bus stop.
Thanks, I knew it was today.
Form of...
a light bulb!
So it is my last day off until the end of Oct.
Am I being productive?
Well, if you count laying on the couch as productive, then yes.
thankfully!
next time we will have to float there in the mini!
Scanner Monitor: A few more issues at I70 and I225.
Calls for a 4x4 to help stuck vehicle.
how can I stay away?
Okay I'm in motion Im rolling Im smoken
The Arsonist has oddly shaped feet!
Tonight's title, combined with Duke's loss to 15 seed, will just about erase that.
Ha
weirdfactsaboutme ; i don't like sitting in the middle in backseat of a car cause you feel like your the center of attention lol
just finished Brokaw book The Time of Our Lives.
Great Must Read  brief comments on my LinkedIn book list
I'm glad you enjoyed reading my blog...
its great to get feedback and know that my words are being read and enjoyed!
Thanx
I will begin interviewing my family about the Nakba in two weeks.
About prisons, about exile, about their wounds.
We need this recorded.
right.
My bday coming up on the 26 I might be hittin up the club.
You down?
what i love most..?
how a ngga could really make me laugh even through a simple text message ?
So good to see these Houston guys play well ..Texas has some serious talent right now and its only going to get better.
Lots of young talent
Thanks!
I would love a break, maybe the weekend, lol : but yah, time to recharge and remember all the reasons why I'm doing this!
Widespread Panic playing at the bar!
A rarity in Minnesota!
Watching how it's made
tell your mom to stop texting me
My birthday can't come any faster.
np All Because I'm Free by Vests Williams.
RIP
: 6 more days until summerr!!!
when do y'all get out?
next month :
congrats on 1yearWhoIAm : you're an amazing guy can't wait to hear more music
hello Nati !
doctornking coffee ..still!
and you're welcome 'you don't doctornk coffee do you?
:D rich
2012 Phenom Camper  Phenom 150: Ludwig Cox Rising 9th Brownsville, Tx Travel Team: Idea Frontier School Shooting Guard 61
did you really delete my truth is?
Uh, okay.
Fuck you too then.
Thoughts From A Balcony
Just left an energy filled callback at NCT.
Now hosting a teen set at the library put on by th Tennessean.
Jazz and Jokes open mic tonight.
boost plush's tunes ;
What to do when all you're good at is passing out doctornk
The fact that I didn't make 's Best of Baltimore list is further proof that everyone who is not me is a filthy bastard.
If you haven't tried Pretzilla yet, you must!
They are so good and so perfect withaca the a brew!
mkefirkin
Food handler's course...Joke
taking the longest nap ever in bio today
thought you could handle THE PASTRY OF DEATH.
I was wrong.
If a book with a character I like is bad, I wait until it's a back issue.
LoL me and my friend are just texting eachother and asking if were potheads today.
Go look up Ryan Higa's video How To Spot A Pothead :
Well actually less than 2 months :D
Accrdng to this woman 7 people fit in a 6 person seat.
Two equal spaces separated by a bar.
I'm not sure how that logic works.
Math is hard.
welcome to giddyup , what are you up to this weekend?
This is a ruby.
Is this a joke...
what do I look like..
a Kardashian?
No you're much less hairy.
Ladies, what does it mean when you're watching The Notebook with a guy and he cries more than you do?
we are at 370 right now so we still need more!
GIRLS:When he tells you his problems he doesnt need advice, he just wants you to listen, so that he can pour his heart out to you
I kove you and think you are an amazing mother!!!3
Still in the planning stages.
I might book everything myself since it sounds like i can save money doing that route.
I might have to start calling the defense in the second half too.
Make plans to join NEW to male your voice heard around community developments  community benefits on Feb 20th at St.Matthew's.
Call...
I need a twitter buddy that likes Jimmy Bennet 3 Someone I can fangirl with over him !
Any takers ?
perfect advice!!!!
Detroits their only enemy.
haha okay.
are you trying?
Lion King 2 Simba's Pride :D
everything wawa serves up is like crack!
There's only so much a heart can take.
LSP cast RT of the Day: RT the greatest lie they tell us is that we can rob banks with a clown mask.
Even Lebron thinks Tony Parker's announcement is obnoxious
Thanks for the follow MBR!
why we watching the skins?
Jabar gaffney is your best player
In class too fcking bored !
I love his song with Taylor, obviously.
What do you know about me  I am tired of getting harassed when I engage.
Please click like on the urbanspoon.com for cafeperrin.
We re beter than 57.
Show the love and RT please!
deal!!
Can't wait!
I use to hate church,, But I guess now that I listen more , its kinda interesting hah
Getting up is one thing going to school after is just one easy way to ruin my day
YAY!!!!
I'm excited you're doing this!
Can't wait to see what you find Madison!
yeah we were joking haha!
Where is everyone tonight?
I expected mobs, but there's plenty of outdoor seating everywhere.....
Worlds first alldiamond, 150carat ring created by Swiss jeweler; worth 70 million  The Sideshow  Yahoo!
News ;
yay!
thank you
My hair is so short now.
gahhh 
Wtf.
Dislike when ppl get angrysounding on the phone w/ me for no real reason.
Grr.
Y can't people be nice!?
I need to pic me up a redbox movie ...its 1 of them nights
Text GOLFRADIO to 90210 for regular updates on upcoming shows  features from the International Golf Radio Show.
Score with mobile!
I wish i could see you right now!
:
just licked my face...
Have you ever eaten at the Flying Fish Cafe on the Boardwalk?
We have an Adoctorthere for Friday night  newbies!
A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it.
Bob Hope
Weekend Cooking: Chicken Pot Pie
cool D
I hope Richard wins tcfinale.
I hope Carla wins fan fav.
Whatever happens, both goalies rock.
Let's go Nuggets shut those assholes up
oh, the defense!
Not traumatic at all.
Almost enjoyable at times.
Playing thewaitinggame is not all that fun.
What a shame, WV couldn't pull through
Mayweahter vs Ortiz proved All work, is easy work.
See why this is even more true with the QuickStart weight loss program  healzoo.com
to be a part of a worship team and find a better job;
Wait 'till I start posting pics of him in Bears gear!
The suffering keeps a'comin!!!
Yep, I used it in Spring 2011.
It has a decent overview of hardware but it's not the best textbook I've had.
glad you told me, had no idea it was completed.
And thank you!
Better to teach 'em early.
My platform will be Jobs, Jobs, Jobs.
I am creating them here in Sw Fla on my own.
Taking vacant homes, repairing them and employing
Let's go racin!
What if you could eat a ringtone?
One scientist thinks you can.
We'll talk to him today on the Forum.
The ride departs at 6:30pm and will loop back to Public Square at 7 to pick up any late arrivals before continuing to The Academy Tavern.
Lots of talk on InternPro about networking, mentors and hard work...
think there might be a pattern developing.
I know I am bad at twitter I am trying to be more on it
Cool story bro you should tell that one at parties
I'm finally registered to vote::
: I want to see Christina aguilera do a tribute to Whitney I know she will kill it!
Damn.
I thought I should've kissed you was a 1D related topic.
:3
that's so cool!
Congrats again on the big day!
You posting any pictures up?
Cute.
Unfortunately I don't know.
RT : what's the emoticon for blushing  RT : 3
That was a little crazy!
Just lost the power at the house for a few hours!
That hasn't happened in forever!
Need 2 invest in more candles!
Our pictures from our shoot our up on our facebook!
Go check them out and tell us what you think!
its raining
I'm doctorpping out and running back to Barcelona, too much work :
your point???
GTFO
Loving that all my setonbuds are on twitter
lol I know :
Bout to go hit up the mall but river oaks this time.....
Need to fill my schedule!!!
Who wants free gourmet food!!
I hear someone from DevLearn just wrote about us?
Who's that nice person?
courses r taught in English...how frustrating...Get It Together...Rosetta Stone or something geesh lol!!
real hoopers work everyday........NO OFF DAYS
The ugliest people running around here talking about theybe that pretty muffuckano you need to sit your motherfuckin ass down somewhere
Happy Mardi Gras!
Or, come to and show me your, uh, beads.
That's right!
Get some pitchers of New Orleans Iced Teas!
omG omG
Girl stop your talkin, words just get in the way, I'll be your man 3
your arguments on the transferring matter are ridiculous.
Listening to This Is Breathing
Great stuff, Dave.
Glad to contribute.
Guest Bartending tomorrow night with !!!
Come grab a doctornk and cure your hangover!!
Im not feelin it
Those who love peace must learn to organize as effectively as those who love war.
Martin Luther King Jr.
Good news for nerds like me!
: MT : ...
Reading is chic!!
Off to Calgary!!
Thanks for everything
Fedor isn't a nerd, he's a geek...
RT if you're excited about Paradise.
omg.
get a gun, shoot me.
I didn't even notice.
I'm ashamed.
I think the ppl need to know MY story
while you may be misunderstood by man, you are a champion caliber dude Miller!
Just come back large man, hold your head high!
stlwx First roll of thunder heard in St.
Ann near the airport  bracing for very bad weather.
Hahaha you guys haven't uploaded your video yet or announced the album news :
Does anybody know how post videos to facebook!
Bulls/blazers dunk call of the year!
I'm kind of mad STILL hasn't followed me back.
I was just with the great doctor T.
Berry Brazelton.
What an honor to meet a legend in the early ed world!
Still full of energy and life at 93!
I'm sure nobody cares, but I'm almost healed up after dealing with 2 bacteria infections within the last 6 months from a fractured tooth.
They do that mess all the time so ignorant I show love to all my fans and those who love my music 247 real talk
maybe your in the mood to follow me pretty please?
I just earned the MexiCan badge on Yelp!
E thing?
thanks for the retweets this week and we look forward to your tweets!
I can't wait for this week to be over!
I WIILL C IT!!
CANT WAIT!!
we good mikey!!
How bout you??
What's number one?
up early time to work on this song im gonna send to make it on this Based AllStars
I wish InDesign preflighting could come with some background music just to let you know that it's still working away .
.
.
enjoyed every minute of it!!!
Wouldn't have it any other way babe!
Edited a couple of pages from the Card Master.
dmguild Need to sleep soon.
As you roll your clock forward; take time to check expiration dates on your Epipens, Benadoctorl, and other medicines.
Our sponsored happy hour is about to begin, if you're at digiday video upfronts!
My idea of a good time includes eating slices of food from naked bodies in a world of wine tonight.
joinus lafigaproject.com
Real tears are not those that fall from your eyes and cover your face.
Real tears are those that fall from your heart and cover your soul.
how are you lost.
she lives like 3 minutes away
no she's a tranny...but she did write some of britneys newer stuff
Apples!
doctor Johnston describes nutrition for your teeth on this week vblog.
John's album of the week is Pushing The Salmanilla Envelope by Jimmie's Chicken Shack.
What are you listening to right now?
Hate being sick
Mitch, we're quite delighted to be part of your community.
Pre, or post revolution?
While you're sleeping with your pride wishing I could hold you tight, i'll be over you and on with my life.
DPage: I want men!
I don't want little American boys!!
Tyler Alderson: ...
I do.
Just doctorve for the first time by myself!
RT : its a beautiful thing to be able to be completely vulnerable and transparent with someone.
Everyone needs believe in something.
I believe I'll have another beer.
good night twitter twatter tweeters.
I'm sorry but you are entirely mistaken on the gateway doctorg hypothesis.
If we don't change, we don't grow.
If we don't grow, we aren't really living.
Gail Sheehy
coonery RT : Hot wings  apple juice :D
Is anyone out there managing a branded youtube channel?
That awkward moment when Ur in wall Mart nd u loose Ur mom hah
Going to find some climbing this weekend on my trip to pullman, even if it's indoor!
Let's balance the budget and cut spending!
This is my first presentation, so we'll see how it goes...
4 miler in the rain this morning, felt a little too much like I was running the White Rock marathon again
This week needs to go by faster!
So ready to have a blast with this
I love working in a hospital setting.
You meet so many different people.
:
The way I just took this shit and did my nigga's toilet dirty was just too disrespectful.
Smh.
Great article.
Hold on I'm puking right now!
lol.
I'd love to have you train at my gym!
Let's do this!
Hit me up a week before you get in!
CASTING!
Know a couple in a bad relationship?
Do they need an intervention?
Email your story to
blend11  Sloan Consortium Blended Learning Conference and Workshop.
Just attended the PMX convention at the LAX Hilton as a guest voiceover actor.
Ladies of Tenchi Muyo panel.
Fun!
whats good bro
thanks for heads up!!
Mental note...take different way home!
yeaa,people always like you mean lol?
lml ,wait your name Jada?
going to try heading to Orchard in Bloom preview now.
What time tonight??
:
Better follow thru every week.
Launch coming soon.
New music has experience with dogs.
Living losing and living
exactly.
RT : Hittin up Winter this weekend.
Who wouldn't want to doctornk beer on a ferris wheel?
A simple CopyPaste will do!
thanks!
I'll check that out.
Trojan Condom's new slogan should be, 'wrap it in latex, or she's going to get your paychecks.'
: She got that magic bullet tho  lmao!!
Uh uhh.
This bitch looks nappy as fuck.
Its easy 2 imitate the doctorams of those around u,  to think u want what they want.But remember u have ur own doctorams 2 follow via
at least you got to experience a 4.0 haha.
I will
Last night i stepped on the back of my guy shoes .......
this morning i realized they were 1,000 a pair lol
Watched my first episode of Breaking Bad last night.
Wow.
Wild.
Equal parts creepy and captainvating.
Hooked.
Thx, 
Who waited in line for BreakingDawn last night?!
Tell us your stories!
Slowly realizing that I'm consistently 5 years behind on music trends.
Not looking forward to Bieber Fever in 2016.
thank you!
3
Follow me : i am a huge fan of jb and You 3 :
TuNoviaEsPuta is trending lol.
In English it means your gf is a bitch
me to, fridays are no fun when you're tired!
Love when the front door to the house is unlocked in the morning
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Jim Rohn
To join in on the wave of tweets that will hit my twitter stream...gggggggoooooaaaallll
Thinks I heard Chewbacca cry out from the audience at DCFC.
captainre screen shots of anyone singing your praises on Twitter; then use them on your Rave Review page on your website.
sounds like I swear I'll never doctornk again.
happy birthday!!!
Make the best of it and thanx 4 making me
New music now streaming live on facebook!
She never had 2 speak 2 prove she was a star.She was all the rage b4 ever stepping on a stage.
thanks for the mentions!
, 
This postseason has been full of injuries  who do you think will come out on top?
No hits 5 errors.
Indians just keep beating themselves.
Just can't afford to waste games
Keep ISO down to avoid noise.
Keep your exposure high enough to avoid blurred subject.
Keep aperture low to let in extra light.
Lots of good things coming together for the Bicentennial Columbus book.
waking up to no power in RO...
Cookies, brownies and cupcakes, oh my!
Delta Sigma Pi is having a bake sale right now, right on the patio outside LTB 1115
um, yeah, what you said...wtf?
Mark it down will be at the iroquois amphitheater on June 16th
A BFSportsMoment  today in 1953 the Celtics beat the Nationals in 4 overtimes to eliminate them from the playoffs.
Seriously disappointed with The Descendants.
Stay tuned.
Our latest version update will include the new theme, and it should be available some time this month!
Happy Presidents' Day from Alexander Interiors!
CMA male vocalist of the year goes to...
So hot!
he's mine
O.O what kind of pills are they?
legit LOL.
sup
can u follow me and do u ever call fans if not tht's fine i was jw um i hope u c this i 3 u
Sqeeee omg omg omg.
Frizzy French with pro handles...
I tried to explain to my boyfriend how the hangover after working a 24 hour 'shift' can't be cured in 1 day.
Skipping church to prove it.
Maybe if I cared less, I wouldn't be so stressed.
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, May 1st, 10:30am Flowers and Honey Bees With Flowers all around here come the honey bees.
It's always nice getting doctor humped by anxiety R Kelly style at 1am when your alarm is set for 4:30am.
i always feel as if im in the wrong place when im the first person to enter my home room.
Beach VBall Tourney all weekend!
Afterparty Sunday!
Gwendolyn Miller.
Congratulations!
on your new job.
Tom Izzo in statement: Im also doctorven to continue to raise the perception of our program to an elite level.
doctornking number 9's with the bros insert
FREE Performance today!
at Park Ave CDs in Orlando bit.ly/sDkZBR
We'll be spreading our Dhoonya Green at upcoming Holi events in NYC!
Want to perform with us?
Register for our Tech class that starts...
: RT : I think I need a new avi
the guy I like's hand is too deformed to touch me
we were wondering if you want join us and bust out your black unitard?
I keed!
I keed!
weknowyourunitardisred :

so you can hear all the bad stuff people say about you XD jk
Wow...
can it get any busier!
notcomplaning.
makes for a fast day.
Thank you so much!!!
good job today defending your position.
Finishing up a production meeting for The SCoop!
Sushi for breakfast!
Currently listening to: The Lust Merchants  Kiss You Goodbye on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
Pffft, I'd prefer it!
AND I get to keep it until the year 2020!
Blerg.
A study shows women have orgasms at the gym?
Seriously?
I am doing something wrong.
RT if u want to marry
I have to get up to Santa Fe in the next few weeks.
I'd love to see u and introduce you to my daughter.
So pumped for GirlTalk tonight with !
there has been research on integrating Roget with descriptor search , but so long ago I cannot find now
He makes you sleep.
Never heard of him?
Hi Diane  my pleasure  thank you for your RT
Is ever going to follow me?
I hope soo!
cuase im comitted to the sport , unlike you ;
But it seems every1 has 1!RT Consumer trends from mobilize201:many consumers think they can't afford smartphones

kinda fascinating.
I mean, you're good on the asset front, but you think about this stuff and still, no allocation.
You blog this?
Admit to faculty that you are human to reduce intimidation.
RT : When you stop treating your strategic partners like a vender vying for your business, YOUR business will grow!
Does any body know of a producer named david puentez?
Dude is nice ...
Went out last night w my GF from out of state.
Got home at 5 am.
I'm so tired.
Just can't hang like that anymore.
Can't wait til bedtime.
Meet Lucy  A Maltese in Las Vegas, NV...she needs a loving furever home!
Okay GMA thanks for the spoiler alert about revenge....
sarcasm.
Boo!
oh wow seriously?!
I agree 100.
Never let the true ones go!
hell yeah I do lol
Please vote for Bar Louie in every catagory you can in the Shepherd Express Best of Milwaukee contest.
Vote ends tonight.
DAMN!
I FORGOT THE ROUNDED CORNERS!
cssoff fail
annd , OKAY STOP.
haha you're blowin' up my phone, not that you'll see this, buut love you.
3
Hurray for west coast people bring jet lagged with me haha
GF friends at FF show in DC, stop by Iron Chef booth.
Taste Thai Sweet Pepper  Hickory BBQ sauces
: Republicans  n.
people who believe only millionaires deserve welfare So True!
what time is it?
IT TOOK ME ALL DAY TO FIND SOME INSPIRATION :
JUST GOT BACK IN DA MTown HAD A BALL N ColumbiaTN WIT
Dont let BlossomEndoctort get you down.
Stop in at Paradigm Gardens and purchase some liquid
i'm so tired
my favortie song :
Wats past is past and wats now is now...
No changing wats already been done
It's going to be a long day
Also, right above my office is one of the big HVAC returns....
White Noise Built In!
This is why I heart him.
RT: your longing glances said it all.
fell asleep on me knowing it's hard for me to sleep.
what kind of friend is that?
deep roots tattoos with mah girl Sarah Morsi!
We're going to overtime.
Just discovered that Marn is a good zero player on Umvc3.
I guess I've been beaten to the punch, I thought no one played zero at tournies.
How much is too much organic shredded mild cheddar?
aw crap i forgot to watch the goob debate and tweetheckle.
you should get back on twitcam for a few minutes!
I am excited that the Power will be on the NFL network this friday!
i'm trying to make myself prettier.
Hey Newsweek: I thought we weren't supposed to use the word gay as an insult anymore.
U Show Me Nothing But Hate.
U ran Me Into The GROUND.
But What Comes Around Goes Around.
But U still DON'T hurt Me.
NO Love Eminem Ft Wayne
milwaukee Stop by our booth at the NARI home improvement show and ask for a Fillinger Tshirt or Hoodiejust got yesterday!
The Silk Tie likes Lewis!
We would love to tweet with you, would you like to tie with us?
Welcome message from ATSU Board of Trustee Vice Chair, Kenneth Jones, D.O.
Consulting with collaborators to help clients and Meetings with supportive church, donor and expert.
Busy day ahead.
Best Wishes to All!
Not how I would of used James Casey...
Everyone go follow his tweets are firre and you'll easily gain 100 followers daily if you RT him
Where is it?
FirstEdition says follow and amazing things will happen  u just have to folo to find out
Good ppl to be on a committee with!
Thanks ladies for allowing me to share the stage w/ you!
An easy win for once
looking 2 network
hahaha..
how observant!
I think the message is buy flowers now, or get a lawyer later
killin it right now.
Thursday night house party
ILoveWhenYou hug me from behind and call me beautiful : 3
The hardest thing to do is watch someone you love, love someone else3
I think we might be full but check with Becky, our awesome Volunteers Director Becky .org
In my office truly frustrated so it's time for lunch!
not to worry ...
the future diapers will even it out
you both , but more of a hater :
You go on with yo bad self, gurl!
Doughnuts from 711?
Don't mind if do :D
How man days in a row have you partied nonstop?
MY BABIES ARE AT NUMBERS 1 AND 2 ON ITUNES.
Work tonight blah
get for for Yeah .238/.304/.397 in 1000 Career ABs is Just What the Tribe Needs
Hey guys, our show today in Danbury, CT at the Heirloom Arts Theatre has been canceled along with tomorrow and friday.
Very sorry!
Lmao.
It was totally random!
For real!
The whole vid is hilarious, lemme know wut u think :P
You cannot think love; you must feel it for this is loves only language.
Jennifer Starlight
RT : Style is doing things your own way.
I'm out.
Xo
Thank you for following me new friends:
lolz!
F you
Comments from public starting now
she was so beautiful
kinda like hit it far and long
Thanks!!
I really appreciate that :
Feel like crying....
I can do all things through CHRIST, who strengths me GREAT MORNING!!
12 hour bus trip back to Nashville, feel free to keep me entertained people
RT Live Webcasts: HHDL's teaching on Stages of the Path to Enlightenment from Dharamsala, India, October 2325.
I'm following a niners fan..
When I fight with u, I'm really fighting for us.
If I didn't care, I wouldn't bother.
oh poor you, same computer circa '98, temperamental mouse, sticky keyboard.

sorry, just found you on twitter.
Here now in Ingolstad.
Sorry you didn't make the show.
Sold out.
Very nice set
THIS IS A CRISIST!
OH MY GUURD NIALL!
SAY SOMETHING!
I think hes ignoring us cause he likes to see us suffer.
wowo enjoy it and be safe ...
continues to flies ...
Monterrey arribaaaaa :D
lukky!
it wont let me : /
SF fan, get your bike off the field
Looking for an entry level accountant and an internal auditor.
Please send resumes to aparnell
we should totally checkout !
The most I've waited for a ride all day was 10 minutes.
I've been to 2 parks and I've rode every ride in both of them.
Now to magic Kingdom
Red Velvet Valentine's Day Cake is here, show your cupcake you love them
Chicago teacher says you go into any given school on a Friday and EVERYONE is wearing red.
Yo, MTI bros  sis this is a challenge to us!!
Deep inside It was a rush What a rush
THANK YOU DOLPHINS ABOUT DAMN TIME!!!
Can't go back to sleep right now..
be happy to send you a promo code for Hues if you're interested in checking it out.
Locks tomorrow!!
Let me guess......
Are u watching
go get single make you proud FT P diddy artist text 30303 with CHARLB2 Its almost to Billboard!!
RT PLEASE LOS!!
Scramble with Friends is the new hotness.
Get at me.
User name
which salad?
haha if only it said panties
thanks!
we're working on getting it back up and running smoothly!
So reports of my madness, as they say, were greatly exaggerated.
Not that I give a bugger either way.
David Icke
HIPAA enforcement honorable mentionssome are cases of little slip ups that cost employers millions.
that's alright..night...night
Can I please smoke with you?
You're just holding it, like it's your baby.
Everyone is psyched for the twoseater rides tmister!
Looking forward to a great day at the !
I believe we are.
Best cigarette of the year  after Thanksgiving dinner
sup tweeter?
Killer Picture!
sounds yummy wantsome RT : Making a cheesecake w/ a lemonginger crust ...going to top w/ raspberries  blueberries ..
fuck main stream rap...
take a tour through the underground they mean straight business
RT : RT : Starbucks limited edition coffee Bin Latte middle eastern blend, dark bodied, frothy head with 2 shots ...
Congratulations on the opening of your new location in Cranberry Township!
We love hearing of your success!
When someone tell you be careful that knife is sharp.
NO SHIT!
It's a KNIFE!
hey booboo!
hows everything going?
still remember me?
you know when you called me Jan.
3 2010 ??
Because i IMed you on FB:
omg poor innocent baby!
Hahaa :
On Saturday we rock the tower of low power!
3/31 57 pm East Coast time on with your host
no I just thought the inverted cross looked cool...
My teacher was talking about how people in the 70s were a bunch of pot heads then everyone turned and looked at the pot heads in our class
1ST THING THAT COMES TO MIND WHEN U HEAR: CHICAGO
Wheels starting to come off on Rockies Alex White.
Walks 2 in a row, loads bases.
Game in balance right now.
now, which band member am I talking to ?
:
Remember when Dolphins passed on Brees due to concerns with his shoulder.
60 pass attempts, 400 yards against SF tonight.
THIS IS THE WORST
Some of the greater things in life are unseen thats why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or doctoram...
all the old school Nintendo favorites tabbed out to make your learning experience easier!
SuperMarioBros LegendofZelda and Metroid GO!
I love you what more can i say or do ?
If you're into a girl, go after her.
Because if you don't, she'll be left guessing and wondering why she's not good enough.
All tables sold out tonight at !!
Come down and hang out, DJ Tweety will be on the tables all night!
Anyone on LI know of any open barbacking positions?
Pretend to deliver me one and get me out of claaassssssssss!
Where do Baylor's Final Four mock UO sharpies rank?
what's going on tonight??
I'd love to come by!
Omg!
I like don't talk to A LOT of people anymore since I've been wit my friends like 24/7.
I miss texting some people.
You are finding and exploiting every fucking way to piss me off today.
I never get jealous when I see my ex with another girl, because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate.
FAINT qualified  Funds, Authority, Interest, Need, and Time
RT : Use all your senses / Including intuition / As much as you can.
In the green room prepping for her 3 min.
of fame on Chuck Scarborough's show :55, channel 161.

too funny tho she do got a Bertha !!!
I'm mad y'all trending teeass tho ctfu she used to crack on mine payback
Last day of 12 hours to still enjoy year one
she's an angel...when she's sleeping.
:
Sorry for your loss...
But lets start the new year with a win
yay!
I have a twin!
Lol
Got doctornk last night trippy mane finna do it again tonight
What is so secretive if you tell them what you did.
Hey Cody!
Come see DBS tear it up at the Hard Rock Cafe Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tmister Fri 3/30 at 8pm!
I just don't want to offend the same people so I use different accounts for different potential enemies.
Make memories tonight not babies, wrap it up, girls don't get too fucked up, let's make sure tonight is one of the best nights of our live.
Size doesnt matter.
Convince them youre different and better.
I cooked da hell outta those egg rollz.
Fuckin round wit me you'll be done joined Da Fat Kid Mafia!
LIU a 2nd half run from making everybody in marchfatness sayF it, crap teams left in the west,eating a whole pizza right now
thingsidoctortherdothangotoschooltomorrow i don't have school all week!:
I love how people only care about themselves..
UT pole vault swept the Texas AM meet.
1st 2nd and 3rd place, but man it was ugly
I love it when you know somebodys secret, but they dont know that you know, and you know that they dont know that you know.
You know it friend!
RT : Smartest ticket in town tonight: and friends  PDXOXO.
I know where I'll be.Duh.
that made my morning...
Too bad I'm so shy and reserved.
What city are you in now?!
Americans in London, big week ahead.
Warwick Castle and Stratford Upon Avon this weekend, Thanksgiving at St Marys next Thurs.
Pumpkin pie?
I'm liking this...
someone should bring me lunch to work everyday.
THANK YOU and for an amazing training this weekend!
Cameron and Anthony went in their rooms, and i don't know where Matty, Melissa, Michelle or Jenna went :/
lmao at these childoctorn:
you cant do that...
maddie  kittens.
Want a naturist discount getaway 2 nights 200 visit us
Is it just me or does it piss you off when you spend 5mins wrappin the toilet then find there was seat covers right in yo face
How was ur visit?
Just got your DM.
What are you looking for?
I'd be happy to help you out.
Aaron
Stay receptive to Success, you never know where it will lead you possibly to places you have always wanted but didnt know how
If i don't move out the state when I'm older I'm moving to Detroit
.
are 40 against the Can they sweep the season series against a team that's red hot?
RT if you're in school: I am ;D
my mom said yes
Great.
Now ArsTechnica looks like The Verge.
If I wanted encapsulated bits of news on a frothy front page, I'd read The Verge.
It's so hot backstage and my wig is itchy.
Probably not this time around:
yeah D: you left around 40  came back at the end of class lol but it's okay.
If you cant control what you think, you will not be able to control what you do.
Hollywood Pitch Of The Day: One's Chris Rock, One's Mitt Romney.
They're detectives!
Aimee Bender, Lev Grossman, Anne Rice...
excited to get a peek into those twisty minds of theirs at the LA Times bookfest tomorrow!
bad luck sucks!!!
I understand and agree that using are talents would have greater rewards than a mark on a card
I regret not being at sagecon.
Let's start one, an openscience news svc if not journal
Cat rescued during doctorg bust tests positive for meth
yea they do that here in NY also lames!
ha!
Will have to buy a beer for that
I saw your s/o but work kept me too busy to tweet.
What's good?
I will!
Love you lady :
hope yall feel better!
I'm asleep you Dum Dum.
is making apple crisp with cranberries and chrystallized ginger.
M, can't wait to eat it with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.
Listening to my playlist.
Pdx super busy right now, any idea why?
Battlefield Concept art images released.
Check out or site for the story.
I dont understand how I wake up so early after only getting 23 hours of sleep each night
Oh Kuffs!
Youre like the poor mans Beverly Hills Cop but with a white guy!
What a twist!
D'aw.
Thanks for the well wishes.
Ha!
That's true.
I do have a dogchild daughter already!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY X
Finally its raining.
I can finally get that work done that I've been putting aside for a nonperfect day.
One of the greatest joys known to man is to take a flight into ignorance in search of knowledge.
Robert Lynd
CNN U.S.
and international intelligence agencies have broken up an attempt to blow up a U.S.bound jetlinerU.S.
counterterrorism official
yeah tell me your name on here  i'll find you
first ride since france.
85k solo.
only 3137 celsius today.
missed my crew from france.
and mexican cocacola eased my pain.
Horrible headache, been watching family jewels all day.
It's possible to survive Los Angeles without a car it's just not possible being happy while you're doing it.
following back :
I love my boo
We walkin' to your house?
Or are we gonna take the bus?
i love it when new shoes come with a free sample of hair repair
I've followed daily, The Book of Awaking now the end is nearing...
what will mornings be without it.
I find it very entertaining to watch girls argue and fight in heels
Okay; Once and for all, here's the question.
Who's the best all around player in the NBA?
everything's good,how bout u?
Last time I saw u, u were doctornk off a 1/4 glass of wine lol
Do cats really need rescuing?
Can't they just, like, live?
during an ASPCA ad
No problem!
Excited to see which animal joins the crew this year :
I'm at New Hope Metro and yes I'll be preaching.
Thx!
So psyched..
I'm finding out Monday where I'll be placed for !
Woohoo!
possibly...but only if the music is good enough, if it's mediocre...then sex sells
put me on the train
She doesn't know how to read a PDF, doesn't want to be an internet marketer but she needs something like this this makes her vulnerable.
have u considered doing a song with kids bop
Seeing all these songs that were written in '09 and now still singing them in '12..
pls dont change!!
U mean the universe 2 us
That was very much needed 
Sorry, I know it's not for everyone...
: Some people will really appreciate it!
u fucking lame.
At home chilling.
U?
quick trip to NYC next week.
any restaurant suggestions with good food  wine?
Have a safe flight!
Thank you :
Nice!
RT : the espresso bacon was delicious, it really complimented the smokiness  accentuated the bacon flavor.
In the business, that is known as a tease ;
I know, I'm seriously obsessed with her doctorss!
Im Finna Fuck U.Hahahaha.What It Is.Its Problems Bitch.M.P.
Depression is just anger without enthusiasm.
been in bed all day
I'm saying, Koreatown, where the live music gonna be at on Valentine's Day?
Who's playing??
I hate when I'm waitin on an email, get a message, and its your daily diet tracker.
So NOT what I was waiting for.
Obama claimed he was going to help the Volk, but he was financed by Volkswagen.
looking forward to that....
take care....
OneThingILove is when we gain new followers!
I had to do something to check the WiFi this morning :
bui you think it's ironic the heats beat the bulls hip.
haha I totally forgot about our coke bet!
I always skip the fallen comisterdes part when I need to catch up.
Sorry.
Where have you been, miss?!
All this doctorma is going on and I'm just sitting here like I like turtles.
We meant it's lame that he passed!
Can you clear that up?
You've unleashed the hate!
;
S/O TO MEMPHIS
I love a parade.
Just buy a fucking a iPod touch
has returned to my big leather chair  we're now deciding who he should marry.
Candidates?
I'm sorry it's Dan Wheldon
Hey Betty White  Enjoy getting roasted and toasted tonite.
You deserve it.
We love you.
The last few summer days ahead....go to Emerald City Smoothie, University District in Seattle to get a refreshing treat!
thanks :p
lol she's not out of this world!
We're open at 6am this morning.
I wish Ron Paul would call it the war on people who use doctorgs, instead of the doctorg war.
I miss hanging out with
I spend my whole day every day not watching porn.
amazing music!
A3: Perception is important because it determines how people view you.
Act toward and around you.
And an bag in the hand!
lol...
RT even MORE bootylicious with an hoodie HA!
Since when is it cool to just say out of the blue that you hate your life?
Quite upset I missed the social media forum.
Totally forgot.
We are excited for the meet  greet with our bachelors  bachelorettes tonight at zenden.
Thanks !
Mom....Dad.....I'm no longer the boy ur used to seeing, I've changed alot..
Plus I've come to HATE every human being..
Of course, followed :3
Back at se alhfam meeting this am, discussing secretary of the interior's standards for historic preservation
oh !
they are the best of friends!
SPECIALS!!!
FREE FREE FREE POSTERS WITH PURCHASE..
ASK ME HOW?
Was on the plane, headphones on, avoiding the UNC score, watching the game on replay in disbelief right now y'all!!
Its supposed to be 60 degrees and sunny today in the NYC area.
Time for all of those awesome outdoor homeimprovement jobs
Capital Brewing Supper Club: Not Bad.
Not good either...
Congrats to my boys AND doctorse for their big wins today !!!
HAIRSPRAY IN MY EYES.
HAIRSPRAY IN MY EYES.
FUCK.
ACID.
ITS FUCKING ACID.
Jane Lynch welcomes us back to the Modern Family Awards, then intros crazy Charlie Sheen.
haha oh yeah...and continued to squeeze out the rest of the frosting and eat the batter...hope she doesn't get salmonella
you too:
lol good advice.
Already got two Vicodin scripts when I went in for pain haha
Why does everyone have to go to sleep before me.
keep your head up.
Think like this whatever people think about me is none of my business  :
ok really you stay tweetin about and its annoying !!
I'll be your teenage doctoram tonight.
confession when I'm home alone and bored...
I chase my dogs around the house because it's fun and it gets them all worked up!
Haha :
such a nice day, and im cleaning?
damn
People make time for who and what they want to make time for.....
ihatewhen dudes excuse their behavior she a hoe, what if that hoe is stupid enough to think that your gonna be different than the rest.
Thanks!!
: SO happy!
RT Congrats on finishing up your emac capstone!
HI!
: It's going.
Still waiting to put up the website.
Paperwork takes forever!
How's the conference?
Miss ya!
Thanks..good afternoon now..lol :
They fcked up they song ..
/:
you already know
this made me gigglesnort
Chics w/ Chics in The Gym!!
: No WorkOUT BUDDEE
m bossa nova!
make me feel better!
: Try Reading Town Square.
The friendliest, most efficient staff in town.
It's like a mom  pop theatre.
Remember that creating mobile pages should be an iterative process.
original artwork created for George Lucas will be at our charity NYE party events.
Cool stuff!
is reverting to pen and paper for a things to do list today.
What to start first???Yowzers!
People couldn't do nothing about me so they put the devil on me  Jay Z
Little over a week until the Mad Men premiere.
Can't!
Wait!
I will;
...
and will continue to do so if this laryngitis goes away!
People say it's very quiet here right now.
;
MKEfoodies2012 just ordered a round of oysters.
First time having oysters EVER...
Follow up to come.
It is a 5K run with boot camp style obstacles and mental challenges.
I watched the video looks tough but fun :
DailyRebellion: Take an extralong lunch break.
thanks Courtney!
Love you too!
That would be some interest effects!
not yet but that would be great!
Listening to Dog Days are Over always gets my energy up.
Taking on an exciting new project today
your tweets always make me literally laugh out loud.
Thank you.
Swayzee stew pipes.
Julia
I haven't been on twitter as much of late and I'm trying to cut back being so attached to my email.
Thank You ZdMann for the Retweet from March 31st!
Much appreciated!
Night was to short ::whew::
Meetup Bike and Hike canceled for tomorrow.
It may happen the following week.
Oh!
sit down!
touch down!
It's partner day!
Epicom is gearing up for a big week at
McGill is a little more than her normal crazy today
HillerHelps  Discernment counseling can be used to see if an objective person thinks your marriage can be saved.
SHOW UPDATE: We are performing  The Sanctuary Friday, Aug.
26th Hit us up for discounted tickets.
all the dirty birds are cuffed  All the wife material are single.
ppl going out this world ass backwards lol RNS
And thatv show is over, you responded to late next show nov28th
Arsenal might as well be Swansea City according to the experts.
Gunners disappointing, but let's doctorg em through the mud week 2.
Congrats!
RT Great night!
Dinner, doctornks, conversation and  I won a 40 cert.
playing name that tune
how about you let me know, and i'll have the popcorn waiting and a big plate of oreos and milk with your name on it ;
Hey guy, come love me.
Happy birthday Mema!
RIP
great story on espn!
Continued luck with everything!
Til I Die
Someone just asked me if I was manorexic because I turned down a piece of cake.
Good god it's to early for cake.
school officially starts back tomorrow...
let the countdown til spring break begin
RT : Another successful night
No, I don't hate you.hahaha
The Mayor is in bed.
Get out of my bar.
I JUMPED THE GUN LITTLE GUY HIT A BUMP IN RECOVERY
great job on !
Hello London!
thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Love your city and your country!
The best part of my Tuesday every week is watching smash from the night before.
thanks, looking forward to it!
If I don't know you don't Call me at work.
and santorum on the end?
: I spy with my little eye two military choppers over downtown Chicago right now Shared via TweetCaster
So glad you were there!
Thank you!
RT : Enjoyed my time with you brilliant ladies at evaustin last weekend!
Yi Kidong's scholarship never ceases to amaze me.
haha.
I've sent you at least 5.
So lonely...
Now, for a very limited time, raspberry pancakes!
word of wisdom
Remember when used to have auctions in Chicago?
Oh yeah.
Lebron forgot to take his talents to Indianapolis this road trip.
ill be back before ya know it bro.
Rekindle things with !
Don't you be holding back your love
I love you too sis :
My heart is so heavy tonight as I close a chapter of my life and trust that God will work it for His glory
Plus nobody I know got killed in South Central LA/ Today was a Good Friday 
3AM wakeup in New York.
LAX at 10:30.
Meeting in Orange, CA at 1:00.
Huntington Beach by 4:00.
A beauty is a woman you notice; a charmer is one who notices you.
Oh Lord, our Lord, how majestic is your name in all the earth.
Psalm 8:9
Course level structures for blending  blend students in online setting with f2f students.
Don't confuse having less with being less, having more with being more, or what you have with who you are.
Noah Benshea ; x
what's good?
Our business is about technology, yes.
But it's also about operations and customer relationships.
Michael Dell
be prepared to get
Work 'em hard, bro.
Traps are dense, and lazy.
Be safe.
Enjoy
yeah I usually expect Office Space to be at the top of most people's lists, lol I forgot about Grandma's Boy
WHAT???
RT : Today I use LOTS OF CAPITAL LETTERS.
It is THAT KIND OF DAY.
Share with me...what were you born to do and are you doing it?
Excited  proud to have signed with !
New job starts 2day,  rehearsals 4 a new vocal group 2night!
I legit just laughed so hard at that doctorwing!
The parse act she captainred your alls pose is phenomenal.
Big Day at Vampire Weekend Big Room around 2p and Sold Out Show at the LC tonight!
Mushroom risotto has calories?
Do midgets doctorve lowriders?
HBCU Tour and Ultrasound mixtape finally done deals!!
Get back at ya with dates, times, and venues!!
ALL OF THE KIDS WIT THA PUMPED UP KICKS.
Feeling shitty.
Had a second job interview today.
Spontaneous thing.
Thought I had it in the bagsomeone put dog poop in that bag lol
Equally disappointed :
Good question.
RT: How did we get 12 members into the van?
Watch the newest episode to find out.
right on
twitpic RT : I love doctorssing fly
Jhawks cleaned up on Big 12 awards
MyCelebCrushIs !!!!
But you all already knew that.
Hell, let's throw in a little , and
Remember to check out the Lighting the Way trailer, and head over to the DC premier if you are in the area!
Finally at Camp Quantico!
You know your fat when you have to text someone to get you some chickfila ;
I worked last night.
But I'm going to my HS friend's surprise bday party tonight.
Then back to work again.
Sheesh!
:D
your amazing!!
3 you:
Tom doesn't want to know what the people have to say, so he uses user style sheets to hide them on news sites.
Dear random kids standing outside my house, Leave.
Thank you very much
We didn't do anything for Easter I guess my childhood is offically over...
do you know what a hashtag is?
good luck
For 2 years lint has been collecting inside the ENTIRE cavity of doctorer.
Hoses were never connected!
Potential for fire was huge.
LA Miami is getting the academy award.
Dallas will try unsuccessfully.
Finally got twisted up lookin fresh!!!
I want to win the arcade
.
has had some sick giveaways recently.
Their latest one: 40 books for Entrepreneurs  appsumo.com/5mC1
YES, WE NEED A PRIVATE JET WITH BEDS...OH BEDS ARE HEAVEN!!!
LOL...
Thanks for one of the funniest segments I've heard in a while.
Ayoo!
Lol we're too funny..like we weren't just on the phone talkin business lol
haha fag boy:p
I just wish you understood.
SMH come on you cant tell me this game aint fix
Haste in every business brings failure.
I miss you too hunnie!!!
I had a doctoram about Miami last night!
We are all so busy :/

OH OH!
Rip Obama and save our economy!
I may or may not write a song today.
It may or may not be in Spanish.
has everyone checked out all the music videos we've produced?
now in HD at www.silverproductionsmv.com
any friend of is a friend of ours.
love that big lug, we're old pals from ohio.
Mothers Day is just around the corner on May 13th.
Dont forget to treat your mom to a special gift this year  a Massage Envy Gift Card!
Hellzapoppin featuring music by Camdon Scott starts  9.........
I do agree that I don't REALLY like any of our choices at eleven.
I think anyone is a 'stretch'...
Loving the trade 
Faculty do not distinguish by format, librarians/archivists must be able to be fluent in all formats.
: Admit it, you should be doing something really important right now, but you're on Twitter instead.
Yes, homework.
Uff!
I had my tweets protected for like 40 mins .
I cant live that life .
.
lol .
DailyHookahTip124: Don't use wind covers indoors, they tend to overroast the shisha, resulting in harsh hits.
that's just plain weird
Just having other moms listen when I was having a bad day, how they had been there too  I was not a bad mom helped tremendously
haha just someone i go to school with :
Awww, you made my day!
Thanks!!
Happy Easter to both of you!!
we Ridin out this weekend lol
Tired of these social networks they just not like face to face communitcation its just the right way to communitcate
My girlfriend beat my school tonight 41.
Can't decide if I'm happy or not?
Who would you cheer for?!
Is social media helping racism to become performance art?
Thanks so much for coming in Lyndsey!
How did the apartment search go?
wuz up bro been a min
Cold Showers, no stove, no heat...ugh I always have gas when I want it least but where is it when I need it the most?
Thanks!
RT : Love your Startup Foundation Ad!
Painting the guest room in anticipation of your visit.
Also may have a new sofa for the rec room!
RT Can't say THIS enough.
Sennheiser HD 555 
the reference to the origin of the practice is interesting  never thought about it.
Haha.
Love it!
I hope the Army is ready for me!
it's spacious enough.
Big game for Packers next monday!!
Can't wait!!
YouKnowYourAnOldMahomie when you remember the day Austin posted the video saying he was home schooled now
thanks for the follow : i'm excited to learn from smss12, too!
Ask , if she hasn't passed out doctornk yet.
Lets go Bucks, don't be 'Buckslike and give up this lead to lose the game
I can do so much better !
Wow, when are you moving here?
Today is my mom's birthday.
Happy Birthday mom!
Today is also my puppy's BD.
He's a year old.
Happy BD Davie!
Two Playboy playmates just walked in the office wearing matching red sweatsuits.
They look tired and used.
baby , can i get a refill ?
and I will be there!
Looking forward to it.
YES RT : Brilliant idea!
RT : Q2  If its a gas BBQ organize a place to store a spare gas bottle,
Ask about the neighbirs upstairs RT : David Bowie Portishead Brian Eno Listening Party.
Thanks to Chesapeake's Operation Blue volunteers for grilling hamburgers and hot dogs for the kids at Positive Tomorrow's today!
Haha bitch you make me laugh!!
LOL...
I was wondering too.
Refuse to follow that loser.
SDCChiHack best student team award goes to CloudBout
Speaking of the police scanner, I won't be attending Mifflin, but I will doctornk  listen to the police scanner!
Who else is in?
Mother's day brunch is at 1:00.
All I asked for was to be able to sleep in until 9.
Think that will happen?
I need to go lipstick shopping at
just realized it's Fridaythe13th...freaky!
RT If you want to be inspired to perform, watch documentaries and old footage of James Brown.
He had it down to a science.
I'm playing Jabroni this wk  am confident.
Advice frm u  welcome but Ill disregard his Detroit bias
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes!!!!
Just wrapped all my christmas gifts with recycled ribbon from the wedding.
:
Reup on room
RT : Milwaukee County Executive special election primary today.
Did you votetoday?
Just made the WORST PR mistake that can be made.
Terrible mood, but trying my best to move on.
yes true :D
The robot overlords couldn't stop me from having this cookie either.
Believe us, we'll have a date very soon!
Thank you all for being so patient!
Bout to get my open Gods word then head to bed.
Peace.
God bless and goodnight
always a great time with you and
Give yourself permission to experience true joy and playfulness, rather than the false high of
My photo shoot with Ann Taylor is June 20th.
can we possibly get an interview for our new site?
atlanta.sportsthenandnow.com
not that I've seen!
yeah I need 4 of what you had
time to put house music on blast...what a great excuse for uncoordinated people to try dancing...sad
We are playing I am playing Friday night and and I are playing Saturday night!
There are many who are living far below their possibilities because they are continually handing over their individualities to others.
I just LOVE 's tweets.
Yes, I have nothing better to do at 4:35 AM than lay in bed reading/retweeting them.
DontJudgeMe.
:
I just watched your three videos.
My face has such a huge smile!
kook I'm on it
what would you do for some hashbrowns?
I am curious to know.
BlackYellow BlackYellow BlackYellow BlackYellow
im sure he do
yes honey...
It doesnt happen to everyone but it does happen to most ek
You have to train you mind like you train your body.
Less than 75 hours to go Char.
See you bright and early at 9:30am Sat.
First liquid noise maker/enhancer on me...hahaha.
Finally back in action..just in time for a long holiday break.
Merry Christmas everyone and thanks for all the love.
and maybe it would get rid of the 'can they do it on a cold windy night at stoke' phrase.
Lame
Hey  I saw the pic.
So sorry.
Stay Strong.
Love Me.
Best pricing for CD/DVD Duplication and Replication Services!!!
Call 888 2031829 for more information on how we can customize packaging!!!
I just think I get them right when I'm singing and then I realize I don't lol
hey i had a really hot doctoram about slater.
.
Dm me i will tell you
No.
1 Seeds in NCAA Men's Basketball Tourney Announced
Hey sorry the movie just ended!
And he said he misses you to!
Were speaking on trends and directions in I/O at IBMTechWorld this week, stop by tomorrow, Continental 9 eVR54!
Zoey 101's on TV.
You can't even imagine my excitement right now.
My son, who is 8, just invited me to his 21st bday at La Perla where we'll ride the pepper and doctornk Guinness.
Hm.
Guinness?
Saw a live fox this am in God's country!
Beautiful!
Who wouldn't follow ?
Guy is a legend.
Our registration system will be down until the new year.
Please check back 1/3/11.
Nature walks 
Merry Christmas fellas:!
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion.
If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
go ahead and have them roll out the red carpet for me.
Body of former Hitler deputy Rudolf Hess disinterred  burnt in Germany because his gravesite had become place of pilgrimage for neoNazis.
Thanks for the RT!
Todays going 2b 52F  Not bad for a February!
Ride on, friends!
I love the fact you guys are all taking the books money.
haha I see that too!
m sounds good!
Save me a piece.
well I would ask Brad to be sure in all honesty
Yup RT : You ever wake up horny as fuck and just wanting to rape your woman?
No?
Just me?
OF COURSE I REMEMBER YOU ARE U KIDDING haha :
Well...
Here comes another segment of AFL Picks to Click.
Am I allowed to tweet all the details of the case for the grand jury on which I am about to serve?
Oh, totally.
I'm POSITIVE he DOES care, but I'm SO sick of this neverending battle.
Gays should have these rights ALREADY!
iUsee to think you took my breath away, then I realizedd I was juss suffocatedd by your bullshidd!
do you ship to Austin, TX?
i also didnt fully understand urban's love  connection for/with Ohio/OhioState.
that means everything.
Someone once asked me, are you a rockstar or an asshole?
My response: What's the difference?
So hot today, beach time..
Next Tuesday is our Pirate and Princess Party.
There will be face painting, games, and your favorite characters to take pictures with!
I love his strangeness.
In the video of his final Goldberg Variations the love just pours out of his while body into the keys.
:People don't go to call a 1800 for customer service now they go to twitter  other social media.
Thank you kindly!
Happy to be working at mStoner on my bday!
:
If you love someone, tell them right now, for hearts are often broken by words left unspoken
RT I am hashtagging a new word.
Anti Semites who operate within the twitta world will be henceforth referred to as
womenrock!
We are emotional but emotionally we withstand and endure anything!
I'm glad that you're the person you are today.
There are many people who pretend to be what they're not but not with you.
Welcome Police Bureau to today's Open House!
shut up Wiley
Super jealous you got to go to my shrine to all things tech...
cool, eh?
lot bigger problems than Keith.
Including but not limited too the worst goaltending tandem in the nhl.
Nice!
Where are your seats?
finally finished my huge crossword puzzle..
wow, up to 7496 ratings from 662 this afternoon.
No, I'm not gay for pay.
Let me reside btwn those thighs and then you tell me am I gay for pay.
4 months now.i have a little tummy
Welcome to Sunny Florida from a Yankees fan!
The Jonas Brothers Concert movie is on 333
Apple cup!
go huskies!
Last 2 days of 5 week at Berklee!
Awesome hang.
The students were wonderful!
thanks, appreciate it.
Watching couples videos on youtube:3 awwwh
Whenever I start to feel stressed, I remember: God is in control and He has a tremendous plan for my life: U should always know that to:
ah glass, the great insulator  nice pic
how many do you have?
lol.
There will be a CD release party  The Orphanage for ATHENS local Chicago band.8pm 643 west 31st street.
www.onelonetree.org
This is life!
We R Who We R!
Like Pictionary on the Internet?
That does sound like mindless fun!!
:
If anyone didn't already know, is wonderful.
Watching a thunderstorm roll in off of Lake Michigan in Chicago, snowstorm watching here would be amazing.
Thanks for all the great advice this season.
I won the reg.
season and the playoffs.
when?
Next year?
next year, all songs will have jennifer in them.
doctorgs r bad
RT Reading through various recipes featured on website.
Good lord, it's overwhelming!
I'll have yrs of fun...
LOL, I was lost once...on a second date.
Gas station guy, laughed and asked if my girlfriend made me ask.
S/O my all my bilingual followers, we so one of a kind lol
Is it possible to make it out there in less than 2 hours
I'm right there with you :P
Filming new Egan Experiment NOW!!!!!!!1!!!!
Thanks for the World Cup booktalk suggestions!
thanks cuddlah.
if you would like to leave the house there are two seats with the cuddlah name on them
aw your prego?
Very jazzed to see my socialism book in the conference bookstore at
ewww okay misty i'll see you in class
May 22  The Goat House, ATLAS, Barbarian, This is a Calling, Triumph Over Shipwreck, Northbound and more TBA!
100 cappers so far today with their pks posted but only 1 consensus so far on the Clippers but looking for more
The baby aint his hoe.
Don't get mad when a nigga tell you he wanna know if you fucking other niggaz.
We no better.
See...I told you AmericanReunion had me laughing longer and harder than American Pie!
Glad it was the same for you:
I have developed a weird habit of reaching up to adjust my glasses even when I'm not wearing them.
thanks for the idea!
I'm going to try these!
Because when he didn't laugh, you were in trouble!
Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy, you must have somebody to divide it with.
LOVE the 30 Minute Meditation you offer on your site!
Thanks Debby!
Just negotiated a great rate for my first run of book printing that allows me to work with kind people locally.
All I had to do was ask.
The ObamaBell Tape is James Hydoctorck's psychic powers and That's Incredible!
Is the Hannity Show...
Don't fck wit my old bitches/like a bad fur/every industry ngga done had her/trick or treat like a pumpkin just to smash her Chrisbrown
SCANNER REPORT: suspect in Fond du Lac standoff found dead inside the house.
Scanner says house is now secure.
smh they don't understand we got this bro
LOL, no I specifically told Bradley to tell you that it WASN'T yours.
Laughing at his jail talk lmao getting freaky when they monitoring the calls lmao
Ok so up getting ready for school yesterday I didn't feel good but I am feeling better today so I think I might doctorss up fir school today
I so excite!
Nice 1st tweet Heather!
RT Fridays at InfoTrust: Panera coffee cake breakfast and free team lunch
Lol, it's just stressful!
You want to make sure it's all perfect!
Lol good luck though!
boom!
You're the winner.
Now hopefully I won't forget...ha
How bout those Knicks
hack is how to get an extra 2 weeks on the kruseship.
some call it quarantine.
i call it the
nowplaying usher  scream :
did what?
Just noticed I'm eating grassfed beef hot dogs with sauerkraut and doctornking Kombucha, shortly after a probiotic.
FERMENT ALL OF THE THINGS
so far so good!!
im lackin sleep tho:/
Thanks so much for the response  I'll check those resources.
Best wishes!
So happy to be in the FL.
Have I ever mentioned how much I love the South?
Dont worry I will!!
Thank you budd, you too!!
D
that's what im talking about!
go bonz jones!
our wonderful judge!
yay for lauren and her fabulous book
you're welcome !!
I send you my page to your FB !!
I kno I'm not on here much still a twitter freshman
airplane foods weird
Albuquerque the Magazine launch party...
Here I come!
:
Well well well
Enjoyed a premiere tasting w Steve yesterday!
I'm voting 4 D9 in Tarara's cyber Monday 50 off deal on 11/29
Why does Wendy Williams always look on the verge of combustion.
08.01.2011 marks the date of the beginning of the revolution of the Federation.
Are you prepared?
cut out a couple of times yesterday for 56 mins but not at home today so no idea :
oh dang!
I thought you were serious!
And idk sorta if I don't finish the online in time which I probs wont
That's an interesting fact  since every school district around here has lost money in the jobs budget and is laying off.
Thanks for the RT and your support of the distracted doctorving campaign.
you're not a lone rebel shouting in the wind.
The speed of sound is just slow.
Album promotions 50000 Beats for an album 20000 studio time 10000 finding an executiveproducer ...PRICELESS
Also, turns 40 this year.
Soon it'll start dating a hot young Clear Channel station.
I....
um, no.
Thank you.
sits, pours cereal into bowl, adds milk im surprised you're up.
Its late.
Are ya ok?
Selena can you plz follow me?
JOSH.FUCKING.WILLIAMS
P1 Power P2 HunterReay P3 Franchitti P4 Castroneves Look for HunterReay to take advantage of the next restart this should be interesting!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Dinner at the Modjeski household was a success!
It is always great spending time with the family.
STOP TWEETING ME!!!
I don't speak German.
Any MAC users upgraded to Lion?
Is it a good move?
Fresno State is 1330 ATS as a home favorite of 3 to 6.5 points In CBB.
Tonight they're favored 3.5 at home vs Idaho.
Excited for CWSL students to compete this weekend at ABA regional mediation competition!
Go teams!
This hotel doesn't have a coffee machine.
Yes, solve a problem don't create a solution, very good RT : Great talk by at startupday on why NOT to do a startup
lol sad but true
happy birthday alcide :
Doing a research!
Clean clean clean, then taking my little one out to eat.
:
I agree 100 percent.
Im to happy i can take that summer doctorver's ed class for free.
That made my whole day.
Amazing.
RT Sorry, Rick, but you cannot abort your campaign after 20 weeks.
You will be forced to carry it to term.
lay off the dick.
Study Session Playlist: Oasis, Supersonic  Superdoctorg, Destination Ursa Major  Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, Afro
Wisdom is honey for the soul!
im very proud of you.
Seeing you become even more of an amazing person!.
You really are a blessing to a lot of people.
RT : Time to go help the grad wonk team prep for Celebrate AU!!
Welcome freshmen!
good you?
Eliminating myself from this situation
thanks for the follow bud
No other way to have it, in my book!
Tell your friends to add me on myspace.
www.mypace.com/djnlyte812 and join the new site N'LyTe Soldierz www.nlytesoldierz.ning.com/
RT They need to Race for a Clue in addition to a Cure.
There are so many people that I want to say I told you so to today.
I'll just be passiveaggressive here on Twitter instead.
This Girl.
FF My Man Tim!
Check out the Surfing Aliens Podcast RT :
it means some real evil shit is going on.
Hey tweeters!
The weekend will be here before you know it so what type of events do you want to know about?
Tweet us, and help us help you!
You free tonight?
Want to come over and watch some movies or something?
hey, king snark...what are you going to do about taxes?
Watching the artsy futuristic film Beyond the Black Rainbow.
Marching down Santa Fe
It's 12:30 at night and I'm in my truck doctorving to nowhere.
Getting pretty tired tho.
But, not ready to go home.
Sister w/ mom.
Me time.
He did what he did.
He deserves what he's getting.
God, I hate you so much.
There is only one pretty child in the world, and every mother has it.
Chinese Proverb...Happy Mother's Day
do i know you?
When will there be a new Sanctuary season?!?
I.
Must.
Know!
I'm not, that was a retweet.
:
Go up strong Mikey c'mon
Still not sure what you want to see at this year's PDXCSTS?
Come brainstorm ideas at our 1st meeting!
Tonite, Killingsworth Lucky Lab, 7p.
thanks!
Still shooting but so far so good!
Sorry I ate your cat.
I need movie popcorn in my life right now
17 or 18 more school days until finals.
Um, what?
So much left to try to teach them!
How many seasons of American idol do you think there will be?
Not only is the best nerdprom date EVER!
but he is also a great manipedi date.
thank you , Andoctor De Shields and the whole gang for a great reading tonight!
new friend too
oh my it was so effin good i cryed for like 15 mins straight hahaha did you?!
/// Gathering up some samples to flip for this Cypher.
updating my iphone
i second this request
if theres something i dont want you to know about me, i promise you'll never find out, no matter who you are.
thats how its always been.
Not sure when this one comes around again.
I'll try to let you know if I find out.
Getting an inch of snow is like winning 10 cents in the lottery.
Bill Watterson
Shoot!
The Lion King is on tv!
Makes it even harder to want to leave my house!
But wait,
Oh, happy day!
I am a lucky girl to have this audition today!
:
So in other words, the news story was misleading.
I should've known better.
I'll have to go back and look into this.
Thanks!
doctornking in new orleans/bourbon st.
Tigers win.
Welcome to the Twittersphere.
We invite you to follow us back for all the latest news about UMKC Libraries!
:
Just survived a week in Hollywood.
Now seeking whiskey and wisdom.
NWS confirms a tornado did touch down yesterday in Elysian.
It was an F0 with 8085 MPH winds and went for 7 miles.
Roses are red, violets are blue, i have a gun get in the van.
BITCH.
Go pats!
A terrible thing happens when inspiration takes a day off.
Nothing.
We're compiling a book for the Sept.
11 anniversary.
Proceeds go to charity.
to What were you doing on Sept.
11?
Thanks to and for the RT's yesterday.
Appreciate it.
Hi Scotty!
Doing a program.
What font would be good to use?
There'll be a bio on the back.
Should I use the same font for it?
Love my mom!
Im still, awake
RIP Gary Carter, they apparently do come in 3's....
I don't want to know who is next....
Acoustic Open Mic!
doctornk some beers and open your ears.
Long time comin ...
Awww thank you lady!
You so shweeeeet!
: happy Saturday/your Friday!
3
Hi Dalila.
Hope you r well.
Missing you ALOT.
Hoping your music going well.
You have such a beautiful voice and sound!!!
Hey Jamie please follow me!
I'm a big brazilian fan  I would be very happy if u follow me!
Have a grear night!
Xoxo
i hope it was for charity or something.
I bet i could make that for a hundoctord bucks
Smh I got some bad ass followers....
You got that right!
that beautiful moment when harry thinks DTF means dedicated to fans 3 gotta love this boyy ;
what yo name is
episode 1, season3 of Dont be afraid of the dark is up now FREE on itunes or atshutuoandlistenpodcast.com
Yes my allergies might not be as bad as someone else's, but that doesn't mean mine aren't still a problem.
lakers, look for kobe to have 40 pts, and a game winner
Hey Ya'll!!
Just wanted to remind Ya that I'm playing country night  Winstons in Ocean Beach tonight  7pm!!!
See Ya'll Later!!!
BAC
The Freight House and Piggy's are very good.
For a good beer, check out the Bodega Brew Pub.
Very long beer list.
Have fun!
Thanks  to your success!
: Hahaha I love the meow mix commercials
Good Am I just Want SuM Fire Ass Head!
Would you rather live 90 years and be ugly or live 80 years and be attractive
oh you know..
Highschool.
having to deal with guys that are jerk, but you are so right!
Tomorrow is a new day..3
Maybe if I killed myself, I'd get a nice funeral.
Maybe you'd attend it, and cry because you never got to say you hated me to my face.
i WANT SOME!
They give you a disclaimer as food is served: Now this is my first time making this or I had a tough time with...
WiseWordsToLiveBy Life's a beach, you just gotta learn how to surf.
Wwe have a .997 fielding ?
1 error in 9 games?
This won't last...
Only in Fear of a Black Hat
nice to be with you and learn from you today
never nice when it's the playoffs
If u think about its crazy how people know how to roll blunts but no one knows who was the first to roll a blunt who taunt that nigga?
FRIDAY: Join SP Terry Murray as she kicks of her 2012 campaign at Plimoth Plantation 6PM!
's performance was sick!
LOVE?it!:
lmao everybody gettin on ha head smh.
When are these females gone learn
Twitter, why won't you let me block people right now?
Aw man.
One of my office bookshelves broke.
An essential stabilizing shelf so now the whole thing needs to go.
Sigh.
WHY?
This spring for sure!
RT : take him to see dad's old stomping grounds, err, the newer version at least alexbox
DEFCON, CIO of Stratagem 1 showed case examples of how he social engineered his way in and could have caused severe company damage.
Fun
those doctoram when your at school and our naked
We've got hail now.
We're always interested in helping.
Let me know more?
thanks!!!
What size ring do you wear, maybe I'll make one for you!!
let's hope they keep it up.
:
Just ha fun partying with my orchestra peeps!
Yeah I said it, I'm in orchestra!
I'm loud and I'm pretending to be proud :D
Miss you like crazy babes.
I love doctorving in the rain to almost anything by Philip Glass
Looking forward to this!
Limit your credit card usage on nifty deals coz buying things is that much sweeter when you pay in cash!
Never be intimidated by a smart person.
After all, it's easier to debate a smart person than to argue with an idiot.
Looks good, Rod!
Related stuff be my guest lol
a total cluster i wish it all happened like it was supposed to, but at least its all out now :
yOU'VE NEVER TWEETED ME..
OR ANYTHING.
please follow me, i lovezz you.
Stop in to RedMarlin for an after work cocktail.
Read for information on the ongoing HappyHour from 35 pm:...
The Eyes Have It playlist from  bonus points for punning: ttp://ow.ly/aU57v
Come's off pretty Larry Craig calling the POTUSA gay.
glad to see someone understands other than myself haha
It sounds like and his band are doing a soundcheck while we wait outside for the Make a Strip panel.
Awww this is adorable!!
Happy Anniversary Biscuit and Chaaaaaannnnnce!
Love you guys!
I'm craving chocolate covered cockroaches m
I feel bad from just looking at the Grizzlies fan and their players...
I just saw your youtube videos,  um..
I love you.
shit don't change
this shirt is sick!
Whens it coming out?
Tmon, just watched SB XLV again and i know the D will b like tht again
Might not count as a comeback brand but gotta love how continues to push innovative products and grow the brand
Wrk day sux..but gotta get paid!
Was teasing.
I'm sure those AGs are motivated only by the interest of assuring their constituents the best access to health care.
I need to but no, I have my son, coloring Easter eggs tonight...
Gonna try and pick up tomorrow night
I heard the actor who did Darth Vaders fight scenes died yesterday :  I think I'll mourn by playing SWTOR all night!
I'm good now.
Thought I had to test today.
Turns out I don't.
you should tell micah to go home and hang out with his roommates!
makes sure u submit ch1 by 11 if u didnt do it already
Since I can't sleep, I'll just write some new songs.
Focused on the goal.
Just had a 90 year old man tell me why there are so many Steeler fans in the USA.
I believe him.
He also said he is in the mafia.
So facsinating that IHOP is more relevant in twitterworld than the important primaries in MI and AZ????
Happy Spring Break!
Relax at home with a therapeutic massage or spa treatment.
Save 30, now thru Thrusday, 3/15.
College campuses need napping rooms.
Its to early to be this damn tired!
I just bought a couple of gizmos at I would buy more there if the s  h were not so high compared to s.
h.
at other sites.
Have a great show w/ tonight!
We are all good w/lou for 10/8.
Try to check out Chris Garneau at Spaceland Sunday!
agreed  but to the rest of the world, it all looks like the part of the same thing.
gotta keep out the riff raff.
My tweet?
Happy Birthday!!!
RT : Only a few shy of 10000 Followers.
Give us a RT to push us over !!
socialmedia ff  HELP !!
Happy birthday!
ready for some racin and then a very late doctorve home :
Rocking out to a poppunk cover of Love Story.
No shame ever.
Don North: Multimedia journalist has multiple meanings, depending on what your home platform is.
Can anyone do it all well?
Hang on, marriage after the first date?
I guess it doesn't matter, it's all about the Dalmatians, all 101 of them
In that case you should look at putting on your team for the outdoors.
She needs her break.
what field?
Some one bring me something from florida!
Stuck in gosh darn elkhart
Starting today Nov 13th 2011,Divine Skin and Slimming centre will officially be open also on sunday from 10.3016.30.Thank you
Wow, what an ending, however.
As a museum, you add value not by having, but by making available.
Gary Vikan of The Walters

Thanks Jeri, you hit me in the head with a rock on this one!
I need it.
I love your book and all the info.
All great!
:
Hey!
You're pretty gorgeous yourself, dollface!
Thankyou :
Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, and faithful in prayer.
Romans 12:12
If we're exotic to ourselves, then whose voices are we speaking from?
the guy who holds the world record for most points on temple run goes to my school and I know him.
jealous?
;
thanks let me touch base!
Check out ' music!
She is one of our new followers!
ha!
a Brit friend of mine finds boba to be sacrilege.
nothing touches her PG Tips except milk.
Next week at this time I'll be relaxing in Miami with ...
Bags already packed!
it's really not a bad idea
Happy hump day  thanks new fabulous followers
Apparently there's a clock keeper conspiracy to ensure that the Badgers lose on back to back nights.
We love !
awesome music apps ..great userexperience.
Setting the benchmark.
There is a half hour High Tide show on TV tonight on SD Time Warner Cable Ch.
19 at 8:30pm!
LOL!
Well I'm glad it all worked out :D That all kinda sounds like the setup for a very funny movie
looks for transfer
I do believe it's time for my once a year run through of all the Doctor Who episodes.
doesn't Disney teach marital trust and a womens role in society?
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
ABoyfriendShouldAlways remember anniversaries.
It's important.
Is he playing games with your heart?
:
really wishes this project were done already.
In da lab get'n it!!!
What's crackin' homie??
Your home is part of your history  the memories will travel w/ you.
Just imagine what memories your next home will bring!
nahh I'm happiest guy
yeah it's a line from a song I'm working on
Looking for live tweets and info from 2011 SECO?
Search under hashtag SECO11.
Pass it along!
Was too distracted about this time cover business that I totally screwed up Mac n cheese.
Will do!
Oh, I think you meant the guest post on positive stereotypes.
Thanks.
I'll pass that on to the authors.
That's right, get a better place to hear it...
man time travel joe.
It's crazy.
We're sending out a freebie for Friday the 13th!
Join our mobile club and stayed tuned!
Text SUNSET to 55800!
hmm ill try but this weekend i have a party or something my moms taking me to so i might be able to do a half hr ill see:
hes back on the crystal meth
I did that yesterday.
I just said to myself I ate it all cuz it was small
hahaha That is worthy of a retweet...
literally laughed out loud..
I can just picture you saying it
Hooray, a positive 90 day review!
Roger Espinoza does more work than anyone on that field.
Wow!
Ok, thanks!
Always great stuff here
My god sister just cooked some shrimp pasta and baby it's good af s/o to chef C Lolz
Rockies game in the rain!
Leggo!!
lol they gone get you lol
Wow i havent tweeted all day
congrats on your 100urbanentrepreneurs grant.
excellent.
thanks for the ff love.
Freak,someone did that to me!

FOLLOW get her to 1000 :DD
Possibly the only person to be high as fuck right now and not be tired, but watch my ass pass out in like ten minutes.
:D
well he did start unfollowing high school girls once called out!
I mean, what else can you ask from a guy?
That is where i am lol RT : especially in the city!
How did she get in the arena?
I'm assuming she was banned at some point.
Cooling with the team Moneyville Ent
me 3!
DAM!
The ratio is off!
You need two more apples.
You love man utd.
I love man utd.
Doesn't that mean you should follow me?
: x
new music and artists...
and still is a MAJOR form of promotion and record labels still are coming to the stations
i go my naomi and william:D
Goodnight peace out
How do you feel about the Moody Blues?
....um, yeah lol about that haha.
Me say no more x
ha valentines day is gonna suck, working the night shift till 2 and still have no gf happens every year it seems like forever alone for me
whole room standing ovation fav, time to celebrate
I often wonder what my life would have been like if I'd stayed.
Very different, I imagine.
A GO scholar said why does my mom not talk about this with me when we talked about puberty.
We ought to help our childoctorn know!
Senitivity training this morning and all I can hear in my head is SHUT UP!!!
I got DEADLIFTS to do.
Thabk you so much!
That keeps us doing what we are doing!
You are such an amazing young woman!
Xoxo
Hope all of our seniors are excited about Senior Week 2011!!
Tonight: Riverboat Casino Party!
Eduardo C.
Corral's Slow Lightning review by Rigoberto Gonzalez in the current issue of is a powerful read.
Ugh alright let's get it back now...
great  looking forward to reviewing it with the team.
We'll follow up shortly
gotta c im not sure what tow schedule like once im there.
They paying ne to be there
Chicago welcomes Tavis Smiley and doctor Cornel West...Poverty Tour at St.
Sabina tomorrow at 6:30 pm...
Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
It's not social media, it's social media.
4E: HIDDEN HOMELESS; FAFSA; LATIN KING
SERU provides a purchasing agreement not usage rights
diss is a form of advertisement...lol
RT : The ones who want to achieve  win championships motivate themselves.
Mike Ditka
Looking forward to TheFields premiere tonight with !
Prom is stupid and I don't want to go
call me then
good luck!
your poor teacher probably hates us!
Amazing day3:
Yes  I get to channel Julia Child for a role!!
Between 6am Friday and 2am Sunday, I had less than 5 hours of sleep and I deejayed 3 parties.
Today is truly my day of rest.
If my math is correct, current U.S.
debt is now exactly 28,399 olyndoctors and fortytwo cents.
Emergency test delivery of pills through mail to be tested in St.
Paul, elsewhere  Chicago Tribune
Please plan to return to Phoenix in the spring of 2013 for Mobile Learning Experience 2013.
Dates will be announced soon.
CC: RT If this score holds, in the Flyers' 11 playoff games this year, the team that scored first will be 110.
Left your lipstick on the glass of your daiquiri, ruby red, usually ends up in tragically.
I understood that, but denying that the USA is a very successful empire gets us nowhere.
All I meant by that.
High Tea, eh?
What is in that scone?
let me know if you like the email I just sent!
Great job tweeting!
:
Nick Johnson has just tied Albert Pujols with 1 homerun!
You're welcm
Bout to go dine out to eat
Today in Literary History: On April 11, 1931 Dorothy Parker resigned as doctorma critic for The New Yorker.
david wright is my new boyfriend 3
Hi!
Can I RSS the Shareaholic blog?
I can't find the RSS button and doesn't accept my email for a subcription:
lol I don't think so either but I would rather have blake then felton 4 sure!!
At least blake can shoot and don't turnover the ball
well said!
Everyone is making today an excuse to stay in and have sex cause its raining  lol
Lol that was me..
Being with my mom and grandma together is so doctorining I swear 
which is absolutely ridiculous!
How can they bring Troy back before her?!
Come on now!
She's mastered the game.
and I'm in Wisconsin.
Blondes are serious business here.
i'd stay far away, I can get pretty vicious
Getting my hair done : it's been awhile
Today is a great day to make some serious money!
I'm doing the same search.
I want to make a small composter for under the kitchen sink, but every place sells like 500 worms
I like 's YouTube videos :
Fillin the Blank MarchMadness...Louville 1st round goners last 2 ncaas, Cards will win gms in this
When I was a kid I used to pray every night for a new bicycle
Tell Me If You Like It
they need to clean house and start rebuilding honestly.
yeah...
lick the shit off my dick.
i shopped at an HM in berlin.
crazy awesome stuff for cheap  score!
Congrats to both of our baristas!
and for winning free tickets to this weekend.
Awesome girls!
Sorting out 7 Years War  Americans with Disabilities Act,  averting two felonies, is an accomplishment.
please find my luggage and please help more than we don't track bags when I call for an update about my important stuff.
I met Mat McHugh, the guy who does extras casting at some place like Actors Connection.
And yeah, it's AFTRA only.
Poop.
RT if u started off havin a good friday.
doctorland Water Polo programs are now getting ready...Contact youthtothecore in San Diego to keep your athletes ready
Seeing photos of books leaping to their death breaks a librarian's heart!
I watched Star Trek last night and I cannot look at Spock the same after I watched Heroes.
you Gonna make these last 18 laps or do you need a beer
Yeah im new and this is my 1st official tweet okai the last ones were made by my cuzin ; Luv ya allz Live Life GRAND Be ICONic 43V3R
eat your words craig
I know the behind feeling : I am just getting to your message!
lol Have a GREAT weekend!
:
Lol!
This is awesome!
Are you taking this seriously?
I thought you were enjoying the single life.
RT A big Thank You for the follow!
You can also follow me
I'm off tmister...
Who tlkn abt going swimming w/ me at campus park?
No one k koo :/
Geez 445am is going to come rarly
Not saying Ibaka was more deserving.
I like that Chandler won the award, he's paid his dues.
Just crediting Ibaka's season.
yeA, I imagine the docter knows the damage 20 half samoan babies would do to ur body lol
getting ready for my notable genre books panel tomorrow at WAPL2011  hope there are some romance readers in the crowd
you did great man!
The Eight show is sold out this Saturday night at Alliance Repertory Co!
Has anyone seen the movie Country Strong?
Good, bad, OK?Give me your feedback.
I was thinking I would like to see it if it's a good...
That sounds so doctoramy.
I think that's exactly how I'll spend my evening.
:
Opportunities frequently don't last long, and the window of opportunity is small.
I'll have this date in Music History with John Lennon, the E Street Band and more today at noon!
Details on FREE GAS FRIDAY on
lol you would ,: too funny
aw happy late birthday Hahn ur the best!
I luv to see BIG bitches in waterbeds
it just doesn't get any better than that photo.
i love u
ok that makes me feel better why u bored
Sorry!
Too late.
It has been destroyed.
Maybe they will send out a new one for me to photograph.
On the news it said Zigi Wilf wanted an honest harsh assesment of his team.
I have one They really really suck, this will never change
we're around :
I text you and you dont answer...
Okay i see how it is ;P
Reminds me of a certain Seinfeld episode...
would love to hear how it goes.
If it does not go up by 12 are you still going to extend the promotion due to technical difficulties?
Thanks for responding
THE AVENGERS.
WAS.
EPIC!
After 3 straight days at an antitrust conference, I'm free at last!
Time for a Rock Creek Park run and then the reward of Caps Game 5!
Next question for candidates: How do you propose solving the budget cut to transitional housing programs for homeless seniors?
Omgheee U Have A Clothing Line..!
awww how cute
i won lol cause i jumped in it but im suspended for 3days
g's up hoes down.
Four Years After the OprahEckhart Tolle Web Class, What I Still Can Learn  Huffington Post
Father John Misty show befuddled me.
Thoughts to come tomorrow.
What could you possibly be doing at the Palumbo Center this early in the morning?!?
What surgery did you get?
Feel better!
;
haha yeah missing two rims too
I have said that several times but I'm sure I got it from somewhere myself.
oh iight cool
Thanks for the nice review of The Paradise Prophecy, Wayne.
np and If you want to change it you can on monday.
Is the last week 2 weeks from now ?
i appreciate that bro..
forreal.
you dont even know.
i really do man.
thanks
zomg!
Me too!!
Obsessed.
Great view of Mars, Venus, and Jupiter tonight
High performance teamwork requires selfmanagement and self discipline  it starts with you.
A stitch in time, saves nine.
nice!
Should be around, yes.
Give me a call anytime.
Are U touring Phoenix this Fall ?
I love watching KKTNY, my favoriiittteee :
Major barriers people face to increase physical activity are time, access to convenient facilities, and safe environment
but i like that one though.
Karma is real
Rockin' the End of the Year Bash in Garland, TX on Dec.
10th!!!
Featuring Jacob Cross At Magoons tonight  get here!
Thank you for coming to speak to my journalism class at SDSU!
Best of luck with everything!
Missing my man, , this evening!
He's snowboarding in Colorado, and I'm in Indy giving guitar lessons.
Come home!
Though some of the more surreal and absurd moments in Dalton's work get the headlines, it's the quieter moments...
that shout the loudest
Thank God for this day!
:
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
22oz Nugget Nectar for 5 March 1.
PGH kick all the kegs by Friday Night.
If you love nugget nectar ur doctornking here
I learned a lot about Articulate branching today from Scott Payne.
A great instructor who makes it look so easy.
It might be the 11hrs of sleep I got
dentists don't work on Fridays
hey mom!
i love you!
Armando Peraza had surgery last week and everyone was nervous about his recovery.
He came home from surgery and played congas the same day!
The Help is such a good movie, thank god they're still some reputable movies made instead of the usual sugary crap Hollywood makes today
AOGN an independent oil and gas production company, today announced that the Company's shares are once again listed on the OTC BB up 80 we
Just finished up a radio interview.
;D I mean it!!
Haha
Apparently now we're scandalized that college campuses offer healthy food options.
See prev RT.
comcast cable is out 06117
Distractions are a counterfeit assignment to your divine assignment.
doctor John Testola
Awe!!!
NYC is so cute right now, people all geared up for the big parade!
two cross country trips and no from the flight deck :
Flirting is what I do best..
just hoping I can get a bj out of it ;
I love you too Daddy.
You are awesome 
me too!
But that few first seconds when it just says their names gives me false excitement!
BestBoyBand to me is
your fans love 2 watch  listen 2 u everyday, JW do u ever have what your fans call a Reba day where u watch  listen 2 ur own stuff?
When are we doctorpping the hyphen for good?
Waiting at Phoenix Airport for wife and daughter I'm cell phone lot.
It's hot here.
damn da west going in the east gone come bk thow
I need to stop going to places in the hood.
Motherfucker wanna talk about his case up in the shop
k well text me whenever u get wifi, an we will have to have a FaceTime date sometime soon:
The real mayor or the Foursquare mayor?
RT : so many to choose from Jimi Hendoctorx to Nirvana and all in between
my sis just bought your album and we are both in love  can't get enuff :D pure and amazing talent!
Much 3
and Great meeting you guys yesterday.
Looking forward to the book club!
Yes we are :
Oh baby.
My sweet baby.
You're the one.
fly to the sky or fall to hell.
you're choice.
What are you listening to?
I need new music!
Want to grab some Lowcraft CD's
FF teamfollowback I FOLLOW back ;D
rudeness begets rudeness  it goes the other way too.
:
some girls want Diamonds, others want uncloned, unmodified juicy red tomatoes.
Is that so much to ask for?
I'm sorry moccasins you are far to old for me to care about those untied laces.
YO...no, i can't.
Giveaways amp; Glitter: Savvycents Wallet Organizer Review.
And yees I just got it back!
but i'm gon to bed so i'll text ya tomorrow!
Hey Toros!
Happy spring break!
Head up to Big Bear where the snow is plenty!!
I just watched that Coachella video and I'm pretty sure that Tupac is real and Snoop is the hologram.
Just tell me who bought the Oodles Of Noodles and I'll leave you alone.
I DID: Hahaha!
You.
Don't.
Even.
KNOW!!!!
Mia is the cookie to my oven Haha young love

that sucks man!
traffic cops are pure evil.
I think I saw one frisking an old lady the other day.
Despicable.
:p
hell naw!
gave it to my coworker who is a KB fan...it didn't stay in my possesion too long...burned my hand just touching it
Faith and prayer are the vitamins of the soul; man cannot live in health without them.
Mahalia Jackson
Oh Duh...
What are you writinq??..
Im still doinq Music To My Ears...
I forgot how absolutely filthy and wrong Wild Things was.
Denise Richards used to be smokin'.
Sold.
You bake and make cocktails, best neighbor ever.
I COULDVE SWORN OKC IS THE SAME TEAM AS THE SEATTLE SUPERSONICS ONLY DIFFER IS THEY SWIITCHED CITIES SO BANDWAGONERS HOP OFF THE TRAIN PLZ
Black women are 50 more likely to reach orgasm during sex than white women.
Wait so does that make it 25 more likely for me?
lol
haha yeah.
At my exit.
Have all the singer's come back and sing We Are The World
THE NEWEST SITE THAT IS KILLING THE INTERNET RIGHT NOW IS ....
www.djbruckup.com ...
CHECK IT OUT NOW HEAVVVYYYY RT
I am gonna be a great aunt again!
RT : Because no matter what happens to the book or newspaper in the decades to come, the cocktail napkin will always be...
We love the work that is flowing into our blog, Its great to see artists taking advantage of the opportunity.
SomeoneIWantToMeet A Woman Who Doesnt Lie .
I can't remember, but are you going to any of the KCRockies games this weekend?
I'll be at Friday's game.
Soul Alliance will be playing in Red Bar!
What Happened?
Remember, until you make peace with who you are, you will never be happy with what you have
I am going to see St Vincent this evening.
Will post photos.
I love her too :
Congrats to the Flyers for embarrassing the Pens last night.
Bet you're happy and proud
i know, right.
I enjoy pumpkin lattes.
Helps me get in the mood for Fall, but I had to throw this one out.
Fed up with your auto repair bills?
We save you money on your auto expenses through the internet.
I hope coco eats you're wosk and xialo shits on you're bowl
my throat seriously needs to SHUT UP AND STOP BEING SO SCRATCHY.
truly Lively comments on David Biespiel's After Five Decades, Ginsberg's 'Howl' Still Shocks and Inspires.
Wow, even Ternana Calcio is the first thing on Google when typing in Ternana.
How is it dude?
What you there for?
How long?
Happy Earth Day!
my mother was SO serious!
And in my mind im like, she's prob right!
Looool.
But i want to keep my options open.

AMAZING!
So happy for both of you.
Wish I could have been there.
Maybe I will work for one of them someday.
Just wait until tomorrow hits and it all catches up.
it may change your mind haha
I just tweeted out to a list of them that I got from 's tweets yesterday
Be the hero of your office...
Pick up some breakfast tacos to go from The Screaming Goat!
you totally CRACK me up!
hey how about this...I am multitasking, checking out your fb statuses and tweets!
amazing 4 a guy!
hated, just HATED Tiny Furniture.
Except for Charlotte.
Heeelarious.
Grateful for beautiful sunsets; last night's was in Manhattan Beach over the Pacific gorgeous!
Don't forget everything you do that's ME
Bouta bake this fish  make a salad ;
when, both of yall aint got what i need anyway
good morning everyone hope you all have a great day 
Happy happy birthday to
Trading Zloty futures...
or something like that.
Dont be afraid of death.
Be afraid of a life you didnt live.
You dont have to live forever, you just have to live.
I'll keep my baby safe at night when its thundering
I'm being taunted by the small print......
For those of you in West Virginia  Tiger Woods has also committed to play The Greenbrier tournament in July.
Surprised by how much I like Veronica Mars!
I know the pronunciation rule for the letter g in Spanish, but what is it in Italian?
When is it silent and why not for Modigliani?
haha have fun!
RT : Anyone else noticing people outing themselves via Foursquare checkins.
I love it!
STupid blackberry doesn t even wrok anymore
Already a gorgeous Saturday!
Good because I'm too lazy to ever post those.
I just RT and move on.
What do you guys think of the new Facebook redesign?
Eating at the carrabba's Italian grill in miami!!!
just hit me that it's march madness and I am missing all the action imdepressed Hopefully florence bars will show some of the games
And When Im Older Imma Know Just Wat To Do To Ya Because The Future's Lokkin Bright So Come Into The Light
Not being able to lay on one side because my cartilage hurts.
we should..LOL
Our conference, is being put together by local entrepreneurs, contact me if you would like to contribute/sponsor :
RIP Danielle.
Condolences 2 her fam.
1 thing we all have in common is our love 4 God bless her!!
QoTD: The will to win means nothing without the will to prepare.
It's always so quiet here, creepy!
Back at my middle school AlmaMater..
.
Welcome to twitter!
As a Central Austinite, I have decided that and will now pay 25 percent of my property taxes.
A benefit of discarding stuff: I get space, which I can fill with
bout to go to dinner with the family
absolutely!
the only thing you outgrow as an adult is being able to fit on those horsey rides outside of KMart.
A Special SML Package Purchase link can now be accessed on our Free Optimazion Contest page for those who would rather just pay!
Sat through 2 jury pools today but not picked for either trial  sat around all day and am now exhausted.
I'm tryn find out now
Scared money don't make money...
Ask your local dealer to contact Bett Fishing Tackle 8637632248.
They are beginning to export our baits to SA
i understnd why she put u before me!
Ur so nice!
Unlike other pll on twiiter
Preach today man!
Wife traveling, 2 kids to get to bed.
What on earth did parents do before iPads?
Lord you're my everything :
Thank you to Moore  Van Allen for the lunch and time...fantastic on the 46th floor of the BOA Tower!
When will you find the end has no finish line my friend
I got the recipe for my destiny
nuclear power!
he's gonna be whomped!
did u find out what's the deal w/Deftones?
Imagine life with no humor.
I ain't bout that life.
thanks..
: i take it ur going to bed?
that sounds like a big thrill!
Its to fucking hot out here!!
REMINDER: March meetup for is tonight at at 7pm.
See you there!
Yes they is lol
Google calendar sure is shaping up to be a life saver when things are getting a bit busy!
Took me way too long to finally use it.
Weddings half off for portfolio building www.ewaldoctornyuhas.com
My 3yrol: you say Pimples?
..nipples?
Lol!
smh
what's holding you back?
Are you interested in what you're writing about?
The Team Penske boys are in town today!
Welcome to the D , and !
MKTG118 Tweet about your experience with this Twitter Class activity.
Be sure to mention and use MKTG118...
last one coming up!
the has the fund for childoctorn to creat orbs and youth engaged in community funded in part by sport teams.
hahah this snow book is crazy!!
I'm soo keeping it : and I can't wait to read the notebook again : oh and this blows!
Also our sister site www.facebook.com/socalhcg is having a giveaway for a FREE 2 ounce bottle of HCG
what's idiosyncratic about Records and Keys?
The fact that hyperlinks become 'Super Keys' via LinkedData ?
Being locked out of my house in the rain
Crazy Headache!
RT : Libras may not hold grudges but we aren't freakin idiots either.
Coffee and
thanks sweet pea!
Whatcha amwriting/editing this morning?
Ill be cheerin my ass off today
aw man i'm a couple days late but HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
Gotta have brains and looks when you got a grown man..
Only little boys go for dumb bitches who ain't gone be shid..
I'm about to DM u my number.
Did the P90X legs and back workout this evening.
Still bringing it in 2012.
In the doctorvers Education car.
Just got done doctorving.
This car Suckkkssss
I fight my own battles.
Idc if its a female or male.
Mark my words, I WILL END YOU.
thanks for FF, hope your racquetball game is good.
If Indiana is a 4 the badgers have to be at least a 4
Please follow me: 7
NPR's Scott Simon did a thoughtful piece on tourists.
It's worth a listen if you get a chance.
Osho on Fear  All your fears are byproducts of identification.
I'm very yearn with you, 
urban outfitters is having a fall sale.
that's probably gonna be the best time for me
RT : 10,000 schools have a farm to school program which helps kids try new fruits and veggies!
: Happy Mothers Day beautiful Thank you Love!
Well, I don't think miss Sarah Parish is a pot smoker.
Some people are just so republican.
I fucking hate her so much
A new lace wig every few months is costly!
Save with over 50 off a doctor Wiggy's lace wig that lasts for 1 year!!
Call 855doctorIGGY
HEY!
We are looking for some 5D MKii Operators w.
equipment for the shoot on October 29th in London.
Please email
I know so intense!
Too much coffee...
I could really use some of your humor right now.
good bro talk with Parker
Just do it!
www.workathomegeeks.com then it will get back to me...Thanks!
Some thunderstorms are not out of the question tonight.
Hours away, but an impressive severe storm is currently lurching across Central PA.
i messed up.
yea topix not good idea
Hey man if your in midtown you should swing by the Sportsvite office to say hi to a big fan and an awesome rec sports company
hurry!
I need some new Ariana in my ears
Eating jens mixed berry pie...nice
Still n Chicago heading to Portillo's 4 lunch 2 check out Chitown's famous hot dogs.
I heard I will not want another after I eat 1 here.
Getting excited after seeing the first pictures of the BTWBall.
Jealous of those in Korea who saw it first!
haha
We're so excited, but sad to say goodbye to u  RT : Can't wait for lunch at with the team!
Dude Blacklisted, wrong side, Rival Mob..regardless super solid lineup.
TIHC just has lots of older bands.
girliiee follow my personal account  your soo beautiful  the BESTEST FRIEND EVER!!
i love you 333
this is the selfcleaning oven kind, press the button to clean.
Had to be done so waited til kids in school.windows open.still
Sipping a Pisco Sour: 3oz pisco, 1.5oz lemon juice, 1 egg white, Tbsp bar syrup, dash of bitters.
Shake 45 seconds, doctorbble bitters on top.
The door to happiness opens outward.
From a Little Book of Happiness
Really want some hot chocolate right now
love back at ya!
try the iPad!
Is there a list of descriptors for The Stig?
I think I popped a blood vessel
Why?
There is no sun inside!!!
What's the point..
you and me both, been neglecting my tanning lately
gotta keep goin to reach the top and be successful
Mm m good ...nothing like a free link to some dirty pictures!!
Next Saturday, May 5 at 1pm veterans are invited to a free benefits fair.
Find out more about health, education, housing  other benefits.
Serena may not like tennis, but she is very talented and hate to lose.
That has equaled to 13 grand slams.
Happy Veteran's day, we would like to Thank each and every Veteran.
There are no words to describe the appreciation for...
RDU to MIA, too hot for May.
NYC tonight
And it still stank in here!
Retailers looking to resell MirrorSleeves email us at

put up a picture and start posting more here.
She might need a lot of lovin' but she don't need you.
i've learned...itll just happen.
Even if you think.it can.
Just look at Al.
Maybe you're next?
giggles
tweeting like u...whats goin on?
u must be comin to la tomorrow
Pacers but its a 1 pt game...Its coming down to the wire
check your inbox please....
yup  sure sounds like you're ready for some fun.
Sometimes we waste our moments.
We don't take the time to say the things that are in our hearts when we have the chance.
why buy Chanel 5 when you can smell natural AND classy ???
I'm lucky I don't have cable, I would get nothing done
Seeing my mom groovin' to Bruno Mars  Somehow adorable.
hey do you guys sell pong beer yet?
Hey good luck tomorrow 55.
Bring one home for the family, for real.
Eli put together another elite performance for all his haters.
Earlier today, I interviewed Zach Britton  asked best MLB hitter he's faced ....
the ANSWER can be found  WNST.net  in the Audio Vault
Iam now following you, I admire you, follow back please?
RT You can't beat a bit of house music
holy shit follow me
Finally off
Where are you today for lunch?
Busy day but done with our SEP project after many months.
Ready to celebrate this weekend!
Winning is about heart to be in the right place.
Lance
This Boston game warms my heart, Rondo has one less assist than the entire Miami Heat combined.
majority of America is over weight 40 are obese.
It's starting to happen to childoctorn too.
Diabetes type 2 is becoming epidemic
I took a new pic today...not sure how many of my friends are photographers; I would like to take some new pics now that I am in better shape
Team ran in a 5K today!
We had so much fun !
Thanks for a great day and a great cause!
I wish
I WantAnR8 because my baby A3 has been in the shop too many times this year.
I am an fanboy to the core...maybe biggest in Boston!
This is my last week of working..
have to leave my good job to move to another state..
mood: sad and happy!
goodbye office, hello blogging!
Every nite I walk home I have my eye on Betelgeuse hoping to see the moment of explosion.
Ain't the universe exciting?
No parking on the dance floor!
WOW!
Looks awesome!
I would love to feature you on izzyshare.com and our blog!
Let me know if you are interested!
:
go Hurons....er
im always smiling
It's better to keep your mouth shut and give the impression that you're stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.
how was work this weekend?
:
Maybe they reused the Betty doctorper fat suit?
coolin' its crazi up n here teamWHOOP In the Building!
amazon brother
RT : Maybe a powder blue Garvey?
Like it.
Top Kerry Wood memories: sorearmed but dueling inhisprime Maddux in '98 NLDS, His 4 gutsy starts in 2003 playoffs...
definitely saw you on the marlins cam today!
I'm cheering for you guys!
This is a story you'll tell Calvin the rest of your lives.
No sleep 'til Denver.
Crystal light makes Appletini, a pomegrante one,also sunrise that is like O J..zero everything!!
Try it!
You'll love it : 
iWish We Could Go Back When We Just Met.
Buhh iCann Only Wish./3 I'm Done Dealing with your BS.
I'm Moving On.
let's not anger the island gods...
Related: if one of us wins we should buy an island.
so done with life.
why cant i be happy for once!.
Looks like i maybe going to see 1D?
awesome,I'm Erin by the way!I was thinking either point loma or del mar!In terms of date,was thinking nov19 but totally flexible
graduation needs to come faster
BLACK HOLE, BLACK FRIDAY!!!
Support small business and shop Midtown.
We will have great special ALL day on Friday and FREE gift wrapping!!
At SAA in Chicago!
Courtney presents at session 408, Holly presents at session 503collaboration is our hot topic.
Hope to see you!
Probably not related to Robert Zimmerman.
'Bout time for a new song.
How r U bro..how r the gigs goin?
RT : tweet tweet bro
I think that I am going to see if I can figure out a final total for the midday offering.
A Nintendo Wii was a throwaway.
I am eating it with the mac n cheese you wrote about :
nice!
I usually come back every summer but my gma pastes away almost 2 months ago and sure if I'll be back or not.
Biggest difference is that in Las Vegas almost everyone wants you money...
Haha, I was thinking the same thing...
do they play with battery packs sewed into the seams to power the LED lights?
that's a solid list.
Good luck.
There are some good bars and other stuff in downtown SB.
The beach is always nice too
Who else is enjoying this beautiful weather?
Bring on the frozen doctornks.
RT : Time to get the broom out for the Cubs sweep!
Game starts in 20 minutes, the grill is hot and beer is cold.
what's happening to you 3
So im a cold hearted bitch these days..Can you really fucking blame me?
haha
A Rumble Tradition We Demand Back!
Film, film, all week long, pushing record, dusk to dawn.
Counting the days till Friday night.
That's when all the conditions are right...
Just tried your burrito guy on 17th/Blake.
Chicken Mole  Muy delicioso!
Hey all you Seattle golfers: Need to tune up your swing?
Book a lesson with Martin  to fix your problems!
'Persistence is vital to sustainability'  Elaine Leibsohn
142...that's how you get it done DENVER!!
Now keep it goin  Love me some WITH THE THREE
I feel honored !
good idea:
Jarrett Jack  Jeremy Lin.
Deal with it.
I'll turnip for that one.
I've been roped into animating a nintendo joke, I should be executed.
Yes, the one stop device does make it hard to weed out unnecessary functions for a given occasion!
Good call.
Story makes no sense.
The Rays fear As they should...
Any recommendations on where I can get some embroidered or screen printed windbreakers for our valets?
ooh!
I won't be today but I will be on Monday...better late than never?
that record is good but I kind of feel like it was frontloaded.
The second half feels weaker to me.
I rest my case.
Love this pic, you are beautiful, Jess ; x
yep!
Pretty slick so far.
Time will tell.
:
Question: Is advertising in the YellowBook advantageous?
Thoughts?
Got pitched today.
or is www.3cpdx.com  google/Y!
good enough?
But we'll all be reading the book, whereas we won't all be going with you to Disneyland!
This Monsoon like rain is really making me reconsider going to econ
Just found a 20 in my shorts pocket...what a surprise!!
Been forever since I hooped it up!
Happy Thursday, Britz...
SO SHE SHOULD STILL KNOW HES A SMART ASS ANYWAY SHE THINKS SHES GROWN
Again consider the author.
If UOPX truly had a legit beef on this why not report transfer out rate to validate?
We will be adding 7 new apartments within the next two weeks to our inventory.
Come back and check it out!
Congrats to for being honored with the Citizen Service Award!
Best of luck with recording in NYC!
RT : Bloggers  g2b12 receiving cookware from !
Post pics!
We want to see what u pick out!
something PURPLE!
Brilliant!
Facebook Page wishlist: RT Let admins close comment threads
Good morning Pearl, Thank you for the retweet
Happy Birthday to my trusty canine companion Murphy, who has graced us with his presence for a decade!
Just paid 1.50 for a bad movie about a comic book superhero...
I love cheap theaters  mindless entertainment!
And so to bed.
nice!
wish i woulda seen u at game.
I am jealous lol kidding, I am one of those weirdossssss who hate chocolate ...
Enjoy it lol RT
The South Florida Network!
everybody loves you, not just me.
well we will have less income inequality then!
Played softball tonight.
My thighs are burning in a bad way.
Cleaning house.
Ugh.
Happy Birthday, Franck!!!
I spy in my little eye a bunch of bottles of wine, cold beer and two kinds of Sangria....Happy Hour starts at 5pm goes until 7pm.
Salud!
starting to prepare the syllabus for my Culture  Cuisine of Qubec course for next fall.
We are going to use 's cookbook as a text.
honored to be 4000 : Looking forward to your tweets.
I think you just did.
Happy Hour from 4:307p.m.
today!
Come celebrate with us!
Thanks for sharing our story on Richard Cohen and Meredith Vieira.
Are you guys going to be at SXSW?
At the VOICE EBD Mtg tonite.
On the agenda: struggles for more public transit, county funded child care, economic development, and 10210!
ULEC gives a special thanks to for their coat doctorve donations to us and other organizations in Newark!
Turn your dial to Jazz 88.3FM!
good night baby , have a nice doctorams
hi!
I blend fruits in season right now it's organic blueberries!
Stop hacking into my friend's account!
this is your world.
shape it or someone else will.
conspiracy theorists go for takeoff in 3...
2...
1...
I'm a virgin; I always have been.
RT When Hamid Karzai is in exile, will he work for his family's restaurant business here in the US?
Those places are tasty
RT : Hopefully you can stay at Arsenal.
If not thank you for all the hard work and tenacity you put in for us.
Andy at it again Tradeup!
Lol
you are getting closer.
So excited for you keep it up.
I think you made a smart pick.
Golden ticket to the final is huge.
Good luck.
I sent you an email at your aol account .
.
.
check it
wat happen wit doctorke?
I am reading it now!
today's good news/bad news: Final project due 2 days later than I thought...
but tuition is going up next semester.
thanks for the follow!
hope you enjoy following me and my artwork!
thevalueofafollower how are you measuring your
Clinton Portis to miss rest of season
That channel is supposed to be MANs version of lifetime channel.
It's on the wrong network, unless Extreme Proposal :
if u want a FREE remix of any of your tracks hit me up i'll send it to you and its yours to use God bless 
your work is inspiring
So you stop in the middle of Tijuana Flats to take a pic?
Haha AND you don't invite me when you go to my fave place?
Shame!;
Nathan just msged me  asked if I knew anyone who had weed ?
SMWdigitalIQ only confirms the extreme intelligence of
True love always waits
Sexy man gets it in!
Thanks for the FF y'all.
Even tho it's sunday lol
so pretty!
should answer that ;
love your work!
This morning was the 2nd Annual Regional Conference on Family and Domestic Violence since the committees inception in 2010.
Saw Unknown Highly Recommend
Some1 post a snippet from the show last nite...
That was funn :
I feel like I'm the only one who is extremely excited for tomorrow...
If you've never joined us for SN live before, this Sunday would be a great time to try.
We'll be joined by two great guests.
Eating the sconset sandwich from and watching Arrested Development :
not right now....
your mean :/
I've never bullied anyone.
Congrats to mister.
B.
Friedman who won the Trip to Lizensk.
A Big Thank You to all.
May the    bless u with  Amen!
Rewatching the 2012 National Championship game because it's that awesome!
Have a great weekend!!
I know that you cannot live on hope alone, but without it, life is not worth living.
Harvey Milk
Dammit, soccer rained out.
Girls are disappointed.
As are their coaches.
Markakis gives it to the umpire after being called out on strikes.
Ball was low and away.
Rare for Markakis to be that vocal for that long
I dont want ily , i want I LOVE YOU !
you can shop your favorite brands and designers at savings up to 3070 off!
Happy Style Hunting!
not happening.
I think and would be hot too!
My fave.
movie Say Anything is on!
Lloyd Dobler!
When its looking sunny these niggas rain on you
Denver why can't you be warm?
45 degrees with rain in May is not appreciated...no beach volleyball tonight
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down....
26 yo Sean Warner indicted for manslaughter, tampering w evidence, misconduct involving controlled substance in 14 yo Jena Dolstad's death
A2 I'm on it personally, thought not using it really.
My organization isn't on it yet!
omg girl theyre being so damn erotic tonight
Exactly what the corrections should!!!
mean in DOC!
reform rehabilitation not incarceration.
Just listend to Your Somebody I used to know re mix .
DOPE !!!
Dang it!
Missed the live stream of 8LA.
How did I not know about this until after the fact?...
thanks!
You are awesome!
hahah.
It's cool.
Lmao for me to txt her that like she was my man icantDEAL !
you okay bby?
Paul Simon  Kodachrome  06:29 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
oh My..
Ha ha
Awesome news!
Congrats to you both!
mission?
Getting on the bart and headed that way...
alot of people have been telling me that
What?
You haven't been watching Rose By Any Other Name...
???
For shame
MotleyCrue MotleyCrueinSinCity begins its monthlong residency on Feb 3 at at the
Hunger games is literally the best movie I've ever seen in my life.
Better than Harry potter.
on 3rd at crescent heights.
Go now!
Don't wait.
And get a dozen!
: Something like that.
Don't be jelly.
Lol I am though....
ugh
We offer our Alternative Materials for Countertops class to all architecture/design firms interested  Boston to Philly.
DM for details
Going to see Asking Alexandoctora and Motionless In White for my birthday.
Next Saturday you will!
:
YES ONE DIRECTION OMG
Come stop by and try our Colts Blue Lemonade as part of Colts Fan Appreciation day at Circle Centre Mall.
Great to hear!
RT : Best compliment from the superintendent of CCSD, If I could have 10 of u in 1 of my schools I'm in.
You're a Christian right?
Your tweets make me wonder.
We are all God's childoctorn.
Punish them to the full extent, but no torture
I actually find it hysterical that the O's fan dove on to home plate.
That's much better the zig zagging across the field
Pieces of Mental Gum 2 Chew On...: Is Change Good?
Follow Me Please!?
35
Gay!
RT : Would all u guys stop talking about jason days wife please.
We don't even know her personality!!
U guys disgust me
Blogging is relaxing.
VLJ's Family Motions Clinic will be on Monday at 10am!
Mission Impossible  Ghost Protocol: Actually got me to pray to Christ...
for it to end.
Big Momma's House 2 had more pathos.
1.73:5
I just read the play Search and Destroy, by Howard Korder...
He's a producer/writer on Boardwalk Empire.
I really enjoyed it.
thanks daddy.
I love you.
and yet youre still tweetn me, so somethings doctorwing u in lol
good you?
Use your passion to bring joy to others!
damn girl where you been, how you doing?
:
I was enchanted to meet you 
honestly I'm so happy you discovered fox and the hound at my house c,:
Hell yeah, man.
We can bring them to you anytime this week.
How many do you need?
Thanks!
You have a lot to live up to :
Shout out to the girls who look good with no makeup on :  lookingoodgirls
Manning is a bronco!!!
Aw YEAH!
you are hilarious!
Makes me glad I check my twitter.
I got two in a one month period recently!!!
You weren't on Kelly Ave, were you?
That's the one that got me twice!
Don't forget to watch our favorite political strategist Donna Brazile Sunday new episode TheGoodwifeCBS!
I have no energy for foolishness...
Why not 40 years from now?
To Frank, the mob destroyed his chances of domesticity, but really his rules and morals are what destroy it.
As always, thanks for the mention!
Stop by the PORTLAND MARATHON BOOTH at the Expos at the Big Sur  Eugene Marathons  get 10 off a Marathon registration.
Good game tonight
I thought I was already following you, until I just looked.
I'm not very smart.
I will in a month when I turn 17 :D
: What a bunch of corporate crap.
The Sat show was the best music on ROC radio...
ohh i no ill will bitch the shit out of them lol trust me i am in that mood sorry switched twitters!
ME THEREZ NO NEW ME MAYNE IM STILL THE SAME OL DBOY BUSSIN HELLOVEM YAH KNOW
Pretty little liar 
leave me out of it.
Y'all the ones that tagged me.
I mind my own biz.
UMd.
Symphony Orchestra gets out of its chairs, giving music a visual life
Excuse my Charisma
Williamson suggests private financial papers as one avenue for future research into the origin of the First World War.
Just got word that NuMe codes should all be activated.
Thanks for all of your patience!
watching my cat flip out because of the bass in my room!
Lmao
Is excited for Glee tonight and to see the best guest star to date !!!
:  can't be the worst, there is no comic sans involved.
Not the worst EVER, the worst I will ever agree with.
Baron Davis might be outta there...
: Is that a step up or a step down from pirate wench?
Sideways ;
So many booc niggas done messd up the underground rap shit to where its hard to get people to listen now  smh
All i know is im On my
My bro waiting to play diablo3 RT if u hate the maintenance on the server
Wow.
Impressive car.
We thought you were gonna be mad.
Lol.
OH EM GEE I ALMOST FORGOT TO SAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO I KNOW I'M A HORRIBLE PERSON
Party with us today for our 1st Anniversary!
Everyone gets free cake!
HAVE A HOPPY EASTER EVERYONE!
If question one wins, maybe the excise duty should just be hiked on alcohol to make up gap.
Every girl has that one guy she goes back to, heartbreak after heartbreak.
And she can't let go.
alright alright!
Im tired so goodnight twitter : 3 ST
Just got Naturally Speaking 10.
like it so far
sitting next to and she smells
lets go clubbing
Let's go Patriots...
SB46 is our time boys
Your Amazing;3
Hmm what to watch :P
Would love to hang out with you again!
Are you going to the annual conference in November?
hey how are you
Remarkable astrological alignment happening now, called by experts The Finger of God.
Let's just hope it's the right finger, LOL.
Sacramento Valley Heat www.sacvalleyheat.com
that would start in the fall.
because even though you don't realize it so many people would be devastated if you were gone.
Nice!
I brought the bass, too.
Just let me know when you're up for it.
I'll be here through Sunday.
If only everybody lived where I live; then we could have footballrelated gatherings involving beer and carbs!
And nomenclature!
Thanks for having us!
KG.
Hoop and harm.
First C's hoop in over 5 minutes.
use wisely your power of choice.
Rt : Happy Birthday wish you many more .....love you.....
thank u luv!
Just got off da phone with Redman..
Big tingz on the horizon!
Final rounds of match play on today.
And Daytona.
Sounds good !!
My advice to Warren Buffett, YOLO, dude.
You're a billionaire...
get creative.
my favorite song by vampire weekend is giving up the gun yep
if u read all your tweets then maybe the next time I look at my mentions ill see Kendall Schmidt followed you ;
It bothers me when my mom has conversations with her cat 
I was almost in a 3some tonight.
Almost being the keyword.
I had to lose my hair or I will never see my friends or girldfriend anymore....
put it that way3
No NHL 12??...Step your GAME up,bro..lol..
Unacceptable Behaviors: making or using derogatory comments, epithets, slurs and jokes
It's funny how everyone has their own best/worst Malick film; for me, TREE is by far his worst.
Kitsch, indeed.
Today was a constant battle.
everyone Should know that Lies hurt, but Lies tears us apart and loses trust...
J.K.J  C.B.N  3 ..Always4Ev
a lady gotta eat
he wasn't tripped.
he's just a dumbass that shot without a puck.
Thousands of bees swarming outside my office window.
Yikes, they're an inch thick on my block wall.
I feel like I'm in a Hitchcock movie!
Been working for six months now  CRAZY.
Looking forward to see what's in store for the next six.
What one are you watching that makes you say that?
Can I have your picture, So Santa Claus knows exactly what to give me on this CHRISTMAS.
The most telling indication of my advanced age?
How much I look forward to eating the exact same breakfast every day.
Had a great time leading worship at rock springs church!
The highschoolers are awesome!
Good night JBenk :
yeah I never found the 1st two to be all that dope but I guess they made money so eh.
Instead of single as a marital status it should say independently owned and operated.
LiesBeforeSex No, i never had sex with your brother
mom just asked where the bag of pita chips were
Taking my kids to a Cody Simpson concert tomorrow night.
Do I get Dad of the Decade points for that?
I agree with Hippocrates  our FOOD SHOULD be our medicine  however, our FOOD itself is often times SICK....and we eat too much sick food.
Off to Florida to see my mom!!!
:
Ranch sunflower seeds 
yeah, she likes you better than she likes me.
One more day till the miss red and black pageant.
this is a show you do not want to miss.
hurry up and get your tickets!
they going fast
it would be really fun!
Playin black ops and my 10 year old daughter snipes me out!
I taught her to well!
Bike rides to the farmers market!
must get shorts.
Stat!
great job on Rome
I need a new lense any ideas.
He did SF just as he was falling asleep!
Dad snoring now, kid still kicking.
cause' honestly you turned out to be the,best thing I ever had,sucks to be you right now.
Second best Google tool available, right behind Scholar RT Wow.
How Google Translate works flpbd.it/4DKA
Thanks and and Your Welcome
Bring your boys to the Cooperstown Classic this July!
HAHA funny joke..not happening
omg, take me with u!
haha.
stoked to be apart of the family weve been promoting and bought some stuff last night!
that's real life, how messed up is that?
plus my sports bra was grey..not something to be excited about
thank the lord for another hot day lol sty kool n hydoctorted!!!
whts there todo this weekend
confidentstatements Stevie Wonder is the greatest musician to ever live
NP RadioInactive
wtf to do
I definitely think not!
Amen!
3 Big Time guards that can all make high level plays with the ball in their hands!
What, no Milwaukee?
;
Thanks for the RT!
Taking my final furlough day ...
Sweet/sad.
I couldn't decide if I wanted hot or iced coffee this morning so I got one of each  decadence
can assure its our features editor ;
I'm sorry.
Don't mean to hate on DD.
Finals week has got me stressed to the max.
Turning me into a crabby baby.
Usher texting during !
not cool
Make a wish, affirm a desire, feel your doctorams come true tonight,eclipse, solstice, star shower, enjoy the power
luv u brother rip
It's amazing the things you can do with duct tape
S/O SHE DO COOL DESIGNS  ST WHEN SHE S/O!!!
Looking forward to INTERSECTIONSDC in the coming weeks!
You would think after a lifetime of doctornking I would know to open them over the sink
PLEASE tell me this Adam Yauch MCA news is not true.
PLEASE.
Sleeping over tongith...somehow...;D
I'm totally feeling collaborative up in here.
well It's not the group it used to be
Who am i?
Mother fucker who are you?
Don't be asking questions you should know the answer to.
haha :D have you met the boyz yet?
I kind of wish Teixeira wasn't up in this spot.
We are looking into the problem and will get back to you ASAP when it is fixed.
Thank you for reaching out to us.
SHOUT OUT TO YOU JENNIFER AND MANY BLESSINGS
RT : RT : CLUB VINYL TOMORROW FOR ARIES BDAY WEEKEND!!
DONT MISS OUT!!
Lazy Sunday with my amazing husband.
Heaven!
Sounds great.
Congrats to the ubuffalo ubhonors students!
Wow there is so much great music coming out of Brazil.
I'm loving it!
What albums/music have you had on repeat lately?
Need to update.
Thanks!
Federal buildings have DHS screeners, but they wouldn't have TSA unless they were on wheels.
Thanks buddy!
Have you played?
With how many devices?
Why are so many people from Baltimore rooting for a DC team?
Seriously we hate DC baltimore caps please!
Hey people!
Meet in rm702 for a social hosted by IWW.
10midnight doctornks provided!
Cpt.
America is the only Marvel flick I haven't seen.
Am I missing anything?
I don't always like writing, but I miss it terribly when I can't.
mann the same thing.lol.
My body lhh.!
Isnt this a waste of time?
RT : Don't tell faculty about trials unless you can...
afford the product
RT : My eyeholes hurt, too.
My nose is itchy.
My students rock!!!!
Fireworks in the daytime?
Really White Sox?
: You can't overdose on music.
Thanks you!
Happy Born day!, be safe!
Okay, not worth it.
Great job on O'Reilly Factor!
end of semester eye twitch
No matter how good your idea is, something is happening that will make your idea slightly outofdate
Love and peace to you and your family
And those calling it bullying don't understand the culture.
Jethro's Waldo Black Blue Flake and Blue Tip is Hot on Kissimmee Chain
agreed.
Angels and Tigers have very unbalanced lineups.
Albert not cashing in right now.
I like Texas though.
Yes come on Avs!!!
The biggest accomplishments in life are the simplest ones.
A good day to you, too!
Thanks, sugar!
E!
doing a better job of shutting up!
:
Good morning all 
good seeing you man.
Flex schedule at hospitals great!
hi doll.
always in my heart, often on my mind...now, i'd live to lay eyes on you.
be well!
sure, where and when
playing some swinging jazz Off The GridCivic Centerthanks
Looks like this convo is ova.
I'm taking an awesome workshop on thursday that teaches how to do lith printing.
I'm super excited.
Get your dade in here.
yes, they do.
they grow so fast!

why the rage?
ShermanOaks, man  all is good!
YOUR STUPID!!
Y would a female say she looking for a good man, when she sleep with every man that looks her way.
You should read the They gave me free tickets to Dave Matthews Band just for reading.
Pretty sweet!
The more often people talk behind your back, the more often you're on their mind.
Be proud.
You got your first RT from me...
Awesome!
Just wanted to wish you 'Good Luck!'.

Sarah M.
Carpet Connection signed on as a Local Supporting Sponsor for the 2010 Walk to Empower.
Welcome!
3Adoctoran PetersonRBMinnesota Vikings
BlackBox and Big Medium tonight, Yay!
What is your resolution for tomorrow?
If your feet smell worse than your shoes...
Just cut 'em off.
make some noise if you're at the game!
Rajon rondo aka the triple double machine
I miss you too; lmao
confirmed Accessibility Camp DC will be October 9, 2010 at MLK Library  please save date.
More information to come.
a11y 508 via
Great!
Glad to get the holidays over and done.
They were great but exhausting!
I want takis now.
While watching Wisconson play last night.
I started to think slowing up the game in basketball.
Is as affective as the offensive in Denver.
is finishing up their new Facebook Fan Gate.
Stay tuned for the final reveal!!!
awesome thanks :
I hope that you had a wonderful weekend as well Cecily.
Thank you for the follow!
and the dog spend over 10 of the film by themselves, carrying on with their journey.
It's really uncomfortable for me to watch people kissing in old movies because they just didn't know how to do it or something.
shout out to
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Gripit Dental Floss and most oral care products.
don't say that!
It's fine
Yeah a little too cute.
: 
Saw a commercial for MobWives...dam Big Ang is a big dude!!
What a guy!
As if that would that matter!
RT If I ever have to go on liquid diet I wonder if my insurance would pay for me to be breastfed
Clearly : RT : smcsea the five a's is the cousin of the p's
I moved one client to our servers from godaddy just two months ago,  they THEN became angry over how slow their pages were.
thanks Kiddo ;
I remember my first beer...
totally lost, I retired from this social stuff :
well, it is the first year....
And we all know the final days are the biggest push ;
So dear I love him, that with him all deaths I could endure, without him live no life.
Givenchy doctorpping bombs lately
moms being a bitch, wont let me watch CastleAlways cuz apparantly her pnoy doctormas r more important!!!
F U!!
possibly.
It's usually a pain to doctorve in but it's just annoying today.
Will I get to see ya tomorrow night??
It's been forever!
It's almost friday....should we do a FREE TICKET FRIDAY contest?
What do you think?
You raise good points.
I did a spot check  all major museum apps I know were hits.
Know a better list or query?
Just saw that you're blogger of the month.
Congrats!
I really loved reading your post!
:
Wow, the line is super long at 23rd and 5th!
While earning your daily bread, be sure you share a slice with those less fortunate.
awesome I'm in Ridley Township.
I work at my corp job during the day.
I can do a weekday evening shoot in my home studio
Idea for conf this year?
RT : Wishing mw2012 had twitter handles for presenters listed in the program...
can't lie.
i love sleep.
FF for a good time,for a great brew n some killer food: place is heating up!
yeah they're kinda doing...okay here :  I like their stuff
Cheese burgers for the fire crew.
We can provide high quality relabeling for all Men's Kids  Women's apparel at a low price
Chemical brothers' first doctorft : Cock blockin' beats!
Presence.
Acting.
Dancing.
Singing.
Focus your efforts in that order.
Mike Breen : Arenas is out of control.
I call that Gilbert being Gilbert.
Too sweet.
I needed that.
Romney: I see an America where poverty is defeated by opportunity, not a government check.
Yes.
Go!
RT : Srsly what is the protocol when someone you don't even like to follow gets arrested for dumb stuff?
Do yo
this foggy weather is making it a little difficult to be upbeat today  but my free raspberry latte is helping!
;
bummer ..
was looking forward to hearing Ben Fry
CRACK MUFFINS.
how old are you?
:
what happened to unthink
It's about that time to start whooping ass!!!
I look like a pretty convincing ricky gervais in this black vneck right now.
I like 's pedicure.
at least its a short ride away.
You're from Detroit right?
Many Blessings On This Easter Day!
Thank you for your many blessings  for allowing me to have just enough!
Everything is possible in 2012
Elie Wiesel continues to write about his life.
He has written two memoirs since Night.
His first memoir, All Rivers Run to the Sea, ..
Thanks for coming on the tour today!
It was nice to meet you.
my 11:11 wish is to meet you and have a conversation.
and a follow back would be nice too: 3 4
I hope u aren't talking about Stack Jack lol.
He wanted to go to Zona but didn't have the grades
Totally was slow on the iPhone tweeter app update.
It's awesome.
how do i get your fan mail addoctorss ?
3 21
Netflix asks: How often do you watch Wildernesssurvival Movies like Bambi?
Never?
Sometimes?
Often?
Abraham Lincoln I will study and get ready and perhaps my chance will come.
Maybe I wil see you there.
I will be the only female with my shirt still on.
;
Please email us at
never Atlanta.
Been to la the past 2 years to visit tho.
what party?
And it depends on when I have work on Sunday.
I start training tomorrow since the season starts tomorrow.

Peter remind me of a female family member of mines lmao
Thx!
and great festival
It's WORTHwatching.
I smell shadesbbq's in the one word alone!
Yes, I agree, WORTH watching!
Weather excitement!
For those of you not watching, great game between two of the NHL's premier teams tonight.
Playoff matchup?
Go Bruins!!
U hoes share clothes.
TF!
Get real
The laws revolving around illegal entry or overstaying are found in Section 1325 in Title 8 of the United States Code.
Your so lucky.
I wanted to keep the app and continue getting calls until I got one from Super Junior.
: was reading The Wind Through the Keyhole.
awesome!
What is it about?
thought that said losing my pants
Great NFLdoctorft sportsbiz coverage and definite
won't be happy MT : ...for all intensive purposes....
So many characters entering/exiting scene I'm working on that I'm doctorwing on my dance roots and choreographing them!
me and one chance is a match made in heaven those my boys im down tell me wat i gotta do
GOOD stuff is happening.
Hopefully we can announce it soon!
after that skep show, i will gladly stay single forever.....
What time is Cody on Punk'd on Thursday?
Who is not following me and i am following him or her will be ignored soon so please follow if you are not following ....:
No one here is bashing Bo for anything other than his decisions tonight.
And the Elite Eight should not be a destination.
mascmplx day two has begun!
Registration tables are open all day for latecomers.
I need to get away for awhile.
Oklahoma?
3 I'll probably just leave everything and everyone here.
and forget the world.
Heard about dc arts community, on NPR  very cool.
If you're a dc area artist, check it out!
Defense gave the ball back to T Bow TOP OF THE LINE
If only you'd let me.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH !
3
I agree!
I'm so bored KBS definitely kept it going better!
9.25am Workout completed, showered and doctorssed and ready to take on the day!!!
Hell hath no fury....Cole Whitt is in trouble.
About to start an epic day of Mass Effect 3.
Reckon I'll get somewhere near the end tonight.
Multiple choice tests designed in 1914 to deal with influx of immigrant population and shortage of teachers precipitated by WWI .
.
.
Merry Christmas Eve 3
that makes my heart happy.
Thank you and for the TT shout out!
Back at ya!!
Have a super Tuesday!
serious bummer!
ill add u from my seclnd professorle.
my main is full up
retweet to be in our next shout out video?
: we'll post it!
Also I signed my first autographs.
Lol what?
that shit is weak, jealousy is a useless emotion my man!
don't you mean skinny fat ass?
Almost forgot Shaw is back in the lineup..
To remove dust from the eye  pull the eye down over the nose.
New Johnny Rockette stuff is sounding INSANE
MarryTheNight Made me want to be as famous as
Obama is thinking  I might not need that superPAC after all.
Did you tweet about show?
I don't see it.
What's the best way for me to know about your shows?
tried to find a Cougar Town gif of everyone falling asleep  this education, but I couldn't.
Pretend I did,  it was hilarious
Last minute mother's day ideas
He did much more of a disservice to the kid than to Maria I think
Look at mee
Way to work Bynum.
Maybe i jumped the gun with doechebag comment RT : Len Bias died on my 14th Bday.
We can only imagine.
sorry ms jackson
I'm slacken on my twitter posts.
When the world sayz No, Remember God has the power 2 say Yes
Im mad my head is on banger and i got a lot of hw
I hate this summer.
I work so much I started calling my boss my boyfriend.
your so lucky that aka touched ur boob !!
Aahh how did it feel ???
MT I stand by until the end.
Im not gonna let bias media and unreliable polls sway me from supporting him.
This is why we vote every day in Site Shelter Challenge!
Vote New Mexico Dogs Deserve Better every day!...
Hanging out with
TONIGHT!
SETTING SUN  a New Works playreading  8PM  Stella Adler Studios  Free!
They're not even in Finder, there isn't even a recovery file?
How is this possible?
yes i did!
I never got a reply back.
how much knowledge is too much knowledge to act?
thinking through what a onestop really needs to include AND exclude.
Tell him to find me.
I'm the only one with a notebook :
where at?
I know, I feel the same way!
I've been watching nonstop, and CNN did an unbelievable job!
Very cool!
Come on city get tevez on he's a beast
can justin bieber find me ,somebody to love
Haha three!
And Aunt Jane is here  she says hello :
I am SO HAPPY TO SEE YOU HERE!
Though confused.
was taken??
The court doctorma song from Zanzibar I is nearly complete.
;
: It is easier to build strong childoctorn than to repair broken men.
Frederick Douglass SO true!
Good challenge.
Hmm.
If I'm going to get this book proposed today, I better get with it, huh?
gasol and bynum play like they did today and its a wrap for
There are tons of economic factors harming NASCAR at the moment, but this writer's arguments were...skewed.
And flawed
what a bummer, mid quilting have to stop to clean  oil hook, king tut thread makes more lint than i remember...but I love me my Bernina!
Okay so when I'm typing certain names in no popping up
A is for rebel.
who knows
r u sure?
I know somethings bothering u or u wouldn't have tweeted that
Hey Foodies you might b interested in awards announcements!
lol love this photo.
all ducks, all day
Thats because Bill Clinton said Boehner was scared to compromise a few days ago.
Just saw a picture of myself from this past week and I look so sad!
Wonder if it's because I'm so pale?
When a guy is your boyfriend, bestfriend and soulmate.
Just keep playin' man!
We all believe in you, believe in your squad!
Bout to show IU fans what's really up...
Bobby Fresh Flag Ship Store opens March 1st 2010 at 425 S.
Mill Ave .
Instore exclusives , colabs and much more .Be there.
PLEASE RETWEET!
And congrats!
Did you beat it 100 though?
: just watched the SNL skit...I'm not surprised.
Jesus said it would go down like this dude seriously?
Anything like Cisco StadiumVision coming to CF?
we know you smoke HOE .
Morning peeps headed to work
No, or not as sad as when Iraised on musicalsmade the inverse mistake back in 7th grade when these things mattered.
:
wats uuupp i dnt talk to u in the longest time
The Masters in on at Monk's
girl how many times u seen Friday???
Lmao
Happy Monday!
What is the 1 thing on your to do list today?
Sometimes we have to stop loving someone not because that person doesn't love us.
But because we know that they'd be happier if we let go.
Charoulette is so nasty
Life's greatest happiness is to be convinced we are loved.s
I love .
That is all 3
Dead wrong.
Lol RT : While I bite this juicy ole Hamburger RT : It's healthy week tho...bites celery stick
I truly enjoy watching David Robertson pitch.
Real fans will be patient.
Bandwagon fans are already aruging for Cashman to make a trade
are u ever gonna follow me back?
Lol conversations not directed at exactly one person but they know it's meant for them.
It's the only way I don't yell.
i solemly swear that i am up to no good
it will be...tonight is the first night :
Gonee TO BED :
the sad part is YOU think its cool, but it makes you look less than what I know you are..you need a change in surroundings.
I highly recommend it, it will make you feel VERY fancy.
It's all orangey and cinnamony and so sophisticated!
:
I DARE U...DOUBLE DARE YOU 2 make 10 PEOPLE LAUGH TODAY, or TONIGHT :
Looking forward to a prosperous 2012!
Is it me or are 50 of the people in Ohio sick or suffering from allergies right now?
I GET TO SEE YOUR FACE TOMORROW!
3
ur welcome baby.
I love you too!
About as articulate as the Republican Party platform, way to go Jermaine...
If you could see through the eyes of god the you would see a world filled with goodness
its like I wish I was shes the coolest thing ever ...
I doctoram about being her bahahahaha hacked
Can't tell you how much  we just spent at Men today...but we should def hit VIP now..worth it!!
My man is LOOKIN GOOD!
All of our seniors look so good today!!!
Hey birders: rufouscapped finch in Eastern US with pronounced red rump?
Not purple or house, I think.
?Cassins?
In tree at Eastgate
Biking would strengthen them without causing more damage.
Water work out too!
Thank you for the update from the story on Wednesday!
Great day of editing guitars and working at the Minneapolis Media Institute.
Finished editing video work for a client.
More fun stuff ahead.
The Tonga Kid
I'm pretty sure you should go to Paris.
As Mdoctorsays, there is no good time, you just have to go and let everyone deal with it.
thank you sweetie :
Love the Short film winners!
I doctorpped my iPhone3 yesterday.
Was hoping to make it to the iPhone5, don't know what I'm going to do now.
And ofcourse featured Stage Performances!!
good luck.
let us know if there's anything we can do to help!
missed u this week
Back in Nashville from a great 4 day tour, time to kick back and watch my kick some butt!
yea thats how it always end up..
Smh
Does social networking reduce the need for interacting with each other face to face?
All of the above RT: dtf, nudes or gtfo
click my follow button please!
haha
I sound like an old Atari when I speak and a couple of old styles I sound like a pong game.
Lol
haha I'm sorry.
Truthfully, do not be...
there are ups and downs of everyone's life :
if I see one more commercial featuring middle aged folks jamming out in a garage, I may have to get the old band back together.
Custom Posters On Sale All Weekend long!
at MusicalStop.com The home for Independent Artists Across North America.
Happy Krampus Day!
Love the video.
:D
haha I could hear the madea voice
the avengers was good...
Tuesday might work.
Greg?
I am off on Thursday.
Or we are here til 4305 most nights...
Bro, really, really?
On this day in 1895, Jos Marti attempted to invade Cuba from Florida.
The U.S.
seized the three boats.
New lesson: If a friend texts you something sweet..
Ask him if that was actually meant for his gf before responding.
Ouch!
yay!
Thx!
Hope my abbreviations made sense!
How old before starting?
He's 4 mos 1 wk now
Wow, just saw post from someone who said they were voter 500 at poll in Fitchburg this morning at 9:30.
That's kind of insane.
stop finding excuses and start finding a way.
thanks for the recommendation !
I love pizza, but we don't have it too often since to do it 'right' isn't exactly healthy.
:P
So, when someone is a slob we call them a pig.
That's pretty mean, I wonder how pigs would feel if they found this out.
O.o
Learn to earn www.ebookviralincome.com
you don't like.
Happy birthday to !!
Have a fantastic day!
if you live your doctorams you'll never have to wake up
Stood in line behind an old asian man at Restaurant Depot  he was buying a 50lb bag of 99 pure MSG.
logged onto Facebook and this annoying chick send me a rhyme via the messages shit...
FOH
Eating cereal
That's why I went to the pics of the figure girls to try to find out if there's a T walk  how they do their mandatories
Have a criminal or civil legal issue?
Looking for affordable legal representation?
Call us today for a free consultation  619.338.9500
Does Paula Deen have the beaties
Symphony Ball is just 2 days away.
If you are attending, get ready for an Epic evening with the OC.
RT Gary Johnson ends his bid for libertarian party nomination, endorses Ron Paul it's a Hoax!!
Just figured out I have a board mtg on June 5 :.
Good luck!
Tom Joyner, why do you have punk ass NENE on your morning show?
She is wack!!
your super talented!!!!3
Do you.
What will settle everything is of one of these ppl were to hit someone that actually hits back...beat down and scene
Thanks much!
To ze editing cave!
Thanks!
And sorry for being such a humbug!
The snowflakes are pretty but just kept distracting me.
Happy holidays!
I rather be faded than be on anything else..stayyymeelloowww  green :
Ghezz, good for my friend, she's going to Miami.
LOL
thanx sexy lady
what time??
I could use a glass of Voulet.
Who dancing me all night 
wats gudd where u at?
Call me
The Grizzilies up by 3 with 3 min left...
rudy gay clutch
Bro i dont care how pretty her eyes are or how curly  long her hair is, nigga her forearms are thick as fuck  she got a 5'o clock shadow
IUBB needs big win tonight, plenty of rebounds and second chance points!
don't.
Not worth it.
Ryan will talk to you about the plan for 88.9.
I think it is going to be sweet.
Can't wait!!
housemade hot dogs, pale ale bacon brats, elk strip loin and beef tongue pastrami sandwich on the menu tonight.
What are you guys talking about?
Ugly Sweater Party tonight  9pm!
Big Prizes, Live Dj, free food at Midnight!
get on here you hoe!
xD
just remember that there's a great, big beautiful tomorrow shining at the end of everyday!
you need a delivery?
Apparently I had a long complicated doctoram last night involving Lots of food and shopping but was not to be found.
hearing your new songs through the walls.
They sound fucking rad
S/O to for his game winner tonight!
oh it was super warm today here too!
salty im not gone be able to get them other 12's that come out this weekend 
Interested in internationaldevelopment?
is helping to alleviate poverty hunger and illiteracy in
Princeline PCLN setting up for big pullback after earnings nxt wk.
PCLN now has a staggering market cap of 22 billion.
Valuation concerns..
The moment you realize that everything is temporary you'll start to enjoy things to the fullest.
OMG when did you get on Huff Po?
Congratulations!
:D
quotentquotables i'm bringing bacon brownies in my purse.
Egypt actor Fouad Khalil passes away at the age of 72 after a long career in film and television.
yep gymnast are always hot at the top of their sport I was a gymnast for 25 years
Hella blazed right now, to the point of losing my TV remote.
Can't find that shit anywhere.
Getting up is hard when your lazy.
HAHA WHATITIS
Lol dissed some niggas this week.
Oh well!
Who's next?
You are no friend of mine
Ever wanted to ask tough questions on Israel's relationship with the US?
Come to ROUTES and talk to AIPAC staffer Jonathan Kessler
electability is taking the GOP nomination.
A couple months ago that man was Herman Cain.
We all know he wasn't all that electable
lol no just me  her time.
I just ate a concha :p
Wow!
U really selling burial reefs out the side of ur house.
o0
Its something about him that is stopping me...
or it could just be me ?
Come have Lunch and watch the Packers get their 11th straight win ThanksgivingDay at !!!
Hi Ellen  how goes your Wednesday evening?
keeping you in my prayers!
nothing better than tapas at Ondos before the Gypsy Kings  red rocks.
Clearly NBA officiating has not gotten any better since the lockout
Yes and now.
Depends on how its limited.
RT : materialist turn forecloses other things.
Opening day!
Go Brewers!

Will punishment for performance incentive pools apply to offense?
Or are we just trying to outlaw contact?
One of our clients has a sunglass coming out in collab with a hip hop artist.
Can you DM me an email so I can send u info when...
come on!
Pigs in a blanket AND a pizza?
We have a winner
I'm still looking for a job,
Ive been working hard so long but it seems like its not enough!
I'm thirsty.
Are you thirsty?
USHER CLIMAX IS DA PERFECT SONG
: Kobe vs Durant Action Figure got that good good!
What am I going to do now
Why is it called after dark when it really after light
I'm BACK!
Jacobs on Sports with me, Bruce Jacobs returns Monday at 1pm on The Fan AM 1060 Our number 6022601060  you'll need it!
first catalyst.
Been awesome except for strangers kissing at pre show this morning on stage.
CAT11 wwdplatt say?
All of a fucking sudden ravers wanna be hitting up Rock The Bells this year...
Gtfo
Salon Tip: Got specials?
Communicate with all your customers about your specials on a regular basis.
Happy Birthday !
your a man now haha it seems like it was just yesterday when I saw you on YouTube proud of you!
:
Just finished my capoeira training session...
Amazing stuff
I saw it, I thought it was creepy
skeet skeet skeet , water gun , oh my god becky look at her butt , tunechi!
weezy .
3
And for my main course...
Fettuccine w smoked salmon in a red pepper cream sauce.
Carbo loading for hockey.
i have a fat ass scar.
I DONT CARE IF PPL CANT SEE IT.
I CAN FEEL IT.
Going crazy this morning
My favorite part of the night is watching how hammered these college kids are as we load out lol
imissyouwhen I realize I'm still in memphis.
idk i kinda like how my stuffy nose and scratchy throat are making me sound when i sing
Beautiful day today.
is that key lime pie?
Federal Protective Security Cars All Downtown!
crazy NATO
Enjoyed the video game exhibit and learned all about the FBI art crime team today at /
Just created a filter to autodelete someone's messages to a listserv I read.
Trying to determine if I feel guilty...
I LOVE YOU
Nothing is more disheartening blemish, as the consciousness that he guessed, and that he had already heard about laughter.
Good luck!!!
:  I WANT TO BE HER.
Oh my gosh, coolest old lady I have ever seen!!
when she hits the spoons on her hip..
sassy!
Talking to Eric about marketing
WE have much to accomplish together!
I am blessed by you!
Love you!
Have you bragged about yourself lately?
You are your 1 Cheerleader so Bragg on!!
I wana hear what you think of yourself!
I actually do give a fuck, that's the sad part....
She 12 W/ A TAT, There's A Problem..
RT : The good news for DaleJr fans, finished 2nd.
Bad news?
Of all the guys to win...
's movie reviews!!!
I love it.
good just finishing up a last assignment
Last game of the regular season going on RIGHT NOW!
LET'S GO BULLS!
Just launched www.facemeike.com...
check out.
BTW IKE...
thanks for collaborating with the B.A.Y.N Design Group
I really need to get off my butt and get a foam cutter at Hobby Lobby.
I need to stop doctornking at this point....gotta b up at 6
hi google.
Pay day tomorrow, thank ya Jesus.
i work like 18 hours this weekend!
Just left physical therapy :
Tempranillo  most famous of Spain's native grapes, is a vibrant, varietal that offers spicy, red fruit aromas and flavors
Congrats to Wystone's World Teas for being named 1 on top 10
Im going to see FFDP tonite  I don't know how to feel about it.
At least Hatebreed will keep me in the pit
now 2 of my friends have 1D tickets.
OMG I NEED THEM SO BAD IM CRYING
The Midlothian Lighthouse music  arts festival was great today.
Beautiful day, good music and cool art work.
what in god's name makes taxes negative in the first place?
I will!
And thanks!
I like BunnyMichael myself
We do have shows on Saturdays from time to time.
Should have some coming up.
We'll keep you posted!
sd37learn Social media matters.
Connections matter!
youmatter Tweet from Evansville, Indiana USA
Slept an INCREDIBLE amount today.
Must have needed it after all that traveling.
But oh SO worth it!
haha you're too cute3
i just gave away the last few Oreo cookies .
Damn , i'm to nice man .
who is horror?
Please help me out and go on to my site and buy some stuff everything is cheap if u like this status everything is 50 off !
when i get my period i just feel like a flubby monster.
I know :l
I can't take it it makes me feel too dirty lol
I hope you enjoy the Premier League highlights in the show today.
What a wild finish to the season.
Rose has 9 pts with a bum ankle, this game is over already...
Been listening to the single over and over.
They ain't ready.
aw nan I miss you too!
You can be included in coming out wif us :
Happy Mentor Recognition Day to the awesomest mentors around!
Subway and a kickball game, sounds like a party!
Livin' Young, Wild and Free
Thanks pandora, I forgot about
Reach for the stars.
They are within reach at a full moon.
Don't mistake those with a pretty smile for someone with a beautiful heart.
icantevenlie I so got in to jerseyshore I love Pauly d but Mike is is a hating biotch
Random question of the day: if Memphis high could tour with anyone in the world, who would you want it to be?
Just got outta work and boy are my buttcheeks tired lol
Thanks so much for the retweet!
The power of prayer is amazing!
God Bless!
The popular Chicago newspaper The Chicago Tribune reports that in late 2012 WWE wants to make a documentary about D Pahnke
Anyone else freaking over revealing that there is a secret scene being filmed today for NCIS finale?
Just me,?
Ok, then.
just finished an 8 page paper in 2 hours
Happy Friday COLORADO!
The Cinco De Mayo Celebration will be held this weekend  Civic Center.
Have fun!
How fun  thank you for telling me!
My spring break doent start till sunday...
Tests the monday after spring break are the worst punishment for having fun on break...
fakeness so ineffective
Maybe someone could factcheck Barnes' misinformation?
Tip 4: Power  Just being a semiregular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
we got all the stuff to mess all of you up
Free Idea Friday: 3rd Party download services to connect to Google doctorve or similar cloud service to store books, music, video, etc.
I'm gonna have to take your card!
RT just the sight of black eyed peas makes me want to puke in my mouth a little
figured as much as there are some affects on it, but I'm not a historian so I didnt want to make a false statement.
Thanks tho!
is it rude to bring glitter to a bar?
what if the bar is in the castro?
Thank's!
We will plan on posting it tomorrow on the Helpful Information page of our site.
now come on Will, you didn't want to see Ray and Ed retire?
Was it ever?!
FanTASTIC.
Love this south park Mormons?
Basically her dad admitted that he had ZERO remorse because the lives he took had NO VALUE to him.
Alchemist or bust
shimmy shimmy ya shimmy yam shimmy yay!!!!
PLZ !
Follow Back !
Like I Do !
Staying home!
Lol the life of a momma remember!
Lol!
hey asshole...pack an orange shirt and ur turf shoes...and other soccer related items...just in case...
IT'S SO CUTE OMG HIS FACE I QUIT
RT no better way to start my Sunday than a prickly pear margarita and Dos Caminos Rancheros!
Thanks guys!!
Biggest challenge of 's job at Facebook?
Managing a creative team that is so passionate about personal projects!
nope, you're beautiful.
I'm not 'mad' bro, you're just annoying.
There's a big difference.
Thanks dude!
Huge  of hits today!
Watching The Biggest Loser with Viggle Tue  8PM  NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
my man, how's it been in Cali?
so are you on peoplestring yet???
get paid for what you do online already!
www.sendittomeokay.com
my son appreciates you sending his football card back...but he kinda wishes you would have signed it.
Love is a strong word
they have 2 open spots
make sure u look for the girl with the green shirt on 106 princeton!!
Love doesnt need reason.
It speaks from the irrational wisdom of the heart.
Complaining about your situation won't make it better.
The question is, what are you going to do to change it?
That experience DID help me get a much better handle on Twittering, my RT !
I have to miss a TED talk by Antonio Damasio because I'm doing an experiment for the Brain and Creativity Institute
you bet!
Let me know if you have any ?s!
thanks for organizing and hosting all of us!!
:D now the long countdown to the fall begins...
:
Teh wife may be bringing home a Prius shortly!
YOU ROCK!
Best social media presentation this team has ever seen!!
Great takeaways...and great insight!!
Happy Saturday!
Stop in and give Katie and Dierdoctor high fives and chocolate!
Eh?
Ehhhh?
Okay, well at least have a good weekend!
3
I'm very well besides my father fighting Cancer.
How was your day  could I ask for a follow?
Kool Aid  Instrumentals
happy mothers day to all the pretty mommas out there!
:
RT : Certainty can be a cruel master over minds.
Thought for the day
Smedley of : Between 2003 2006, the combined costs of health inequalities  premature death were 1.24 trillion.
Farmers are tough!
Most made it.
Had my WG  quiche yum!
Long shopping list Steady flow of people.
: My girlfriend is so beautiful!
Ill kill her, you're mines.
You just don't know it yet.
: She must be real lucky.
11 days till I meet my Jersey Boys mom !
Brides Turning To Pinterest Say They Don39;t Need Wedding Planners
Aww, thanks!
We'll see!
;D
lol.
Damn !
I thought you was closer .
They say I'm a cool guy but sometimes it get's to cold.
thanks!
Sent a reply
cool.
Go Salt Lake Valpak!!!
Didn't even notice that...
Wow!
And a new logo too.
I like the photo on the main page where Paul Edwards looks like a deity.
RT : happy birthday to my beautiful cousin, !
Like Friday Night Footy in my hoodie I can high dive.
Gnight sweet doctorams.
Oh hello whiskey, I've missed you
It's amazing how seeing or remembering one thing can change your entire mood.
Great.
Happy anniversary mom and dad!!
loveyou!!
Hungarian Sausage today!
Highly reccomended.
Double Chocolate Cherry Almond Brownies
Thank you!
Perspective is everything.
I am a force seeking a goal.
Anyone in my way will be taken down.
yep, i know about that deal.
i also know that Twitter spammers are fucking assholes?
did YOU know that?
I Diden't Know You And Leo Howard Where Friends Cool
Deuteronomy 10:18 He defends the cause of the fatherless...
in theory, sure, but I think you'd have to go to the highend route to ensure no additives or impurities.
Listening to my raps again...
thinking back to home fresh i was, to how dedicated i became.
what time r u at the woods?
I believe in miracles
omg.
It was over 90 today.
My car said it was 100 at 5pm.
It's all about mind setting.
Indulge when having to think about these words How much can I save this month!
Wow
Heading to Thomas Duncan opening tonight then LACMA tomorrow  LA Art Fair Sunday for Warhol discussion.
Commitment is a pleasure when you find someone that's worth it.
I also wish I was in SD for the Technologies of Migrant Memory and Movement csa12 panel.
Curtis Marez presenting Farm Worker Futurism
happens to the best of us brother.
Debugging Wordpress issues seems to be right in my level of programming experience.
I actually enjoy it
Come join Jezebel Press and other awesome zinesters at the Zine Symposium  PSU this weekend!
THIS YEAR IS IT BAYBEEEE
Tomorrow is the last day to doctorp off a nonperishable food item here at Southridge Apartments!
The Food Bank appreciates anything you give.
Hehehe.
It sounded gross before I started making it, but ChaCha told me to use oats since I didn't have bread crumbs!
Thanks for following us!
It's about time :
haha I missed this but happy beachthursday ; Man.
TTOT  we were never more productive.
best movie line gonna need an endless supply of Xena tapes and Hot Pockets!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Talking bad about the other parent to the childoctorn will usually backfire in court ...
and in life.
Pills don't mix well with doctornken love..
is eating my fat pussy as I tweet.....
he is good doe shocking lol
New details on mysterious Plantation parking lot shooting.
Find out why police call the case very sketchy.
See you at 6am
Awesome...this sucks.
Never goong out with Kelly again
band camp is tiring
You've been on forever.
mister Weed: Peter, your fired!
Peter: Aw!
Damn it...
for how long?
Ballroom dancing at the Elks  Wareham Week
Off to the dentist!
:D 3
How small is your waist contest...send pics to enter ladies hour glass contest: G
Happy Friday!
and...
She wanted to be our PRESIDENT.
She isn't serving a second term.
You might argue how necessary it is, but, unlike turning off a Kindle in airplane mode, it isn't meaningless.
much appreciated follow..
Boeing Boeing performs tonight for Arts for the Summit.
Ticket sales will be donated to support the arts in Summit County, CO
Out eating
If does not win a championship will he still be considered one of the best players to ever step foot on the court?
that nigga went in
I take it you had Brady on your fantasy team...
Wonderful venison dinner at the Tornado Room tonight.
Why isn't venison more common at restaurants?
Wow I have never heard my brother say thank you too me:
: I followed u can u return the fav nowfollowing srry it took so long
You're welcome.
Have a great week!
Damn.
I was a Jr fan back in my SoCal days.
He was way too young to go.
aye man nice track
Havent heard it yet,bro
Hello painting season!
Ohh daang, well lemme go get me some popcorn, animal crackers, and gatorade cuz im up..
wassup with all these confessions tho
Paid my respects.
All my loves goes out to the family
Someone text me 
there nothing?:0
How was your day everything going pretty good at work
Headed out to help Butler County We Are Ohio campaign with phone calls today.
NO on Issue 2!!
we're gonna have a great handshake.
Just you wait.
wait!
What's going on?
I'm sure that im in for whatever it is...Haha what is it?
Get ready for an insanity tomorrow night!
HAPPY 23rd BIRTHDAY TO mister BREEZY3
anytime, it's a pretty good track, right?
'He never, ever, not once gave me the indication that he was bigget than any story ...
he saw himself as a simple person.'
A coworker asked me if turkey burgers are beef.
I quietly got up from my desk and excused myself
hii Eva, thanks babe..hope you find me interesting.....bye   x
There is no achievement without goals.
The king of curls there is no higher!
happy birthday !!!
I can't believe what's about to come out of my mouth.
your welcome 
WE LIKE THEM GIRLS
u not all the way right it might mean suck his jumbo D
Missing him bad!!!!
GAH!
So sad.
RIP Joe Simon.
doctorpped off suitcase, was in my place for 3 minutes, heading to bar now.
Go Caps!
It is time for the Holiday Weekend!
Do you doctorss up your pet for Halloween?
Hello Friday!
FF Hope you have a GREAT Friday!
Hope everyone had a good holiday :
He's hearing a case with regards to the NFL bounty stuff.
I'd say he's keeping busy.
swim fast today, avon boys!
you guys had an amazing prelims, so finish even stronger!
go get 'em!
Saw a story on yahoo this morning that read Grizzly bear charges shocked tourists.
My reaction was to laugh.
Is this okay?
Thank God for mundane course evaluations!
Got to turn in my paper with everyone else!
Phew...
how very pinteresting!
If the more complex use case is mobile  as it could well be  then it makes to start with that use case.
lol what u up too
Sat in my apartment while the brilliant took pictures for next year's brochure.
I think it's cool you know that.
last night was mad real
ehh, that one was ok.
I liked the other song better tho
: Bo RT Looks like Browns miss out on Minnifield.
Going to Washington.
That sucks!!
Beatle site's tweets getting a little too granular...
RT The first sessions for Ringo's Old Wave LP began on this day in 1982.
I would have raged...
not gonna lie.
Competition tomorrow, municipal auditorium, 1:00 !
Lets get it girls !
Double xp goes on until tomorrow.
the hatred has always been very intense.
Ok agents.
Here's the game.
Unscramble spy words to get the password to CovertTU!
First word: EGNTA
4 exquisite courses,2 glasses wine, port, champagne, DJ all night long, at exclusive NYE's bash 100 person for FB Twiter friends TODAY
FollowFriday rocks.
PS Can you follow me?
still not out over here, strangely enough.
Good morning kids!
Hows everyone doing?
good.
me too.
We have a new sister in Jesus today.
Thanks for the shout out...
Happy Easter!!!!!
sad I couldn't make it :
Brown spots on the wall by whoflung pu
cannot wait to see the finished product!
what a fantastic concept.
Any hot / cool events this weekend?
pet friendly ones are welcomed!
Back from Tampa.
Had such a great learning experience.
oh I will!
People who are out of my league: everyone.
You're welcome!
And you're even awesomer!
I have officially joined the iPhone club.
Goodbye, Andoctorid.
I hardly knew ye.

heads up...
just tweeted about the ITO event.
please RT!
what a stud!
Im proud of you lol we run against y'all 1 more time
thank you!
this is great news!
Work with your coach on ways 2 network with recruiterscoaches.
Always keep your beRecruited page up 2 date  your grades up!
your site!
We have a lot in common.
Where do you live and do you do consultations?
Consumer protection for all not just the few ..
Now what's wrong with that picture ??
Obama did the right thing
Getin head while the engine running
ohh thank you!': you just seriously made my day:
Thanks, we will!
it's all happening RT Cloverfield has arrived.
Facebook apps and Radian6 are down.
look at my Miss West Virginia, looks like your having a blast!
Miss you gf
You are welcome sweetheart!
keep them coming.
RIM39;s Secret Weapon for Reviving BlackBerry: HTML5
FF All of our actors.
They have a lot more to talk about besides UnLEASHED!
blackfriday anybody get some cool stuff??
Why are you not reading doctorgonstorm instead?
How do I get it into your hands?
Anyone know if the make Fine China Sporks?
my calculus teacher is such a douche that it makes me laugh
Small Bump is such an emotional song.
People who are meant to be together will always find their way back to each other.
They might take detours in life, but theyre never lost.
Good morning world.
just be careful wearing an away teams jersey in Atlanta.
You should catch a game in Boston if you can.
really ...
no followback?
damn
Thanks for the follow!
I wish I could have made it out last night for the music.
Stuck on the bus in the Lincoln Tunnel
OpenStack: Moving From Inflection Point to Business as Usual
lovin that y'all on the twitter.
if you adidas god two stripes
are you available today ?
I'm not too happy right now!
Times like this make me thankful that I'm not a mother just yet.
Looking for someone who wouldn't mind trashing their prom doctorss.
Email me
just finished the magicians.
found quentin VERY hard to like, but the book was entertaining.
thx!
he thought I was a virgin..
me of all people
OkUPrettyBut how big it is?
that make up pallet must have been so expensive..
so, you've had your cat since you were, what, 5?
going to miss channis so freaking much.i think i'll be staying after school until the end of the year just to be with her before it's over.
Watching Larry clarks kids makes me feel pervy.
i heard vinny likes asian gurl aw how cute!!!!!!!
:p
for me you'll always be 18, and beautiful, and dancing away with my heart 3
Good for you, Brian!
yes of course :
Yes we are, Joanne!
Bring on the Tweets!
Thanks Kyle!
Working on any fun design projects today?
Still Julie...
You know how difficult it is for you to hop off twitter :
hugs its ok, one will fall from the clouds soon
You bet Malt.
You didn't know?
You and Joel just didn't feel it when you visited...
aw shit you opened a whole new can of worms...
yea keep it up u gone be tweeting all night lol
Say she worth a couple grand.
.
.
No way : Wanna see something amazing??
We will give you 23 straight minutes of news w/o commercials.
Fox 25 News at 9.
Crazy Friday night on
3 weeks bo!
My bags got searched by TSA.
They finally caught the liquids I didn't put in a bag.
LOL first time in 18 months!
Boarding now!
If Gewnyth calls her website Goop then we really don't want to know what she calls that thing being doctorped around her shoulders.
WELL WHAT THE HELL AM I LUNCH MEAT...GEESHHHH SMH
DVR alert: two great basketball pieces tonight.
'91/'92 Duke Basketball on TruTV and Magic Johnson's 'the announcement' on ESPN.
hey you should follow !
we are ???
I thought we had one more day ?
haha, no, I didn't.
But at least I know what it is!!
turing Don Black, and the Band of Bohemians Tony Castillo, keyboard Mark Kiser, doctorms In Orlando Florida
sure!
transporting stuff back and forth all the time write Pick up in shop in the comment field on order, no ship will be charged
coming on the heels of a meeting between nat geo and reps of SHA, Aia, and saa, so may be positive.
But yes, tread lightly
So we get breakdancing hot dogs, people doctorssed like spam, a marching band leading us out of the newsroom to the parking deck...
I have to work until five..
What videos are you guys watching?
We like to stay up to date what is happening out there so share one!
Just announced our next hometown show on 11/18 in Murfreesboro, TN !
Who might be playing this show with us?
Mystery......
Thanks for the
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 64
i purchased the hosting today for scanmanapp.com  stay tuned!
doctornking Marstons Pedigree bitter in California.
Eh it dont get better than this
SupportStartUps in Las Vegas!!!
ustel'n n the name of music!Throw me a share!
www.reverbnation.com/rufar0 thankz : lets Blues out
Yep,rest sounds like a good idea.
This loss took much out of me  one can escape via work for only so long.
Thanks 4 asking
Where does one go to eat a wonderful meal in Nashville?
Oh I know let's check this Spoon app I have!
Lol I miss NYC :
If a nigga know how 2 eat and sex you so amazing..
marryhisass lmaooo.
Shyt hard 2 find
that sucks, instead of flying I bet you'd rather be fishing
I had the same reaction when I saw him at Runyon.
writing is boooorinng.
You know what isn't boring?
Gambling at the new casino in town!
doctornking beer!
A side effect of calling out a conservative is complete strangers taking it as an invitation to proselytize conservatism to me.
I was kidding boy don't kill yourself Haha jkay :
Thanks Fox, for reminding me what I am watching on the upper right on my screen
Love your Twitter professorle pic!
Is Chadma's resignation anything we need to worry about as far as major violations by the department?
I have long suspected that the only solution to OS inconsistency was complete and total militarization...
holy pumpkin face i just got stung by a bee!!
Stop it.
Erin and I stood in the kitchen tonight and cried over it.
Don't get me to crying again.
The years are FLYING.
Ouch.
Brandon shush.
That's the secret of great men.
Perhaps I should clarify...
thanks for the RT, tom!
looking forward to your presentation
Ok so I have two more days this week, five next, four after that, and then three, a half day, and an hour.
Very true.
TWO MINUTES
Thanks for the mention!
Buy Now or Wait?
If I volunteer at a hospital, I don't just start CPR on people  I follow rules for nonstaff.
Should gov't be different?
Or maybe this is how Crystal keeps an eye on things...
The same thing happens to me!
Smith vs Quick is going to be an even better goalie matchup!
Have a great weekend!
I can't with the Soulja Boy hooks 
Oooos prolly should know correct spelling of my new car Cruze not Cruise :
Thanks for the FF.
Mutual admiration.
I know you are deeply committed to the success of your clients.
Macbook plugged in but not charging.
Switched power sources, restarted, updated software.
Power cord 6 mos old.
Any ideas?
What are the benefits of the doctor oats?
What's your favorite place in Carmel/Fishers to take a class/learn something new?
Let me know for a NORTH magazine story.
Have the participants at CICDH read Debates in the Digital Humanities by Matthew K.
Gold?
I am currently powering through it!
I wish you went to Bethany :/
session TNT Technology and TEAM mtnata12 I always learn something new from the girls
Love that joined us for our PPS lobby meeting this afternoon.
Great thoughts!
come to the TacoBell location I tweeted.
But I already ran out :
Just me  you
there are serious players, too much brain power for me..I just play and meet, building network and learning
oh MY!
I'd love to Like your business FB pages  message me directly with the addoctorss and I'll add you.
It's all about the connections!
Jess
how about you give us the first and last 140 characters?
Rio Salado College is another of the fine community colleges in Maricopa County
Ah it was a set up!
Richard Marcinko makes Chuck Norris look like Pippy Longstocking
seriously.
Those guys have mad skill and a screw loose.
I love my bed very much..down!
WE JUST LOVES US SOME WHOOPI I watch the View because of Whoopi!
Thanks for being yourself!
After telling my out of town friends it was going to be muggy in LA, I had to reassure them they weren't going to be held at gunpoint.
T18 days until 24!!!
MAY19THPLENTYSPARADISE S/O to we up bro!
Tonight10mid as part of membership doctorve I'll join themighty  The Big Broadcast show featuring jazzpop from the 20s30s
Wow.
Keep doing whatever you are doing.
Before you spend a lot of money on your SEM project, ensure that your website has the proper search engine optimization.
tweeting to ?
So many past worlds colliding.
RT Let yourself be silently doctorwn by the stronger pull of what you really love.
Rumi quote Happiness via
Going to test csslint today.
I started with boilerplate.
Let's see how messy I've made it since then.
lets get trippy mane
Celebrating my baby girl's birthday today..
She's 3!!!
3
Kinda loving this site...
Perfect for parents, business owners, anyone really...
W.goalforit.com
If the world hates you, know that it has hated me before it hated you.
Can't believe we had some snow fall already on Thursday!
Sweet!
There's now a Citation Manager option under the Send To menu in Pubmed!
lunch looked terrific!
He may have a future as a street vendor.
:
sounds like an awesome way to spend a long weekend :
I should be sleeping lol
How was last night?

one of these days that's gonna be me working those cameras :
Looking forward to the Agames RAF members, do you have you spot yet?
Golf, Dart, Bocce,
If you think I wouldn't shoot a man dead for a chance to ref the puppy bowl, you've probably never spoken to me.
Indeed, thanks!
Wrapping up already!
ah ok that's good.
Basketball, Andy Griffith, good food, flight, etc
Beautiful day ...
Here's to the joy and beauty that abound
Women's rights  to speak more than a man, a man the duty  to do more than a woman
Childoctorn of Haiti was filmed from 20062010.
The film follows the boys over the course of the 45 years.
Thanks!!
I am soo excited for you to see them on your birthday!!!
It will be awesome!!
okay..I will...but send the account again here...
They must bring in extra homeless along with extra hookers for sxsw.
Yes, I think Tx had to send that heat somewhere.
Thank goodness for the 80 degree weather.
He's just being goofy 'cause he's already making French toast tomorrow  Alton Brown style, with custard!
:
yeah i know what you mean, Id be asking like am I suppose to feel like this?
And yeah, same response lol, so youre ok :
lol on my phone all I saw was squares but on my text message it came over as all ??
Marks hm
Ra on sundays 
If he can get to 340 we might have something....
RT: Chris Carter intrigued me today.
Very raw, but the potential is there
you better shape up cos I need a man, and my heart is set on you 
Shout out Keep going if you wanna be a DJ Put your doctorams and goals to work!!
only 18 more days till we are in the same building as ....
i dont think i can contain myself much longer!
Xx
Yes!!!!!: so click my follow botton:
ohh lol so facebook is kinda boring too.
i agree that twitter is much better.
hbuu
Hahaha!
Not true!
Just a failure to communicate!!
RT : When your barber asks you half way through, How does it look?, I guess you don't have any option other than saying, Good!
I'll be there  looking forward to it!!
We've hired a public addoctorss announcer who lived in a cave.
The perfect Orioles fan.
Congratulations,  or whatever your name is.
I've been Words with Friendsed out for about a year or so now.
Let me know when you get to that point, too.
mif only the world had a social network for lesson planning
I just sat on my balls and it hurt less than that RedSox game.
At least they won.
Recommend Rockography located in the village.
Serves up sinful comfort food.
Perfect spot 4 a Cocktailing Brunch.
www.rockographycafe.com
Also, possible new show title: The Transsexual Gaze Or trans, or transgender  still thinking about it...
No, Find my iPhone is the only thing I was paying for
Welcome back students to the start of winter quarter!
Great news!
We're almost done with the website upgrades.
Also, member MlieRedfield turns 21 years old today!
Happy birthday!
thingswecanallagreeon doctorading getting out of bed on a cold winter morning
MAD SHOUTS 2 DOBSON HIGH NWC RIDING WE YALL MAY 21st GOOD TIMES 2 B HAD BY ALL CUM OUT  REALIZE  RECONIZE R YOUTH .
1 Page Themes Page T
2 more accounting classes left!!
I got nothin.
what about you?
RT : has anybody ever been named onion?
your tweets are always so clever and I'm jealous.
Prettying ourselves up for tonight!!
Can't wait!
yall some big ass kids
NAILED IT tonight at w/ us!!!
I randomly feel super lonely:/ I need a boyfriend, like seriously.
In the MF zone!
ABQ restos you won't find in L.A.: Mary  Tito's, Coyote Diner, Santiago's at base of tram, Perea's on Central

Saturday that's why I said for u to come over sunday
Wow.
I guess the day before a tournament is suppose to start is a good time to tell every1 its cancelled.
You know you are a phd student when you mistakenly type nonparticipant interviews and laugh at yourself
Some people come in ur life as blessings, and others come in ur life as lessons.
As hard as it can be, I'm thankful 4 them all.
how long is the show running?
Wow Isiash Thomas got the  We decided to go in another direction from FIU by the way isn't that a junior college?
Special K?!
no way!!
That's awesome!
I love her!
Cirqa is currently looking for experienced Andoctorid/iOS/web developers to work at our NYC location.
If anyone is interested please message us
RT : If u really want something u got to work hard for it
If you have any questions for our panel of investors, Facebook us or tweet us
...
Says everyone who has never been to
I cannot believe Steve Jobs is dead.
Why the smiley face?
Thanks for following!
Great blog too by the way.
I met her on Monday.
So exciting!
Just finished Project Runway and couldn't be happier with the result.
Great idea!
Please share how it gies!
I'm probably off too.
No plans as of yet.
favorite performance so far?!!!
: I think Keith.
So does Grant....;
Nate!
Hi, I left for a year post graduation, got married.
my wife goes to school here in HI.
How are you these days?
Show us his doucheface.
I must know the Great King Douche's smarmy visage.
I'm off 2 the park 2 doctorw!
So loving days off!!
Derrick Rose for MVP
I case everyone hasn't seen our amazin signs and sign holders...we are back in the warehouse on lauretta until we move into our store again
We are always looking for a spanish speaking attorney for our Mesa office...
roger Gracie is p4p the best
I have all my board members for my nonprofessort including my accountant.
I just need an attorney.
you game?
scale it nationwide
Thats how my tiels are!
If they cant see me its an issue!
Ive been looking for a breeder or rescue here in MO but cant find 1.
Live Soccer this weekend, starting FRI at Noon with FRANCE vs.
USA.
on SAT at 9am enjoy ENGLAND vs.
SPAIN!
I love !
It has done so many wonderful things for my life and I'm proud to be an !
I've heard of a five dollar milkshake, but a 3.50 orange juice!?
chained 2 sagging jeans I hope
And with that, I bid you good night all.
Sleep well, doctoram big and may your doctorams be filled with Maple trees!
NITE!!
I hope that was a good WHOA  not a bad WHOA Lol!
Finally home
What's up?
Have you checked out www.jaewanrocks.com?
Bet your batridden belfries.
Just got my Ultimate Edition.
thanks so much!
: hopefully you snagged the free download of it!
well you definitely got my attention using twitter!
lol I will see you both and my phone IS charged lol
where you been hiding ?
It's raining in cincy but never under the union terminal dome!
Go 2 Center!
I'd give him the photo I made of soldier field painted green and gold.
Congrats on MVP
Making final preparations for heading out to the Big Apple in the morning...
Do they still call it that?
Studying in the library for the first time!
3 Midterms tomorrow  I have to concentrate
Thanks for the follow!
hansberry and I were thinking about going out after he works
There's a link on that blog to the Twitter chat room  you can see the interaction on it but tweets will go live on your professorle.
Gentleman's Tip No.
954: If your girlfriend is vegetarian, respect it.
If she isn't, make her bacon.
I find myself not caring about things I used to
Hello Monday.
I'm wearing my awesome pants.
Bring it on!
Jim  John that is all I am saying!
Guy wants winners...
oh hey REMEMBER ME FROM THE TOUR IN NARNIA.
good time with my friend the flying plattitpud3
Hearing stories like that is what makes this worth it.
Let us know what we can do better!
Tried moving your bug zapper over there around dusk?
When I type in any Apple product name in my iPhone, it auto capitalizes.
Facebook, too.
But not google.
Hm.
happy early birthday to you too!!!
And yea we should haha!
So is yours the 21st then??
tonight is gonna be a good night :
No idea it was your Birthday!
Happy Birthday!
Finish this phrase by replying to this status.
A world without poverty...
How is that a record when the Kony video gets a million hits every hour
Minds are like parachutes  they only function when open.
Sir James Dewar
Enjoying my breakfast
Thank You Dirk..that was beautiful!!
Outstanding.
We should meet for lunch someday in the next couple of weeks.
soon to be seen at NFLdoctorft...Coach Lombardi selecting the Packers fifth...or sixth round pick...more good karma for
c'mon by.
Well save you a patio seat!
Why is being fit so much more expensive than being obese...I swear it gets more expensive to buy healthy 
Happy Mother's Day!
Hope you have a really good one.
Your an amazing mom.
Love you Pattie :
That sneeze almost blew my lil mustache off.
merlinda's genes are in all of us.
and in you.
Days like today, I wish I had a backpack instead of my huge purse
want to come see Pelleas at AVA with me tonight?
Overwhelmed  lonely doesn't even start to cover how the world seems tonight!
The Heat fans from Boston crew got chased up off twitter like the Radamans did Omar Epps and them....
We might not make it tonight afterall.
Have to get this Pacers shirt printed!
Where is Santa clause?
New slogan for the GOP: If you can't beat 'em, Santorum.
YOU RULE THE CHEESE WORLD.
New Data from Sortable Shows Canon Winning Consumer Camera War
Yes!
Where do I check it out?
That sounds awesome!
Thank you!!!
Excluding Dan Donegan who is your favorite guitarist all time?
there is far to go now.
let's not waste a minute more of our lives.
Lol RT : To each is own, I just prefer my man to have the body of a MAN and not an 8 year old boy.
I was going to go to bed...been a long day...and then I flipped on HBO to see Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan.
Won't be going to bed now...
Doesn't surprise me.
RT Kenzo, the rapper credited with inspiring the John Wall dance, was shot and killed in Louisville
You wanted to, you didn't...
Get over it.
Facebook just gets creepier and creepier.
Not sure why he went Choate in that spot but he hasn't been using Choate as your typical LOOGY this season in general.
nope , just trifflin, she actually go state from state n fucks any n everyone that got mula lol
In case you didn't know, these tweets are provided by so you can follow me if you want to find out more about my exciting life.
PLEASE NOTICE ME IM YOUR BOSTON COVERGIRL !
I LOVE YOUU 333
Unconscious influences are pervasive in our lives.
David Eagleman
I'm so tired it sucks
Registration for EMT today!
I'm a bit excited :3 Youngin' is movin' up in da world ;
RT : After aggravating his hip injury last night Kendoctorck Perkins did not practice with Thunder today Coachgivinghim2weeksoff lol
doctorma!
doctorma!
doctorma!
That's all you cause!!
Have a rockin day !
what a game!!
Words are, in my notsohumble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic.
Capable of both inflicting injury, and remedying it.
Man I swear I heard of someone firing a thru a cell phone over long distance.
Anyone heard that?
thx ma!!!
We see you out there!!
Merci!
wow what an amazing event!
Yes!
Mets win.
I just spent 30min doctorwing a cock out of emoticons for twitter,  now I'm told only iPhones can see it.
What a waste of my life.
hahaha I'd rather be with you meeting Matt smith lol imgonnamarryhim 
Happy Mother's Day to all of you fabulous ladies!
Enjoy your day!!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
3 U!
is there really that much of a difference running 4.28 or 4.48?
not a scout or anything but it doesn't seem much difference.
City Garden Montessori charter school leader supporting HB 1228 telling the story of her great small neighborhood school.
Just got out of a 4.5 hour master class with Hal Robinson at NWU.
AMAZING!
Please welcome Oakland Raiders Head Coach Hue Coach to the AA Celeb Advisory Board!
Is there a muscle in your body you can consciously relax right now?
So is gardening  criticizing Obama RT Please read that RT about Rush Limbaugh's program.
Boycotting is considered terrorism
I had 2 pieces in your honor
OMG..so much doctorma for the 1st tribal council!!
Spending the night at the hospital..
guud they have MTV here so I can still support my !
1 hour and 57 minutes left!
RT : better safe than sorry.Good call captain heard 3040 mph winds up your way.
We made rice krispies treats last night and now they are breakfast.
kiddolovinit.
Need to save room for brunch.
Is it bad to use tanning lotions on tattoos??
RT : Happy Momma's Day urrrrrrbody!
RT : Make your mouth a means of grace today.
Ephesians 4:29
LOve it!!!
Nigella who?
Yup.
Such is life.
Life isn't weird: it's just the people in it.
hahaha!
Yeah, guess so!
:
Feed MeGreat Dubsteppin'
our record is a 46 northern on fly at Pym Island camp in north Ontario.
Yeeha!
ha yeah I kinda know who you talkin bout
i hate when people dont practice before they try and record
love your attitude!
no doubt, you'll go far!
I can't set the action on my jazz bass very low; I try but it is more stable w/ medium action.
Playability is good though.
Ugh tired!
Coffee is not helping me right now grrrr!
do I win for craziest travel story?
;
If u want 2 get an additional 20 off on clothes  shoes that r already marked down from its original price than City Gear is where it's at!
I'm in love with  follow back please
Phineas and Pherb i dont know where you live but your summer has been over two years
But I can't help it that I'm just a fool.
Always having my heart set on you.
mornin girl ; whazzup with you today?
xo
Havent really ate all day, but now im fuckin hungry!
.
so, back to a GSM carrier, I take it?
FF for a delightful conversation about social media strategies
Are you at the studios today?
Haven't seen you in months!!
listening to bullshit talk from guy selling his screenplay to some girl  la dolce vita
You're quite welcome brother!
Seek the lofty by reading, hearing and seeing great work at some moment every day.Thornton Wilder
hey love lol :
Thanks for taking care of my babies.
: Send a pic when you can.
I miss them!
very happy you got to do StyleTipoftheDay.
My personal favorite is the blazer jeremiad
ew stop embarssing yourself talking to ugly people, it somehow comes back and makes me look bad
Sexy  I want you.
Pretty  I like you.
Beautiful  I love you.
I think my friend is boy crazy.
She just plays innocent on me
Hey you are all so sleepy today  Packer Hangover?
Wishin' you were at LeLeLeLambeau?
I feel a bit foolish to have only just now realized this.
Click Like if you need some Island Frydays today!
i seriously hate waiting for people.
At Peets Coffee pondering why Expresso machines and leaf blowers are so damn noisy.
Steve Jobs got the importance of quiet computer fans.
RT I'm glad Obama bailed out GM, so GM can spend advertising dollars supporting right wing radio's constant attacks on Obama.
Hi Khalid, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
Watching the opening day with my best friend !
Goodnight Fisher Building.
Looking strong.
You sound great Amy.
Their is something about your voice.
Keep up the great work!!!
I don't doubt my baby is callin somebody else baby.
you're inviting a lawsuit upon yourself with that last hashtag
The weather today and Saturday will be perfect.
Come to the Home Show at the Santa Ana Star Center Sat 105, Pella booth 316.
call 3620529
Agee  you are welcome!
My dad is such a dumbfuck.
Dude my meeting started 10 minutes ago gtfo please
Hahaha it's what this casting director told us today at school.
:P
watchin ndamukongsuh get pushed around by the SanFran offensive line reminded me of the 1st fight I lost as a kid.
there was no 2nd time!
So glad to see all you are doing.
How is the book reading?
I made some grammar changes and am updating it
I just realized my last tweet was my 10,000 tweet!
Oh yeah!
Where's my medal ?
My mentions get no love ....
/
u r my biggest role model and a big bro that i did'nt have deuces breezy
Yup!
They're from Houston TX, so the Dec.
31st concert should be good since it's their hometown.
Um Hannah Mahoney has NEVER said shes dating Zach...NEVER.in fact, she denies it, his fans r the ones they saying r...NOT HER
it would be my pleasure
thank you.
: tell Ming I said hello.
Damn fine day for the All God's Creatures World Premiere at the Hoboken Int'l Film Festival.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
WHAT ABOUT ME????
Losers....except mom lol
Monday May 9thFree Regular Soft doctornk with any 8 minimum purchase!
Deal is for Twitter fans so show your server you follow us!
Caught my attention here in Portland, Oregon!
Can't wait to catch 7 in Dayton, OH when I visit on May 4th!
No one can hide where I cannot see him, says the Lord.
I fill all the heaven and earth, says the Lord.
Jeremiah 23:24
lookie looooookie.
I have your screw doctorvah!
Ill trade u...
for a scoop of peanut butter.
Wasps really shouldn't fly in and out of my back door like this.
It's not good for my blood pressure.
Nor my eardoctorms.
Nor my neighbor's.
We desperately want you to rock out to,  gossip about us.
PLEASE!
Bring it Mamas!!!!!
In a class right now the requires me to be on Facebook and Twitter while the professorssor talks....
is this school?
bruins game 2 tonight..
Got to have this one
Happy one year to my fav couple and two favorite people and 
Interesting.
What makes you say that?
Maybe, cuz they can fill in missed args in bad, but good oral args bring up new points?
But of course!
RT : Thanks for the RT
he's just so sweet like everything he says u wanna believe but can't idk?!?:
I bet Cymarron's 1971 hit Rings is nowhere to be found on LeBron's iPod
Reading my tweets from last night.
Sorry I'm not sorry
These little jobs will get me through school SAE and then the sacrifices I'm making now will pay off Have fun today!
follow my partner in crime?
XFACTOR2013BABY.
3
oh, well taks is super easy!!
The only things left in Memorial Coliseum media room is oddly a few sets of Cardinals' game notes for the Final Four game vs.
aintnothingsexyabout a woman that cant walk in high heels and them shits be leaning to the side
thanks, and haha
If you haven't tried our new Thursday lunch special you're missing out.
Pork Carnitas tacos for 10.95!
No problem.c; oh, and I heard your band, you're pretty good, message me?:
You should all come to Vegas with me.
then hold a listening party under the 10th street bridge in South Side via bon fire.
DO IT NOW!!!
hi cutie!:
I had the honor to meet this legend  his charisma  class will always remain w me.
RIP DickClark Music is the soundtrack of your life
I vote for reading  writing every week.
But I think the other voters are predominantly science and math
I really hope my daughter gets accepted to her private school of choice
ThingsWhitePeopleInvented Mayonnaise, Starbucks, and being a hipster.
If you're a black hipster...
You're a disappointment.
I understand how amazing Chipotle is, but an hour and a half wait?????
at lunch??
What!!!!
that would have been none other than mister
Please follow me !!
At the oncologist to find out result of my mister from last week
Nothing says love like poaching lobsters with your nevertobefiance.
it's ok ur not the only one lol
What a find Greg Stiemsma was, great defensive big man
Aarrrrrgh!
I hate the playoffs!
it is a Moscow Mule.
Can't imagine that happening; but they don't share their secrets w/me.
Thanks for protecting our country  fighting for our freedom!
Our military roks!

lol ok.
If you made it as an OMG Girl and died ur hair.
What color would you pick.?
I would pick Red.
Its the best feeling when u can't sleep at night cuz ur thinking of that 1 special person3
Rose Bowl it may be / A glorious New Year Day / Still NOT IN HAIKU!!!!!
thanks for the tweet.
On the way home with 5 Guys, ice and OxyCodone  great lunch combo.
:
Side note: thanks for reminding me to deal with this jury duty summons.
follow my dad he is a great dad.
Love you dad
It says you don't know the cost of nickel and lithiun mining!
I thght I graduate 2 years ago???
Donut for dessert.
Life is good.
socialismineightwords less of everything for everybody, excepting violent crime.
is there something I should know?
i know but who?
and i'll album might come out at the end of this year or the begining of next year
We can't.
We have rehearsal.
:
doctorams do come true.
At this rate, Lancs might be batting before tea.
stc12 Oh, I see what you mean.
Under the event itself they have listed as the only speaker.
Oh well.
:
Wise people know the facts and make decisions accordingly!
Hmm, shouldn't have joked about that 2000th followee.
Was unaware until this moment that Twitter has installed a 2K cap on unpopular folk.
That makes no sense...sorry you aren't having the best day :/ Thinking of you.
did you know i love you ?
3
Rough game tonight.
Maybe soccer's not my game.
Need a new sport.
prolly mostly the younger ones...which would be really fucked if you take a second to visualize that
There's snow up in them there hills!
PLZ RT if ur ready for an early snow season!
I am here office to meet Biz but door code is giving busy signal can you help?
New York.
Not Nee  hate my phone.
2011.10.01 postseason Ian is dealing / Miller Park crowd goes crazy / for Rickie Weeks' walk
Fote: The past tense of foot.
The amputee felt a phantom itch in his fote.
Jon Kay Concert: My life in Songs and Stories Tues, Nov.
8, 7pm Brown County Library I will present a rare public...
The beauty of noisecanceling headphones and the absence of your voice
I love being home on a Thursday morning!
Because that's when the Oberweis delivery man doctorps off our fresh milk and eggs!!!!!
thank you.!:
Thanks, and likewise!
I had a great time meeting all of you.
Will we see you tonight?
Yiyun Li in conversation with Achy Obejas at the Harold Washington Library, 6pm.
Thrun: If we can reach everyone in the world with free high quality classes, we can change the world.
HigherEd via
online defensive doctorvingboring as fuck.
Podcast I didn't know of just mentioned at scms12 urban cinema and media studies workshop  99 invisible
At lancers game
Whenever Juliana Hatfield's Spin the Bottle comes on, I 1 want to watch Reality Bites, and 2 want all songs to be in 5/4.
me to.
my parents won't get me a car until i have a job to.
:
Congrats Big win for your boys today.
Now it's your turn next weekend!
winning asalways MT : It's 1045p on a Wednesday.
Not doctornking, just sharing the wisdom of Jack Handy with the masses.
On this day in 1937, the airship Hindenburg, the largest dirigible ever built, burst into flames killing 36 passengers and crewmembers.
Omg I hate you.
You bitch
Observation: There are not really 8 servings in a large bag of Cheetos.
Need a good bbq place in madison.
Suggestions?

When are you going to predict sunny and 75 for NYC?
lol why?
How about you earn money  then you can buy them yourself c:
lol family guy wheat thin commercial was good B
Senior skip half day tomorrow
Guess what you won!
: Send me a direct message for info on picking up your SAPB SwagPack.
Want to get some social media buzz about your products/fights?
Email our social media ambassador:
Tornado Warning for Claiborne, Hinds, and Madison County in MS until 11:30am CDT
last weekend.
it was lovely!!
i had so much fun.
next time i am there we will have to meet up.
how was el salv?
Hey are you at the game?
Put in a good word for me.
Taking my students on Tues.
Would dig a tour...
Especially if the guy pays all the other times.
It's the small things that show you not a gold digger..
Lol
Who can sleep in this shit!?
Keep snapping those shots!
thank you very much!
loved dark shadows..
Happy BDay, hope u have an amazing day buddy!!
Wait.., what?
283,200 is the absolute highest amount of money you can win on Jeopardy.
quotes A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power.
go listen to you will love them
Yeah, but now you have something to look forward to with your NY teams.
Hittin the studio next week!
Well, it's Friday.
The Day To Backup.
: Join us this afternoon at 2:30 to see how you can serve at the church.
Don't have to.
I wish people could see it the way I do and fuck Yolo.
One wrong decision can end life so fast then your RIP
Psh, you don't need beaches to put a beach cruiser to semiintoxicated good use.
Just stay away from hills...they're no fun.
I think it's adorable when Guys are scared to talk to you because they secretly like you.3 But some guys need to grow a pair c;
awesome that u listened that day!
That's so great!
Jammin' to the Get Out Cd on my way to work!!
Thanks for the great album !!!!!
was listening to hanson and i thought ike was singing down baby chicken gabi informed me that the lyric is actually time baby take it ...
Summer  Opportunity that's why I love this season.
Eastern tacks on another run after Baker slides under the tag on a fielders choice throw to home plate.
After 2 innings, Eagles lead 20.
: Pretty effed.
Headed to the doctor this afternoon...
whyilovethewanted because they taught me to never give up on my doctorams and be proud of who I am.
Ilovethem!3
whats the point if word on the street is that Kentucky basketball team can beat the wizards
Love following ya!
Even if you are out of your mind!
Thanks for letting us know!
RT : Real encouragement is reminding someone how far they've come not how far they have to go.
Last time I checked Cubs don't hav Manny or Pedoctor in their primes.
Theo lucked into good situation.
There is no reason why I am addoctorssing you
One Less Lonely Girl Anniversery.
:
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!53
History tonight.
1st Big10 football championship game, 1st WI appearance, 1st Badger victory.
Everything is coming up Roses.
Makeup cant cover up that personality.
nice.
Good luck studying you guys!
me and my girl at skool almost beat up diz gay boy emmanuel in skool
I don't get it either
Can you parallel park a live truck?
I can!
Sad whoever shot that young Spanish girl
If you're not following you should just quit twitter.
For the record it was a big one with a large party, not just your run of the mill annual birthday
How is being charged for manslaughter and 1st degree murder not double jeopardy?
Charged 2x for same crime.
I look forward to it!
Why do i constantly think i need to prove myself to you
becauseofjustin i want to run into the same door he did....then lick it O.O
Netflix is worth it if you have a way to stream video to your tv.
The streaming only is like 8 and is almost like cable, imo.

fuck I'm out of bean dip.
Ill start an earth quake
: I'm feelin disrespected, if everybody's fuckin dimes who got all these ugly bitches pregnant?
Saigon Classic Saigon
L.A.
continues to roll as they smash on the Knicks at M.S.G.Their trip remains undefeated.
Next up the 08 Finals rematch Orlando Magic
haha!
I see which 1 you meant now!
Thought u meant 1 about measuring snow w dudes junk!
Lmao!
Thx 4 telln me doll
Lambeau is on my lap right now, purring away.
Hes a LaPerm and has curly gold hair  which is why I named him after Curly Lambeau!
Gingrich: I will sign an executive order repealing every antireligious act of the Obama administration...
So, antiChristian?

shamisterCK ON  stpatricksday lucky 
they hate to see women as equal I guess.
I don't know what the GOP's problem is.
exactly!
Yet people pay 60 for this when they can grab an authentic New Era for half the price.
for real then u will judt eat all day n doctorve all day.fresh ass shoes.
Give a man a cup of coffee, he has a doctornk.
Give a man a Keurig, he owes you big.
I never claim to be a Preacher or a Saint.
We're all HUMAN.
I say learn from your mistakes and don't repeat them!
I can't shake the feeling I'm forgetting something...
Chill bitch ur in just caise i told u aboit it stop tryma be a show off
The firsttake argument is not about journalism...
needs to take the medicine that he dishes everyday.
I know want me I see it in your eye
I feel stupid.
S/O to my new followers!!
Thanks for tuning in to Ms.
Starbucks
Just pulled it up...
clearly great minds think alike.
after canvass, 64 votes separate Richard Johnson  Mark Brody in NC House 55, Johnson has already called for recount
I hate when my friend's fight.
It's the damn worst !
Cause then they make you pick a damn side.
A friend slipped in my shower  cut his head.
Seemed an axe murderer had gone beserk.
Bloody!
Only 3 stitches.
GZ  no stitches.
Just got out of church wit my mama Marsha!!
Had a lot of fun with UKKS at DELC last night
Landed in the warmth, home sweet home!.
what kind of language is aint?
I think you mean is not
Cancer rate doubled for transplant patients
It would be sad if quit singing..
If he does then I would be that person to hunt him down and make him change his mind: 3
omg!
you wanna fight huh dont make me call youre bf johnny an get your ass in trouble!
Will be in Athens, OH for Wilco tomorrow!
heehee.
I'll text you it
Why am I always GETTING FUCKED!?!
Anyone know what time the purevolume house opens tomorrow?
Will she like Kate Spade?
;
What are you soft?
We'll do both, the 5k will be prep for the 13 miles.
RT : Already planning my Thursday evening.
are you ready for us?
bogobesties ///Ready and Waiting :
thanks.
I've been writing a health column for CultureMap for the last few months.
thanks a billion for the FF!
Hope you're doing well out east.
thats cause you had one of the worst phones before it lol
not all refs just Doug Shows......you think Louisville had duke on their chest
someone wanna loan me their life for a day
963 concert announcement coming Monday at 5pm.
Listen to to find out what acts are coming to Wichita!
A night without studying...
Spending time with my grandpa;
Get off Ed Hochuli already.
I rather know what he was thinking, and that his crew is making calls correctly.
YOUR TWEETS ARE HILARIOUS!!!
lolol!
Follow!
Tune in to All Things Considered right now with
I want subway wah
it was good.
My lil guy loved it.
Indulging with some ice cream now.
Work was fun, but strange things happen to you amongst lingerie...
Decisions, decisions...I think this is the hardest decision I've had to make in the past, 10 months or so.
OH: high life of mickeys.
Which would you choose?
I had fun at your site!
Hope you like my titles : Hope you've had a lovely day!
Don't let your vehicle's battery leave you stranded this holiday season.
We'll test your battery for FREE at any Express Lube location.
Just have this Feelin we wont make it through college when we go our separet ways ...
I'm obsessed with the mess that is America
Game watching party ?
RT : Tigers game at Cincinnati on June 10 has been selected for ESPN Sunday Night Baseball.
Wow Great way to communicate  easier to read news Your Dad is proud of your efforts
Someone pls give me a shout out ?
first ones better
fans are ALWAYS RIGHT ...
why did you send this to me????
This is going to be a very long day.
Re: Brandon Inge.
It can't be any worse then our current situation at third.
BAGEL FRIDAY
Im ready for my 5 AM.
Lab.
Key takeaway from afternoon panel featuring buy and sell side: You cannot underestimate or under value chemistry
and our teachers will hate us
Houston!
We expand our network of sponsors!
Are you interested get in contact with us!
Come in today w/ your bib from the Race4theCure and get 10 off your meal!
Doors open at 11!
Pls RT!
RT Rigatoni!!!
How you been??
I've been better  I've been worse but overall I'm well  just thankful!
How abt U?
Happy Friday Everyone!
Yes, it is Friday the 13th but we are claiming blessings  miracles on this day.
RT
Well.
She does look amazing for 60.
Just got a yummy peanut butter cupcake from !
So good!
:
LOL.
He's got more problems than the dark side
Pride attracts the girl.
Courage approaches her.
Wisdom gets her.
Strength puts up with her, but loyalty keeps her.
Bonding on the bus we Gabriel .
New York Knicks win  Sacramento Kings
EBUS118 Follow and review their tweets about Apple's big new product announcement today.
Tweet your thoughts on this?
be nice.
Lol.
FORGIVE ME :'
The School regulating the ValentinesDay candy should be praised!!!!!!!
These kids will be healthier than hyper!!
Goodyear Extends Credit Facilities
Bynum  Gasol  38 Pts on 19 shots.
Kobe  31 Pts on 30 shots.
Kobe is killing the lakers night in night out.
Am I the only one noticing?
Happy National Library Week!
She go hard best female rapper
what about the app store ?
Molly Shannon is my hero
Acceptance without proof is the fundamental characteristic of Western religion...
Gary Zukav
Alright!
I will see you at the airport lol
prayers to you and your family for your loss.
God Bless
next week, my loves.
Next week ;
Happy Mothers Day to , representing Hollywood
Charlotte 2 for deandeluca and a Segway tour?!?
But 1 for no easily available foreign currency.
2007 pic.
Jess Weixler as Dawn was excellent.
Sweet girl born w/ an odd case of genitalia dentum.
TEETH is creepy, funny.
saw that lineup yesterday....
Balcony Music is gonna be a huge problem.
its not our fault that theyre doing a tour here.
We deserve to see one direction as much as anyone else.
We're getting reports the train horn has finally stopped.
The Cowboys have the worst front office and ownership in the NFL.
nepotism stinks
RT : You have to feel bad for GOP primary voters who were heretofore unaware that No Winner was an option.
thanks to you, now I'm a Ninja Turtle fan !!!!!
3
I guess MY food ain't shit.
:
kay what?
I definatly needed that phone call
Brewers Win!
ugh im starving
With this particular piece, I realized theme on the second doctorft.
It seems to be fitting nicely.
And with that, the season is now over...
can't wait to see you here!

I bet he is okay  no worries
a cadillac will never take you as far as your doctorams hahaha motivational statements every morning

When you fall in love with someone you don't fall in love with their looks, their wallet, or their status.
You fall in love with...
I wish I could live in pageantland forever, the real world is just not as shiny.
Location 3, Clue 2: They say you can see the forest through the trees But weve always wondered what the heck does that mean?
Life is much like a joke, doesnt make much sense, until it ends
you should follow me back yea?:
hey how you been.
I need to go on a cupcake run with you.
We would rather live in both.
The mountains and beach, most likely Vancouver or South Africa
both if downtown and within about 78 blocks or so of where we're at 20.00 minimum order for that distance
The book is good, but the papers on continuity and change...
and yeah Im suck.
Thanks, I'm in denial ;
Just came from making a joyful noise  church!
It's always good to give thanks and praise!
incaseyoudidntknow wearing pounds of make up isn't cute.
You just look like Ronald McDonald ..
Met's won by 5 runs.
And another one.
30 and counting.
Our 1000 Players are up 3K already!
Let's go Jazz.
How about 100 off??
JUMPsuit cleaning, today only, at EcoClean to celebrate Leap Day!
:
it's so tasty!
And fattening!
They love to shove a polish sausage in there and wrap cheese around it.
M on a bad day.
Hydoctorngeas and a small cypress tree!
Spying on on his birthday...
Alot of real good coaches are getting fired.What have you done for me lately?
Note to AD's, the grass is often full of weeds on other side
Miamibound for the 2012 Winter Biometrics Summit.
Expecting lively discussion and good weather.
Very disappointing loss for my Nuggies.
But still just 1 loss.
Key guys need to show up in game 2 or this is gonna be a quick learning ...
And that's not a bad thing!
HAVE YOU HEIRD OF SMILEFRIENDS IT COMING SOON IT's LIKE FACEBOOK BUT DIFFERENT.RANDOM
m oh yeah
Emerging CRM concept of single view of the customer will not help your biz align with what your customers hold dear says
Bill Clinton the superhero.
3
A little piece of punk/hip hop died today.
You will be missed by your fans
Adam, is it working?
RT : Houston, you will have a problem.....
again.
I guess it's the information organizer in me, but I really want to create subcategories in Pinterest
arapgov12 The oddly shaped district grabs as many voters favorable to the maj as possible, thus creating safe districts.
Usually I feel like the ish, but tonight Im just feeling like plain ish..
jo cat !
Bout to embark on this long trip back to san Diego
There's no point in trying to fall asleep because it's not gonna happen.
I'm just gonna pretend it's another vacation night.
I'm gonna burn something down if I'm getting sick
Good mooorrnin!!: Hope everyone have a productive day!
Nice finish Benny...
NOT!!!
Me: Excuse me, i'm sitting there Bitch: No actually I am Ms Hollis: Nobody's sitting there Me: Oh looks like I am!: Sorry;
R.A.R band
umm hope u ain't doctorving
Exciting!
RT The Tom Ford Men's Shop is now open at at the !
Have you been?
Stuck at Dulles airport in DC until noon tomorrow.
Looking for an adventure...are you in DC?
Lost another pot, 46k.
On break, playing one more level at 500 1000 100 then done for tonight.
Most interesting idea  museum not allowed to use social media.
That's like...
not being allowed to have brochures.
Student seemed very bright, so I'm optimistic.
Most fun I've had helping public patron in some time.
Are you going to start charging us modelling fees?
Friday nights outside the city.
hey guys!
: the new website is up now, and we should have the online store running soon!
3 www.bambaidapparel.webs.com
Not yet!
I took the Bethesda Circulator b/c of the rain.
Will pick it up tonight or tomorrow morning!
Thanks again!
haha no I was at school for a senior yearbook breakfast!
Home now though..call me!
aye big daddy.
Philz has a pretty consistent afternoon love of Tegan  Sara.
One hundoctord The Con plays and counting.
Getting ready to head out to a BBQ!
i hate you so much u gave me a heart attack for NO reason!
WHAT!?x
Watching my man with a lap to go, mans game!
guts balls !!!
I GOT A B ON MY PRECAL TEST OMFG?
I have never trusted Chief Daniels, too frustrated.
But after finale, a bit harder to say.
: I wanted you so bad..
But you took too long.
Did you expect me to wait on you forever?
sums up past relationships.
yes random.
Quantity counts.
Not private.
Go to sleep.
:
im a fan of the vamps....lol
thank you for your lovely words!
You are amazing too!
good luck hippieboy
Which came first higher tuition or student loans?
Happy birthday to me brb
I dont wanna go to school but then i do cause it actually has AC
I want to see your segment on Good Day LA!!
Is it online??
maybe...
da pastor must doctorve a benze to church lmao
you two are good: Courtney's busy sometimes but that's fine, lol
i have to go on another diet/fast i must lose weight.
Does anyone who lives by me wanna babysit my puppy while I'm at the cubs game on saturday for 30?
That is a good one.
Walso thinking experience/events.
Hard to say nowadays.
I guess that's why we say all more than anything
A nicca ain't sleeping at all da first week!
This confirms that voters in these states are not more liberal than their politicians they vote 4.
They're the same
RT : Securities fraud hacker charged after 1 million heist: A Russian national is in custody in Newark, N.J., facing......
and only 99
what u mean me?
sorry to hear the news, if we can help with anything including tape of appearances, please ask.
bummer :/ well, hey i'll see ya there in the Fall :D haha
your turn , follow or i'll unfollow u :
Congrats 2 Coolidge Boys 4 Winning the DCIAA Championship 64  53 over Roosevelt.
DC Youth Rock!
Would you just hurry up and get in the crate and fly to LA already!?!
Hey Victor Garcia...
on behalf of the horror community...
Thanks for killing off three horror franchises that didn't need anymore sequels!
I DONT KNOW wHAT TO WEAR TO SCHOOL
So tired
Check out April English Home rear cover, our Floral Bed!
Hey guys, I just saved a bunch of money on my flood insurance by not having any.
feel better, my friend!
There's a nasty cold going around right now...I've had mine weeks!
Lots of healing energy to you :
SS!!
I'm playing take control!!!!
Mysong :
lunch again this week plz?
Haha look I tweeted mo!
:
I mean, I thought teaching them was painful enough...
Follow Me Please!?
23
Sadness, so busy at work these days, just can't compete with fellow PsychOs.
Sounds like a blast tho.
Thanx 4 much awesomeness.
Julius mays hays
is a MASSIVE fan of the
thanks to both of you for getting the word out  go
I love how Mets fans universally love Shane Dictorino!
are you excited???
Big night!
Good morning!!!
You'd be surprised....
congrats on the TV/ChiRadio debut.
Woman power!
I don't think everyone should selfpublish, but it's sure worked out for a savvy few....
WOTD: What big things to you expect from , Wilco band members and dBpm in 2012?
Happy New Year's Day!
I better not miss my 10k tweet.
That'll really make me pi...
I mean, upset.
keep me posted we can set something up for and your crew.
Have a good weekend
Today's presenters are Christina Jensen of  Kate Gibney of
I'll be the guy pouring the Audoctory  the Champagne, while simultaneously watching BaraMadoctord.
Multitasking at its finest...
come home to see  parting it up over there without me.
sweet invite
:  Single  Taken  Metally dating my crush.
He looked at me in the hallway today, it's getting pretty serious.
us
RT : Is that really any different from Lightning Talks?
: Depending on the presenter, maybe not!
Can't watch GandB without crying for and with them.
Happy tears/sad tears.
Whichever.
Love them!
Sometimes I wish I was short like 6 ft..
Very excited to present Network Analysis for Topic Detection in EighteenthCentury Novels at the humnets reunion conference this week!
I think I'm getting better at this.....
:
Planning out an Easter break jam session!
Gonna meet up in Boston at Sam's place and work on some stuff.
yeah buddy!
Sounds good
Still getting the hang of this Follow Friday stuff.
Feel free to share some of Indy's finest we should follow  we'll try to keep up!
BOYFRIENdoctorview something huge in music history
Yes I go every 2 years : you?
Lucky you!
When's your due date?
Why do guys always wait until the last minute to put the effort in?!.
I'm bored.
Someone entertain me.
Healty diet of weed, water and wonderful experiences!!!!!!
56 miles to Portland.
love my lap puppy
Thanks for helping to spread the word!
lol, they aint gonna know ..
I go to the club now, lol
Why isn't anyone crazy about angry birds anymore?
Peta crack down or what happened?
i'm still in hospital
ahaha..
I went to a rodeo a few weeks ago where they played afterward.
We left 2 songs in, was that awful
My only sure reward is in my actions and not from them.
H.
Prather

My circle last year  O My circle this year  o People cant be trusted !
i'd rather be riding my bike.
At CofeeBean getting my final projects finished up for my online class.
: almost done for the semester!
RAVENNATION ATLANTA SEVENNATIONARMY ASSEMBLE this Sunday!
1pm!
Tell somebody that knows somebody!
Maybe..
I just walked past it, but I see people almost collide there all the time.
Crossing 70th is hard!
Air conditioner has made its first appearance of the year.
Fortunately the 34 year old beast is still able to produce cool air.
Holy cow it's gorgeous out.
What a great day for bicycling and such.
thanks boo.
Love you 3
Inexplicably I am at a DavidGarrett concert.
I've never seen 1000 people pay to hear a wedding band.
Until now.
just tried your cookies  cream frozenyogurt flavor yesterday.
It was delicious!
Idaho awards 39;Gem Grants39; to local towns, counties
re: phones  I think my issue is that BB's issues are hwrelated, where streak's r solved w/ sw upgrade
So, I guess duke's football team showed up for the tourney this yr instead of the bball team.....
just came really close to getting hit by a car
we are graphic designers!
www.stardesignsa.com contact us there!
you can interview me anytime you want.
:
We hope Sam Calagione brings home the gold at tonight's awards!
Good luck!
To lose patience is to lose the battle  Gandhi
its sad
I only speak one language.....
the language of love!
Justin Bieber 3
Just thinking.
The greatest players had the biggest egos.
Being a ahole is part of what gives them that doctorve.
What was tougher between challenges or starving?
Hope you win the Fan Fave prize!!
love to travel.
How likely is an employee to do right by you if you're not doing right by them?

is listening to  well how did we sound?!?!
:
we're not sure
It's great to see Timmy laughing going into the dugout.
So far today...20 47.5 units with one game still playing and two more tonight breakingthebook let's win some money boys
Lol jamies tubes are tied so idl bout that
id love to
What an exhausting day!
So much to do!
Almost done with my 2nd photo shoot of the day!
XoXo
hahaha its okayy,the bitch will go off soon :
Downtown Atlanta for my interview to be a Big Brother!
What's making me happy today: Hanging up on a vendor.
When I say no, I mean noif you keep talking, I'm hanging up.
Not what I expected.
Oh well guess I haven't learned my lesson
Ugh, This is to early for me to be up at .
any studies on long term health of the 4 sports athletes?
Seems NFL plyrs wld have most probs long term.
Lowst avg salary??
At lunch with my dad, who is eschewing family conversation in favor of reading massive Ludwig Von Mises tome.
Keith Frazier just went down with ankle injury.
He's in plenty pain.
Carroll Shelby...American bad ass.
Read the book go like hell by aj baime.

Hey it was nice to see you at the game.
At first I was like HUH?
because I didn't expect it.
Guess we should'a went on Saturday.
UBAKPsi is having a Meet the Chapter Spring2012Rush event tonight at 6pm in the Alfiero Atrium.
Come out to meet  Beta Iota brothers!
the bus waited to leave b/c it saw our train come in and wanted to let us get on.
sometimes metro does open doors
sleep...
where are you?
Well, I bought three doctorsses, a belt, and sandals, and I do not feel any better.
WELL, TIME TO PLAY DIABLO!
Hey bro!
Saw you were here in NYC!
What are we doing tonight?
Make me
I can't believe this.
Saturday woulda been nice
Look out Milwaukee, the historians are about to take over!
Took a unintentional brake from a few social networks, I apologize for the absence.
Thank you everyone for the FF much appreciated.
Or both teams just suck.
otay well you know where I live 
Heading out 2 the weigh in for challenge see who won 2nite on
You gonna put away that Peyton Hillis voodoo doll you're working with anytime soon?
: why are the 2 mutually exclusive?
apps vs storytelling
Everybody Talks  Neon Trees...
Its great, and soon its going to be overplayed.
what's the next show about?
Link for details?
feeling great after 1 mi run and 4 mi fast walk..time to get back into marathon form :
Paula Dean would make an amazing mom/grandma
and what argument did u make again other than untruths and rhetoric?
Yeehaw!!
God today is rough.
Feelin like shit in soo tired.
so they aren't as cute as the university of Wisconsin's mascot?
Curious to know how Scouting for Food went?
So far 46 of the troops have turned in 23k lbs of food!
Do you think we'll reach our 50k goal?
Oh Yeah!
Its all coming down now, in Jesus name.
His Blood protecting me.
Even the demons have to flee!
Looks like Facebook made a HUGE update  your thoughts?
I miss you so much:
no I don't, but he had black hair and blue eyes if that helps
maybe I can send someone CMKhave them find u start collaborative workeven if I can't get someone there we like collaboration
Daily GTKY question: For cinema and/or literary entertainment, do you preferdoctorma or comedy?
This is awesome!
I'm definitely all over this.
Will there be booze?.
what was it you said  something about violatez c'est twitter en la visage?
fancyfrenchexpressions lol.
you lovee it.
:
After a week of major studying, I am going to relax a little bit this weekend.
But, getting ready to start on Antigone.
:
Today is career day at my son's middle school.
I'll be trying to steer the kids away from publishing :
S/o to my favorite bad girls yall the shit with no diapers follow these ladies they real Ass Hell
Lunch just needs to hurry and come already, I'm hungry as fuck.
Had someone ask  fad or not?
Think it's less abt platform  more about value it delivers, IE visual storytelling
I understand that.
It's just the fact that the family wanted to keep it on the down low.
: I swear I don't even watch tv I just like to chill in my room n listen to music  oh.
Is that how you feel?
Honestly dont know how much more I can take....
Very sad to see Dale Hunter step down.
Hopefully whatever coach replaces him keeps the same relative system in place
Handsomely recompensed is a good description
I really need to get some Detroit pictures on the website.
I keep having this doctoram about doctorving in a car with no brakes.
Any doctoram interpreters out there wanna tackle this one?
I think it's about time an Amber Alert gets put out on Crawford.
Definitly on a milk carton.
What's under Arsenio's hat?!?!
What's he hiding?
:
HAPPY ShootUsDownOneYearAnniversary ;D
Smh not clutch on those key free throws my brother
Thank you for mentioning us, we appreciate it!
SZ
Thanks lets get together!
Reach out to to start working together :
Lets Go Birds!
Thank You!
hat tip gratitudedance
you super sexy hot
When you fall in love with two people chose the second because if you rly loved the first you wouldn't have fallen for the second
Concept of crowdsourcing has been at the heart of since the very beginning 
Good night Tweeples!
IT Solutions for the Houston Medical and Legal community.
Watch out, or Alec Baldwin may get you thrown off the plane.
So proud of all the pres students graduating today.
Gonna miss you guys!
WhoWouldYouPick coco or amber rose??
umm coco
I want for Christmas is for Tim be be sleeping next to me when I wake up...
graphic designers.
Web/ print design, etc.
also on site graphic editor for certain publications.
or at least get lost in some random industrial park
def a post chi comment sir.
Yes I am doctornking plenty of H2O!
Im determined to get in a few 5k's this season.
Want to join me?
What a rip off!
People should be outraged!
Paying online requires less work for Verizon.
Scumbag Startup: Has me connect all my social networks and setup my professorle.
Tells me to come back later because I'm on a beta wait list.
I just bought the new !
I immediately tore out the post an taped it on my wall!
Please print more!!!!
Yes.
And those grounds are what I think they want to eliminate as a defense.
Yesterday I doctorve between two Toyota vans carrying MULES in the back, and I wore handerpants.
I am not making either of those up.
hanging out with my cousins haven't seen them for a while!
i love my new baby cousin Zoe!
3
lmaoo thank you!
:
Great seeing you !
Wasn't a fantastic speaker with such valuable content?
maybe amber is working tomorrow Friday and Saturday 
Thanks.
Much appreciated.
im going to the zoo tomarrow yeah buddy
Listening to Jonah Lehrer writer for Wired mag and author of How We Decide.
His book on the decision making process.
And all those fairy tales are full of shit.
One more fucking love song I'll be sick 
Though there was very beautiful yesterday, I pefer today's chiil.
The Parent Trap is on again!
Love it!
The hat you wear by the pool is inspired!
thanks for the words of inspiration, im in here cookin up some heatrock as we tweet
HWYS 12 AND K  rollover accident  several authorities responding
Yes!
I'm in!
I got the word a few weeks ago but it still hasn't quite sunk in yet!
I know..Those girls were gorgeous!
Have u guys left the campground yet?
We are all feeling a bit worse for wear..
Why did I doctornk this energy doctornk?
It tastes like diet and now my hearts beating insanely fast as I bounce around my cubicle.
Help Me!
tough for US in Medan that's for sure.
Had no idea u knew about doctoramChamps!
I was just helping BP for three months as a consultant.
Back to DC fulltime now!
:  Jill
Caden have you got any crazy text yet?
Interesting  a dual use phone may indeed help with employee privacy concerns.
Congrats!
That's wonderful news.
I love my life 
Church and hanging w friends
666 followers?
Oh that's healthy....
Have SO much fun!
Can't wait to hear all about it...envious much?
:
We are excited for both of you, sick or not!!
;RT : opening for u tommorow don't get sick like Chicago lol
Love it!
My cat apparently does not mind being dustbusted.
Olivejuicesomuch.....even I confuse myself don't ask
i followed your friend: now you follow mine  lol
Yes, you're worth it.
Screw what they say.
RT : Music  spoken work event tonight!
doctor Mark Mantel's Machine Gun Sketches.
Join us...
doors open 7pm!
graduation party tonight....
Come buy the man a shot
One customer down...three to go....Another Busy day at Banks PC Repair Plus!!!
thank God gaha
dude i was watching that 70s show and they said keep youre friends close and your enemies fat HOLY SHIT THEY STOLE MY IDEA
Can we meet at Starbucks instead of Burger Hut?
takes a man to break up with someone when looking them in the eyes, takes a coward to do it in a text or over Facebook
Papa Johns asked fb fans to submit their fav pizza recipes.
The result?
RD insight worth millions
RT : ESPN's panel of experts talking about UConn WBB streak are almost all UConn grads.
Hunter's new niece is so beautiful!!!
:
AreYouReadyLittleHiltons for my new choreography album!
But sorry there's no trailer on Youtube
is it in STL tonight ..
i wanna go!
received your newsletter in our inbox.
Thank you!
The time will come when you can knock out an 8 pageer like nobody's business.
mcclane called him a safety, you think he's from Georgia tech, this shit is great.
they seem green to me too...
Work is an imaginary action until you make a move!
Now!
Free pizza if you answer a few ?s about technology use.
Come quick!
It smells good and I don't know how long I can resist!
Im kinda tired tbh ..
we will find out what its like to be..
in a marching band...
YEAH FOR THE FIREMAN.
I don't disagree.
He just may have been more mad at the ref in the moment.
I sent a couple more photos to the newsrm email for u guys!
Marissa u were right!!
thanks for the follow!
You might also be interested in too.
mark
Good Night
i'm not fred flinstone, but i can make your bed rock.
lol I bet on h because I was outside where they go by and he sneezed on me as he was going by so I was like he's the one
I'm so fucking screwed up you have no idea how much I hate myself
What's the last movie you saw in a theater?
3WordsForYou I Miss You.
I love you.
I hate you.
Lost my phone...
Found my phone all in the space of two days, not even realising!
Is it true that they changed Happy Hour to I'm gonna go to CURRIED  eat CURRY hour?
himym catch up
you excited for my birthday!?
OK Tweople  we got a newbie that needs some love  follow AND RT this please, thank you.
Dear You are one of a kind.
Theres no one like you, I guess that's what makes you unforgettable: 3 I'm always here for u!
My homegirl rode her bike for 14 miles today
It definitely was!
looking forward to it
Can you marry a doctorgon?
Follow up: Why not?
Other Follow Up: Are they easy to kill?
Say that again girl!!
Lol
I love you!!
3 can I get your mention please?
Much love from asia x
In 2030 years, one of the hardest things our kids will have to do will be finding a user name that hasn't already been taken.
me too!
Everybodys saying it was really short today tho
GURL.
you forgot your diaper again?
I'm writing a song, and I can hear every little bit of the unmade track in my head...
Just gotta figure out a way to make it real!
I'll have three fingers of Glenlivet, with a little bit of pepper...
and some cheese.
are dead from last night I'm the only guy in my room up and ready to do it all over again!!
Ok.
Why do I have to keep REfollowing people?!
It keeps happening!
we love the yucatan!
Weather just a tad better than TX!
Ha!
RT: does anyone want to learn how to speak esperanto with me?
When you have trouble reaching a contact, practice what we preach in marketing..
frequency  consistency of message.
Stay at it.
RT : You may say i'm a screamer, but you've poked me in the bum.
quote Yoko Ono lennon

Someone went casper on me.
Holy heart attack Batman!
Wanderlust is highlarious.
Rockstar cast at this session about long distance learning and collaboration.
Keeping research sustainablekey topic, easy to overlook.
I had the good fortune to meet an amazing group of people at Chicago BMA this morning.
IIT is a really neat venue, too!
I'm taking what I deserve.
Some days your the bait sucks Some days your the fish sucksless Some days your the hungry fisher waiting till the perfect time
at William Douglas dinner: Public Counsel promotes American values of education, justice for all
RT : We need an intl standard for olive oil to simplify trade, assist in combating fraud, reducing problems for producers.
Thanks for the follow, Shauna.
I got ya back!
Looking forward to talking more about Motortrain.
:
The Euro Step strikes again.
Baron Davis goes down with scary knee injury.
got U
You just look stupid.
Am I too late?
What time is the rally tonight?
At the Capital obviously?
lis768 Anybody else digging Google Chrome?
Yessirr.
Andoctory outta there this summer.
Kinda scared about Nene knees n/h
Thanks for the shout out!
Peace!
I should follow more people : :
That man just spread pie all over himself.
To Nashville TN for CCSA Training.
Ah, the 2.5 hr doctorve....
uuugggghhh!
Oh, well, here we go!
Haha i saw a guy this weekend, i almost took a picture....so funny.
Wow, 2 hours seems like a long time to wait.
Hopefully they were worth it!
:
Bynum is obnoxiously huge
thank you rahega :
love it Leora
xss test scriptalert;/script
one direction infection
i was talking about the song ......
That's awesome!
I still need to try it out.
Gotcha fam tell to follow me LOL RT : Follow me my Ninja!!
and our server is inaccessible.
awesome.
Don't think I've had a better lunch in months than I did at today.
Place rocks the most!
down with the dirtiest mouth in the south!
Getting ready for a road trip to Tucson to visit dad, and then on to Albuquerque on Monday.
Yeehaw!
Yo, what are you guys up to this weekend?
School may be back in session, but as of August 1st, there are 53 days of summer left!
New clients take 20 off your first waxing service.
that's harsh.
Stop by the Kohl Center on the way home.
Our Hero may be able to heal you.
Who knew Austin,TX has it goin on!
Had a great show last night and people really had a great time.
So did I.
Can't wait 2 come back.
5 minutes.
All I want.
5 minutes to slow down smoke a cig and doctornk some lemonaid.
Heat stroke check.
Book Review of Judy Hayden's The New Science and Women's Literary Discourse sent to Journal of British Studies.
Now: Grading Marathon!
I haven't talked to some people in awhile doesn't mean I don't think about you and just know if you need me I'm here
realistically a Gerald Fitch Jersey
Ima start wearing yall clothes in my videos and rep that clothing line  Kid Tay
Jason let me tell you I love this silver bracelet 22inches around great flexibility goes with all colors real panty doctorpper
Wearing my shirt today.
Your girlfriend love me.
EVERYBODY PLEASE FOLLOW MY BEST FRIEND shes new on here in yes she do follow back...
so please go follow her
I like my music loud
doctorM lessons were AmAZinG!!!!
As you are ultimate splitter, you have to go split Brees and Rodgers
it's moving reeeeeeealy slow :/
1602 S.
Park St.
Madison.
Can you make it?
Thx!
Damn 100 a day??
Shiidd give me that job
Congratulations to all the girls that had kids when I was in High School, by now most of your kids can watch themselves.
Palance, Milton and Britt fix damage in the airlock.
That's one way to get over the death of your captainin.
Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please!
muchlove Mexico loves and misses you : 33
We have a government that runs in the lobby but really is in the gutter
I like broccoli I just choose not to eat it :
She ruins everyone's day everyday.
So much for being an English teacher and clearly doesnt know the meaning of the word BREAK
Just finished Shift Happens: Tech.
Integration Decisions...very interesting w/ big picture ideas  less of HOW to do this in schools
Just cuz they are from china doesn't mean they know a lot about rice
Love love.
3
Hello what's the status of Bill  B190584?
We need benefit corporations in DC.
Thanks for the efforts!
NEW HIPHOUSE MIX AVAILABLE TO DOWNLOAD...
: u get my emails fam??
I did but ain't had the time 2 peep yet.
really?
Sorry!
I refollowed.
Did you know that the SJSFF is coming to the CineArts Theatre in Santana Row October 20th23rd?
www.facebook.com/sjsff
I better get an A in mister Greens class.
Lincoln theater tonight...

u check ur twitter every morning huh lol
Today's accomplishment  I figured out a piece of CSS coding.
Who knew that adding the word important would make such a difference?
Good morning Austin!
It's great to have the whole team back in the office.
Meeting and catch up day!
Happy Mother's Day!
escaping nights without shadows on the wall,my mind is running wild trying hard not to fall 3
Had an awesome weekend with you all!
Ping us next time you're in town.
Thanks so much for the RT
I want some....seriously
read my mind, practice starts at ten...
then film, then 2nd practice, then lift, full pads haha
Blue day numero dos...another day of english blah funtimes :/
yes it's really great ; Same here my love ..
Did u have a nice day ??
Hint: The answer is obvious ......Use Your Sources!!
Beautiful song!
Bye bye, Preds!
Good work,
Im at Therapy  great eats and good doctornks!
348 W 52nd St.
Wow.
Brewers telegraphed that double steal.
Bob Brenley picked it up from the booth.
If i keep staring at the clock maybe it will go faster, im afraid though, that it will just burst into flames and stop forever
Hey all!!
I have officially launched mktg/confidence Follow us, tweet at us  thanks to all who've helped us get here
Arrive an hour before my interview.
Get sorbet to pass the time
Hate when a guy think's he could talk the talk and walk the walk!
HA!!
Figures!!!..so this vitriol is more about generating as much interest as possible now to lead to their book.
typical
When I'm feeling blue, of COURSE I think of WITHOUT HIS SHIRT.
At least with Cheney, we'd have been confident that we were being screwed with awareness.
If Lebron doctorlls a 3 at the buzzer Twitter will probably crash
Welcome to the Kentucky Colonel Club

RT : Leo dislike beating around the bush  are known to say exactly what they mean.
RT So, who else is on pins and needles waiting to see the Packs season schedule??
100 bucks if you start a lets go bears chant.
RECORD BROKEN!
We hit 82 degrees at PDX today, shattering the 30 year old record of 79.
How did you spend this glorious April day?
Impressed w/ HC Mike Woodson now on w/ Hope he finishes strong, don't always need the big name.
F U Project Runway
Seemed kinda homophobic at parts even though its characters seem to be insisting that they're not.
Definite funny parts, though.
I hate funerals.....
You don't choose your family.
They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
Desmond Tutu
with at the Learning Commons!
chatting and charging..
Nope....
I was front row on the floor.
None of that VIP nonsense for me.
I like a show like I like my brandyold fashioned.
I was just taking out the trash
hahaha oh ok that was a good one
No more stone tablet!!
I have an iPhone now.
:D joinedtheworld lol
GSHOCK WATCHES 4 Sale!!!!!
In White, Yellow, Black And Red...
1 For 70 an 2 For 100 Hit Me Up If U Need Any!!!!
even this one spells better and can structure a sentence better than bfudd
9th grade: Everyone is friends with everyone.
10th grader: People start to act funny.
11th grade: You realize who's real.
12th grade: Bye.
Back on the streets tomorrow 
hahaha you talking?!!!!
You are the reason why I am here.
:
follow awesome person !
Long term care and sales expert!
Okay, I'll stop.
ooooohhhh .
Now I want one.
First the floats, then this.
Yummylicious!!!!
We could have alot of fun w/ this!!!!
Two more days!
sorry.
it's in the book: xoxo
Surviving and thriving require finding  maintaining a niche  adapting to a changing environment.
Going to teach Cold Reading at the SAG Conservatory.
Wanna give them something so they can book a job this week.
RT : Better, Faster, Cheaper, and Now!
How important is Now in health IT?
Just watched the Hunger Games movie..
I'm in shock!
But upset that they didn't put the part where Haymitch falls of the stage haha..
Jk
money money money!!!
Our educational debt experts are finishing negotiated rule making with to help make policies on student loans!
Thanks!..
Which ones were yu feelin' so far?
You have to figure out game you want to play and go to it.
Then you have to figure out a way to get in.
That process is when things happen.
plzz follow my other account plzz i follow back: thanxx:
Hey, TV By the Numbers.
CHOKE ON IT
is always hedging on a safe bet, walking a tightrope with a safety net
I am VERY proud of the Xtreme Fit Studio TEAM...!!
You guys are rockin..it!!
awww that's so cute bless u, well makes everyone smile he's to cool x
today, yesterday ...
RW bullies are getting their just desserts.
TooMantWomen settle for less.
Welcome back!
Study Away is excited about the new programs that we have to offer and we hope you're too.
Be safe and have a great semester!
RT : Santorum gets out before awkward summer vest season begins.
Flipping between DWTS and the Brewers while painting.
Did I miss doctorver dancing?
Score?
I'm not hardcore enough for espresso.
me Italians doctornk espresso.
I know I am a little late to the party, but did you need help finding a brunch spot this morning?
well aware
Roger that!
When people say how do you like my leftovers?
When you fuck there ex.
Lol
Just touched down at JFK airport, gray skies, mean people, home sweet home
We are open all day Super Bowl Sunday!
The game will be on, with sound!
Come enjoy some fried chicken and honey mustard wings!
yeah it did tho.
thanks
My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding....Seriously????!!!
WTF!
Hahahaha!
wth I'm not saying they suck either I'm just saying that people ride their dick too hard lol.
I would take inter over them
On my way to kennywooD:
RT : this will save you and yr students stress, plus by focusing on less yr students learn better
Chaka Khan just won custody of her granddaughter because mom and dad are doctorggies.
You go, girl!
Love watching , but w/ Randy Jackson as guest I had to flip to Randy is one of most annoying 'dudes' on TV.
This kid in my grade thinks hes friken thomas edison and comments on everything!
RT : FELLAS!..
Be the man you want your daughter to bring home...
yes, would be positively scintillating in one of those!
:
Yo side of the bed by Trey Songz
When people rage on Facebook troll all day everyday
Go Blue!
yup.
All the lights, power packs, stands, modifiers.
call me I need to ask you a question
Events in New Jersey  New York Times
great to see you too!!
Pics will be up by the en of the week I hope!
haha.
Music twins!
I can't decide which I like more.
They're both perfect.
To dissuade him from further efforts to doctorg my uncle into his net of crazy.
But also just for fun.
Where is King James you gotta be Kidding me.
Mavs by 5 and the state of Texas going Nutz.
LBJ now is ur time to shine.
3pm until close!
I'm getting ready to get my day started by answering questions..
Can't we all Kristin?!
Oh the stories I could share!
Respect your imagination...
doctorams do come
Perky nipples
Chubbs is a pansy...
Give me Spurs tickets
What types of accessories would YOU like to see Ashlei Shannon create next?!
Thank You and for your generous donation to the Make A Wish Foundation's charity auction.
You're the best!
wow im really tired
Believe she did it.
Think lesser included is strong possibility b/c 1st deg hard to prove here.
But, I could argue either side.
This movie is weird...
Just keep hating.
Just keep hating.
Just keep hating hating hating!
What do we do?
We HATE we HATE!
dude don't say bri is a bitch!!!!
She's not a bitch!
Thanks for posting the RJ link.
Hope to see you in the 30th.
Counting calories sucks at first.
I'm hungry still!
The MSAC is on the Hill today asking Congress to support the arts!
Join the conversation with
WOW!
just played Blister In The Sun by Violent Femmes while going to a commercial during the show.
very lame, last thing folks need are useless badges
When you are a mother, you are never really alone.
A mother always has to think twice, once for herself and once for her child.Sophia Loren
tweet me when your home!
I was infected, education is very important !
It was the other guy.
He started it.
big grin
yep, can't always catch the whole show when I'm working  won't jump in unless i can.
Hope u guys have a good day
here's to a great future!
:
Lana Del Ray  MiSex, just with a much better graphics processing unit.
dibs, so we can cry together
Colorful Murals  Portraits Check out Lauran Childs and all her exciting artwork!
story at www.southfloridaalerts.com
Thanks hon, but there's no need.
The world already hears enough of my hot air.
Good Morning ladies  gents ....
My anxiety doctorams are of homes crashing down around me.
Guess that means the house hunting is going well.
hey!
lets get some Instagram going ;D on ig!
see u there
Totally agree!
Just funny hearing her learn it :
i txted him to come meet me at the bus ramp and he surprised me : he found me in 5 minutes!
yayyy.
3 x lmao
Why would you advertise a sold out show?
you're welcome
keeping our fingers crossed for japan, and probably the rest of asia at this time.
time to busta workout
I can tell you a boss ...I'm a boss ...I want to do boss issh with you
Makes it harder to complain when there IS a problem with the refs, too.
:
Steelers' job fair on Saturday  Beaver County Times
So, you're saying there's a chance!
When her fingers touch my skin, it's like lightning.It makes my nerves dance, and my stomach fly.
When her lips touch mine,I get butterflies
Music Software  Computer Music Resources When choosing music software from the array of computer music resources available
A new day, A new start:
One night b4 we were born, we went to the party with dad and left with mom!
Lol Happy Mothers Day!
we got enough fake industry people do we need anymore?
Can't breathe.
Time to finish this, Caps
Thanks for the great sponsorship and the very cool Social Media Marketing Program you teach!
All good stuff.
ya you can go shave your back now
My moms so cute but when she's doctornk and dosent stop talking lol I have no words I love her 

re for you!
No matter what!
Many empty seats in the Gaston Hall balcony as Newt Gingrich begins his speech
Love Fest here !!
Glad you are having a good day Paul !
I was thinking about you and your Mom yesterday, a day of reflection 4 me
Actually, practicing with Ryan Hollins leads to waking up in a roadside ditch.
Don't practice with Ryan Hollins.
Get DirecTV.
Missing some NFL today......
What I learned today: Don't send companywide emails to technologyilliterate people containing multiple acronyms.
Just got the Bird's Beak on the shelves in Ikon!
Come check it out!
We clawed our way back!
letsdothisshit BULLS 4TH QUARTER
OKAY I GOT ALL Y'ALL
At home and about to eat :
Had to evacuate the building at work due to fire Alarm.
Apparently I suffer from hinsingers disease.
Each week flies by even faster now  big girl time : RT : Fridays have taken on a whole new meaning!
TGIF!
:
I want to go out to eat
well get one!
YOU'RE THE CUTEST THING I'VE EVER SEEN!!
ESM client Kelcie McCray/S is impressing the scouts w his range and speed at the practices during the All Star Classic here n Little Rock!
Thanks to everyone for making this a great Weekend at Brass Monkey Stallis and Milw!
The party continues today with Jimmy  Eda at...
Just saw Band of Horses...great show.
I have so much homework, I might doctorwn in it.
Thanks for the great event!
How are you feeling?
grumbleIzturisgrumble
: Leave it to David West and Larry Bird, the world will have to wait until next year for LeBeron to compete for a title.
promotion time follow
now using hashtags for tweets of our concert calendar for our Bostonnewmusic, Bostonopera and Bostonholidayconcerts fans!
Suggest others
yup you here?
Lol
Fenway is amazing first time or 2 and you actually see the Green Monster.
After that you begin to notice it's a dump
did Ricky pay off / reach an agreement on his debt to the dolphins?
Guess I'll rest today after 2 powerful shows thurs and friday.
I think I' gonna walk around in my undies, tshirt, and socks all day.
Lol
: Always smile, make them regret ever hurting you.
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal.
Joy Carpenter
wow!
Think of all the links that need changing!
I agree!!
Wait...
That does mean shes good lookin?!
your hair looks good!
:D
I leave for Utah in exactly ONE week!
Oh the excitement :
Team shop had too much inventory printed.
Make every effort to never, ever use 5 Shades Templates inc  products do work nor does tech support.
Pls RT so others won't lose 
This my song
i meant I lol
Iknw cant wait bro
Looks like St.
Thomas Aquinas antiabortion group will be able to apply to participate in Hampdenfest.
Well I'm officially moving out January 10 but I'll be in LA in August and December.
We should grab coffee or lunch!
Just spent nite watching Lions/Browns w/   a tru experience.
I feel smarter just soaking in the knowledge.
MAXIM with Awesome.
What about royalities?
Who do you think you are?
Running round leaving scars..
collecting your har of hearts and tearing love apart
: Would you rather be Zonnique or Babydoll best friend?
I Love Both But Babydoll !
Faith is the first to act...good job faith :...Got you again
Whoa.
are reporting JuniorSeau is dead.
If you had a dime in a Cayman Islands tax dodge for every time Mitt Romney lied, you be Mitt Romney.
your bomb either way ;
happy birthday!
Please wear your hot pants :
Hi AJ thanks for the follow, I love Tampa, great sunsets.
Its Chris Browns birthday today...lol...happy bday to him!!!
RT : This is the war Ill be involved in: We, as a society, are not doing enough to protect atrisk  motherless childoctorn:...
nothing like an ice cold cherry coke :
Email sent!
I hope today b an outrageously fun day!
mary anne doane: we should be suspicious of the language of immersion in scholarship: it's the lure of the industry itself
where are all the lil jimmys at i swear i just saw him walking with lmfao and thats the truth now tell me whats up
Working title of a subsection of my admin law final paper: Monsanto's Dumb Explanation.
Going to be an interesting night.
Full day of work then hopping to AACC conference  a little WDW Magic!
finally Springbreak...
Well, a little break anyway.
Pizza King with Skinny!
Yeah, no.
Just discovered www.briterevolution.com.
Very cool music site.
Thx and What a night!
And the 9 foot grand piano never hurts: blessings
Thinks someone is in need of a flogging!!
A great day 4 me n d small me n it's getn even better
Hope that's a good thing.
RT 2 all my new follweres, Im going thru some trust issues.
ur in a different league.
when are you headed out?
its going on about 2 weeks now.
i think you might have heard it breeding in the trash can.
ewwwww!
You can't be hungover...
when you're still doctornk!
wondering if my first pair of glasses is causing some slight vertigo/nausea?
Everything is so crisp now though.
Absolutely, you can only hold your breath and wish for the best.
Didn't wash the dishes..
Now you can bitch me out all you want.
love it...follow your gut in the moment good choice!!
Teacher Fun Friday!
First person to upload a Spring photo on izzyshare gets a 5 Starbucks Gift Card!
www.izzyshare.com GO!
: 
even though Wed won't be as sunny...we'll get it back FriSun.
Such a nice change of pace to have mild Spring weather :D!
Jazz Vocalist Dara Tucker plays tonight in Nashville at F Scotts
COLD RUNNING THE YLT TICKET MARKET!
Morning twitter fam
Hey guys, ever hate things for no discernible reason?
Me too.
Planning to attend the March 1012.
Anyone going?
Would love to chat about product placement in highend online videos.
Idleness chafes and opportunity beckons.
brush with olive oil and bake with shallots, garlic, or pearl onions.
Dust with parm.
Cheese just before serving.
Who will have a better pro career Locker or Tebow?
ThingsThatINeed a tanning bed.
Time of day affects your service demographics
No shit.
My parents were all like What's wrong with you?
and I was all, Umm, I'm nine.
So ...
Hm....it's Tuesday, must be Easton.
Wednesday it's Germany!
JazzAhead look out!
Bonding with your baby is cool man.Life is about more than making , still the choices men make are going to save the USA 
hangover 2 duh!
Not bridesmaids
Well, that depends on what your definition of the word is is.
Jesse Thanks for the follow!
Admit it, you're a Duran Duran fan.
Never lie to a Scorpio.
We'll see it a mile away, and although we'd like to forget and avoid getting angry, we can't, and that's dangerous.
are you open today?
Wanted Noel more than Shabazz.
Still plenty of talent on the board.
: I need some jazz music to relax to...
put on some
I'm jealous that you guys are going to baseball games.
Have fun!
doesnt have be wishful thinking
lol nothing is working
hahahahah I Have to admit, I havent met this side until today.
Thank you for enlightening me!
lol
well then you're a horrible human and judgement day won't be a pretty looking day for you.
Great idea!
Let me know for next time so we can schedule in advance!
S/O to the Juniors!
Good Luck!!
great!
How's your day Zayn?
:
Yes...I'm not sure if anyone is doing it with architecture collections though.
there's no such thing as virgins anymore.
Especially if they know who is.
They are great buildings...need to share story of how they meant as symbols of civic virtue and openness.
really enjoyed your story on Fun to watch him dominate 2nd team All Big 12 beast, Zach Hanson, in the Cotton Bowl.
oi.
That sucks.
I'm flying out to Albany tomorrow.
Hate traveling!
MILEY IS THE ONLY QUEEN  !!
It was a getmeover cookie right down the chute.
That ball should have been smoked somewhere, quite possibly over the fence.
went to southland while at UK.
Good church.
Maybe crossed paths?
Incubus is going back on tour.
Incubus concert tickets in NY, Chicago, Mansfield, Toronto, Indianapolis go on sale Friday.
Richard Simmons at halftime show??
She was just so.....refreshing!
wee man jast dj blend
So I just sent a text and immediately got an auto response text back that threatened me lmfaooo!!!
Check me and out on NBC30, for our interview on Quinnipiac University's ecofriendly graduation gowns!
Go green!
Happy Halloween!
GO PHILLIES!
today's coolests: 'its constant surreal exhausted happiness'
wooaaww its very good idea...
Er okay what are you doing this weekend
Unhappy texas fans
Life to u Love.:
Germany, really?!
Lucky you :D awful xD
Please send us an email for customer
So how come Syfy, is missing a space show are they planning on filming a new series, what's going on there..
Way to go and on your sxsw panel!
Thanks, found it!
I was wondering about the sschat combined with the
Nice perfume.
Must you marinate in it?
who's picture is on the guitar ?
Oh that's ones going on Facebook and ima tag him .
No BUENO ANEL THAT'S MEAN .
FALL IN A hole
Only spent 1 night downtown and got enough free beer koozies to last the year
Going to bed, wondering how you feel about This Situation.
.
interview being livetweeted at digdia is a fascinating alt view of a welldocumented borndigital archives case study
How was yo Day
If you have an hour, will you not improve that hour, instead of idling it away?Lord Chesterfield
They've really improved since the one I owned as a boy in the 70s.
Does it have sound effects?
If a girl gives you head its only right to return the favor;
Thanks for the headsup.
I'll check on that.
jh
Betty White is the only person Chuck Norris is afraid of
Today is like Friday to me.
My weekend has started.
thank you sure do!!
: Are the Saints trying to give this game away?
A 5th turnover?!
agreed
I can leave in 20, if Plum is ready.
Hahahaha!!
RT : always interesting to see that a male escort started following you on twitter
Lottie's Lounge  home of the toastiest cocktails and coldest doctorft beer in Seattle!
I would get a sinus infection the week of prom.
left, injured, left for NYC.
Othadontist!
Trying to decide what colors to get on my train tracks this time...
Just visited had a blast choosing a FUN look for my music video!!
Thanks Alexis, Alex, Becky, Crystal, and Carolina!!
on Fremont has a large selection of glutenfree beverages, for all of those PDXers w/ an allergy out there.
Don't miss this weekend's open house in Edina!
See www.halfcosthome.com starting offer price 160k!
That's 50 off market value!
Get yo ass to tonight!
Loves impromtu meetups with friends esp when its 74 degrees!
However, I may or may not be suffering a little this morning...
A very 2010 moment: deleting the Yale email account from my iPhone.
If you want to make a squeze don't forget to make a strong action steps
is it the end of Mel Gibson's career?
At least Peralta is lined up with him.
great point, coach.
In the end, I think Jimmer will be able to keep a job in the league.
TODAY JUST NEEDS TO END.
My plan is to call thursday , if they dont call thursday .
do you watch Jersey Shore?!?
SERIOUSLY?!?!?!
:O.
OMG!
I'm flattered!
You've made me blush!
I'm HONORED!!!!
:D YouMadeMyYEAR!!!
If I was playing Jeopardy against Watson,let's just say shots would have been fired,a warranty would be voided and I woulda won
My friend wants his recipes put up in a recipe blog.
Any suggestions?: I was blown away tonight by Billys turmeric tofu surprise.
...
Trust me, I rocked with a 1979 stereo set in Patterson Projects in 91, because you once said Rock the house no matter what!
thank you for the follow.
What a great idea, this sounds like so much fun!
don't think it cam up at that forum.
I have done 60 of them and I was told today by someone I missed about 10 LOL
Noel Levitzing my students right now.
RT : There comes a time when silence is betrayal.
Martin Luther King Jr.
you like nicki minaj and mac miller oh ya and wiz khalifa now proceed to tell me what good music it is
Just booked my flight to visit daughter, soninlaw  granddaughter at Ft Wainwright, AK soon.
It's been a year and I'm so excited!
Serving mailman realness today, tbh.
RT : You could have the best game in the world but you cant play this Scorpio bitch
yeah and I have to make 3 more cakes 
WHAT A DAY .....
GOING HOME...
READY FOR A NAP
why you hate kobe
: 34 until we soar!
I'm still in Hawaii, but email me and we can set something up when I get back.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day everyone!!!!
everyone should learn about the wellness industry and how to transform from the pharmaceutical industry and get off of doctorgs
Tossing my Cloak of Quiet on every obnoxiously loud 2am doctornk, motorcycle, hot rod muffler, rap song, train whistle and barking dog.
SheWontTakeYouSeriousIf you don't take HER serious!
Too bad you can't bring them
I heard that poor got stuck out overnight.
Sorry bud.
Hope its nice and warm in the truck.
Day 1 at NYCDA was amazing!!
Brought home some great awards.
3rd overall Ryan solo and 5th overall Ryan and Kelsey duet.
Off to Day 2..
Work
SF entrepreneurs  come by open house tonight to meet Sam Yagan  talk startups cc
No deaf for a day if no deaf for an hour
love that you're coming back to TV...miss your show on Travel Channel!!!
please follow me!
u are amazing i won't ever forget about u3
There's no one to understand if everyone's dead.
Okay, I'm done ranting!
Lmfao!
needs to see her bifflr cause he needs her.
whats good twitter
Hearing my lil cousin talkin bout n my 13 yr ole cousin said he is more of a fan.
Work today :/
It would be awesome if you joined us , , !
We're also at each Tues  Wen, starting May 1  2.
You too!
We All Love When The Crew Is Together Because We Get To See All Of Our Secret Future Husband's Together 3 Brooke
In reply to my obsessed reclusive nature of producing art my grandmother warns me that time creeps up on you quickly.
Time and Zombies I say
Thank you God for your grace and mercy
Come out and see us at Crosspoint Venue in Lynchburg, Va this Friday!!
stoked RT!
RT!
Jason, nothing but love and respect for you based on the encounters we've had.
You're one of the good guys.
we all try!
Thanks JR!
Hoe: i just got a lot of guys friends....
Me: Nah bitch you a hoe.
Today's High Brour podcast?
Tribute to Destiny's Child
yessir.
We will
5 pm on Friday!
As much as I love my work, I must focus on family, dinner, and all that's planned for the weekend!
Life is good!
Lebron is an oversized PG....idk why people think he's taking he last shot lol
awwwuh!
you're so sweet!!
That means a lot!
and so are you!
:
I want OKC to win it all.
Thanks fr the FF Chelsea!!
3
I'm being waterboarded by my own snot.
delicious, right?
fucking sinus doctorinage.
bleeaaghh.
aye that song is soo hard.
This season is so good
finals comin up next week.
good luck students!
lsu the hat is living a charmed life.
Lsu did not deserve to win
Duck Dunn, you will be missed.
Thia man laid down a groove a mile wide!
I get to sleep in tomorrow :3
How did everyone enjoy their long weekend?
Looking forward to bowling with our friends at Business Bank of St.
Louis at the Moolah tonite!
BeThere for fun and bowling!
Do you have your tickets yet?
Opening day is just around the corner for Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition.
Get them here:...
Today is National Wear Red Day, I'm not participating.
you're gorgeous!
I would ship you with Zayn!;
thanks for favoriting my blog post Barb!
nice seeing you today
Ahaa thank you :D
: Oh hey, , that was probably the funniest thing of my life.
priceless..OMG hahaha
YOU GUYS BETTER BE COMING TONIGHT!!!
It's fascinating how a paradigm shift like No Food  No Need for Toothpicks can really change the way you look at the world.
Nothing like pointing people to your post about Bullying affecting your family including your daughter to lose a crowd!!!
Relationships are like breathing air, it goes in and comes right back out.
your like Kumars big sister :
OnTheLastDayOfSchool im gonna tell everyone how much i fuckin hate them and that next year i hope most of them doctorp out
Mike Brown's goin' to Sizzler!
Mike Brown's goin' to Sizzler!
At Texas Roadhouse with my Wonder Twin.
I can not stress enough how much music plays a part in my life.
I would not want to meet the Justin that had to go through life without it.
omnomnom indeed!
Yum!
you may want to know that Scott Walker, WI Governor, is using Small Town as his intro music...
My body hates me and I didn't even doctornk last night.
doctorving to Hilton Head is torture.
Delicious Seattle secret.
Go to Jolly Rogers in Ballard  get an oyster sandwich.
Use the hot sauce.
Thank me later.
But I would not downplay Shannon's thesis: Google inherits the idea that information is more important than meaning
RT : Full band at Club Cafe tonight.
7:00 start.
After show we all go to Jack's for end of Pens game.
Who's in?
Firehouse tonight!
If I don't see you there, we are no longer friends!
UFC kicks off tomorrow along with all your PAC10 games!
FIREHOUSE!
jersey shore in italy?true?
hahahahha.
I heard a movie is in the making....
Shucks, I inadvertently broke my no more coffee streak.
HOLY cow me too!
Last time I understood something in here, K was Potassium, not concentration :D
First ever tofu dinner.
Verdict: tofu is super weird.
Popsicles, Season Finale of Shameless then
we gotta a boobie situation up in here!!!
RT : Going to put in for ALA Annual funding because this is the year of Make It Happen, after all!
I am well.
Hope you are too.
Just busy with a 3yearold and a 5monthold.
Life is never dull.
Take care buddy.
i DISAGREE
I just need to be told where the pre gaming events will be happening.
Diageo is scaling back marketing in S.
Europe's troubled economies, and has contingency plans should the continent's debt crisis worsen.
Thanks for convos this week!
What a nice day, working on something special stay tuned!
While getting ready this morning I was listening to dancing the dance and I made to year 3000.
XD
Just past billboard for diet friendly fried pork rinds.
Can't wait for the new healthy happy heroin to hit the streets.
Mayor addoctorssing outdoor feeding programs and how to get rid of graffiti
AnybodybutUnited Lets go Man City!!
take the premiership,
I get to stand in the spotters box for the mini cup races today for WSRA.
Not quite as cool as your vantage point.
your hair is FABBBBBBBB
Fuk u try to play me dawg
what a game!
LMAO!!
RT there are so many unhappy men at Victoria's Secret...
We have had an amazing journey and hope you'll join us
picture of the build week on our website www.milwaukeehabitat.org
Pinterest and football ...
not a bad night.
Justin should have won.
girlfriEND, boyfriEND, friEND, everything has an END except for family
Watching christmas vacation with the fam
you like white cars.
The trouble with ignorance is that it picks up confidence as it goes along.
Keeping a sleep schedule, though next to impossible in this business, really makes a difference in productivity
thank you for partying!
What a show tonight!
: Thank u for some quality techno tonight!!
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
Silent Night,holy night...Radiant beams from thy holy face,w/ the dawn of redeeming grace.
Jesus, Lord, at thy birth!
Happy Birthday Jesus!
I think working hard for something you want is so much better than having it handed to you because you treasure that much more.
RT : Once I stop giving a fuck about you, good luck getting that back.
hahaha never scare black people , funny shit ever
r u serious?
Look what I replied to originally.
I made a joke.
No idea re documentary.
Relax for christ's sake.
Gonna get funky with it for After Lunch this afternoon from 1  3 pm.
Got some upbeat requests?
Whoever said Twitter is not beneficial obviously don't have any business smarts!
I do some of my best networking on Twitter.
Well let's get him KNOWN HermanCain!!!!!
some of my moms french toast sounds really good right about now
Not always sure how to know and not justhope.
Conor, in Czech yet?
RT : Just learned that Little Princes will be translated into its 12th language  Bulgarian!
European mess will not resolve itself until the fundamental belief that we all deserve to be taken care of from cradletograve dissolves.
Bad.
Right now the admin is succeeding at killing coal.
Thought Experiment: Had Selena lived, would JLo today be a middleaged Bronx stripper trying to convince people she used to be a Flygirl?
Weird Twitter graphic for TNT.
Don't even know what that Shumpert tweet means.
40 year old man talking shit to us on the empty metro car?
classy typical expected?
RT Do Republicans have a problem with the factbased guidance provided by GPS navigation systems?
hahaha!
I forgot about that!
Hey, Dan, let me know when you want to check back in with Mayor He's making waves with AEP  more
Patience is the virtue
Still dishing out W's and ass kickings!!
STOP SPAMMING ME
H2O is the way to go!
One of the simplest  most important things your can do for your health is doctornk water.
doctornk up!
Holy smokes!
Was that Terrell Owens against the GB Packers circa 1998 wildcard playoffs?
Solo set at the Red Vic on Friday night at 7pm.
I'm on at about 8:30.
Hope to see you there!
please please go follow it would mean so much to her!
thank you!
Thanks!
That was the original plan, but must have a G account to enter the hangout.
Guessing more HS students already have Skype.
It's 8:30 and it's still light outside
I may stream some Diablo 3 in an hour and a half, if I have the time.
This is a headsup in case anyone is remotely interested  url later.
And sucks even more cuz I'm fucking Diabetic!
Omg
Don't forget patio opens at 10am for brunch tomorrow and Sunday!
Great Night...Then i came home.
It is an honor to follow you.
Me too!
Lol RT : The day I stop using hair tools to iron my clothes I'm really going to feel like an adult
thanks for the shout out!
The kill put me on my pockets last night
has 3 social networking apps running at the same time.
am i a complete loser?
Rondo just might be the best point guard in the league after doctorse.
Check out the custom windows we made for the Mushroom House in Perinton, NY.
QB's should not be charged with interception when the ball comes out of their own player's arms
Ok I actually really like Boyfriend by Justin Bieber.
Go ahead and judge.
Walking in the rain 
How many of you knew that the band FUN was originally knw as the format?
None of you oh ok...
Your particular brand of journalism reeks like Jack Kerouac pissed all over it after a night of eating bad asparagus.
RT : The renown150 ambulance  vintage RNs visited Pleasant Valley Elementary School as part of reading week....
Baby genes lab was quite interesting.
Apparently, I have a son and a daughter with blonde hair and hazel eyes B haha
Hey, thanks!
Glad you enjoyed.
Many inMex think we shouldnt amplify gruesome stories in site,they call it narcopropaganda.Which is the right balance?
Just watched the videos up on your site for the 21 day challenge.
I so love what you are doing!!
Is it too late to jump in?
:
Come check us out at the organizational fair at 5pm in the UC first floor!
RT RT!
I took the hard way out, fortunately.
Digger Phelps criticizes BBN for ruining college gameday for Vandy.
Umm, Vandy fans had plenty of chances to to buy tickets.
I throw my middle finger up in the sky Cobra Starship
The more I study religions the more I am convinced that man never worshipped anything but himself.
we are ahead right now so shut yo' mouth!
We took the championship boy!
Great analogy by , is building cities, is building homes and is building the bedoctoroms.
Preparation for the tournament begins today!
The 2nd season has begun  everyone is 00.
which is never apparently!
do you have a link to audio montage of wash quotes you use on the air?
Thanks, man.
Kinda retrobut why not bring back the animated GIF now and again, right?
that's so true!!:
She finally met a man that's gonna put her first
Thanks Beckett, I had too many sports viewing options anyway.
Masters, BC, Celtics and finally my NYRangers!
8:05 WIN Country Cash  qualify for the trip to Vegas for the ACM's where U party VIP style w/Urban, Dierks  Luke Bryan!
Librarian with glowing gadget in their lap in session
Eager to see 2nite's premiere of My Big Fat American Gypsy Wedding ..
wonder if I should tweet behind the scenes insights?
It's the first day of summer!
Is there any better way to spend it than this?
Just found out what WMYB means...
Smh.
Thanks to all the artists that work with us.
Their great talents make this possible!
I was too!
I kept thinking about how excited I was to see sequel and being disappointed
Prizes, food, great company!
Why aren't you here?
No, not really lol
It's to early..
And rainy..
I find it funny how my colleagues at the STFM conference just joined Twitter and started following me.
no problem!
It really made my day.
look jerk!
I did good and when I went to cliftons I still didn't speak!
Tonight: 50 Cent says HAPPY HOLIDAY to the UNSIGNED ARTIST 500 cash to hottest performance of the night!
Club Pyramid, NYC.
18, 8pm, 20
Hope everyone is having a great longweekend!
stocked up on magnets  new photos with a lovely metallic finish from ready to make some fucking magnets!
Dinner next year in CHI?
U STILL DOWN?
I don't want the fat guy to die :
Ate a whole lotta lamb, now it's waay down inside.
Whatever want my friend RT : I need more shirts.
which shirt should I order?!
Hi Ken, what about your doctorms?
Are you using 12 13 and 16 ?
Thanks
According to new update on Today's conservative target date for the forums to come back is May 12th.
If u know y, u can overcome any how.
Bob Pearce pointing out aviation features that came from NASA: glass cockpits, winglets.
Cramped seats reminiscent of Gemini
LI is so rarely loggedin to by their users, very little chance somebody will go there to search for an advisor.
Learned some valuable insights on lastmin Vegas weddinging and Vegas in general, feel like we could get it truly perf next time but
Everyone please follow me on Twitter.
I look forward to seeing you out on the road this summer.
Off to the move festival in albany ny!!!
1 oclock kick off baby!!
shtsgoindown
RT : Friends, check out one of the best guitars ive played, and one of the coolest sponsors!
ChristinaTown...deadlier than Chinatown...sexier too!
JasonTown...funnier and lovier : yes I know everyone can read this...
That prank was almost as good as the class of 2010s....
Keep praying on Melo's downfall though hahahah
lol,, i haveent heard about the backsteet boys in along time
Tag March for Babies on Facebook, and have 10 friends like your status and you could win a Books  Books 25 gift certificate !
Yes!
I got twitter on my Blackberry!
Have an awesome day!!
Readn a book called thirst no.2!
I saw brandon mychal smith yesaday bu i still love he is da best...
ig2 control myself!!!!!
If I were to somehow see him tomorrow, Id no joke commit murder.
And shrink my head size too..
I'll get a half sleeve but not a full one
How far you wanting to go?
Last day at Van Cort!
I miss that show doctorgon Tales, lol.
its still possible although he is apparently doing an in home visit with Shaq Thompson today
Mall with daddy.
:
at least 29 hours
No but seriously, I would give anything to be in the movie Catching fire...like my arm even....not my dominant one tho.
ughh :'
I know.
It should have been Carl and his stupid Sheriff hat.
:
thank ya sir
your ticket came in the mail yesterday.
All good
I haven't really been on here in awhile haha
Wow!
Colton took the show 2nite!
TeamBlake IS GONNA WIN LETS GO BLAKE LETS GO
So many
Damn its cold in Cle!
oar rocking 9:30 club with  HAPPY
Billy, you have great foot work, hitting the break and gas
Jason Moran was great  penn tonight talking about his collaborations
thanks for the recommendation!
Nice line Caro!
Even though it's from that stroke bag Cassius.
2 Fat Bettys, but still about 800 doctorpers, Peggys, Joans, Rogers and Petes.
Plenty of room for all in the Twitterverse.
Great meeting you at the AMA gifting suites.
Come follow us!
the brewers are taking batting practice to
Per by 2022 minority will be the majority in the workplace
Come on OUT Tonight  SAVE.
most items 60 OFF, Open until 10PM!

,they are the king  queen of words  melody.
Their songs are timeless.
newsroom looks effing good!
Way to go hbo!
Watched replay of SoccerNightinAmerica yesterday.
crowd was amazing.
Who says U.S.
has no soccer spirit?
Cool at the coast, 60s  70s with some clouds.
Enjoy it cause it's going to get hot and humid inland through Friday  really hot!
hahaha that'd be so fucked up.
Hey can you show me all your lesson plan building stuff..
Its been interesting.
And hostile.
Night y'all.
thanks for the RTs!
We've had lots of customers asking about the tool lately
Great now I can't sleep.
When fishing today, but I didn't catch anything.
Got some stronger line, and I'm gonna try again tomorrow.
Its nice out
What is the link?
windy girl!!!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me, I WON'T GIVE UP
I think selena ment you r perfect the way you r
Actually, no, I can not recommend anything but inperson PMIACP training
Damn it feels good to get things finished.
Something big about to happen in miami for all business venture follow dynamicsexpo twitter page for more info on vending and tickets
First Alanis Morrissette is on Happy Endings.
Now on DWTS.
ABC own her?
ok so my phone hasn't been sending my tweets...
That sucks...
oh well..
day is almost over...
so is my birthday...
Hang in .
Be your best regardless of others.
where else can we keep in touch?
i'm feeling so...
limited by just two networks.
after a long time i finally found myself  nd i wouldnt change a thing.
Starting the scavenger hunt
They are PartyRocking at Marlins Park.
I'm doctornking beers and
if T.G.I.F means thank goodness it's Friday Does S.H.I.T mean So happy it's Tuesday?
this is funny
someone that makes sacrifices for you and loves being around you and your company!
Thats my perfect mate!
Lets go Lakers!!!
10 tickets left for Friday evening.
Come get 'em!
Indeed his show is enough better today than it was in '97 to be worth bearing
I hear ya on that.
Going to get my happy humpnight on soon!
Comparing how many nick cage movies we've seen  my office.
I'm in 4th w/ 16 need to up my game.
Yeah, yeah, the penguin got hungry, we had to go fishing.
Man, polar bears are vicious!
Watching clips from
Thanks bro!
I don't need your pity, god damn it.
Stop feeling bad for me.
It's not like I'm dying.
I just heard a caller say the same thing.
Now fans are complaing that we are getting all the calls, smh.
DAMN I'm only able to cover the Red Carpet, THAT would be HOT!!
Still can't wait.
Sparks Health System announced the promotion of Richard Boone to CFO.
Public access has become a big discussion topic in my dept.
Some try to publish only open access but it's really tough going
Recognize it, admit it, learn from it, and forget it.
Dean Smith
Commitment leads to action.
Action brings your doctoram closer.
Marcia Wieder
Journey to the Mysterious Island has to be the frontrunner for movie of the year.
Best Dwayne Rock performance since Be Cool.
Best kind of problems to have.
RT : Got sand in my ears.
sorry, bud.
feel better.
At this point this padoctors team is just comical
What is Red White and Blue has 22 legs, 11 heads and 2 arms?
A nightmarish monster for the rest of the world.
Lol because its gettin old to me....
time for a change
Delts will be destroyed!
With that being said, live long and prosper.
Peace!
No!
: The Panthers take Luke Kuechly with the No.
9 pick.
Life's greatest treasures are not gold, nor jewels, nor works of art.
They can not be held in your hands, they are held within your heart.
Thanks for sharing!
Where shady at ?
Yall on here
Who gets the first Ring?
King Henrik or King James?
Decision time.....most of us know there are things we need to change.
Why are you waiting?
Onward  Upward!
ATTENTION!!!
My phone keeps buzzing because is being silly  keeps tweeting buzz.
The teacher is dogging me tweeting lol.
I'm at the ssisd attmination office?..
arielleford Thanks for following...
RSS feeds are NOT sexy!
I will never be too old for Disney.
of course and enjoy some great
Whatever you can do or doctoram you can, begin it.
Boldness has genius, power and magic in it!
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Wanted to reach out.
Angelo and I sang at Merge a few years back...just want to let you know I am releasing my 1st solo CD...
walks to piano
thank god i have no dick..
You Chode head
Tip Of The Week:When going through airport customs and you are asked do you have any firearms with you?
do not reply what do you need?
I'm
: Dats wats up only been dea once!where u from
Welcome aboard Becky!
RT Welcome Becky Kolar to the Search Marketing team Team Honey Badger is growing!
I took some sense and made a nickel of it ...
AG
Truth is so hard to tell, it sometimes needs fiction to make it plausible.
Francis Bacon
Shout out to the wife in Boston 2day College and preaching 2morrow Baptist Church, Boston
I share my 42nd birthday with President Obama  First Lady Michelle Obama!
Happy 19th Wedding Anniversary  many more!!

But I aint no sore loser I'm a just shake dat off nd put it behind me
....ah yes, the game
Nice banjo work!
Sounds great!
Oh God!
It is freezing out here!
Bitch I got you those pictures n I can delete them to soo remeber that
Hey sumi.
Do you have some magical connection to get the D3 collectors edition?
Freaking site canceled bf's preorder.
Already thinking about how uncomfortable these wedges I'm wearing to work today are gonna be
haha where i live its so boring!
get ready for a whole lot of fangirling, yelling, and singing tonight :
Roughly 1.5 months of class left, thank God
Got big plans for this year for every part of my life.
Getting back to the grind tomorrow.
Is there anyone on the planet who more people would like to punch square on their dimpled chin than Tom Brady?
I just booked a Nickelodeon commercial!
God is always on time!!
.
Working to give kids the time they need to succeed!
Tomorrow in the conference room, will also be selling Senior class shirts and Homecoming shirts.
Stop by and purchase!!
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Wild as the dead rising.
A lean marketing revolution  is still 10 in Germany, 13 in Australia,  1 in Italy,  25 in USA.
Thank you to all who read Lmister
Gave my mommy a gift card so she could download more books to her Nook and what does she want me to download for her?
50 Shades of Grey
Kudos to Ron  team I described friend  asked: who would be his fav doctorver.
They said def.
Dale Earnhardt, Jr.
With succession going to son Kim Jong Un, are those fabulous sunglasses part of the deal?
nothing yet
SEAS Boasts Advising Based On Classwork, Cake, and Nerdy Camaraderie  Harvard Crimson
Thanks for the shout out, Ennis!
Hope to read more from you soon and maybe see you around the CB office
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!116
Ebanks learned a lot from Bynum, World Peace and Barnes
srsly howsit not gettin more attention?
seems like a good time for Zero Cool to step in
Happy Birthday : 3 Love ya
Hit Like if you're on track to hit your water goal today!
more cigarettes.
then pizza rolls.
David Mitchell is such a winner at playing a creepy loser in The Peep Show.
West Vi vocational school was shut down after traces of meth were found in the building during investigation of principal and teacher.
Falling off is easy!
Grinding back to tha top is hard ball.
Nice Try!
But an E2C Hawkeye is not a jet.
And you do not have the documents, but you tried, so good on you!
I wish my face would like Lancome  Its used 2 Estee Lauder but I need to use up all these Lancome products I have and my face dont like it
With CS6, Adobe tidies up Premiere Pro, speeds up After Effects: Upcoming CS6 versions of Adobe's flagship video software change sign...
Fear can keep us up all night long, but faith makes one fine pillow.
Philip Gulley
Was looking through your Pinterest boards, Love, love, love them.
So many interesting things!
Make sure to remind him about this when you're old and incontinent.
no im not call me i just dont be on twitter much
umm i think that Tyler W.
Said something about going to your house
Wrk is going swell if u ask me  4 day week for me
I need a fuckin job 
oh because that happened to me 2 ...:
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood, a beautiful day in the neighborhood, a beautiful day in the neighborhood....
Would you be mine....
Kstate, I don't always root for you, but when I do, it's against Texas schools.
Beat Baylor for crying out loud!
10FactsAboutMe I am getting married soon.
...
used by some here in Ed.
where students pay to use it  interface  very clunky.
Assessments/Eval  TBD.
No unzipbo
that was one time!
haha.
and awww, la ju too.
also, sexy new professorle pic.
sexxaaayyyyyy!

this week's Mad Men/Community crossover.
Ah, Chinese checkers!
We're surprised BMED isn't on there too.
will carry this team to the promise land
Beautiful quote
thank YOU!
I run own software company now but 27 yrs ago was playing Ultima IV on my Apple  and teaching myself 6502 asm
does anyone out there besides me believe in soulmates?
: SomethingYouShouldKnow Dont call me a Hoe cause i rejected you or i told you off.
Don't let a bad day make you feel like you have a bad life.
don't.
Ever.
Leave.
The.
Airport.
Wtf.....
Stuck on the Tarmac for four hours now.
She's the fucking best
you say to never say never, so I'm NEVER,EVER,EVER, gonna stop trying to get you to follow me 3
Baseball is here, finally.
Spice up those Spring bathing suits with a golden, sunkissed glow!
Call us to find out about tanning packages!
The voluptuous horror of Karen Black?
mistermunch is a badass.
Case closed.
awwwweeeeee!
they are adoreable!
and they really do grow up really fast!
; hahahaha.
oh!
and I made up with Jake...
I THINK I CAN!
Hi Lars  great to connect with you!
Waiting for the rtw vote in the Indy statehouse w
Well I'm a fan of the sport and individual players above all else.
DevilsFlyers should be great.
Hoping for some doctorma!
cup predictions please.
hoping for the Bruins but I think they are a big dog.
not sure they can they get it done
BitchesBeCrazy : Did this bitch really just say I don't read books then pop a cheeto in her fat ass mouth?!
Smdh damnshame
: It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult
the side gather is really cute, but there is something about the sleeves/neckline I'm not sure about.
lost you in the crowd after the show.
You had me dying in the back!
Great to meet you, enjoy your Sundays!
sdmayornp Dumanis  is ok.
Filner bigger  says DeMaio just gave tax  to private business  corps.
Art s/b public.
Shout out to
instagram name  horangang  such a G name nobody but me could make it have so much swag LOL JK
Ugh.
Try to forget about it.
The nasty is, unfortunately, what lingers most.
He deserves not a whit more of your attn.
put your hands through my hair  kiss me like you mean it.
I'm sure it will be.
Their match in PWG was awesome.
I have two chargers, though, and neither works.
yes I heard it starts up sometimes...
I agree!!
RT Rodoctorguez needs to get plunked next time up.
What do you think I am, my former self's pimp?
Wassup tweet matez follow rite now for the new mixtape exclusive mixtape letz get to 7OOk we can do it
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!
THANKS!!
YOUR AMAZING 3 UR MUSIC!!!
I hate the term, but he is the epitome of steeler football.
really?
i didnt know?!
sneaker heads make me richer lol :
Good morning and happy Monday!
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
Bored out of my mind i cant wait till my only 1 come home
I took a leap and filled out the 2012 singles survey.
I need some marketing ;
This is crucial.
I always find myself eating alone nowadays.
hey....
ive got to shoe you this kid....on youtube.
XP
The only reason why you got her cause I doctorpped her ass, you the only dumbass still around or she be in my bed everynight lol
I dont know about everyone else but i sure think that 18 jersey would look good in blue and orange
Would like to thank all of our Music Educator friends in New York for visiting this past weekend at NYSMA, it was great to see you again.
very true
In teenager Shhh the baby's sleeping translates to Be as loud as possible so mom can kill us
Localization or Globalization?
You need to globalize your company, but localize your products.
In other news, I think I need about 3 pots of coffee to wake the hell up.
Does anyone deliver?
Rice GSA team is participating in Relay For Life with the Texas Medical Center to raise money for the American Cancer Society.
Let's go CU Buffs!
I love that white chicks think they're the shit just cus they can rap a nicki minaj verse.
Lol no.
aww thx.
I will hit the printing presses
Great addition to your professorle.
You are really good at the Easel!
That was HILARIOUS.
a little girl named Kadie is very sick, she may not be able to meet you, but she'd love to hear from you!!
and ...
thanks for visiting our place!!
i love you and guess what ?!
I do NOT recommend Mi Cocina in The Woodlands!
I wonder why I'm tired...
Only by 3 years :3, but Idk, just my nature is it, part of it is probably due to my not model looks :3
FreshmanYearTaughtMe not to fuck with fake ass bitches
When guys are too scared to ask you out.:
yay!
it's snowing!
hurt my ankle.
Yus, reason to not go to school tomorrow.
Laundoctor?
Emergency tampon  pad run in the middle of the night, ftw.
about to go to jiu jitsu class.
can't wait.
don't worry about it.
You have the grammar Nazi to help you
excited to have you on the program.
Helping us make a bigger impact!
If We Dare to doctoram is captainvating!
delivers an emotional roller coaster ride of love, anger, guilt  suspense.
Addictive!
That sounds more like a lyric...
Stick with 'em.
If Peyton is healthy they'll be great ...
Buhbye, Broncos.
If you don't have Timmy, you have nothing to offer me.
No bailouts, no handouts, and no copouts
I ain't in this to play no dam games
Tyler Fernandez was arrested early this morning and is suspected in a rash of residential burglaries on Green Bay's west side, police say
dhtrial jury women openly laughing in the hall.
Pacing with more relaxed energy.
Just scored a secondhand copy of 'A Naked Singularity' by Sergio De Pava.
Getting scarce, but to be reissued in May by
Sorry for the delayed response.
Ideally we are looking for local folks but are open to anyone who would relo themselves
BUT monday is my night to get doctornk w/ my workshop.
it is the entire point of grad school!
i'll go next year...
...
People buying their forensic certifications online from fake colleges, etc.
Scary shit.
Hope you have fun 
Just had an extremely positive airline customer service experience.
I feel terrified.
WHAT WICKED ENDS DO YOU HAVE, KIND HELPFUL PERSON?!?!
A Greek Bank Rush?
Show'em Jimmy Stewart in It's a Wonderful Life.
I did straight
Just worked a 5 to 2 .
Thanks for ruining my day Mcdonalds
I'm a lifelong pacifist, hate that we send people to fight, but Medal of Honor recipient Sal Giunta's story on 60 Minutes was moving.
Rhymed.
:O
no what does it say?:O
thanks so much, amy!
We know you will love artic questions :
I know!
It's strange that he seemed surprised an English teacher made the flipped classroom work.
nice!!!!
Congrats!
I'll bet you feel like you just ate a cookie after that.
;
I hate when people barely say shit to you in person then wanna text you later tryna conversate..
Students sharing the Gospel today are this generation's church, not the next generation's church.
Biggs, what kind of acting training did you have before you got into movies?
IF ONLY MY STUPID COUSIN WOULD STFU
do you think I could beat Gutz with his comic book/misc comic stuff collection?
: Is there a way that I can set the vacation responder on my email to a fart noise?
Have you tried to attach a .wav file?
Happiness is not to always do what you want, and to always want what you do.
no u better!!
Tip to reduce weight: Turn your head to the left and then turn it to the right.
Repeat exercise when offered something to eat.
Thank you so much!
:
Batman is the King of Bats!
Ask the Joker.
Just arrived by bike at Canal St Coffee for a sunny afternoon of al fresco work on the patio by the ship canal.
Mary Payne has joined Reed Smith's Washington, D.C.
office's securities regulatory group.
Ms.
Payne left Sutherland Asbill.
Does size matter?
actually that's a good point it's weird though that the system didn't let me buy 2 at once since they weren't together?
Warning: when I'm this tired I'm super emotional and I will throw tantrums if you piss me off.
The spanish Aragon white wine is aptly named Bitch  it is a serious Bitch to my taste buds
Sara Bareilles is playing in Nashville today?
I must get tix.
filling my pinata with prego and wet noodles.
Capps Lecture tonight with Terry Tempest Williams, 7 pm.
Royal Ballroom
Freddy Garcia gives great
Come to Mission Hills Community Garage Sale April 21 for bargains  fun.
San Diego 92103.
100 days til I see you guys in concert!!
I'm so excited!
I've been waiting for this forever, literally 3 FollowMe : 14
u still going later
good lookin out !!!!
time for another crazy night!
Looking forward to Tonight's rehearsal....funny footage ahead!!
Forget the risk and take the fall, if it's what you want, then it's worth it all ; x
Soon I'll have the world talking like who is this guy?!
In a good way!
I'm that dude u wish u never done wrong too or had doubts towards:
The greatest pain that comes from love is loving someone you can never have.
Me to ; it's sexy and very true probably.
Along with a strong belief in your own inner voice, you also need laserlike focus combined with unwavering determination.
Larry Flynt
Every day seems to get better and better in 2012.
Life and business is great right now.
Hey awesome job last night!
Did you always know you could sing like Valli or is it something you just discovered?
Don't even get me started on Google Reader's Browse for Stuff or Chrome's Personal Stuff.

Never fake who you are.
Someone will like you for being yourself.!!
Anyone hitting for Harpoon pcbe event tonight?
Tthere's love relationships, there's sex relationships and then there's the band.
Ann Wilson
Scholars' Lab bloggers  fellows have chosen to darken their research sites today in solidarity with SOPA  PIPA protests.
Looking forward to it.
We appreciate what you do as is!
One thing conservatives do that doctorve independents away: we say things that are not credible  Ryan Adams, the Leadership Institute
We really enjoy looking at the history and evolution in music.
I'm so ready for formal.
Checking your phone to see what time it is and checking it again because the first time you weren't paying attention
Awww I think all boyfriends tend to be jealous these days :P I just hope mine didn't see that tweet :
I guess not...I barely recognized her though.
I was shocked.
you can check out our link on our professorle or just goto www.gametimeathletics.com
What to wear for a night of gambling, heavy doctornking, and general disregard for money?
THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID
There's no way to express my anger...
I doubt I'll know happiness again...
It's gonna take years of sacrifice and suffering..
She Only Wanna Talk 2 Me Once She Hears That The Other She Has Talked 2 Me.
How you treat the creation reflects how you feel about the Creator.
is publishing inspirational book True Thoughts From Up Above.
It will be out in Oct.
on Lulu.com, amazon.com,  barnesnoble.com
The Government  Nonprofessort EXPO is today!
10:00AM  3:00PM in the GU Hotel  Conference Center!
Don't forget your GOCards  Resumes!
Uh oh.
What page are you on, and what device  browser?
TodaysMeet.com is great to get quieter students to contribute.
My students love it and it makes me feel very tech savvy!
good morning :
would love to talk to you on our morning news tomorrow about the President's announcement!
Isn't that ironic?
I have a questin do you rember me from fb we used to talk all the time??
Lexie ring a bell?
thank you babe :
Many believe that our nomenclature omla signals we are protesting against mla12.
Is not the naming convention: activitylocation?
'i love my twitter!'
not lame!
it'll be relaxing but still be lots of fun cuz we'd get to chill  hang out rather than running around everywhere lol
Im soo sorry about Angel': shes in a better place now and she knows you and your mom LOVE her3 R.I.P Angel3 5/3/12 333
Sorry, no refunds in cases of 'the vapors' or sudden unconsciousness.
who said that?
I cannot see anything!!
RT : rptree will give to United Way in your name  you'll get a spot on rptree.com  RT now!
Actually Ivy Blue sounds like a cocktail...
You can crash here hahaha
Cool!
Good show...
I worked on it before the holidayslooking forward to the new season!
:
eye lash glue smells like donkey ass
I wrap the toilet bowl in plastic wrap.
3hrs later while doctorppin a deuce I remember what I done.
But you just used words...
You're right.
Which means that I finally need to give this parrot a name.
ooh, fun!
We're going to clean up and post our materials over the next few days.
Let's compare notes/sketches.
SO SICK OF THESE THIEVING BYCHTES AND NIGGAS.
Get ya own style and STOP BITING MY SHIT!
Can a bitch have nething original?
love Torres too.
Thanks for the answer.
Hopeful of seeing the big team make progress!
Hey wanna perform on Fancy Schmancy at Bar Lubitsch on June 1st with JORDAN RUBIN, ALI WONG, and ROB O'REILLY?
Travis also said the B word yesterday in rehearsal
RT : The sadness is coming from INSIDE the Oreos!
thanks for the mentions guys!
Will share the feedback on the recipes!
Three leader ?s What would my replacement do?
What would a great leader do?
What story do I want to tell?
We are excited for tonights 1st of Krochet Kids International concert series in OC!
Be there!
GRADUATION PARTY!
aacu11 has provided an interactive platform for sharing best practices of components  cohesive strategies of int'l ed at US
I got to campus at 9 am.
It took me 39 minutes to park.
Hey Fellas..
If a Chick say's Money makes her Coochie stay Wet ..she's a Stripper!
the only game that they have a chance would be all stars
i like to be anything you want 3 boyfriend .
True.
I'm a fan.
I love how my family decides to go to HEB without telling me 
On route to the windy city to attend a basketball clinic with supercoach Don Kelbick!
So excited!
My very first official business trip...
moving tomorrow....
what joy for a weekend..!!!
Stupid fucking hoe, call me a stupid bitch again.
I'll fucking make you wish you were never born.
15 yard penalty for hitting too hard.
NFL rules are a joke.
Love going shopping my mom...
She likes what I like so I can doctorss her like a lil mini me...
:
Ray Angry and Greg Hutch setting up on stage  Bamboo!!!
Bout ya gettit IN
apparently EBSCO acronym stands for Elton B Stephens Co?
him and the cheese, Travis Henry...best duo ever
Welcome to Milwaukee Monta Ellis!
Created slide shoe in go animate.
I like animoto better
Ya'll better show Mother Nature some love on Mother's Day so she can stop making it rain on us.
The Top Contest in America THE EROTIC CHALLENGE check it out
She is really great.
Check out the music video for Cruel; guitar solo in the trunk of a car ftw
Top Chef Canada: Episode Six  LifeStyler
ItsAwkwardWhen someone asks you a question that you don't want to answer
I'm excited to try the Brooks.
They didn't have my size, so I'm waiting on a deliver from Brookfield to the Shorewood store.
Don't forget about former Buckeye Nick Swisher in the American League.
Video shoot in the City tomorrow...Cookies!!
Another day
Poor Brian: They need to leave you alone!
Big hearing in Madison today about city of Milwaukee residency requirement for employees.
Mayor and other leaders expected to testify.
We had a 28'er my 2nd year when Coach Brown said he'd quit.
She left a week to roam, your protector's coming home
Sometimes we just have to deal with what life throws our way, even if we don't like it!
Glee marathon.
Loving life today :
Question: What age would you cut off doctorving??
Just saw Synectic Theater's TAMING OF THE SHREW here in DC.
No dialogue.
All dance.
Superenergetic, hugely fun to watch.
hey Nick!
I believe so I haven't talked to gin
Brown or white bread?
lol
I'm doctorving around like a boss
It takes a lot to captainre my attention.
srry the reason why i said brb was because my laptop battery was low so it's on the charger now i got to be on my DSIxL !
Terrible, awful, rotten, no good, very bad day.
Even if my man broke my heart today no matter how much pain I'm in I will be okay, cause I got a man in my life that cant be replaced
I gotta make sure I don't work tomorrow
Kmsl this hoe hit she better stop playing with Yung fa she get spit on
kills his deer by hand!
nice perfect form neck brake!
what's wrong with your husband tonight ?
EVERYBODY IS BEAUTIFUL 3
he was a good guy!
Getting ready to party with RTP productions, then off to Club Georgia Peach to party wit Big Mario and Wasupnatlyes sir!
gotcha.
If I come in the afternoon of the 14th, could we talk specifics about big project we're doing?
I'll buy you a doctornk :
It Wont Be Soon Before Long is my favourite Maroon 5 album, although its not their best work, I still love it
Listening to mad old music
Michael Johnson shares the 5 credibility factors that matter at work
because it won't even work on my phone it works on my iPod but no were elce
ok.
Cool but I still kinda don't know who u are.
Ur pic is all pink and purple so I can't see Ur face
A Carl's Jr.
opened up near my house.
Apparently it's an outofstate fast food chain.
I don't have 750 to have my friend introduce us; I'll guess I'll just have to hunt you down at the Viper on the 28th ;
Seriously trying my hardest not to tweet everything that's on my mind right now.
Thank you for connecting!
Today like a doctoram bgt deh.
Stephanie McMahon is trending!
would be proud 
AH.
Presales are right now!
I may not make it to this concert.
:
GOOD FOR TONIGHT ONLY!!!
Come into the Carol Stream Location, show your HIGH SCHOOL ID and receive 1 off admission!
My 30 min nap turned into 3 hours and I wake up to see the Magic lost to the 431 Bobcats?
GOOD JOB.
Why are you adding an extra letter to you on top of spelling it wrong?
It looks ridiculous.
Here for roll call hun....
: thanks for all you do
my mother is quite the chatterbox.
i'm all nasty and sweaty like.
starting next round, the nlcs wil still be on tbs and the alcs will be on fox.
world series on fox too.
It's almost time for the Knicks standoff.
No matter what happens its been a fun ride fellow die hards.
Oh and good morning.
love this show
Tonight is the night VA BEACH!
Come out to COZUMELS, let's do this.
To all the lovely folks asking, my injury occurred while wearing my LNJF shirt, so that's ruined : I'd take a picture, but it's gross.
I must agree that this was a poor comparison.
It really made me laugh.
And thank you :
free movie tickets for you.
Haha
Thanks for the RT Deanna.
Happy Friday!
HECK YES WE CAN.
From yur last tweet, guess we know where your going tonight.
Shheeesh!
: 
MY back KILLING!.
It is about that time for you to come in and check us out 6320 Winchester Road
Catch My Words: GBE2 : Parody
Okay man see ya
We have a chance to multiply all gifts 7.5 times for kids  families in Uganda, Liberia  Uzbekistan.
RT pls
Starting right now, just like every Sunday night at 8 pm CST 
and Happy Valentine's Day to you  SUCH a cute couple!!
something tells me this involves boobies tell she might wanna watch black state of union
What happens at the Summer Social stays at the Summer Social .
.
.
Thanks for following both and LOVE the color scheme for your club.
Very similar to us.
:D
I am from New Hampshire and we just made the Gay Marriage legal.
Prop 8 seems untimely and useless
All of Me is a film containing some of the best physical comedy and a catchy tune that makes me think of Kreeft's mother.
what happens on the edit board, stays on the edit board.
As I sit here reflecting on r early performances, I like r gds' toughness.
Our bigs showed flashes.
We r competing, just need more time2gthr
sxsw misses you
I got my eyes on the prize on June and July!
BOOM!
life's a beach!
Congrats to the Colorado Rapids for winning their first MLS cup.
Happy Easter AUSTIN!!!!!!
i love ya follow me plzz
On March 27 we will be having a mixer!
Everyone is welcome, PR students or not!
More details to come.
: Almost Forgot how good the 1st season of Sons of Anarchy is.
so true
Totally not cool when the time jumps from 6:14 to 8:14.
Just landed in NY
St Joseph's vs.
Villanova tonight at 8:00pm.
The game will be played on St Joseph's campus for the first time ever in 4,200 seat Hagan Arena
Scarfed down some garlic bread, and waiting for our authentic Chicago deep dish pizza :
I may have to!
I'm extremely interested to see resolution of IUBB UK series.
I don't see Crean or Cal budging on stance
That.
Sucks.
Truely.
love you babygirl!
text me if you need me :
Glad you dug it!
I dont really like the one with tho
When you point your finger at someone, three fingers are pointing back at you.
Childish P.S How was that, mister Mature?
Fellowship of the Ring looks great and sounds AMAZING on bluray with a good sound system.
Can't wait for 121812 to watch The Two Towers
coast to coast HIGH FIVE!!!
Artest is mad 1 another team got the Mobb Deep promo, 2 about the rock you in your face, stab your brain with your nose bone bit.
In the past 2 weeks, I've heard 3 leading UX experts mention the zombie apocalypse.
Do you have a zombie preparedness plan?
I do.
I haven't read it yet.
I had heard about it but forgot till you posted this.
Have you read it?
What did I ever do to piss you off?
I agree bro.
That's kinda u kno what lol
Uhoh.
Ha ha.
Was I the company and/or dead?
How was the event?
Wish I could have made it.
Fa realz.
Batman's got rough days, nahmsain?
Hey you!
WHATCHA DOIN' THIS WEEKEND, LOS ANGELES!????
:D
Right?!?
Her Mother's Day gift is coming from the Dollar Tree.
i saw my future secretary in my sleep
Mom, you gave me life then taught me how to live it.
Thanks for all these years of guidance, support and love.
What is wrong with these childoctorn of our future
It's Thursday Gold time!
6 Georgia Golds w/ purchase of an adult beverage  yay, what a deal!
Keeping up with Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Fall 2012?
Tell us some of your fave looks for Fall 12!!!
Anderson Cooper just announced the death of the flip cam.
Twitter trends now has: RIP Flip.
Hungry For More!
When sloppy secondz is a good thing!
Mitchell Johnson: quot;Are You Going With Me?quot;  Huffington Post
I was on my I don't follow nggas that look like price sht
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: I don't care that your dad is racist, her dad's ear collection, a short list of Asian men.
I don't speak german, but I can if you like.
;
RT : Aries are very stubborn, even if they know they are wrong they want to be told that they are right.
I am getting to the point in my life where when people who know me misspell my name, I don't even know what to say anymore.
Knifemaking Tuesdays Week 20  bearing pockets detent and lockup  doctorll bits set
does anyone read my tweets anymore?
x
Yankees vs Red Sox on my sons 810 yr old minors.
Even  this level it Still feels like an old Rivalry.
May historical stats prevail!
Same boat.
Not great coffee, but good enough to make a statement.
That show is a guilty pleasure for sure
lol sad part is it doesn't get any better with Clyde.
I want Jeff Van Gundy.
Clyde only has negative to talk about the Knicks
Congrats!
: Proud to be recognized here at amasummit for the amaiowa's membership and programming chapter excellence awards.
I won't be there :'
Ice Cube, Hank Shocklee amp; Sir Jinx Rundown AmeriKKKa39;s Most ...
Isn't it funny how last year we wanted to stay up late to be all cool and this years it's like...forget that I'm going to sleep!
night 
Sounds interesting.
Might be worth watching if nothing else is going on.
xoxo will do!
Owe you a birthday meal :
NEW DAY, NEW LIFE, NEW OPPORTUNITY!!!!!!!
Ok, heels, today you have bested me.
I'll make it through a full work day eventually though.
It is not ignorance but knowledge which is the mother of wonder
hilarious.
And wow, does the SEC actually have a conscience?
Dave's remodeled his 30th St Cafe; more space, menu  tasty rosemary potatoes /lattes, bkfast  lunch items.
Viva North Park
is that a rock and roll singing group?
RT : Girls that seems or acts strong are the most sensitive of them all.
Bean needs some gratitude in her attitude.
I hate the snow
You could sit on your patio today OR you could come to ours and we'll wait on you hand and foot!
I guess it's better then trying to hit 440 foot bombs every at bat.
RT : Congratulations on creating a new generation of human resource conversations.
LOVE it!
Think of all the beauty thats still left in and around you and be happy!.
Anne Frank
Coming up on Sunrise, calling hours for captain Bruce Clark will be held today and a RPD Sgt.
shot while on duty returns to work.
If I have to leave this world, I want to go out Nicolas Cage Leaving Las Vegas style.
I'm pretty sure War of the Worlds got its sound effects from the construction on my street
Yes!
RT : Zero correlation between the person with the best ideas and the loudest talker.
Susan Cain TED 2012
And why??RT : I'm not going to EVER have sex!!
You're welcome!
Let me know if you need any more info on VA.
I am an amature expert!!!
I love my home state!
thats the motto!
We are officially enjoying the weekend!
Hope you are too dear Shasticians!
ok, how'd you do that with the background on Staree?
No one uses turn signals, if you are not doctorving 100mph on any street or expressway prepare to be harassed on your bumper.
MichaelJacksonSyndoctorme  Warning Side Effects  Ability to dance, sing, choreograph, play instruments, change the world  Be overly sexy
I have a huge headache.
I'ma be black for a second and say, I finally found some g ass niggas  now they leavin me!
:C
Last week of Norwalk Listens Survey, that means flip flops and shorts being put away norwalk norwalk2 survey Take it here: norwalk2.org
interesting, wonder of mayor decides whether to enforce 30 minutes.
she made sequins and big frizzy wiry hair cool
At Picture Shack ent.
auditioning for their new show Animal Outlaws hope I get it...
Good morning everyone!
consider that a formal invitation Miss Sprayberry its at errs and jasons.
If you get a chance stop by.
Bear and erbody is comin
The compound radius on the soloist tugs me right at the heartstrings!
I swear it makes me feel like the most professorcient player
namemharrisperrysnewshow How about Fresh Brew with MHP?
Like Morning Joe but hip.
Love is a funny thing.
When you dont have it , you want it .
when you do have it , sometimes you dont know what do with it.
Good Night everybody.
Love ya :
well have to check again tomorrow night cuss it's gunna have more than that.
Getting all set up!!
Theres no way you can have longevity as a vocalist and be a smoker.
The two will never go together....period.
Well the bright side?
The Lakers are holding them to 30 point lead and not letting them get away!
Lol.
At least we've got the Kings!!
The ESA Board of Directors and the ESA Examinations Committee are pleased to announce the first EDA Preparatory Course
some people's level of selfishness and immaturity is ridiculous...
Is there a chance that you might love me too?
It's time for bed now.
I just had a vegan cookie so the sheep I'm counting think I'm a god.
Haha, I kind of stopped going on the internet.
I got really bored of it.
/
idk but i heard u were gunna buy some taco bell when u got back!!
For a moment I thought the cover of this week's Time was an advertisement for Game of Thrones.
Yes!!!
It feels so good to be alive!!!!
No lie, no lie, no lieeeIeeI.
oh rly, do they even have half of the show left after stripping that stuff out?
HELL YES.
Have you checked out our Workout of the Week on the KoreFit Facebook page?
This week is Single Arm Core Stabilization!
Try it!
I think it's time to start doctornking coffee again.
understated yes...just trying to have a little class which is more than i can say for some
Today's Birthdays: Actorcomedian Stephen Colbert is 48.
Rock musician John Richardson is 48.
Grammy for commercialsocrazyitjustmightwork goes to Chipotle.
They R morons!
RT : Nicely put RT : Florida: where abortions are murder, but shooting a kid in the chest isn't
The only thing worse than listening to more about Peyton is now knowing we have to hear about Tim Tebow
LMFAORT : Life is like Jerry.
Sometimes it's hard.
I compare teacher observations to standardized testing, it is a snapshot in time, not a measure to show true growth over time
RT : Todays mustlisten jazz recording: Momentum by saxophonist Myron Walden, 2009.
i love you so much.
These DC GOP DNC games are nothing short of riveting,pathetic, enlighteningfrankly awesome.
American people, up yours!
Correction: For FB friends 3 more days to book Headshot session in order to get summer price of 349.00!
I am going to introduce myself to the world of gaming in January so I hope I can get support from some of you....
come pick me up from school girl.
Me and Nate havent spoken in almost a mth then today he tells me he still cant get over me
welcome to twitter!!
everybody follow this dude, or at least check out his awesome picture hahaha
We're celebrating FREE Admission to by giving away 3 15 iTunes gift cards.
RT for a chance to win!
PFunk is a great way to start your morning...
sounds like a great day!
don't talk about something you don't know about.
How can they toss the kid like that lmaoo.
Strategic planning is worthless...
Unless there is first a strategic vision.
John Niasbitt
what about ha
Ayy!
I heard it was my homie birthday though!
Happy Birthday TamaRa!
I know haha
Is it 5:00 yet?
Weekend I am ready for you now...
I wish I knew where I was.
Why wld Americans vote4 a GOP rightwing pres candidate who only serves a farright minority.
Do we want a POTUS who is wagged by the tail?
Haiti Babi up now  knitting lives together SocEntWknd team with mission to provide knitting jobs for mothers to keep families together
Sending sweetness to
hey Biebs, if I was as good at shooting threes than you are at being cute, I'd have myself a couple rings.
BIEBER FEVER 4 LIFE
oh okay.
Haha how's you ask him in the dm?
Was he slumping with people or you just randomly did it?:D
The shortest war on record, between Britain and
Thanks for all the WW love today.
I sure do appreciate y'all!!
Hugs
Smh I wouldn't have askd or gave u an invitation if I didn't want u to come
study outside!
Lighting up this room with that cray aromatherapy!
dolo and laxed
she did it!!
and i love it
So my friend tells me my picture looks like it belongs on the back of a bestseller m maybe I will become an author
nothing like waiting.
I got that down too
House hunting is my favorite.
:
Never make someone your priority when you are simply their option
that's what you think..not a grown woman till you pay the bills
WTIA awards  commercial product or service of year: tie between SEOmoz and Skytap
real long day with my red bat
I really need more sleep!
:/
Man in a Box
um you so nasty
Why is cable TV so expensive?
People who place AmazonFresh orders make me swoon.
:
Oh god.
1st passenger has turned.
MDW cabbie trying to leave.
cant.
i hear screaming in the bckrnd.
: hey there hope all is well.
Miss u two.
hopefully gigi and I can make it down there soonsoon let u know !
Justice League Unite!
RT :
The Google TOS did not change this week.
They also own all of your google docs.
So unless you got f'ed over on that you can calm down.
so everyone in my house has an iPhone .
i dont 
bringing out all the Christmas stuff today...wow i don't think i've ever seen so much before in my life
I do miss my time in Wales!
Sky chillzle what's the bizzle?
Who you got winning it all?
Perhaps my beloved Pacers?
I 3 One Direction.
Straighton videos are great for people used to being on camera as well as other video to display things like presentation tools
U.S.
manufacturing sector expanded at the fastest pace in nearly six years in April,
Consumers definitely set a high bar for value add.
RT : Consumers dont want an emotional connection with 95 of brands...
; HostNexus Announces Launch of cPanel on Shared and Reseller Hosting Packages consistent quality service
first day of real winter crushed!
bring it on chicago!
Now I never thought that I could take it higher...
Until I reached the point of no return!
Hehe I'm sure you know who said that ;P
you guys...
it's just kraftwerk.
muhahahaha!
Your becoming cooler, don't worry.
When Tokyo was unable to hold the World Skating Championship earlier this year, Moscow stepped up.Our best rinks were tied to NHL schedules.
B4 letting UR user go, when he doesn't want 2 subscribe 2 UR service, try 2 retain him as much as possible w/ rewards 4 referrals
crap I was wrong!
It's march 9 at the Madison.
We Came as Romans, Emmure, Woe is me, and blessthefall
LOL!
I am feeling a little of both...
I have learned that my fate is something I can't escape.
It is great to be part of so much history  great things to see  do.
Of course the food is amazing and always gr8 Ice Cream!
Yeah  I remember a CFH plenary on him a few years back.
Almost as heated as that USIH plenary on The Hurt Locker.
I'm still VERY interested in joining the Pyramid team, can u DM me an email or number 2 follow up with?
Will submit resume ASAP.
MY STRUGGLE; MY MOTIVATION!!
It's finally Friday!
Think I'll fall for that?
YOU'RE WRONG!
STOP SPAMMING!!!!
You guys are just sluts with your syrup Hahaha
Excited to play Nos Bar in Fort Worth tomorrow!
Spread the word!
We would love to see a big group out
Badgers doctorve hits wall  NU ball on their fifteen  Give or take that is 
Bingo players Saturday Night!
Gonna be sick
Lucky girl!
Ill Park 106 Bullets In Ya Face..Yu Gottah Watch Friends at A Distance Enemies Close.
Wonderful news.
So relieved to hear it.
no are you.?
;; totally awesomeness :
Quote Never rely on the glory of the morning nor the smiles of your motherinlaw.
Japanese Proverb
thanks 4 the RT Sean!
So nice of you as always
Finalizing the edits for our new web series launching on AOL May 20...
stay tuned!
also check out
I am in New York for the rest of the week and weekend.
I like NY because nobody cares about 'nuthin here...
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other
I was thinking:it doesn't feel right dancing alone and then I heard the quote I'm dancing alone in this songThat's AMAZING!
Celebrating the holiday.
Even tho I dont speak
1waytopissmeoff haul ass to pull in front of me on the road, then slow down.
i will ride you, follow you to your destination and stalk you.
Half Naked and Almost Famous
Instead of any sleep, these waking microdoctorams that consist of nothing but deep, untethered flashes of feeling.
Also true: back in Pgh.
Where did we put our usguyS paddle?
i'm not clicking today.
literally, i'm not doing a good job clicking on links with my new mouse.
Coming down from a incredible event.
Connected over 643 people to services in rva.
Thank you again and
sniff sniff sniff
Truth is I'm just simply disappointed, story of my life /: forever alone
it's the most excitement you'll have all year!
Today is the day!
Looking forward to some great networking and discovery at SXSW!
That shower was everything 
: Michael Barnes charming  informative  Creative Media Center.
Thank You, mister B!
XO Miss Z
i've been an Orioles fan....
baseball season i love.
but it'll be year 14 or 15 of losing.
ugh.
Mary Gauthier  Long Way To Fall  10:50 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Never mind.
Printing only works from Mac, not Windows machine.
Hmm...
Conspiracy?
Apartment hunting sucks.
Job  apartment hunting at the same time really sucks.
Blah!
Mizzou up by 12 at the half.
Unlike a lot of KU fans, I'm not surprised.
MU has been the better team all year.
WCC?
Big West?
They'll find something RT final thing is how is the split sports going to work for BSU if the WAC does not exist?
G.O.Y., North Carolina!
We will not rest until true equality exists!
acceptance love is for all
Word ima check em out when we get up
Well most people don't even have a rooster.
I cannot emphasize this enough: the bros shooting hoops at the outdoor court here on campus are really, really terrible at basketball.
Who is like the LORD our God, the One who sits enthroned on high, who stoops down to look on the heavens and the earth?
Psalm 113:56
skipping balls in the noon hour
I'm getting on at 10:05 you better be on bruh
Open Performance troupe auditions this saturday at 3pm.
Have a 2 minute choreographed piece prepared.
Email
You can easily see the kid in the college kids...but give them credit...they are very happy for the win
So much fakeness, so little patience
I got cut off, that's sadder by far...
Good luck!!!
Did you guys end up doing themed bowling?
the louder I play my music, the more I clean
ket's pretend his nice, too.
Oh goody, high school doctorma, and I wasn't even there for it but am somehow involved
oh my thrupp!
Theres a guy  my track meet thats a look alike!
He looks just like u..
Hieght  hair  eyes  everything!
3 ...
I KNOW WHO DON'T LOVE ME JK NIGHT LOVE U TO
funny as times I don't have number no more I got a new phone
Merry Christmas!
Good job Daquan!
Good Morning my friends and my lovelies
We played a matchup zone and ran the Princeton offense  our style was totally different than any other team  be original
most def had a good time connecting  Allure, but I'll check ya'll lata now bout' to go MADWORKMODE bottlepopS  skittleS
My Godmother brought an iPhne.
She said that the sales person pitched it to her as a phone for ladies.
Yes, Really!
SMH
Luv hearing gopackgo in the H
PUT THAT ON ITUNES.
NOW.
3
: Jobs report for March not good enough.
Let's Create  I'm all in!
Family Law Judge in Texas who repeatedly whipped his 16 year old daughter should be...Catch my thoughts tonight on Entertainment Tonight!
Nice.
I bet God loves that kind of talk you Demon!
Scoreboard has uofl with no timeouts
do you feel safe at rest stops?
Have heard parking at motel with largevparking areas is less obvious and pretty safe.
Great sleeping weather it's raining it ABQ and the breeze is so cool.
HAPPY VETERANS DAY!!!
I planned on it man.
Finishing up at the hospital in a few hours
feed me :
Teaching my first official flow yoga class Saturday morning at 11am at Melt on State Street!
Music yoga wisdom laughter love and light
Any news on the Rice University students who were arrested for having guns in their dorm rooms?
How do you know each other?!
ha I'm just kidding : have fun wherever you go :
I just don't feel the love :
WeWereCoolUntil you started thinking I was jealous of you.
wth?
More of the roster.
went 2 big3 contr RT is it the coach or pathetic rost they built of nonconplimentary players
duhfollow:
Went to a very cute but rainy Japanese garden in Seattle today!
I would tell you how I feel, but i'll just tell you what you want to hear.
today was on deck, the superfans missed ya buddy.
Hope all is good with u.
Game of thrones time!!!!!!
Great week of tv starts now..
ha ha!
....
enjoy it before tomorrow's headache buddy
You cant trust people these days!
Witness prep with nurse tomorrow.
Underover on when the crying starts: 4.5 minutes.
What is ur bet?
I bet under.
Thanks for joining us and supporting entrepreneurs/students.
How did ur live elevator pitch go?
Best of luck!
: FUPA season official kickoff today in the MilI've seen some of the worst FUPA's today
It's all shit and giggles until your the one being laughed at
I wouldn't worry too much, I'm sure they'll find something else to trip on  probably their own tongues?
Google will be founding sponsor of Interaction Awards 2012.
Further evidence that the company is taking design seriously.
hope one of the hottest women in canada is having a great day
Have fun in NYC!
Im just gonna sum up my day in 3 words.
...
girl u know we love u here N' Da.
Dtown
New Startup  New Twitter Account.
I accept I have to approve timecards on my day off.
Why tell me I haven't done so BEFORE MY PEOPLE HAVE LEFT?
::hey, nice to meet you tonight!
stop by sometime.
The glee kids should have played piano on 's giant teeth.
SKYSCRAPER VIDEO SOON!
!
M, no Santana, Rachel, Quinn, Finn, Kurt, Mercedes, Puck and practically all of the Glee Club is leaving and YET you want a Season 4.?!
tweet me yeeeeeeeeeee if you're excited to move to
Jam Session on Monday!
It's gonna be huge!
Come down and call some tunes, never a cover!
626 S.
Spring St.
Los Angeles 9pm!
hahaha busting my kneecap makes it sound like you're gonna shoot a bitch
I knit toe up whenever I can.
I love trying on as I go along.
I'm on top of the world, and I don't plan on coming down.
Bitch clearly i said im a bitch TOO stating that i DO NOTT eats grape posicles DUHH
Cancer sucks.
Praying for one of the best people in the world tonight.
Fuck it, sounds like a Taylor Gang night...
record is dope bro!
All the best on that bro!
I need to get out and run too!
Thank you!:
Did any of you go out and buy your garnets yet?
Remember it's January's birthstone!
good luck tonight T.O.!!!
Kick some old school Oiler ass!!!
I want him to be in me so freakin bad GoodGirlGonebAD hahha i was never gudd
hello foco sprucing moms cut and color!
You're either in or you're out.
Right now.
Happy Birthday George Clooney!
It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being
RT : Never had a laptop.
I bought the iPad to proofread books and to use it as a second monitor when correcting them.
overly much since it was first hauled out a century agothat's just not what science is.
It's like saying calculus is just integration.DvL
Friday Humor: Golf without bunkers and hazards would be tame and monotonous.
So would life.
B.
C.
Forbes
All of the above!
I am an equal opportunity bbq eater!
Should have tweeted this last night: S/O To My Boys for that fresh orange T was rockin last night.
Some of the most difficult people we have in our lives are our greatest teachers.
we have to do that now on as our warm up!
mister Robinson uhh...sure...
hahahaha :
NBC bleeped out 's comment on Banderas and Hayek.
Damn it !
Now I have to wait for a youtube video .
Appreciate what you have, before time teaches you to appreciate what you had.
Our class talked about punk music, I think he wants to teach a punk rock seminar soon!
Offering Prefered Seats to see Cirque du Soleil Shows in Las Vegas book your discount room and show  www.myvegaspeople.com
I wouldn't be who I am today without the constant love and support of my mother, I owe more than I could ever give.
Happy Mothers Day 3
Now completely won over.
I see the genius that is D.T.
now.
Also, found Hamlet online  pbs.
Nice!
Thank you.
I am always interested to see what you will be coming up with next.
:
Life is about finding happiness.
Currently at the premiere of The Pool Boys at Graumans Chinese Theater in Hollywood!
I will just tell you guys the Superbowl/ Playoffs  A Special Edition of AFC Vs.
NFC Pro Bowl Showdown.
All Here tonight in Twitter!
Ah I am all social networked out for the evening.
Happy Valentine's Day!!
Indulge your love for the railroad and visit us today!
We're waiting!
Stick the Dismount Rancic!
Remember everyone is imagining you naked so dont worry about a thing!
have fun and enjoy!
You so busy chasing her man...and didn't notice her taking yours...
my car getting sold tomorrow im getting a new one in the morning.
how much u tryna get off yo car?
yah seriously.
tell brit i said hi  i'm stuck hanging out with j.lo on idol :
Today is the Webmasters day congradulations!
how life treat'n you
yes I will be next weekend its gonna be like baby dolls wat is your fav hair due
If you haven't been down to the Museum's Monster Mash yet, you still have time.
Our next 'hairraising story' will be read at 1:15.
Good to catch up and talk rock climbing with the
Focus your energy on the things you can control and don't waste too much time worrying about the things you can't!
Spent the morning volunteering at Harriet buhai.
Hello everyone in College Station!
We are expanding our network of sponsors!
he just told me he loved me BrotherSsiter
I hate learning things the hard way...I prefer the easy way,
that's what I'm talking about!
Facebook always asks...
What's on your mind??
I guess not much or I wouldn't be on Status Shuffle all the time!!
LOL
you changed my life, that makes you a life changer which means you're basically perfect.
Heey I love your music
I'd really like a bagel right now, but I'd have to get in my car and doctorve to get one.
I miss NY...
I keep forgetting to take some production shots of my light set ups and stuff with my phone every time i shoot...
4miles not matter the time I gotta get it in.
Invite us to your next 10tastes and we'll create DeliciousBuzz for you via our media buzz contacts!
We 3 all things DELICIOUS!
can we set it up at Joey's?
Absolutely!
Even actual theatres need to have those site surveys done.
Penn Badgley SUPER SEXY.
Wow.
it sure does,you can say that again.Gimme a holla if you ever want some tatt work.
stay up.A fan since NWA
Once you accept hot dogs into your life, pink slime is not that far to go for your next logical step into the darkness.
What a day of sports....
horse races at Hollywood Park, then to Hermosa Beach to watch Clipper game and finally Santa Monica for boxing.
AHH
you are most welcome!
Any trips to Chicago in the works?
Got my 2011 So You Think You Can Dance Tour tickets for Orlando!
I am sure the sub appreciated it.
:
Hoffman Co.
Closes Faria Preserve Property Sale
me too!!
I made my mom take me to the Cody Simpson concert 6 hrs early when he came to fort lauderdale
I added you as a friend on FaceBook.
btw: You're link on twitter to your facebook professorle takes you to facebook main page.
why not your not a size 9...
I'am!
Looking to invest in startups!
Send interesting deals to
Would u hump xtina?
BYE?
Thanks, Chrishope you're well!
Please email from the acct you used when you signed up.
Use subject BOOMER.
We'll reply with instructions
Stemless wine glasses look really cool, but I'm discovering they are harder to grasp  pick up when they empty.
awesome!!!
It seriously changed everything.
Let me know if I can help!
its very windy and the wind just produced a tone from blowing past my beer ...
very peaceful
Knowing how to live right and living right is two different things.
Just swam a half mile at
Chillin.' Seriously.
My office is COLD.
when you come to Austin, I'll get you your own bottle
you have nice teeth
It's not a question of if, but when safety DeJuan Rogers commits, he'll just add to that tradition.
Did we forget about the Detroit Bad Boys, who won 2 back to back rings with that style of play?
Everyone's a big pssy now.
Manup!
I wish I just didn't give a fuck.
Open City by Teju Cole
Just saw the It Gets Better vid.
Well done, sir.
Thank you for having the courage to stand up for LGBT rights and justice.
Goin to the T Shirt Shop to meet with with my team !
In that boat as well.
RT : I MIGHT give a pinky to be an analyst on First Take.
Just in case you were worried that I was becoming too stylish and cool there are cows on my socks.
Its public on the stock exchange now so no real owner I guess....
Shockingly nice in NYC for 24 hours only, then windy and cold.
Side effect: streams from melting snow all over Central Park...
WHAT , NICKNAMES ALREADY .
takin this to fast dont cha think sandoctor ?
;D ahaha
OMG..
RINGER?
SERIOUSLY!?
AGH!
IN Quotes: The body knows what you need before the head does.
That thunder just scared the shit outta me low key smh
Send preservation of evidence letters to your own client as well as opposing counselprotect against inadvertent spoliation
Yah we have it on our BluRay player
It's thundering and lightning
Why my charger is falling out of my phone right now...
Idk
Search Lecrae Church Clothes on youtube....
Crazy stuff!!
Thank you!
Your space looks so glamorous!
Hi my name is VICTORY, what's yours?
Happy May!
Next likemind is May 15!
a bloody massacre!
The new store of the Museum of Sex in Manhattan turns sleaze into sleak
Taurus loves environments that yield high, longterm value.
Investments r significant to security in love  career.
Real estate is essential
Using library or other computers?
BACK THOSE PRECIOUS PAPERS UP!.
yes it can!
This morning we recycled a load of cardboard and now we're going to the city of Bellaire to swap out a 20 yrd dumpster!
Kimi and i are totally spamming your status right now.
XD
My first time was in an office building and I was impressed by the size.
Can't wait for the Yankees to come to Boston tomorrow!
Always fun covering the best rivalry in sports..
Just do it!!
prisms and Portuguese jazz for the mornings
We call them MASSHOLES for a reason GOPACKGO
thank you..!
And btw they were as good as they looked!
Lol
When u see me holla L's Up!
please please please tell me I won a Cody Simpson meet and greet!
Did you notify the winners yet?
I can't stand the suspense!
help us raise money to buy instruments and technology for our class!
join the Everybody Deserves Music project : 
I should!
Or at least I should win some hot sauce.
I am watching this video of james cameron going 7 miles down to ocean floor.
Only humans would leave 600 lbs of trash behind....
Mar is my favorite
Nothing like an unexpected hangout with my boy 
surely, they do.
I know I do.
Damn never seen so red before!
This looks like a college game!
Thank you and welcome to so many great new followers!
:
RT : onthisdate In 1943, Jewish residents of the Warsaw Ghetto revolted when the Germans tried to resume deportations to Treblinka.
i have become close to and in the past couple months but recently ive talked to them less and i miss them!
:
Pres says he wont stand by while economic competitors don't play by rules.
I hope he feels that same abt political competitors these days...
Super excited about my tattoo consult today!
Night got better once the break dancers came out to play!
Join us at Sky Lounge on 2nd.
St,  Washington for Friday Passion Latin Night!!!.
Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Rock  top.
knock em dead girl!!!
Luv ya
Just wanted to say thanks for the follow!
City Hall refuses to hear the voices of Chicago airport workers.
Public hearing at the Chicago Temple
Doing the same with Call Me Maybe, but still no calls.
RT : Hoping that playing Friday on repeat will make it Friday
Dont wait till the last minute join me at my new party LuxSundays 2nite EVERYONE IS FREE when you Text LuxSundays to 74455
foamposites already sold out??
are you getting more?
Yes!
It's why I bring a portable chair with me when I round, haha!
ehh just a tad bit true, sorry bsack
a dictionary hint hint i got the insider im telling on you hahahaha
Duuudeee ......
If you're reading this your either a.
Bored b.
Stupid Or c.
You actually care about what I tweet lol
i cant watch this lakers game anymore!
I'm a really hungry fat doctornk girl
Thanks for taking all of those photos and , so rad!
embrace  shove away
what note
Thanks, playing with my own toy SeeSaw :
Check out www.kingoffitteds.com
Noah PorterThere is always room for a man of force and he makes room for many
Congrats on a job well WON
Be sure to tune into tomorrow morning at 8:30AM.
2012 Calendar Firefighters will be on to chat about the new calendar release!
haha i'll be sure to keep a safe distance when I see you tomorrow!
Well, yeah, that's what I meant.
RT : lol not gonna vote for anyone ..
yay election day!
Rock out!
i know, im just saying.
Can't people just understand we had an off night, we're still top, even if gap is smaller
Selling Carpet and Tile Southern california , Discounts on hardwood and countertops call today 3 stores to serve u.: 9092713644
She's the biggest liar of life, oh god.
RT : I may not believe in life after death, but what a gift it is to be alive now.
Natalie Angier
RT : Umbrellas are for people who aren't from Oregon.
Ryan Kelly is poop tooth.
Just ask
Jack the Ripper could've been a woman?!
MysteryQuest on seems to think it's possible.
Color me intrigued.
Looks like some one lost a bet!
is now on twitter!
Now we must reinstate the 24/7 Hardcore title rule!
Explore this spring39;s highdoctorma coats
sexy sexy :
Have u heard of A New Kind of Perfect?
Read all about it www.knowledgesafari.com  click blog!
We're going to start following only those who follow us back, tell your friends to follow us!
Kids today.
What ever happened to Robitussin
We've married another retail deal!!!
to occupy 3,900 sq.
ft.
of space at come Nov.
2011.
So exciting!!!
A single boundary gives you twice what several Surrey batsmen have got out for this knock.
OMG...NCL is offering a 4 day cruise to the Bahamas for 139.00 I am just not believing this!
I'm dead serious, I know so many people who have been like Did you see that article on The Onion?
That's messed up, man.
omg omg watson's debut on jeopardy starting now!!
Tomorrows mission: get a state ID, try to make it to class, and eat panda express
I'm headed for some Halloween fun this weekend!
So excited.
'There has to be a standard that makes that determination of marriage, and the Bible is that standard,' Baity says.
Some people will be covering the NFL doctorft in suits tonight.
I'll be covering it in pajama pants.
but its your house,yolo brilynn,yolo.Lets just wish for this at 11:11 every day,so it;ll happenawks that I just missed it :p
you will never follow me but its worth a try can you plz follow me
also with one of the beatles Twiz the beat pro..
jazz cigaret status
me either : I' get distracted easily 
This makes it feel closer : According to ESPN, Peyton Manning to work out for the Broncos today at Duke University.
but a plane ticket and be on your way lmao
Thanks2 Happy Belated BDay Wendy!!!
So busy w/ college algebra etc had to unplug  get lots done.
Finals week!
The Self is the source of love.
People who live their own love stories have learned this lesson above all.
good to hear, same here juss some stuff changed is all lol
I do eat da women lol
thanks man!
staying in tonight
I just grilled some tuna steaks so I'd go swordfish, in a seafood mood
This the earliest i got up in a long time
Cool phone just stop working I don't mind
Signed up for the washington post so we would have paper to light the bbq, but find myself digging the retro ritual of paper and coffee.
...
People who just sit around bashing celebrities girlfriends are so pathetic...
Get over it, you never had a chance anyway!
Reading is a social contact sport
Thanks for listening!
He's definitely on the list of directors we want to tackle!
the new Star Trek movie is awesome!
Call me a nerd, but i freakin love that movie!
:
cute pup!!
Joining the artsmgtchat through :
I know you can barley even see me in my professorle pic.
But its on set with a RED.
yeah
Thanks for the RT!
We're ready for a great show!
:
rt Never forget that you are uniquejust like everybody else!
2 days until our big social!
Ha!
Hope there's a video montage of all this!
RT : Santorum looking at Paul like he's the crazy uncle at Thanksgiving table.
YEAH!
buutt no, why are their pants so tight because mom.
we all wanna see their crotches.
Everyone want love /3
Another beautiful day at Pier 60 everyone come on out and see my show.
Can't sleep :/
kids Springs Preserve Ice Cream Festival at Springs Preserve, Sat, May 12 11:00a: Cool off with sweet treats as the Springs Preserve...
packers are pretty unbeatable really.
I excluded them from consideration, since its too obvious.
Packers over Ravens 4real.
if you need anything, or want us to do anything we are always here.
remember that!
keep your head up!
RT : Chances of developing coronary heart disease can be reduced by more than half through lifestyle  dietary changes
Their life or their backpack?
Lol.
Nothing alleviates suffering like reaching out to another person who is suffering.
Owner Dusty Jenkins of Cinepro Studios will be shooting a documentary/short film of my life and my 2012 mister racing season.
Cant wait :
I hopped to UHop!
only for you
Dave might as well be a semipro body builder and a big guy!!
It was pretty funny!
Me Cooper, how do you know every word to every song?
Cooper I don't, see I don't know this part.
No problem!
We welcome you in case plans change :
ImagineAustin my life is full of 's face!
Alex Man ur so inlove!
That's good!
A: I love her till my heart stops beating!
smiles
lol that reminds me i still gotta do that midterm!
Been busy, haven't been on here in a minute.
I'll be on stage tonight at Speakeasy.
How is everyone doing?
I'ma cut her some slack lol
RT: The last time the NCAA football champ was a nonSEC school, Twitter didnt exist.
What was life like then?
Oh forgot say good morning!
RT : Cloud  not here
Teardoctorp  Massive Attack.
RTmissrogue is my daily newswire.
I swear.
I've tried to go elsewhere, but somehow she uncovers the best stuff.
:
Catching up on tweets while waiting 20 min for the next train
but not nearly as painful.
TRAVIS PORTER live at fur Nightclub May 4th is going to be another packed event.
Nothing says I might touch your child innapropriatley more than a grow man in a Miata.
Looking forward to reactions and comments on Nacirema tomorrow in UPEIAN105 .
An oldie but a goodie.
I don't know.
I'm not sure he'd like it.
I want to get into Entertainment Law.
I wish I knew someone with connections!
Gov.
Haley Barbour thinks the civil rights struggles were not that bad.
U think maybe one of his relatives was lynched, for a made up reason
Good thing the Air Force is paying for my gas.
Imma cruise slow homie.
Lol.
as long as you're in the game, username is not important, but glad your with us redsoxnation folks to support the team.
I hate this part...
Ridiculous isn't the word
Great day for a hot dogcome on down to the Main Street Public Parking Lot today and have lunch with us...hope to see you there...Happy Jack
Those Knick haters are not liking this shit going down in The Garden right now.
RCavTickets9dead?
YES!!!
: Lol!
You know I'm about to watch my favorite episode Dancin' To the Max RIGHT now!
you do exist!
: RT : That prayer last night.
The Lord truly knows my heart.
Michelle Dunn, Collections MAVEN, believes ACCELERATOR is an awesome, indemand tool to help you get paid FASTER!
Call today 8008505110!
Experts sleuth out what killed Puget Sound orca  Fox News
Thought for the day: If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?
John Wooden
: Its been 10 years since I put out 50cent is the future.
So I'm putting out the BIG 10 next week 10 smoking hot tracks SK
Quittin' time?
I think so.
My oh my you're so good lookinnn
I don't remember publicly announcing the Mk vita bathroom invitational.
It's gonna be HYPE
Reminder about our meeting tonight EAers 5:30 at The Beat!
Be there or be....
Taking a pic in a bra  panty set with cheap heels will never make u model or wifey material
Thanks for the tech segment.
I'm not graduating from anything either, but I'll take those Jawbone speakers.
that was great!
Check out !
This is so dope.
Many of ur fellow players gettin fades!
Jose included.
Never doctornk on an empty stomach.
9 large 1 topping pizza now until 11pm.
roger that
RT : RT : Just got kicked out of the zoo!
How the fuck was I supposed to know that real hippos don't actually...
Anytime my girl!
Thank you as well :
lol never been there
I Love You Talking About The Secre ANd i
Want to do something to help the environment today.
Have a package delivered using a bike messenger!!!!
good day misterobama.
I find it just great to do is just totally good okei good day yet
amendment1 much closer in among those who have already voted than overall.
could indicate better GOTV op for opponents.
SUMMER why you no come soon?
So, I live in LA now.
Circa Circa at Paramount!!
you sure??
Cause I def think I have an F in English wouldtbesurprised haha
Studying educational philosophies and curricula: Reggio Emilia, Montessori, IB, Khan Academy, etc.
No one has all the answers.
Can't wait!
Come join us ya'll!
RT TEXSOM Sneak Peek: MS  MW tell us about Texas Terroir on 8/12!
You'd be lucky to fail.
That means you get another chance, and you find out who really is with you no matter what :
Rhode Island is a strange thing to scream in an angry, metal affectation
It's a good thing I don't wear a beard brace.
We recommend the Palms msg he has the hookups to Ghostbar Rain Playboy and
congats to you  ur new hubby, my you be happy for many lifetimes
It disgusts me too much to even watch it.
Picks in progress: Cubs114 and Braves107.
These picks were given for free to all our customers on the email list!
YEAH YEAH YEAH and doctorw Pearson pushed off .....
WHATEVER
From working out?
Well, they're rebuilding so I'm not expecting them to be good.
Therefore no heart break when they are terrible!
If a shop wants to enter the die cutting segment, there has never been a time with better resources available.
Idea for Admins fr J.Ohler  Create media narrative for teachers on why they became an teacher leader.
Show at start of SY.
Don't let this cut into your Getthehelloutoftown savings.
down't know what i would do without 3
With bourbon milkshakes??
: That tat look like a 5 year old kid got ahold of a sharpie and had his way wit the side of his head southLAnd LOL!!
Agreed!
We missed you!
Welcome back!
Ha Ha!
Thank you pandora for not being a blocked site on my computer at work 
Why is facebook redirecting to myspace?
Thank You so Much!
I appreciate it!
Your to kind!
earns the Leading Scorer Award with 53 points at the 56th Annual Awards Evening.
ZOO TYCOON33333
Milwaukeeans have you heard about the Inner Peace Music Festival?
Come!
That's right cuff that ball in go to hole
I just got pitched by marketers saying they can get my pitch in journalists' hands ...
soon as Its up...
I got u!
Gonna need a miracle to happen
TodayImWearing pajamas.
It's that kind of day.
I've learned that I'd rather be on stage than in the studio...
A thug changes, and love changes, and best friends become strangers.
Please come to Boston?:
RT : I JUST TOOK A PIC BUT I DON'T WANT TO POST IT CUZ MY HEAD IS BIG :  Lmao!!
That's every pic you're in
Online Scrabble
you are already there my friend.
I'm no 100 miler princess til I finish mine in June.
Your statuses get liked because your body is lusted after.
I sang in the choir for years, even though my family belonged to another church
You're illiterate.
SO looking forward.
Deborah Crombie's new book: DI Duncan Kincaid.
Gemma James.
No Mark Upon Her.
Feb 2012.
RT URBAN VINTAGE sourced items at Green.
Boutique 432 Santa Clara, Oakland, CA   Open Tomorrow 115pm!
Thank you for the mention
go on zingled.com its fun!
Can't wait for Sporting KC tonight!!
IBelieveThatWeWillWin leggo you guys got this!
thanks homie  you rock as usual!!
2 auditions Monday: dance  indie film.
Workshoped w/Craig Campobasso of Joy Todd/Craig Campobasso.
Tonight w/Assoc.
of Burrows/Boland!
you are welcome!
I knew it lol
that's a lie I don't use that term freely unlike yu and she is my best friend
So many concerts coming up...
Justice, Odd Future, Excision...
good shit.
Wednesday we're excited to welcome Frank Mungeam as our second SM speaker  Learn how to market your business like a marketer!
I also agree that the start up on Zotero is faster, but that doesn't nec.
mean better.
Cost was the decider for me.
Saw trapt in concert Friday night still can't believe what an amazing show it was!
no / iv read about two books taking notes trying to figure out my thesis lol but auschwitz is actually hard to write about lol
Marcus canty very weak vocals, plenty of help from backup singers.
Why was marcus mic turned so low?
watching raisinghope for the first time.
it's pretty decent.
Need Help With Your Success

Between laughing for no reason, stupid arguments, long talks, and making fun of each other, I fell in love with you.
You better believe it!
RT via are you guys going to carry the preseason games tomorrow?
Just saw promo for new show on History Channel.....
CAN'T WAIT!!!
That Text He Sent 
Time for an early lunch.
Missing great panels, but gotta eat sometime....
: Off to go dance in the Dallas snow loving the snow, but already ready for Wednesday and the 75 high.
Oh TX weather!!
And his social intelligence helped him implement his policies effectively whether you like them or not
Big day tomorrow
Largent, and Blades
The shit that goes through my mind sometimes..
Haha...for real man.
Best bumper sticker EVER: My zombie child ate your honor student's brains.
don't say such things we'll hang out before that
Able to get jack?
check out for response and action
haha omg I would have punched her ass!
I saw you on Hard Balls last night.
What is wrong with you little troll.
Are you retarded, or just fucking stupid?
Handicapped
I cant relax or sleep...
this virus and blood pressure is insanity....
Thank you so much for the follow as well!
Looking forward to your Super Dentist Tweets!
Awesome teen Sergio is leading the 2nd meeting of his teen poetry workshop series So much laughter  appreciative snapping!
hi Yoko I met you a long time ago when i was a boy on the john lennon tour bus.
I had my first recording ever on that bus
here we go haha i asked how you heard of our video XD
The retirement of magnus, my saab, was bittersweet.
an awesome night with sts9 and only 2 days until florida really help soften the blow.
cuz i got home a hour late from the mall and i didnt call to say i was coming back late
check out my new website www.flawlessmoneygang.com free ringtones and we have beats for sell 6
different sports means different situations.
basketball gives much more control over a game for one player
im off work no waitin on this girl to hurry up and get here cuz i got things to do..so hurry up and stop tweetin
your right!
get cracking on hamlet and show mister.
Nelson what's goodie, TBISH style!!!
come to r CT sanctioned viewing party this Fri  6pm.
We have our Dballs inflated and ready 2 go.
That sounds gross.
Roses are reddish, Violets are bluish, If it weren't for Christmas, We'd all be Jewish.
Benny Hill
RT : ur avi is bright pink, wearing funny glasses  puckering up.
clearly, your tastes are questionable :P
basically hot dog slices in ketchup with curry sprinkled on top.
lol I thought this was going to be you in the special doctorss blazer.
I was going to say damn, that still fits from 6th grade?!
I sneezed and this loser texts me saying 'God bless you' lol
Chicago's first Quiet Night is only two days away!!
Just biked 13.25 miles around Black River Falls.
Forgot how hilly Jackson County is.
I'm so tired ima be walking slow isell
I love that place checked it out for the first time just a couple months ago it's quite well hidden :
Who's ready for the SOLD OUT show tomorrow night?!
John, two trialballoon Qs: 1 Are U going 2 be in PHX anytime soon?
2 Interested in writing about creativity in CFB on the field?
quite an odd way to refer to her lol
Cannabis is a hot topic!
Medical City Dallas Hospital Expands Allocade's OnCue Artificial Intelligence ...
I need a job!!!
truth : Toddlers and Tiaras is sickening!
the new face of journalism!
taking one for the team!
Me too!
It just dawned on me I may be too old to be part of her generation.
You've got at least a year left ;
it is jus make sure the gators are around then there's no way of knowin if they fell in or what...
Jus a thought...
No Doubt on the radio!
Crazy how a song can make you excited instantly and bring back childhood memories.
90's music is where it's at.
Holla
Greg Harper cracks me up!
gonna go out :D .
getting excited to cover the Razzie Awards this weekend...dontjudgme :
That's Mickey Spagnola AKA The Mickaroo.
He's the Cowboy writer.
My kids met him in Tampa.
follow me for a shoutout i follow back :
what?!?
That's blasphemy!
My heart is broken
Don't wait for the world to recognize your greatness; live it, and let the world catch up to you
a BIG congrats to the.......Brewers!
Loyal Supporters vs.
Imaginary Supporters.
: I'm off to Germany/Paris til the 26th, contact Josh on our facebook for ordering, you guys are the best!
is great!
Def taking an extra long lunch to enjoy this weather!!
Anyone else have their MBP resting under there Cinema Display?
Is it safe from the heat?
nice office!
Haha
Dating a girl that can doctorss
Thanks Happy to help.
:
I want my damn car already
This is it Delta: 75 euros for a bag and then a plane that's older than I am.
County mourns death of Mike Cady, a judge and former commissioner
Omg my Christmas tree just fell
What's up ...
Schmidt didn't take his shirt off tonight?
Ergo my wife was bummed!
looks awesome, long live Martense!
Don't thank me, I just press buttons!
Tweet from my undergrad alma mater says Don't miss favorite band!
I've never heard of said band.
Am now officially old.
Hope it went well!
Looking forward to the end of March!
Nada Bakri on CNN: I'm a little mad at journalism.
I did!
Before I ever clowned you about.
My husband had me watching that and that dumb pawn shop show.
He's terrible.
Thanks for a great evening!
We enjoyed it.
paisan, the special killed us, u need a sitcom
note to self...when you have a streaming head cold, dont paint your nails, coz when you sneeze...there is a difficult choice to be made.
I mean, that entire pot of coffee wasn't just going to doctornk itself.
So now I am plastered to the ceiling.
GOD Morning tweeters.
We're SO close to 150!
Thanks to our 7 new followers since yesterday, If I have not already, I will follow back.
Of course I did, I know more about baseball than any of you!
Hm Hennessy and coke with a vicodin  sweet sleep
Just got a Sinatra cd recorded in 1939, blows my mind to be listening to people playing music at a point in time 73 years ago.
Crazy.
I played Pink Champagne and my mom was like who's is this, Demi Lovato?
postal service came on my pandora radio, makes me miss you and badass fridays 3
no way!!
yeah they are!!lol
nice start, just keep at it....
: Be grateful for EVERYTHING.
Just got a free venti iced coffee  Starbucks.
Not sure why but not complaining.
cool!
I just got home :
RT : The word axiomatic is George Will's thing and he will straight up cut you if you try to use it.
u r so beautiful and u need to know dat!
Ur like so gorgeous its crazy
I saw the tweets.
You were HILARIOUS this afternoon!!!
:
In your mouth :
i think i'm gona get a snack and take a nap soon.
xP
Bahaha.
Is that why you've been MIA..spending all your time with Beiber?I get it now.Do ya thang chicken wang!:D
That sucks!!
: it must be because we aren't sleeping in the same room anymore!
Oh My God, I'm so lazy.
Working on a post.
Did you make it to this weekend?
Are you shining Yet?
follow me hunter
ciao bella professorssora!
come stai?
i hope to make it back for fall semester.
i am in love with italia.
e vero!
Rules?
More like the 12 commandments of bacon!
Thanks.
Go wolves  they are looking good!
I've got a lot of learning to do but give me a chance and I will tell you all I know.
Simms: to actually fumble the ball, you would have to fumble the ball
so if i marry a white boy does that mean my daughter will only like white boys lol
hey guys, we just checked out your music and we love it : Keep up the good work!
of course not, if you forgot to include the cucumber!
Rookie mistake.
: RaceFail 09 brought about mass vernacular theory production in regards to racism and sf and fantasy lit
So satisfying to see P.
Diddy get dunked on like that...
Next week im doing my work
thank you:
HOPE EVERYTHING IS OK BIG BRO...
Maybe your right .maybe im a bitch
I94 WB in Racine co.
Near 7 mile rd..big delays.
Fatal accident.
One lane now open.
Sheriff expects it to be several hours b4 reopened.
When you stop getting better, you stop being good Dizzy Dean
I was pissed with their decision!!!
It was a great episode, but I wanted it to end differently.
crazy night ahead!
Super excited for some Knolla's and chips  queso!
oh em gee some ppl
Keitt turned on him.
You insult Lamon, and you insult me!
he thundered.
He is a gentleman and my friend.
And we shall have a doctornk.
Get it right..
a duck moo's...
not a chicken ...
and only chuck the duck...
Was content to wait for table at mex restaurant.
Mom took the pester the hostess approach.
She won.
Listen to Action Bronson mixtape Blue Chips if your a rap he's forreal!!
is a failiure of a human being.
wish id get by lightning or something
LOL Critical is why you are 2nd in the polls to Chuckie Doll candidate not the SOTU addoctorss next year.
Anyone have a favorite joke to tell at a job interview?
: I can't really explain it, I'm so into you now, I wanna be more than a friend to you now.
And now I want to have an kugeloff.
Charwoman?
An English house cleaner
Make the most of every opportunity, and never try to be something your not!!
if any of you are looking for a beachbody coach get mine He is knows a lot about fitness and health!
It's mustarnaisse!
Coffee with exec.
director ....great ministry doing great development work helping people start businesses in
Not who i thought you were.
Happy Fourth Everyone :
PARKER POSEY u were great.
Thnksss
me too lol will I be seeing you this weekend?
hello there may you follow me please i will be happy
Thanks, but I'm still on the job until Jan.
2013!!
: A very big thank you to for his service to DC!
hi dude Wat's up?
I'm thankful for good friends and family 3
Where did u get the swaddling blanket in your pics?
Congrats ur little man is so cute  u have a gorgeous family.
Before Bruce is was just a loser from Tennessee, now I have the world.
Thanks, Bruce.
FollowFriday
Available: Ltd Ed MORRISON STADIUM Fine Art Prints / 20 x 10 / 60
My knee hurts so bad.
I just wanna know what happend.
Lmao.
I want myung wol's shoes when shes at the ballroom dancing with Kangwoo.
so pretty
My thought for the day, anyone feel free to comment  I want to be married again.
Am I crazy?
I think every one is annoyed with how much I talk about Austin.
I could literally talk about him all day.
Well, I wish you luc....wait!
You can pop into between 6pm9pm for free geek out wine love!
I linked my facebook and myspace page to twitter, check it out!!myspace.com/miltowntickets, facebook/miltowntickets
Big conference next week!!
Thanked you twice.
How annoying!
Sorry!
Quote of the Day: A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song.
Maya Angelou
Any SMASH fans?
NBC is renewing the Broadwaythemed doctorma for a second season!
Zimmerman raised 200K 4 defense but in fairness noted that TrayvonMartin's family has raised 100K 4 a foundation.
You're a perv.
haha
Anyone else having trouble with after the new Silverlight upgrade?
It crashes any other open windows...
me too ; I am about 28 years removed
Do vegan moms count?
: RT : where are the green mom blogger/activist speakers at BWENY!
:
come party at exclusive rdv or amnesia in nyc tonight!
I don't know who made it yet, they didn't say
The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show tonight 7pm est on www.blaze.wwradio.net
Thank you Kentucky wildcats!
This was an awesome season!
Now I want to hear what says.
Norb?
i Voted for RNG but i dnt have an ipod so i cnt take pics :
Outdoor, please
How is the country music world going to exist without brooks and dunn?
okay!
Just let me know soon.
I want to buy them within the next couple days
It's incredible how so many things make me think about her...
3 sheesh.
Can't wait for Saturday  headed out to dine with the
Protesters go home be safe
I truely feel ya.
Congrats on that.
I look forward to seeing and reading about your own indie brand tee and/or tee review site!
that SUUCCKKSS.
I have 3 papers ,  I have to study  gather notes for this essay tomorrow!
WE all feel that way
Come on rickie!
You can do it!
Back to back victories?!
yesplease lovehim 
damn well !!!
You're a natural at this!
It's time to come back.
We miss you.
nope, going to the south side parade
Stop allowing people to overshadow your GREATNESS.
Do what you were set out to do.
There's only one reason why a guy would text his ex girlfriend.
18conf failure to addoctorss social emotional issues of childoctorn negates impact of many programs
12.
is one of my FAVE p  w singers.
I've been having a blast hanging out with Laura and Alan this week!
I can't wait to see them again tomorrow!
:
ok dope!
About to check it out now
Good idea, I'd do it.
Actually tried it a little via craigslist.
Mixed results as I'm sure you can imagine.
Bitches smiling  you it must be happy hour
Let's get ready for some good racing tonight!!..
Go 24!!!
thank god.
shitpeoplesay you're worthless.
isay don't believe them
So hungry ..
Yes to both.
I miss you too, jerkface.
;
That math final made me it's B
very nice website  insight!
CML houses Job Help Center and Homework Help in same space.
Flips at 3pm when school kids arrive.
Amazing night at the EdTechLink Fundoctoriser!
Great to see such support from the community!
Over 50,000 raised.
RT : When I say spicy, Siam House listens.
Wow.
Watched Hey Boo on pbs last nightjust after book club on Crooked Letter.
Wonderful as Ever!
I'll be back next Saturday morning!
haha life celebration!
I love it!!
April 10 Let's go
My four year old said daddy, I know why Heaven is so fun...you get to wear the same thing everyday
raid ancient tombs, get money and exotic women?
Man, being Indiana Jones doesn't sound too bad
heh, that was my inspiration
of zombies dont podcast has recently made the most shocking and bizarre statement in the anals of horror podcast history!
My first panel of the morning: 14.
Subverting the MiseenPage: Editorial Approaches before the Age of Print 
Once again:
Lannister!?
That is an insult to this proud Stark :
Just added playmate to the list...
: Yup hit my limit I'm done doctornking I think I proved my point lol lol tomorrow tweet.
getting wasted!
I Will Not Give Up Until Justin Bieber Notice me Or Miley Cyrus Does
Anyone hangout?
Today is my birthday!!
Who!
And my only wish is to meet !
Hey justin, wanna come to my birthday party?
Gotta place for ya:
The countdowns continue!
31 days till SD and 45 till Chitown!
Get ready, 'Merica.
omfg I cant wait I cant wait its gonna b fun
where's the new office?
Was doctorving eating a tuna sandwich and a large chunk of tuna salad fell into my shirt pocket.
Didn't know until I pulled out my sunglasses.
Announcer saying the Bonnies survived a scandal when a recruit had only a welding certificate.
Doesn't sound so bad to me.
thanks for the reply
this is true.
That is why I am planning on doing lots of research to distinguish my idea from those other solutions.
please follow me.
George Clooney was robbed SAG Awards
Wish I woulda said yes!!!!
true, true.
It was said that The Aztec messengers used to sustain themselves on their long trips by consuming chia seeds.
There is a sale on real estate.
RT : Its time to do what the rich do they go shopping.
any idea when College Ave between Howell and Pennsylvania Ave's will be open??!
TOMORROW: Our first two website graphics package goes up for sale  'Feeling Fall' and 'Corporate Business'
Whenever I see a cute girl in public, I'm reminded that I have no understanding of the thought process behind hitting on someone in romcoms.
If you can do it, it ain't braggin'.
Former baseball pitcher Dizzy Dean
Guess I'll try to fall asleep....
We'll see
For future reference: calling someone a retard and spelling it wrong doesn't make you seem all that bright either honey
It kinda is.
Damn, little hungry now.
Appreciate Donna.
Thanks to all who applied for the Membership Coordinator position.
We are no longer accepting applications.
Who is to blame that Dook was so average this season?
Their recruiting classes are the best every year and each of their guys is a McD's AA.
It happened, Satan's trifecta.
Wow!
I aspire to be as busy as you are and as creatively.
One final workshop just announced: Grantwriting Strategies for the Digital Humanities by and
I just made my own liquid hand soap!
Go me:
sol'd OUT.
LMAO that's like the oldest pic ever LOL slaps self that night makes me laugh tho so I always keep it LOL ..
lol yea out of my field of singing but I gotta pay the bills
Just fell in love with Art N Soul on 101 in Encinitas, CA!
I would gladly have corgis chase me anywhere
moss this moss that moss this moss that..moss back at it!
I'm so bored!
It's no fun being out of work when you're broke.
I've got to find a job soon or I'm going to go nuts.
Getting tired of hearing police sirens in my neighborhood.
Hahaha!
Hey!
Don't talk like that about Nanda and my future nameless godchildoctorn!!
XP
Best book ever on client service, What's the Secret to Providing a World Class Customer Experience by John R.
DiJulius I.
He Sent That Shit.
would luv plan to include youth programming MT Bromo Tower Arts and Ent District proposed to revitalize downtown
Or ...
You could live with ME!!!
Want to teach college?
x
Amanda Gardner teaches women in prison.
Consistency and stability are hard to find in the prison education system.
Brian Culbertson who was already rockin the set himself brought Chuck Brown out on stage
I just wanna see some tit
Quote of the day, Oh yeah, while you people were arguing over the Marriage Amendment, we sold the US to Iran.
LOL...
My family Thanksgiving preparation began tonight.
The cooking will be completed after work tomorrow, then we eat.
Looking forward!
Happy Day
Dinner Ians Cinnamon  Honey French Toast Sticks, 3 Servings, Organic Valley Chocolate Milk...
God this month has carried out long
artist be sure to send me your latest via email so I can put it in the mix.
i'd appreciate an instrumental version to go with that

once again you're 35, don't go threatening me.
me too Frankie is just in for the girls and fame not a good reason
Sigh..
Yep.
I guess she taught the cataloging class and one of my cohort members liked her.
You're right.
What are ya gonna do?
HS softball: Charlotte beats Port Aransas 21 in onegame playoff.
1st Cactus League game vs.
CWS today.
Can't wait for opening day!
Only 1 month to go.
I want 2 have a British accent.
Theres this boy in my class who has a british accent hes not even from England
We missed you!
Maybe tomorrow?
literally NotMetaphorically  yours was metaphorical
Who wants Brian Kendoctorck to win the x division title?
it's okay but why?
That's so wrong it's funny.
Sept 21  Visual Made Verbal Making Visual Images Accessible to People Who Are Blind or Have Low Vision www.bit.ly/cmmA3c
Royal Wedding fatigue?
Let's talk about an exciting event like the radio a thon for AFCH , next week!!
Action Bronson, Riff Raff and Dana Coppafeel this Saturday!
Unifi Records in the house!
In fort Wayne for the day.
stay safe
Of course they would have an oxygen chamber in San Diego at a vet's office.
We don't have one here in Fresno for people!
Sorry for not doing the name rate yet!
Ill do it now!
: So be continued.
FF to the ladies I can't wait to see in a few hours 
The School of Criminal Justice graduation starts in a few minutes.
Congratulations to all of you out there!
sorry, Amy.
I tried to look it up but I don't own the pattern.
Will RT for you, though.
There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count and those who can't.
Niggas acting dirty
Hows it looking out there tonight?
This dumb chicks yell sounds like a train horn...now I am wishing for one to run her over
thanks!!!
I was so excited when I found out that I was in a magazine!
:
i will be watching, cant wait.
So excited for the record.
One door closes n another One opens
How many of your webseries other than your own on your site?
May be a good community marketing idea.
Help me, help you.
Lol
As I'm so late with my Dolphins NFLdoctorft reaction, I will blurt out my thoughts in one tweet so I'm concise AND come off like a madman...
I really don't want to have a nervous breakdown in the middle of the grocery store.
Please.
Then in the parking lot of an Albuquerque , police wrote George Toledo, 62, a citation for his twentieth DWI.
And they arrested him.
Tweet Mee Maybe ?
Super Mighty medium chicken lettuce tomato SC cheese...
please.
I've just retired to Florida ..
Lookin to purchase a metal detector.
Any leads?
Visit our new feedback form on our home page: www.brooklineelectric.com
Be nice to people on your way up.
You might need them on your way down.
Davinci is now offering new bundled conference room packages at several of our florida locations.
Call Christie for details 877MYDAVINCI
According to Tips  Tricks email, no wifi in meeting rooms  no tweeting during sessions.
:
Good morning everyone, have a blessed day :
Yeah, I know what you mean.
I think if you talk good you should get press rather than dissing someone and get press.
We so fly, we only see them ceilings when we looking down.
So if I wanted to see what the fuss is about is there a way I can see the Knicks tonight here in SF?
I always got time for my son !
i dont hate anybody.
but i can be the person you hate.
This only happens when I do something unnatural.
D:
since u dont have a crew, can we be ur crew?
:D
: Like every great thinker, Gutenberg combined other people's ideas.
idea10
HUD LIstings link on my siteLowLow Downpayment.Decent condition!
http:www.laurengardiner.com
The Andoctor 3000?I would shave w/that razor : I bet Andoctor 3000 and Gael Garcia Bernal avoided Adoctoran Brody on that commercial.
SAVING STUFF FOR THE YARD SALE!!!
this is how I plan on paying for the NYC trip
I have seen New Orleans more then I have seen my sons this month!
TO ALL OUR FOLLOWERS ON FACEBOOK..
LIKE OUR PAGE :D IT'S FOR YOU
and you still lying I see .
you on my team today but in a few days you gonna say something out the way
We text 24/7, but when we meet it's so awkward.
Have a Great dayy!!:
it's Deion Branch PatsTriviaTues  Pick me!!!
I want the Super Bowl hat!!!
:
Does this mean Klaus is gone forever?
:
Happy New Year
Wishing a happy birthday to !
Have an awesome day!!!
Cracking open the Dinner at the Authentic Cafe cookbook in hopes of putting together a convincing batch of pupusas for supper tonight.
haha and thats cuz youre friggen awesome!
thank you : ive never gotten even half that many views before on a video
20 dollars later and you better have gotten a fuckin A.
Do you want to become a part of The NFL Experience at the Indiana Convention Center tomorrow?
Then call us at: 8884930004 for the tickets.
: Q: How does ones gay marriage affect my traditional one?
A: Marriage no longer your exclusive privilege
Just finished Trust Agents.
Thanks to you  Julien for compiling your thoughts in one easytoreference roadmap.
Next one?
Congrats to our Red Pin Party Winner Michael Donovan  Michael please email to claim your party!
sure about that
thanks josh, definitely one of the strangest articles I've written
have done :
A little bird tweeted and I thought it said that it was your anniversary.
Have a great celebration today!
that I climb.
The spot gets smaller  I get bigger, tryin to get in where I fit in, no room for a niqquh but soon for a niqquh it be on ...
Four days till the beach!
My grades are as I expected, whether thats good or bad is up too yall cause I'm not telling lol
oh to be a fly on the wall: national singles cougar convention in palo alto.
really.
I love garrett but man he needs to shave him face!
:O I'm sorry.
Mexican sandwich shop in Union Square, check it
: I Was Plannin' On This Bein' Somethin' Worth Mentionin' .
Energy Invested In Someone I Saw Potential In .
Appalachian Granny is creating fresh No Bake Cookies onsite at Acme!
Order NOW for the Holidays!
6147322803
That Miller Lite punch top can seems pretty dumb
BIEBER IS THE WINNER
Not sure why I'm so tenacious!
is off to Georgetown for the evening!
Our wireless network is back in action!
Just goes to show, if you have enough Apple products in the house, you can do almost anything.
OWIF: Oh crp, she hired a freakin' merchant marine to housesit!
I have to go disarm the buggymelon before he kills me...
A NO HITTER FOR JERED WEAVER!!!!
And one!
shaq jus to dominant during his stretch
RAGE TOOT FLURRY!
Me too.
We should go.
iidol Joshua  Jessica duet was my favorite!
The Orioles locker room after reading all these
Hey!
Are you going to be in Minneapolis tomorrow?
everything is so confusing today :/
You would like that one haha
foreal!
You too BAD!!!
;
yea he been took it to far
Karl's incredibly wise.
RT : Karl Pilkington is unquestionably the greatest man alive.
lukewarm baths are so much more relaxing than ferociously hot ones.
lol come on!
Im giving u a year.
Daily Dose of Goodness: Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted.
Albert Einstein
NOO!
I've gone to zero gravity a few times though
sure.
I think it's fine as long as it's not a crazy amount of them.
please don't post future timelines though
spotted on M street in Can't wait until the new restaurant opens!
call you later today, mister
i've been watching serial mom.
kathleen turner is so good.
WEAR YOUR SEAT BELT.
No contract.
No work order.
BREAK THE RULE, BREAK THE CODE, LOOSE RESPECT AND UNION DOOR CAN BE CLOSED ON YOU FOR LIFE!
RT!
happens with hin we can only see wht they chose to show.
Think about Demi she didnt show until she exploded.
Ofcourse  i plead that
Just ate a 440 calorie candy bar.
I REGRET NOTHING.
At asgoesJanesville sneak peak in Milwaukee.
This film is going to rock.Wisconsin.
Much more to see then released clips
when are you going to follow me?3:
That's a great one!
Glad you are feeling better!
To All Of Us At GravelBone  Have a Happy Metal Christmas!!!!
I've been working so much lately I haven't had time to tweet.
I feel like such a loser.
Found himself to be the only person booing at Sheriff Joe at the Phoenix St.
Patrick's Day parade.
Not surprised.
yea I understand I'm n memphis
I know!
If I lived over there though, I probably wouldnt like it at all!
LOL!!
:
Foo Fighters and Cold Play have the arena rock thing down pat.
When people try to talk to you in mid repetition.
oh hey Kemally Mall!
I Had Tha Best Bday Weekend Ever..
good looks bra and thanks for the rt
In cs wit my crazy people md ETC.: Dey annoying but i gotta love em
Marble Doctors refinishes your Marble Floors by grinding, stripping, repairing, and polishing will bring your marble back to life.
Monday Mantra: What you seek is seeking you.
Rumi
Could really go for some Mighty.
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience.Elbert Hubbard
God i wish this year all my doctorams will come true........A positive attitude can really make doctorams come true  it did for me..
Beastmode inning boys!
/
She's hiking the Appachian trail
Literally no one here is eating I feel like one of those 80 year old womaen who eat at 4:15.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers.
You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
well if you haven't noticed by now we believe in big families.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in football because he tweets just the right amount during football season
even tho its MY party day i got a surprise for u....;
What seems like the right thing to do could also be the hardest thing you have ever done in your life.
Unknown
You are amazing, no doubt.21 :D
Revolution Web, The Aventura Printing Company That Leads The Way In Web Development And Integrated Marketing.
8669702532
well guess I need to come over then lol
shouldnt u be spending money today
I remember the collective gasp and the slammed door: Rock Hudson had AIDS, 13yo HIVinfected Ryan White wanted to attend public school.
Little known fact: natl childoctorns' book ambassador katharine patterson has a red arrow tattoo on her toe.
you are too kind.
We are so excited to hear about a growing coworking community in the TriCities!
Rock on, team.
Might be time to rethink that 'houdini' handle if you can't even escape a photo ;
because many shows don't allow people to bring in SLRs or anything of decent quality.
In honor of Can You Walk Away opening today here's an FF dedicated to HumanTrafficking:
One of these day im jack a bitch
No LMU practice this Saturday and Sunday due to pool closure
mama's little baby loves shortnin' bread
Knowledge can be communicated but not wisdom.
Hermann Hesse
Happy Thanksgiving break!
Look out postbreak for some new Agency action...
Miss Vicky is writing a blog about JusteLove street teams?
That's us!
I love you, pseudoephedoctorne.
I have a feeling its going to be a great summer.
:
Torts, does size matter?
its raining!
In the car with :
Imma get a tattoo of Chara doctorpping Henrik after the whistle.
To the creator of CHICKFILA sauce...
Wow that's Awesome!
Thank you for that amazing shout out.
; 
Last Night was the shit!!!.
But last night was to fun it was nice seeing old faces and of course I meet some new faces as well overall it was a good night
is taking over...
They're on the rampage in Downtown Takoma.
Watch your asses people!
we're going to have a beer soon
people killing up black folks cause they mad black folks are complaining.
Watch out !
might have just found a new cohost.
Sign of the times, both Jason Esposito and Nick Delmonico announced their signings with the Orioles on their own twitter accounts
I like your article on the Future of HiFi.
26 y/o here on a daily quest to convert music lovers to better sound!
imthekindofperson you take home to meet the parents...you said they liked me...of course they did..I'm me dummy
Keep your fingers crossed  but my gmail might be functional again
when you catch my fade
RBMS this has been an amazing event.
Not over yet but I couldn't wait.
Many thank yous to all involved and scholarship donors.
High schools seniors participating in collegeshirtday, share your pictures with us wearing your St.
John's tshirt via stj!
super8 before midnight.
Not the usual night owl vibe, but still a heavy fanboy demo.
The poetry I writerecite has people hype,but the definitely understand my PassionFrustrAtion.
Thanks for the RT's YOU ROCK!!!
:
Was the Occupy Wall St.
Movement the type of thing that PIPA/SOPA was hoping to censor and keep from gaining momentum?
lol w.e floats your boat
Two is most definately better than one.
3
I just finished a 2.03 mi run with a pace of 10'34/mi with Nike GPS.
my thanks to all the folks who came out to MusicFest yesterday, it was a huge success!
Great episode of xfactor tonight.
Time to lay it down.
Thanks for following Amir!
is a phenomenal actor.
He knows how to emphasize which part of him to be any given character.
I thought you might
No but we have been gathering information.
We also have the book..Solar Power Your Home for Dummies.
We just need 
i will
Alchemy, Cafe Coyote, The Prado ...
three of my favorites!!
I wrote an essay about writing an essay...
Shoutout to for a FABULOUS photo shoot!
I AM A FAN!
YOU GIVE ME CHILLS WHEN YOU SING.
FREE BIRD WAS AWESOME, MANS WORLD WAS AMAZING.
I HOPE YOU WIN TONIGHT.
Time to get my party on
Cupcakes from for breakfast...
Never heard of a better idea :p
My wife, daughter, and my daughter's friend are in Denver for the Women's Final Four.
Trip of a lifetime.
Looking for musicians to help!
If you know of any please send this link www.USAMusician.net we are looking to help the RIGHT musicians
Time to worry about me and not u!
aw....that's so cute.
and you kinda doctorssed alike!
Lakers fans are the most sensitive, cause if they win, they over hyped, and if they lose, they mad cause we all know Lakers don't lose...
i go to mexico almost every single day
All my eyes can see is texture, texture, texture!
Great meetings this week with PORCELANOSA  Miami.
I've spewed horribly this month, playing endlessly.
I'm trying to get back on the hardcore poker grind now.
be nice boo or you ain't gonna get no cake.
yayyy thank you Steven!
!
Iha Swyping ...s th a is annoyi...nothing is spell right at all until now
I betrayed my Rick 4001D to finance a fleeting affair of the heart, but still, I hear her deep treble resonance in the corners of my mind.
Jack are you working the clubhouse tonight?
ok 1 vote for so far..
haha yes.
Actually, is built using ColdFusion.
It's opensourced now.
It.
Is.
ALIVE!
think I spent over 5 grand today.
Got the TSV and I'm in love, love love.
Thank you!!!!!
Keep it coming
SDSU was founded March 13, 1897.
I was founded March 13, 1983.
I knew there was a reason my path came through here!
Super excited for our interview with Pageant Fitness coach Walter Lewis.
Tweet us ASAP for any questions you want answered!
Congrats Sheed!!!
I look forward to seeing you in the play in the future.
Stay focused on Him!
...become blameless  pure, childoctorn of God...in which u shine like stars in the universe as u hold out the word of life.
Philippians 2:15
Many thanks everyone for the RTs!
How bad does the NHL need Boston, Philly, or NY to advance to the cup final?
are you going to speak at church tomorrow?
Would love to hear you speak.
Whe sunburns peel, the risk of cancer increases by 50 Persons with more than 40 moles have close to 3 times the chance of skin cancers
sweaty feet.
red toes.
90 degrees.
my sunday woe.
Wth?
It wont let me post pics!
Dinner at cafe sphere with ex clients.
They want to come back.
Poor dears.
Thank you so much!
glad you enjoyed hearing about how Mllennials want to game the system
Glitch in Outlook created nostalgic typewriter effect: Cursor wouldn't go back to allow editing.
After restart, now processing words again.
Haha, he would kick my ass...
where yu at
Marriage is honorable among all and the bed undefiled, but fornicators and adulterers God will judge.
Heb.13:4
give me a lot of money
Please follow me so I can reply to ur mes...
From my peanut.
;
We got a partial sponsor with BOSS innovations here locally...
always room for more sponsors!
; Plenty of ad space on car!!
Anybody that mentions in a tweet will receive an automatic follow back!

I will be there for Jordan: : Who wants to see come root on mavs fan Jordan Spieth this weekend at the
Alright, time to get going.
Gotta map out Civics for the week as quick as possible.
Tomorrow we're introducing the unalienable rights.
Anybody awake?
RT : when she in the bedoctorom she like to play wit da stikk yeaahhh
HOLY CRAP
we're outside the garden trying to figure it out.
Where u at tonight?
I am not a member but have considered it.
How has the affiliation been instrumental to you?
I dont know aha , erbody in ohio hate snow silly lmao
Heading to my 1st gig at orange hills O Bar.
Gonna jazz it up!
7:30pm 6510 east Chapman ave, orange
RESCUE Box 2013 Poplar Grove St  Mosher St, West Balto; Auto accident, person trapped.
Rescue crew popping door open.
Got a Favorite Artists You'd like to See in the Running for NEW COUNTRY STAR OF THE YEAR 2011?
We're lining 'em up for January now!
what do you do when mister korchok is mad?
Salina what?
My hometown.
he's concentrating on winning delegates  still very much in the primary race.
Leg workout so brutal I need a wheelchair.
Cant wait till tomorrow AngelsAndGentleman comes out:!!!
Rain or shine, looking forward to waiting in line w my craftbeer bretheren on Sunday morning for gtmw tix
The Red Sox are looking for OFs and have a deep minor league system.
Hope the Brewers are at least checking what they could get for Morgan.
y'all seriously can't let that go!
it was just once.
kay twice, but that was all.
.
930 ET in like an hour in a half
Power is out in at least one block in Burleith.
Did i really sprain the arch in my foot?!
who is that even possible??
Who's Ready for a Texas Cheese Steak Feast?
It's Cheese Steak Tuesday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint!
PA voters!
To the booth!
I can move my knee right to left, that's not suppose to happen 
LONGHORNS are on tv as I'm on the treadmill  gym.
I miss Austin.
HOOK 'EM!
Today is National Hairball Awareness Day...
really!
Creative pros doing work in churches: don't forget that element of hospitality.
It's probably the most relevant thing you'll do all day.
I'm going with the Rangers  Devils tonight!
U R followinggniwollof R U
Worst.Halftime Show.Ever.
MomQuotes playing cassette tapes this old school child , what chu know about that
lol we should go to Hollywood too!
That looks so fun!!!
U can feel the life gettin sucked out of bulls w rose injury
Shout Out To EJ For No Fuckin Reason...
Why is there construction next door when all I want to do is sleep?
The fact that i'm reading the english honors story 3 days after the quiz.
I'm a bit behind since i went to wgi friday...Oh Well I'mTooGood
Early???
Where are you?
Just finished working on this film...now trying to catch up on some sleep
Btw Good Morning!
ur prego we get it, that shit happens to like 97493328 women everyday.
quit trending that shit.
Good luck tomorrow to all the Tough Mudders out there!
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
Goethe
I suppose I shld apologize to all the gay porn stars for unfollowing them.
I must relegate you all to a diff realm of my life.
well I'll be gone satsunday.
So let's chill friday ?
Mabbe !
i just want to be with you ....
it upsets me that i cant
TRAK is actively seeking information managers and information science professorssionals in CA!
Contact me for details.
If you feel you can not fly...
Take my wing and we will take flight together!
Yeow  Thanks to everybody for all the support!Now need to be serious activist not happy filmmaker ie: more QA dancing : who's with me?
try being a cop and having to go to court evry month.
I'd prefer yalls life style
Better than the iPad Retina Display?
: aha : you're sweet !
I'm passionate towards the ladies
thanks Danny!
I'll check out your site and let you know before I would come.
Thanks for the link !
I was busy :/ but now I'm here : haha
I think he was specifically saying that focusing on cutting gov't spending during a recession is no good.
RT : Robbed raped and murdered
RN20 day 3, and I still can't get my best friend out of my mind, I miss you like crazy bud.
And I know your looking down on us.
RIP brother
Enough tv..gonna take a shower and go out.
uh no way.
I cringe thinking about seeing/hearing myself on tv!
I'm just going to keep my nails how they r cuz no one can decide which one is the best
are you all set up?
Yay
that was amazing what you did on shark tank today!
Congrats I hope billy jr and yourself make a ton of money!
Good guy!
Nope im at home.
Oh Will Ya is mixed
.
.
.have lots of latitude to build provisional Utopian spaces, and see them flourish.
.
.
Crowded truck stop restroom.
Dad hunched over his son, showing him how to use a urinal.
Oh my god.
Why.
Iowa.
I can't stop singing She Will Be Loved.
I'm going to have to do this one as my next cover video sorry guys.
The Lazy Song will come after!
I agree.
The post talks about Springsteen and Rage Against the Machine's version of Ghost of Tom Joad too!
These FOX announcers are annoying!
doctorpal 7.10 now available as a oneclick upgrade for all Pantheon sites.
Just sayin'.
;
i am beside myself with retweets right now i feel like i'm making a difference
Brain tumors are the leading cause of cancerrelated death in childoctorn.
BrainTumorAwarenessMonth Help raise awareness 4 kids!
Bands looking for a sponsor?
Shoot me a email:
It's funny how they actually try to act.
You're not paid for that.
You're paid to bone.
Lololol
LMFAOOO omg good times, and the kid that was riding his bike we were scaring the shit outta him aying caakaa
who knows if its true when Aceves is the source Meatman!
Either way i cant stand Beckett
Back at 24 Hour Fitness with the hubby!!:
how much
I have a contact hangover from the guy sitting next to me on the train last night
DeLoura wants veteran developers to take games from underrepresented communities and promote them
I sure hope your bro gets to 10 Million followers , Lmao , hacked :
Still Up In The Shit..
Screw finals!!
scrub ish
lol good morning!
I see you've been bored!
We'll have to change that!
I think ill keep this one for a while lol
Just got to the PC.
Any streaming of the U23 game?
10 More Minutes To anwser.
what is justin bieber middle name
It's good to finally see Katie but Caroline can take a hike!!
We went, we worked, we conquered!!
ActorFest.
Thank you so much Krisha Bullock for helping make this event the great success that it was!!
ayyee I got wrk 7am lol.
No choice but the weak sauce.
Why did Chilly Willy want pancakes anyway?
Yes, definitely!
My sts are astonished when I ask them to find and use and assess a new tool.
They expect use this.
Just booked travel to SLA 2009.
214 on Continental round trip SAN to BWI
hi.
I'm John.
Not only are you my mother, but you're my bestfriend.
Happy Mother's Day to the best mommy!
3 I wish I could be there with you today.
Great idea!
University outreach centers that focus on global issues are another good resource.
TheVoice decisions are happening now on the Westside...crazy!!!
It's morning.
Ugh...
We need Senior Production Designers...
CNN: It would be tragic to do anything that might hamper the banks in their quest to take your money and sit on it
I think it's sweet 
I have never been so consumed and I've never loved it more.
Midlifers, it is here!
Dm your favorite fall memory to me and get a mention for yourself or your site in the Fall Into You TMT mag issue!
Owning a bookstore is a doctoram come true for us.
Recently found an obsession with NP Hypnotico 
movie night?
after the playoffs of course.
sup knox?
Oh that's yo girl damn nigga you ain't learned shit
We have the best advisor!
; : Love seeing all these teams checking in on They totally get it.
ur blowing up my phone but its ok because i love seeing u name :
Welcome !
We're so happy you're here!
M!
Have you ever tried cherry limeade pie?
Key lime pie with cherries and whipped cream on top.
SO.GOOD.
If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month.
Do you agree?
News is something someone wants suppressed.
Everything else is just advertising.
Lord Northcliff
you're hurting my feelings even more.....
Poor Sherrod.
We'll miss you :'
do people know how awesome you are?
student working on a research paper this morning
UofL students, SGA voting starts today!
Make sure u log onto Ulink to vote!
anyone know any good Flex developers or other Twitterers to follow?
RT
Biggest tragedy of information retrieval in the modern world: I can never find any lols when I want them.
Is that a fact?
20 to 25 carries?
Is there a universal law of RB's I'm unaware of.
Leave the genius to the pros.
Man I miss this weather out here
duh!!
i said it didn't i
I Jus wanted to ask you a few things about the industry sure you can help me better then most.
You gonna be in cols.
Anytime soon?
goodnight, star!
you're so welcome!
i never got a chance to say hi.
: but thanks for replying to my tweet.
3
Thank you for the mention and the follow..
XOXO
I'm confused by that one?
Is it wrong to feel pumped?
Love Tebow but have to look at Manning as.....MANNING!
ReplaceMovieTitlesWithFloppin Flop Five
milwaukee AZEK BOARDS AND MOULDING IN STOCK, IN STOCK, IN STOCK
Winter Classic in Florence, KY Jan 2122.
Call Jason Betts 5024398034 for info or email
Where your focus goes, energy flows.
1 more.
Biting back.
Wind has picked up.
nothing yet  very cool  hope you like it!!
When is this super moon revealing itself?
Downloaded songs.
I open the music part of the app and it tells me that I should see playlists from my media app.
I don't.
Cats beat Michigan ten seconds into OT!
Game winner by Billy Glass.
S/O XOXVOGUE FOR THE FOLLOWBACK
New babbyyyy cousin!
Have a fab one!
: FYI iBird Pro is on sale for only .99 versus 29.99 in the apple app store!
just woke up in the town of west liberty, Kentucky.
Only I would get punched in the arm everytime I say a book title.
Dear , please bring a wine refill upstairs to the office.
I am busy and I know you are playing video games.
And you love me.
Ohh what's Flipboard?
Sounds fun!
So Boring!
Bravo!
RT : It really does take more energy to be mean and nasty than to just be nice.
My great grandma funeral friday....smh.
Dec.31 Follow for updates
Aw!
Very understandable.
Do they dance when they greet you?
What wonderful expressions of God's joyful, unconditional love!
Go RANGERS!!
Game 7!!!!
I enjoy being at home by myself , that'll all end next week !
Kids  mama all out if school !
Heading to Spirit Rock for a full day of meditation and hiking with the fam..
Happy hippie mothers day!
rockies lose lead, tied 88, and stadium playing ' what doesn't kill you makes you stronger'
Thanks, I'll send them along.
And people wonder why i build these barriers and why it's so hard for me to let them down for people ..smh
that's hilarious
Wow Scott!!
No slicked back hair?
No Tom ford pocket squares?
Wow!!!
you all look so young and normal lol
Back open tomorrow!
Hope everyone had a wonderful holiday!
haha aw how nice of you :P
i REALLY want to but i dont know if i can have the money before they're sold out, are you getting normal tickets or vip??
Tombrady is a poser
Listening to RT 1050 ESPN NY: NY Baseball Tonight.
Noon1pm.
Joined by Jody McDonald, talking Yankees, Mets, 

Let's reconnect next week.
DM Thanks!
I have to see cause I have like a million people going with me already!
Hahaa :
too true.
Got the macho fries on!!
is making me try the Path app on my iPhone
How nice of reporters to use FUD when discussing nuclear reactors and emotional language to manipulate the discussion.
The sun will come out tomorrow..
Bet your bottom dollar that tomorrow..
There'll be sun3
thanks for putting it in my mind now lol
If I change my mind, do I change my choices?
And if I change my choices, do i change my life?
Have a GREAT day!
The Christian Right and Popular Culture: The Interaction of Politics and Theology, research paper by Andoctorw Rojecki at ICA 11
Thanks for RT!
The HB story was inspiring to read and report on!
When I am done with exams, we are skyping for hours, k?
nxt a lil better!!
and thank u?
It's fun.
I'm not sure I have skills either, but it's all good.
:D
shut up bitch
Why every time that Sexy and I Know It comes on do I stop what I'm doing and dance?
My fridayreads is To Kill a Mockingbird.
It's been years since I've read it.
It's even better than I remembered.
Y'all are going to see a lot of me during the summer.
Yes!
No doubt iubb is back RT : What a fantastic Win 4 Hoosiers over OSU.
WINS over  1 UK  now  2 Buckeyes!
you ready to take over the west coast?!
Buzz in WeHo is that there is more than one winner on doctorgRace.
God Bless u all the Animals of the World!!!
I love u all so much!!!!!
Xoxoxoxoox!!!!!!
Why does it seem like I never talk to guys in my own damn state?
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie by Laura Numberoff: Give 'em a inch...they take a mile!
I only need certain people in my life.
better than no response at all  Happy Friday!
Be careful who u call ya friend RealTalk these nigkas be worse then bytchs be fo them dollas
So proud to live where the greatest stars were born Demi Lovato ,Selena Gomez,Beyonce and soon to be Austin Mahone It's Texas!!!!!
Yea!!
reminded again not to express my opinions
Am so behind on twitter.
kicking myself for not being there last night.
but, if all goes well, there will be more habs games!!
So nice to have you 2 w/ me at breakfast this morning  love the video!
Eloquent, meaningful msg from 2 handsome guys!
There's stats, I don't know them off the top of my head.
hey i got a show opening up 4 this sat u should kumthru
The pleasure was mine.
So much for getting up early today...um whoops!
that Chris rock audio is really bad!!!
Cookout at Strouds!
DUDE!
YOU MESSED UP MY NAIL POLISH!!!
i think i switch it up everytime i write it
I've been laying in bed for 15 min now and I just can't force myself to get up.
Ugh.
Gonna be one of those days I think
Now A member of PRSSA chapter to later become a PRSA member.
it's hard to talk its so sticky good.
I'm going to sleep.
waits for y'all to wish me sweet doctorams
even so I must tip my hat to them for writing in such a succinct  concise mannereven the abbrv are impressive  creative!
RT : Natural user interfaces are key in changing energy behavior.
Easy and automated is the only way to change the world.
It's coming soon!
It surely does.
You have to look hard to find stuff.
I don't like it.
Simon is vacuuming my bedoctorom.
I love mothers day.
i hate losing followers
Fool me once fool me twice fool me a bunch more times but soon or later I will catch on to it and leave ur sorry ass!
At work waiting for 7pm
Super utility guy.
I been a fool for you, you gave me the run around but its over now, its over now.
Dear Universe  When I said I wanted a small stack of large bills, I meant cash, not invoices.
this Asian boy at this party is HIT ...
I've read data that only 12 of 'ads' results in direct commerce; 710 of items listed for sale actually sell.
i just saw this..i did nothin called me  i was on my way to sleep lol
Deuces to the classroom, welcome to your doctorams.
Adventure Time is awesome.
Best cartoon ever.
I feel shot selection is an important part of it.
Whatever you want though, I'm in.

Thanks for a great job!
10:30pm central I think.
If you saw my highlight reel that I posted you'll know which F bomb they'll be making fun of ;
Ain't that the truth.
When someone tells me they have an idea for a movie, I respond Just one?
me to
Time for defense to pick up the offense.
can it be friday now?
ready for nyc weekend asap.
Bored and want to hang with someone!
incollege it's rre you talk to people in class
Managing our TNG content is always a work in progress, but we will be trying Sharepoint in 2011.
Please share what you learn!
Cornelius Harris schools about Detroit techno, records, submerge, and Afrofuturism
I'd be so lost without my mother.
and shoot a charity golf tournament?!
nothing to do in Oslo the city is shut down for game 7...
big surprise not
Headin to rumpus room for lunch with the lady
I just had to watch make it or break it.
Some mahomie I am
Hmm.
I dunno..
I'm taking the Downtown Metro subway by myself for the first time today.
I'll either end up dead or somewhere in Pasadena!
Happy Anniversary!
The cake looks beautiful!
TimeMag cover.
That's how Robert Conrad and Michael Dunn should've posed to promote 'The Wild, Wild West' on CBS.
LiesGirlsTell , This iS My Real Hair ,..
Bitch You Know You Bought That From The Dollar Store !
25 fresh hungry minds to feed Web Standards to.
Spring 2012 semester here we come!
Since joining a gym 4 1/2 months ago I have put on almost 20lbs of muscle.
Jesus.
165lbs.
to 183lbs.
THE GENTLEMAN!
Unfortunately, didn't get to play in mtgocc.
But hanging out and watching the festivities was a blast.
Grats to community team.
cool: Already we will meet there, if God wants...
:
Guess who woke up wide awake after 2 hours of sleep?!?!
Girl right there !!!
My God if I can hear you swallow when you doctornk, you're too loud
White Bear Lake Redbull racing home to be there for birth of his child.
KSTPTV at 6pm.
Happy Easter!
from Salute Wine Bar  Cafe.
Come see us for Latino night, April 6th.
After party!!!
I got a Sally Hansen Instadoctor color.
It was fairly cheap and really does doctor in about a minute.
Just one coat.
all love back.
Thanks bro...
HOPE UR ALL HAVIN A GREAT FRIDAY!!!
hey hey hey
let me know how you're feelin it's on me.
Whats difference between me and you.?
Is that I'm a real kind show, this rap shit Id really do it..
I will
busy working studying
Social media rule no 4: use a variety of posts and repost
Haha!
Good one.
I like to go MIA every now and then ; That's because I haven't caffeinated
nice.
Stanford as some great iOS video podcasts too.
They're all objectivec though and I'd be more into a ruby based class
nope, but I have gifture.
I want dairy queen:
Toddlers and Tiaras scares me.....
i mean what kind of moms force their kids 2 do that?!
and then they get made when they act like snobs smh
lol we is so yu know what to do
Oh my God.
adair has threatened to cut me off 99 times shes such a wife
I just sent some tap shoes and fried chicken to Herman Cain's house via FedEx
My platform heels are not that small...and imma need WAY WAY more pairs of shoes than that!!!
Why is a toothless dog like a tree?It has more bark than bite.
sadness flies away on the wings of times
Good morning Twitter!
Just thinking, remember when stupid people thought it was patriotic to call french fries, Freedom Fries?
i'm tired of doing everything alone.
i want a life partner!
Just because I'm single doesn't mean I'm ugly.
I chose to live a happy and free life without doctorma.
I signed you up for the pizza hut mailing list.
It's windy outside but it's calm inside the Cafe today.
Take refuge..
have a moment to yourself and enjoy a beverage with us.
BEING SINGLE IS BETTER THEN BEING IN THE WRONG RELATIONSHIP.
Share my video please
Somewhere warm, but probably won't get to til August?
Looking at a yoga retreat in Greece!
Ah, the smell of fluffy towels fresh off the fire escape.
People who have zero sense of humor
1 gram of protein for every pound of body weight.
This is crucial for those of you who want to shapen those muscles.
WHAT?!
Adam Yauch died?!
Holy crap, no!
No no no!
:
Haters hate that other people like something they don't like so they hate them because of the persons likes.
Does any News Media Junkies who enjoy following Current Events care to chat on here tonight?
Send a Tweet!!
going try a different way.
hey more info on the bylaw change re virtual membership please?
Nunn  Wantchekon on Africa: Ubiquitous insecurity caused individuals to turn on others...kidnap, trick, and sell each other into slavery.
Happy bday!
IU Jazz Combo concert tonight in Ford Hall at 8:30pm!
David Linard Trio then Aaron Bannerman Group!
Check us out!
SUCCESS BEGINS IN YOU!
Respect / Achievement / Individuality / SelfDiscipline / Trustworthiness / Courage /
Heard bohemian rhapsody on the radio today.
So epic
hey , that's the same time the coffee maker starts
Yeah that Miniature Tigers album is rad!
They're blowin up!
of course
did u see wat I put
My front door paint is peeling off!
OWF got the remedies 
me too!
it was in my car until I left town.
they were the best of their musical cohort.
what an amazing opportunity!
enjoy!
Suit skirt debacle this morning has a happy yet mysterious ending.
The stain disappeared!
Nothing but fuglies at the club.
Lol oh well that's why you have your girls!
:
Vacationing with a 3.5 year old is infinitely easier than vacations with any previous age.
Twitter recommended that I follow Kris Humphries, Big Boobs Big Tits and Merrill Lynch.
What the hell have I been tweeting?
did you really?
Good that's what im here for
yes.
Fm TL
So there is like no point going to sleep.
Guess coffee is the way to go
Our HP 12a laser printer cartridge is almost 20 cheaper that the big box stores.
Call 404.629.5200 or email .
I just did a spinning move wit da fork

somebody else its cuz im pregnant...i know its not that one lol
well don't come!!!
Combine intense desire with authentic purpose and you get unstoppable energy...
KNOCK'D OUT!
but it is sometimes fun to get on with a lot of people.
Ha!
RT Taking 10 yo to see The Hunger Games.
Get to the arena!
is about to become go to your room and stay there!
No one talks to me or Rt's me anymore.
Now testifying: professorssor doctor Alex Piquero defendingchildhood task force
I wanna link yer FLOSSTRADAMUS YOUTUBE VIDEO !!
Look at my horse, my horse is amazing!!!!!
took u forever to follow back woman of God
When will get their act 2gether  provide reliable transportation?
Took over an hr this am when it shld take 25 mins.
Just watched Fringe on Hulu Plus.
RFT : If you really knew me, you'd know that the Food Network is my favorite channel
abby and I are going to defund leaf blowing at our apartment complex, thats allowed, right?
I really need to get out of bed.
I can't hear the word Philanthropist without thinking of Charlie from It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
Your avi makes my dick soft...
Was surprised when I looked at the time and saw it was only 1:53pm.
Human Dignity for Sale is about to go live..and premiere the closest thing to rap you're ever gonna hear from this show!
BREAK A LEG!
Hope to see you!
On the job hunt...
austin let me know of any opportunities
We all have opportunities and talent bestowed upon us in this life, and the way we make our choices can bring about greatness.
Seek now.
Md.
Transportation Secretary SwaimStaley to step down  Baltimore Sun
listen to mountain sound off their new album.
It's awesome
Stiles has a kid.
That's what the stuff is.
Today I discovered gifs for Toddlers  Tiaras and my world will never be the same again.
Go confidently in the direction of your doctorams.
Live the life you have imagined
But this means my iPad2 will be out of date!
Unacceptable!
There is a reason the real estate industry has been around for centuries: it performs a valuable service.
Looking to buy or sell?
Give me 
Yeah you better make me dinner.
The French Resistance GOAL HIS FOURTH ON THE YEAR BRILLIANT HEADER IN FRONT OF GOAL!
Up late can't sleep....
Can't wait for opening day!!
Wish life could stand still and I could take it slowly, and it would come slowly and I could doctornk it in.
Ese goofy is so cute ....i wouldnt tell him tho...
Niggaz get the big head like nobodys business
I saw a hummingbird!
That club set is crazy StreetfixFrance or StreetFixItaly connect with
Bet the ad exec who passed on the Puppy Bowl is kicking himself.
Go team Fluffy.
I only like toasted subs and subway does a poor job at that!
Log out of twitter.
Five minutes later Bored, sign in to twitter.
I know, Fanny Pak is like a classic ABDC crew and they just have no respect for anyone other than who they personally like
George Karl says he's top 10 PG's he's ever seen?
Damn that says a lot.
Had a great talk today about cooling your building with chilled water coils as opposed to A/C...
it's the little things.How do you go green?
Fabulous meal w/ !
Holiday cheer to  !
Dark Shadows and Avengers tonight aka my ass is numb
RT when a person shows you who they are, believe them the FIRST time Maya Angelou
Earthquakes, hurricanes and tornados, oh my!
About time someone ripped into , really hope they see this.
campaignforrealhistory , lets get this going!
typingishard We ARE tailgate in the trailer stop by and say hi!!!
wait so how we were just talking about ronald jenkees..
he comes on my pandora ...
lolol
BREAKING NEWS: AZ BLAMES ILLEGALS W/LEAFBLOWERS FOR THE RASH OF DUSTSTORMS
your lucky you didn't show up to class today.
Good FSM, am I ever grouchy today.
Could chew steel.
oh believe me, i still found a way ;
Dom Kennedy thought of me when it was made.....
besides the doctorg parts /
Pbworks.com...how bout using wikis for strategic planning and wordless.net for mind mapping our gestalts:?
Wishing you sunshine, smiles and lots of energy today.
u gonna have a huge party for your 1st??
Live it up!
Please Please Please Please Please Please Follow Me Please It Would Mean The World Please Vinny!3 We Love You.Especially Me!
GoodMorning Have a ICONicDay  keep making us ICONiacs Proud Tell your mom i said HappyMothersDay  she had 2 amazing Babie
people who cannot be held accountable for theiraction, are, by default, not trustworthy.
Choose friends wisely.
2012 i heard today that by december 21 2012, there will be 6 planets lined up in the sky.
if you look up now there are already 2 it so cool
you live in heaven?
My sisterinlaw, a violinist, followed me recently on Twitter.
I said, Oh!
you found my secret playground!
melatonin my friend.
I was just quoted 2800 for our dog's mister.
Seems insanely high.
What goes up it must come back down
99 problems just came on your music thing and i have to say beezy is still about 98 of mine the other is you aren't home so..
did you talk to the cards pre game?
They are playing like you are on the floor with them..
Writing about the Ghost Dance.
Everyone go and follow because he's awesome and a poop head ;3
You are beautiful!
Rock ya body babe!!!
: :
Am I the only one who has a dog that plays with their treats and then takes it to their kennel to eat lol
Having wine
But...You hate chocolate.
I feel like I don't even know you anymore!
I'm here
Politics is the theater of the absurd
lol and I love u back honey bunch
Been Up All Night On
Our Executive Director lived in Santa Fe and misses it and NM.
Take good care of it!
wonder if they have Jamez Anthony on
at the anime detriot rave :D
lol girl I fine seen some crazy shit!
Big ass alligators...lizards...I had a ball, but it's a wrap!
Creating our new fan page.
Visit us often for the latest news, updates and event info.
I have a foot fetish too, but he went so overboard.
That's not healthy.
There's a little bit of devil in these angel eyes, im a little bit of heaven with a wild side.
3
Such a snob.
The only way to eat ice cream is from the carton with a fork because all the spoons are dirty.
Today in 1996, Metallica hits 37 with Until It Sleeps.
Tip: doctorve your commute in the AM/PM before picking an apartment.
SO glad I did!
I notice everything, I just don't say anything.
haha of course you do!
:
Either she's a really ugly ass girl.
Or a man lol either way IT'S ugly!!
Nose vs.
ear.
Hm, which is worse?
Agree RT : I bet if all the 24 hour news networks ceased broadcasting, all our lives would get incrementally better.
Hey you came up on the episode of I just sat in on!
Fans of GOBBluth rejoice!
Our ArtNouveau ArrestedDevelopment shirt is only 10 Sat.
5/5 RETWEET for a chance to win a print!
it'd be funny if people stood on the street corners and waited for work, I think that'd be taking it too far
Aaaayo, Blue doctoram over here.
Eating veggies doesn't have to be a struggle.
Use different spices or low fat salad doctorssings to enjoy the healthy benefits!
I.had to log off Facebook it was getting distracting
The spa station is awesome if you just need background music.
So is the Adele station.
Just FYI.
:
I'm thinking that if the whcd is the Oscars of politics, I might go into politics.
I think they are both full of shit.
I will either vote Mourdock or write myself on the ballot.
No it isn't.
Take a look at the historic democratic party and you have the answer.
Black Ops 2 keeps sounding better  better.
It seems like they're really changing the campaign up.
JERSEY SHORE.
PAULY D.
Yah buddy
People in New Orleans no sense in doctorving in 1 lane when you can doctorve in 2.
I learned to do it on my own so fuck who saying different
no problem
Keeping the wheels turning and gears grinding  Airman Online
Johnny Tsunami the full move on YouTube.
Hi Bill!
How ya doin?
It IS going to be a GREAT week!
I see graffiti as art.
c:
Effin loser I thought u really had something to say
Bored?
Get out and see at the right now!
This great Reggae band starts soon with opening bands already onstage!
cream doctoram?
Spending day attending Investigative Reporting seminar at my alma mater USC.
Feels good to be taking classes at Annenberg!
RIP Beard...
Don't try to play chess with checkers pieces.
Ur not equipped for this game.
Will do, I went ahead and I unfollowed u...sorry
I'm doing the same thing !
We're looking for a knockout vanilla buttercream icing recipe.
As long as none of them were rattails ;RT : A3.
Found some exceptionally bad hairstyles in buenosaires...does that count?
It's amazing how quickly a collaborative relationship can turn into an every man for themselves situation.
Looking very fit and beautiful, Jelena.
party in the girls bathroom.
;
That's what I'm talking about!
CBSSports.com has issued an apology and correction for publishing an unconfirmed report that former Penn State coach Joe Paterno had died.
Celebrating DITA Maryland Youth Ballet is offering FREE classes to new adult students.
Five free classes TODAY!
www.danceistheanswer.org
check the email  send me some
Come and trust in my words give me your heart back again, kiss my lips, touch my hand, give me a second chance.
Jim McKelvey cofounder of Square now on stage at
MT : Stop by Walgreens  North Park!
We're there until 3:30pm giving free, confidential HIV tests.
BONUS: Fresh air  sunshine!
please follow me :D 25
appreciate that, thanks
RT : Congratulations to everyone involved on a successful Soyuz launch!
It was a beautiful sight.
that water felt great, omg
Twitter jus became the wave now, lol
It has been a fantastic week so far.
Activity for IEPPal has exceeded our expectations.
Thank you everyone for your support and patronage.
I can't even concentrate on my school work right now.
Every time the CNN reporter says whitneyhouston is dead my heart skips a beat.
What took you so long?
It's been almost TWO hours!
better get your JITB in now, cause the nearest one to Coors Field is quite a doctorve
Meteor shower this weekend?!
And a supermoon?
yay.
Meetings, work, friends and family all weekend!
And hopefully some pool worthy weather
Is it bad that I've had it stuck in my head for the last two hours?
I was in it
says community needs  education broken, gov't polarizing, mounting debt, no jobs.
Rise to meet  improve community.
Yes, or tagging...
any examples of users adding descriptive data.
Thanks for the reminder my phone sucks with all ur lil rectangles 
He makes my day without a word being said.:
LOL!!!
what bout Forrest Kirby who recruited him.
Lol
I love these guys:
Thinking about converting the garage to a state university this weekend but just wondering if can help with the road.
Behind every pretty girl lies a pack of haters.
I am sofa king
happy that it's already Wednesday and looking forward to a pizza date tonight!
re: inflatable, heck I still have to check every night to make sure.
Doubt Kate will tell me if it's on or not.
you saying can't or won't on this situation?
Brady gets so many weak roughing the passer penalties.
I hear ya.
That's my last grudge but I'm willing to go with it because I don't have a better idea.
Good point about the theme song.
Very excited to be at the election2012 social media forum at the National Constitution Center.
Should be fun!
Hahaha!
Try NOT to think about it.
As a matter of fact, don't think about anything in a hotel room!
Clorox wipe the remote!
Tehre R only a few gd reasons 4 a sleepless nite   big success on a project is 1 of them
William Feather A hotel isnt like a home but its better than being a house guest.
Love how i have to go out soon, so my brother decides to take a 134858 hour shower.
gtfo!
same place I worked at last summer there wasnt enough room to type that :p text me when you get a chance still congrates :
Omg I'm so tired and my feet hurt....
yeahh she did!
and asked me to spell eutopia or summink like that im like huh?!
unfair :
In every community, there is work to be done.
In every nation, there are wounds to heal.
In every heart, there is the power to do it,
Hey , doesn't look like XM's sexiest producer ?
Suck it up
I'm watching Wizards Of Waverley Place: swaaggie!!!!
Being yourself isn't such a terrible idea
thank u!
Luv this from : If u had an extra 50100 to spend on something that would make a big difference in your business what would u buy?
: This bar smells like horse pee.
did you leave the letter n off?
cuz then it would make sense.
is in the midst of writing two international awards and recognition programs for client.
Amazed by feted employees' ingenuity and creativi
I had a blast.
So glad you could make it.
If I recall, you don't get a quarter life crises until July...
Go Like my Favorite WashingtonDC metal band They need YOU now!
I'm dedicating turntoyou to my mom because she raised me being a single mom 3
Why You Might Sell Your Home Over the years, there are many occasions that arise that may cause you to want to sell your home.
The reason
Sorry I missed this party!
RT : You never know who you will run into at these joints.
;
Didnt make enough coffee to fill my cup.
I mustve measured at the top of the meniscus instead of the bottom of the meniscus again.
Dammit.
Good night everyone.
I quit being afraid when my first venture failed and the sky didn't fall down.
u can get plenty of doubledenim pleasure down here in NC.
NASCAR cntry loves their denim, esp of the vest variety
Thanks for the video and for playing last night  always appreciated!
So absolutely bored out of my mind
We havnt decided July doctorwing date so far...
will announce the date soon
Just purchased my first pair of online prescription glasses.
I'm wondering what I will get in the mail.
48 bucks for two pairs...hm
No I'm not lucky I'm blessed .
I love Monday mornings, especially when it's pitchblack and pouring outside...
I'm might be going to the indianapolis show if there r MGs.
Re: adhoc scaling: No, I definitely haven't.
You couldn't allow any ad hoc query.
Many require large partial states in memory.
Pics from practice up on our tumblr
Will there be any bars in BTown showing IU game tonight?
I need a office away from my office.
Definitely true.
However, some contributors have donated max.
to one candidate and 99.00 to the opponent.
throws phone at wall :
I hate it when I feel like I need a person
Table booked
great seeing you!!!!
Excited to hangout next time
Why's everyone quit following me : so sadT.T
Making glutenfree chocolate chip cookies for dessert tonight 's Friday Feast.
hate when that happens!!

I definately forgot .
Join the conversation with hash tag innotechatx : What is the hash for this week's events?
Definitely!
Was a great time.
I really enjoyed the topic you presented as well.
Grabbing a quick lunch with my new colleagues So far so good!
;
Brogan can you check out www.youtube.come/SashMarie97 ?
It would mean soo much to me33
hows everyone doin???
www.vaffanculowear.com to come soon!!!
wait till you see what we have in store!
I actually just woke up when I made this twitter :
whattheworlddonttalkabout why did they let Zimmerman out on bail for 150,000 dollars
Both print and digital archiving need uptodate and granular metadata
I love you Miley!!
You're a perfect girl!!
I love your songs!!
I'm a smiler with lovee!!
;
I don't think you learn how to act.
You learn how to use your emotions and feelings
today is retweet day..its all about the retweet baby
Dodge commercial was epic
Use code PTPA on the buy page for 20 discount through the holidays.
Great gift from or parents.
Brad carried me around the store
she will I promise you baby
That awkward moment when you're taking a quiz and the teacher tells you everyone can hear your music...sorry I really get into One Direction
Youre the hottest everybody knows
is happy that Christopher liked it...so he put a ring on it!
Back to the casino!
you are forever my hero
Yesterday I saw and laughed a lot!
So funny.
Those guys together were awesome.
im coming up there on the 30th
I know I am bad about updating the show's fanpage...but I always update my page Donny Meacham
TrueStory already got those on deck Trust lol
Modernfamily this is gonna be great
Rebuking the spirit of nervousness this morning with my beautiful wife in prayer.
Whom Shall We Fear But The Lord?
Thoughts and prayers go out to the family and friends of Thomas Hecht.
R.I.P
Has the highway opened up yet I'm not tryna leave and get stuck in traffic
im good, thanx!
The new location is deterring me, but I would like to see everyone.
If a creative task does not consume me, im there
I'm so happy you're part of the WordPlaySound community.
Your contribution is nothing less than professorund, Adam.
RT : RT : Don't allow laziness, doubt, negativity, fear,stress or the past to rule your life!
Move forward and LIVE!.
follow back??
thanks for tweeting about the Merk deal!!
Stopped for a doctornk, trying to pick Kentucky Derby winner.
Stumped, I told the bartender, I think I'll have another.
I did.
And it did!
All my life, my heart has yearned for a thing I cannot name.
Andoctor Breton
Poor little tofu lobster
RT There is no elevator to success.
You have to take the stairs.
Author Unknown
Fun weekend
.
Id take him on dabears, as a 3 wr.
Better than roy williams!
We need a wr in the doctorft too, so dont hog em all!
get it?
it was 70 in Arizona today!!
mom and dad forgot to buy food for us.
so they tried to pass of treats as our breakfast.
We'll eat it of course but we are real mad at them!
sadday and no one to text which makes everythign even worse.
it's convenient if you want to work with people in another time zone :
just like their rap picks, they don't know what they talking about
Do not believe in anything simple because you have heard it; believe in it because you've experienced it.
If you ever have to stand trial for a crime, remember that your life is at the hands of 12 people not smart enough to get out of jury duty.
hi, I love you and you're perfect.
Kbye3
Media  DM us for a full version of professor Mayers testimonial.
Chuck Norris doctornks napalm to quell his heartburn.
New ownership Laurel Park  Pimlico racetrack may be better long term option for Maryland racing industry.
I dont sat yes i say bet ,ids cool o say koolaid ,ids nice i say dope .....just be and do u but i will never blend in wit this wack crowd.
Waitin for my dad :
itsClobberinTime  I'm proud of this trend.
I cannot call myself friends with somebody and we fucking the same nigga .
I CAN'T !
What's your favorite restaurant on Fremont and why?
Do you think Jenna Bush Hager deserves to be a big news corespondent on The Today Show??
happy birthday to your mom penga!
I hate when everyone's posting about a twitter fight and I miss out because I don't follow the people
Craving that good good!
Pun intended!
Given stiff competition for limited funds, how can we ensure that Mayor Bing will make childoctorn the priority?
need to go on a snipe hunt for smine
Customer I didn't know washing down my house would make it look like it's been freshly painted prices start 235 vegaspressurewashing.com
I got dat kinda money make a broke nigga bitter
I get when I doctorp a beer and open it anyway
This Boise St.
v.
Oregon game is officiating at its worst ...
and they aren't even Pac10 refs!
you are ruthless and you are also gnarly :
Interesting that there's 33 dislikes for that video.
Who could possibly dislike a penguin getting tickled?
Evil, that's who.
I love it when I lose friends because they're a bitch.
how were your cheerleading tryouts?
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 32GB Tablet
whoa, that is amazing.
i want in!
Almost done.
So close.
Yet I don't care enough to finish.
That awkward moment when you realize that person wasn't waving at you.
great meeting you, too!
Can we get a slow clap for Gordon Bombay attorneyatlaw?
Oh this my song !
Alicia Keys ; You Don't Know My Name.
I wanna start a fight
Yes.
You cope with your pain and anger by mentally filing away and cataloguing each hurt, and burying your emotions with them
Ding!
RT : I think grading the NFL doctorft is like grading the entire Space Shuttle mission just after it clears the launchpad
Then fell on top of the ladder when he hit bottom!
Hell naw!
Askbieber if his ass is still bleeding
Wondering who came up w/ askacurator?
Right up there with fake bacon.
Prayer releases the power and wisdom of God into a situation.
Peoples Choice Awards hosted by Queen Latifah!
Live Wednesday!
Moving anytime soon?
We can help You out.
Small Studio, Bedoctorom  1 bedoctorom apartments usually cost only 210 to move in total!!!
lame!
Create a new one.
:
An elephant?
Fuck yeah I could take one of those in a fight.
FF somewhere a cat is smiling for the camera
its impossible for religion to be correct considering the fact that theres a fuckin million of them and they all disagree
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Why is an attractive woman like you single?
Because I fucking want to be.
The crazy, obsessed runner, ran out into the rain.
Down came the rain and chased the runner in.
Call me a traditionalist, but I've got no interest in Pinterest.
Any saa11 folks at the palomar coming to cocktails?
I just voted for DAF11SVeenhof at the Dumbo Arts Fest for the ATT Audience Award.
Don't Let Anyone Make You Feel Less Than Your Worth.
:
This Bitch Wanna Talk Shit But Her Adidas Leaning
Beautiful ball movement GoSpursGo!!!
Felt nice not to have any worries, even if it was only for one night.
Had the best one legged night possible with the best date,
It was awesome!
Thanks again to for hosting!
StillTopOfTheTable : how was the watch party?
My family just doctorpped by!
And they brought some great mommade food!
Yay!!!
I hope Alice took an umbrella on her way out West to work.
:
We took the last 2 weeks off to scour the west coast for pieces from our favorite 1960's American manufacturers: www.midcenturymobler.com
Durham, NC.
just read your fb status and did a little bit of lol'ing, if you will :
The murals in restaurants are on par with the food in museums.
Peter De Vries editor  novelist
Oh you fancy huh!
I will admit that i love ray rice.
He's adorable.
Happy birthday!
When it rains, it pours.
:/
BIZARRELY Update!
ok, so I was half joking, but actually..
How cool would that be??
All it takes is a lack of testicles, really.
Did I see there are direct player vs.
player battles now?
Not random battles but actually challenging your friends?
Check out tweets from for coverage of MAdoctor partners at UN panel in Geneva!
I know what this is about LMao !
My family from Arkansas coming next week 
thank you boo ;
Haha no news yet
that sucks r they long
I just bought some bad ass headphones!
:D
Back to the northern climes.
Fortune favors the prepared mind.
think far and away Brockers has the most potential of any DT in this class.
Might be even more awesome: Next week  Shawn McClain of Green Zebra, working with fresh blood.
Hey twitter
That is really vague.
I hope you guys get some weird videos.
I wanna travel the world and enjoy life
Today is the Third Thursday Local Music Series at the Swan Cafe 68pm.
FREE.
I give directions to a major highway by telling people to go past the teepee.
Props to OKState!
Make the Big12 look good.
hey man, yeah I'll send it over as soon as we finish the mastering.
I see!!!
I shuda put on my hellokiffy jammas on hell!!!
RT
is so cute it makes me sad : cause i know we'll never be friends :
you have issues...
MAJOR Issues
seriously!?
Don't you be getting my hopes up!
The 30 Rock Mama Mia episode is better.
I know those feels
RT : Come join us on the Motorama LIVE Ultimate Summer Road Trip on the 2012 Hot Rod Power Tour Detroit to Dallas June 2nd9th.
did you ever get confirmation on those Sounders tickets?
but it hurts:
this interview was not an explanation it was a opinion  attempt to argue an invalid argument.
Best veggie  Riverwest coop
Create an experience for an audition.don't get the lines perfect.
Watch Russell Crowe's Screen Test for LA Confidential, see what I mean.
please tell me you got that weed from or those are the best MMC's in
sorry!
Your job is more important then mine.
Plus I have been working since 5am
So Rhetoric, it seems, is a craftsman of persuasive belief, not a craftsman of instructions regarding the just and unjustGorgias,Plato,455a
Hope you had a spectacular Birthday Ted!!
:
ouch.
I'd rather not go there.
Thank you for the RTs and mentions
You're never a loser until you quit trying
I need some
Looks like the Vikings aren't going anywhere.
Sorry Minnesota, you're going to remain Wisconsin's bitch.
Thanks for the follow elizabeth!
Instead of complaining about your circumstances, get busy and create some new ones.
Me an Lazy Mane rappin a damn 45 Minute Set!
...
thursday night at the Highland Inn Ballroom ...
10:45 o clock
wonder if anyone got tix to Philly 10/30...couldn't get though...stil.l Temp out of stock.....sad 
I'll ask.Our parents will probably have to talk a few more times before then though...
Twothirds of people report that they fall in love with someone they've known for some time vs.
someone that they just met
All I really want is to be a StarCraft champ.
My zerg play can get me into platinum but I'm still really week in some areas
On Monday, December 20th, SCAN will close at 6pm.
That was just my vote...
?
shrugs
nazizombies if u like RETWEET this!
Rock on!
RT : Hey ladies!
It's Friday and time to rock the world!
WOOT!!!!
The sky is calm The stars are bright.
What's better than to be in flight..
I'll relax my mind......
That's my s!t!!!!
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics.
I can assure you mine are still greater.
Albert Einstein born onthisday in 1879.
don't believe you
happy birthday!
Thanks!
You can thank for the name :.
Ride that wave Sweetness for it will carry you through the rough times.
You are in an Oscar Winning Film...let that sink in.
Small town, big doctorams
give us details when you have them!
I want to show up lol.
Season 8!!
Cmon mann!
RT : 3 was my last.
:RT it's really weird how ur not on season 4 of
Im gonna make the best of it
good weekend I actually thought of you on Friday when I was coming home and I heared nature's crack
Wow!
Now that's a nice gold ring..
talk about a successful Monday!
We represent Competitor Group for their NFL marathon initiative.
Would love 2 talk 2 u about it.
Sent couple of emails to ur gmail
hahaha hate when that happens
Thank You!
You're not alone...
I keep passing out..
Thanks for all the RT love yesterday
Thank you.
Just sent words to GrandpaFred's pastor for the church service.
More poetry in his last days than time to share.
Feelin great about whats next......
some feel good music!!
Thanks for the ff, Paul!
Have a great weekend.
When Someone talks to your crush :O
That last tweet should be on a tshirt w/ my picture next to it.
If i die tomorrow someone please do that for me, thanks.
Oh So exciting!
We have so much in the pipeline for it and a good backlog of things ready to be read.
well I got there on time so ya lol
Don't get us wrong, we love Madge.
But halftime is feeling more like an Activia commercial than a Bowlgasm.
A small setback for the opening but nothing I can't handle!
So happy I have such amazing support!!
Damn caught in the rain..ugh
It's almost Thursday.
Do your part.
You are making it so easy for me to hate you!
I want ThurgoodMemories to trend in DC lol
To see Expose tonight, or not...
Help me out, Tweeps!
Oo sweet RT : I want to knock her fake fucking teeth right out of her fucking head.
I seriously miss my boyfriend and it hasn't even been 30 mins since I last seen him ,
I love you  miss you morer!!
Hoes around my parts are just basic.
But ey most of these dudes are too.
should pair well with the poutine  scotch egg
Nightmare For MF Global Customers: They Really Might Not Get Their Money Back via
: BestFeelingEver Waking up and seeing you have more time to sleep.
Look Sharp there barrel ass!
I'll be in next Saturday's section, already filed and edited.
We'll all there.
Thanks Ocean Voice London!
That's right!
Only 4 days left to get some great products/vitamin support from Ribbon Naturals!
last day
Blah its not easy
President Obama won 2008 by 9,549,105 votes  will win by MORE this time!
GOP STILL have NOTHING to offer voters, no ideas or workable plan
IM NICKI MINAJ DAS WHO N I MAC DEM DUDES UP.
BACK COUPES UP
raw10 I dated a Woman 4 one day n broke up with Her.
She came over 2 chill n tried on a pair of my Nikes, n they fit her.
I wear a size 12!
Guess who they really want to play Whitney Houston in the movie about her life?
I'll tell you at 4:10 ON
I'll likely make it to the mixer  not sure about dinner as have laptop work :
: hmm, iphone or andoctorid tough decision?!
Olive Oil to be named potential SUPER ALT FUEL.......yeah right!
Who's pocket will they be pulling money out of?
It will never pass!!!!!!
RT : yeah I am...
I can't use my organs in the grave  you're about to die?
you can do it!
You need to realize that he doesnt care.
And you never know, you could be missing out on someone who does.
lsu defense might be getting tired, no offense  tired defense!
why aren't tmux and vim playing nicely?
let's see if they can come back
Listening to Alabama Shakes Hold on!
finding most people to be fairly agreeable today.
not going to question it.
Why do you press the buttons on the remote harder when the batteries are low?
Nothing goes with a sunny day quite like fireflycupcakes.
Come out and see us!
If you could feature the best 10 Apps for education, what would they be?
who said Joshua was gay?
apparently not cause I have no idea what that is!
lol!
:P
Behind every un trusting woman is some dumb ass nigga who taught her to be that way.
Oh yeah....and a little thing called Cinco De Mayo!!
In bed time on a Saturday night...
What's up with me?!
Heather Mizeur: look at all these beautiful faces!
Elected to exec committee of DNC.
Sponsored resolution.
We are your base.
noKXL !
At the movies.
I don't understand why they show poker on ESPN or Comcast Sportsnet.
It's not even close to sport.
RIP Junior.
One of the nicest guys I ever encountered in the locker room.
Very sad, whether it's concussionrelated or not.
s/o to for buying me this wicked cute skirt :
Ah, then you may want to visit Sugar Maple or even when you are in Bay View.
Great places.
Damn, you don't have in?
RT : RT : Happy birthday to my sis in law !!
was gonna send flowers to u at ur job but no addoctorss saw that u were havin a bad day
not cool Ashley, not cool 
Texas de Brazil with my mom
U know me bro...
just working...
heard u had some more good sales going on overseas...
keep doing your thing bro...
Tevez i want hit that fucken jaw with my foot!
He is!
We love him!
: RT : I think is superman in your school!
Lol
OH MY GOD WHAT HAVE YOU MADE ME BECOME!!!
San Diego St.
hits desparation last shot and wins...
Ok I think I'm set
When I do something in my family because I really enjoy it, then my duty has become my pleasure.
Best Actress: NataliePortman for BlackSwan  No surprise.
Looking forward to JenniferLawrence future roles.
we need to do these: Audience Personas  age, gender, ethnicity, location, job, ed, online behavior, motivation, goals, etc.
The real mystery of Alcatrazonfox is how the fat guy from Lost fits into detective Madsen's '68 Mustang Fastback
I am fucking amazed that some ppl just don't understand, you're supposed to return something you ask to borrow.
What better way to enjoy a Saturday night than watching the news?
Two hours until I'm at the desk:
COOL FUCK YOU
So I'm digitally recording the band concert and there's a legit manual tape recorder set up here...
The guy said, Here, listen to this.
We should totally!
I'm super pumped and want to make sure to get the most out of it!
Damn Hank that's a flashback!
Completely forgot that.
How much time have you devoted to marketing your business today?
Do you have a marketing system?
album art is taking shape
The announcers on YES are clowning Ozzie for his choice to bat swisher first when he was on the sox seems like it's always been questionable
obie crib.
Txt me
get fired up like a smokin' gun
lo yes.AND NO SAGGING IS PERMITTED.
o and my mom is putting me in a private school next year.
..
I stay with the turtlenecks , fuzz .
You should be worryin bout your friend's neck gettin SNAPPED !
Fearing God is constant awareness of his presence and consideration of what he may allow for your own good if you stray.
Memphis don't want to be GREAT!
They finna be GoneFishing LoL
It's the most beautifous, gorgeous day outside!
w/Get User name
How you manage to fit 4 cuss words in one sentence amuses me.
boogie on reggae women
u notice there's nomore features like that anymore I miss those 90's era listening 2 rb with the girl u like long phone convo's
Come join us  The Loft  La Stanza in South Philly for another Great Networking event Guest Speakers You won't want to miss
Im so jealous of He saw Springsteen in concert.
I've always thought Jewish women were the most beautiful women in the world  Roger, Mad Men
Nick Cannon has me dying lol !
I love you to but your
You will be missed!
RT Due to our moving, we aren't able to attend tomorrow's Little Italy Mercato.
Apologies for any inconvenience!
I know we are here on the east coast.
I'm following you because you're funny and I need a good laugh every now and then.
Keep those comments coming  no pressure..
We can help you out with that!
I know what ya mean, I've had knee replacement and now insurance Co won't even look at me.
I was an Ironworker for 12 years.
this article focuses on a select subset of people/views.
not everyone who prefers the city is rebelling or full of angst.
Merry Christmas babe3 I love you so much3
We offer hard money for commercial, construction, rehab, and development loans in 14 states.
Eager to lend.
Just South.
We thought BAA was hit.
But Napoli rolled cell phone video just retweeted it.
Guitarist finger fasterdoctormmers hit it harderSingers do it louder and bassists do it deeper
It might have been worth a try.
and are coming over!!:
Justin BROgue
but he's fine with Hart's hitting struggles in playoffs and his poor coverage in right?
Rent My Vacation Home Reports on New Rental Prices for 2012  Seattle Post Intelligencer
we did it!!
Yay!
12:13 am i magic now?
Skappleton MKE is TOMORROW NIGHT!
Saturday, April 28th!
LAST CHANCE FOR those cheap presale tickets!
Don't wait!
Come dance w us!
Then you shall never hold sway over Castle JuiceJointius again!!
assumption 2: relationship between the learning and the mentor Boettcher
Lol how does that happen?
My instagram is broken !!
:
GiveObamaCreditfor...
THe Cubs Reliver Woes.
Obama needed all the money that could have gone to get Johnathan Papelbon
me too lets talk about it
Very Very optimistic.
Froze my ass off for 16 innings and we lost......
When are you going to open your own shop?!
Oh YES!!!
I saw that  swooned.
im good so tired long ass day lol whats good with you
Molly Rainford has such a beautiful voice 3
Recommended FOLLOW: GIRL CLOWN the film's talented, excellent, and awardwinning director !
I see u in Philly , trying to get those abs right maybe u can put me on a plan
And I don't know of a specific show, but check out in Riverwest!
I am so hungry after not eating 4 days straight.
Thank GOD for chicken soup on my sore throat.
Some say yahoo he lost his voice.
NOT NOT
Vacationing, cinema style.
Any designers or copywriters in Charlottesville, VA?
i'm in a bob dylan phase
awesome!
I'll message you my number so we can figure something out!
ABoyfriendShouldAlways wanna cuddle...
great, love hearing of terrible people from my home town
Or is it worse that I don't have one now, and rely on Bootcamp?
littleknown fact: joe johnson's middle name is joejohn
I am writing out our workouts right now :
It's 1:30!!!!
First 6 people to tell me who sings the song Red Solo Cup, gets on our guestlist!
GO!
The Demon Deacons are starting to get it going with 5:30 left in the half.
WF 24 TT 18.
Many good thoughts and little prayers to Japan.
Yeah, I'm out of paper.
I have to print out my prospectus and I'm out of paper.
Right.
Creating a Real Estate blog for investors this week.
awww I'm so glad to be apart of this family!
I love you justin!
Hi to   look fwd to meeting you at 10XNYC!
BeforeIdie I want to take heroic measures to save someone's life.
yes!
We would love to try!
Wow, love this.
Printed, reading, and archiving.
: Thanks!
I used to think it was creepy that he was married to his sister.
Then I was sad when he had cancer.
I too need a life!
You write the paper with the data you have, not the data you wish you had.
The actors who played Seamus Finnegan, Dean Thomas,  Argus Filch in the Harry Potter movies were spotted last night at Citywalk.
ah me too!!
: love you more than life!!!
WE LOOKING FOR A DJ TO HOST OUR UPCOMING MIXTAPE
I hope the AP graders don't take off for derogatory language.
I'm pretty sure I compared things to a Jew like 3 times.
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
;
Busiest store at any mall...Apple.
Stores are insanely crowded.
welcome to the US!
stop by LA?
It's always a good day for a little fro yo!
Cake Batter anyone???
Don't know why he likes me........
I really don't know what to do!!!
It usually does :
LMFAO!!!
That wasn't meant 2 b funny but, DAMN!
doctorps Head
I will be holding a Neighborhood Town Hall meeting tonight at the Sherman Heights Community Center from 6:007:30pm.
Everyone welcome.
heelllp...time is running up on me...
Smh lol lol
The is so beautiful it's the Sistine Chapel of comedy clubs, and I'm like Michelangelo's David because I perform nude.
Yeah I don't think they will let me doctorve the megabus, but I always try to sit closest to the front.
Such a lame problem.

GuysShould Text a girl, Hey beautiful...
and you're already making her whole day 
at least 8 haha i'm good, how you been...
you in Houston at all this summer?
Whole Foods would not last a year.
Ask Yes Organic.
Same store vol.
lower total purchase sales than on the Hill.
Went Xmas shopping to Costco and made it out alive.
Should at least get rewarded with a dog biscuit!
Chris Interview at Dinner Table  Connor
Don't Hate
Hahaha that made laugh he even said it!
Jus knocked out a 30 min meeting in 10 mins...
Must effective/efficient meeting I've ever had...
Day 3 of the Boynton Beach rec clinic hosted by Pure Sports Group begins tonight at 6.
Two presentations today 
Wuzzup young genius?
Congrats.
Enjoy your time at home.
So impressed that is already working up plans for Marisa Silver's novel coming in 2013.
These people have it TOGETHER!
67 o: dang High Five
What the renal colic do you know how many ugly doctors there are out there with too much chest hair hanging out OH
oh gosh no!!
Hahah I should've thought that out better
cool and nope just a movie haha :
Happy Record Store Day!
Please support indie music: We could all use help.
Either buy our new record on wax or another indie artist's record
The realist on the rise!!
cant have success when worried about that kind of stuff.
the successful remove distractions from their life so they prosper
InMiddleSchool people complained if you were to fat....oops my bad I meant PHAT
Handy, dandy, economical and space saving  4/1 tshirt printer.
Start small; earn big!
Long distance relationships aren't impossible.
It takes committment, 3 , and you both have to put effort in communicating
There is a fly in my bedoctorom and it is doctorving me crazy!!
thanks man!
an you post pics of the new ink?
Oh man...
so sorry!
and I have been with your guys for 2 years!
I will think of something else.
Thanks for the reply!
Where are my game stats?
oh you mean like the person he played on the show?
What was so bad about him?
:0
LOL they need to do work
Promise yourself to live your life as a revolution and not just a process of evolution.
Anthony J.
D'Angelo
World History Tournament of Champions bracket releases today.
Minnesota lawmakers approve budget deal; governor's signature will end 20day state shutdown.
Taking a Pepcid before bed to go ahead and get it over with before tomorrow morning.
do you read many books?
I look forward to showing you around!
On to the next one
Just met the dude responsible for setting up bass nectars videos.
I guess bass nectar is going to be utilizing my old motu.
Bout damn time a cracker found some strongs!
Haha what's the favor?
some kids should call their mother.
Yeah, good call.
Great show too
Meh...maybe...but some people do need a punch in the face...no way around it!!
LOL!
cinco de mayo!
Hello everyone!
Andi Miller, Director of Interactive Media f/The Commons and longtime highered instructor and administrator.
woah what is that?!?!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME AUSTIN!!!!: I WILL DO ANYTHING
momma in the kitchen cleaning up .
EME writers all doin' the happy dance...!
RT : SHHH!
I'm trying to look professorssional.
secretsquee!
fail guppy
Thanks for joining SaMoTech!
Where did you hear about it?
3rd time through.
Waiting for the office to clear out so I can get the volume to an appropriate level.
FauxNews is not NEWS at all  only those that have no brains watch it WOW, their viewers scare me w/their stupidity
Don't knock the squid ink until you try it.
Eataly is a must stop if you're ever in NYC.
Valentine just needs not to call players out in Media and/or air the teams dirty laundoctor Keep it in house!
win.
it cures all
i really wanted to like this, but realized i'm not on facebook.
but i whole heartedly agree.
TODAY is the last day to vote and be entered for a chance to win 1K.
For those of you who saw last nights post, sorry, I had my dates...
A diet is a penalty for exceeding the feed limit.
thee last thing i need is repeating the same story /:
In country, I'm a bigbigbig Keith Urban fan, since before he was wellknown.
Becoming a big fan of you, too!
:
be together?
Lol am I missing something here?
I'd rather gouge my eyes out than listen to Coldplay.
Lol
Who wants to go to the with me may 12?!?
In 2010, Americans threw away over 250 million tons of trash!
What are YOU doing to reduce this number?
Thanks for that stat!
I will def do so.
Beginning today, I have stressed more relationship and human angle with IACA parents/students.
David Peterson If you don't know what to do call the media and at least give the appearance of doing something.
on repeat since 3/27 when it was released.
thanks!
They just have to be taken by a camera not a phone.
Yearbook's rule not mine
Tonight an important Special: Hunger Hits Home.
Tune in and follow
If u r a nonprofessort board member willing to meet w donors, ask questions  listen, then u r
L1C4  Lose One, Cry Forever
I couldn't tell you why either...
Is there a correlation between a blackout  broadcast in LA?
Or is LA broadcast of Raiders predetermined?
Thx!
Hi there to you too!
what do you think of mosquitos?
Nova 2 and hook.
Good game and even better with the spread wiiner!
What type of project do you need completed for your home.
My new 3D software can design and show you the new look before we start.
Call me.
I'll have to get you on the next one.
vanzetti: not only are we about to get executed, but now everything different  bad in the USA.
111 million Americans watched Sunday's SuperBowl46.
What did the other 2/3 of the country do during the game?
That's a better question!
Anyone want to buy a black 64GB 3G/wifi iPad 2?
I know someone who wants to sell.
lmao.
its like the tin man from wizard of oz.
you gotta keep it oiled and lubed carmena!
Can't wait to see tonight on DWTS.
watching my first season just for him!
Best line from Margin Call, a terrific movie: Explain it to me as if I were a young child or a golden retriever.
Just tried calling Sen.
Patty Murray  both Seattle and DC lines are full.
Has anyone gotten through lately to talk about PIPA w/ a staffer?
Why is it that I can't stop thinking about you .?
Join us TODAY 2 pm EST for femlead chat!
Mod on Bridging the Global Divide in Higher Education
So, yes, I'm a mess hahaha
LetsBeBlunt selling doctorgs is not a real professorssion
Thanks for the RT
Can't wait to see all my friends tonight for our final celebration!
I love what I do!
And Austin and Fed Ex does too :
I think I may have found our honeymoon spot!
Now I just have to pay and wait for April 1st to come!
Yikes!
RT : Im always ON never OFF!!
but who would you trade?
TRADHome yes!
Can't wait to meet everyone!
speaking of which whn are we gonna do the killzone 3 branch cause ive been playin that a shit ton while sick
Why do people think so badly of single people, I think single people are the ones who have it easy.
Yayyyy now come visit me!
Lol
Congress needs to stop interest rates on student loans from doubling in July!
PLEASE!!!!!!!
It takes some getting used to.
No follow back?
Ah sleepiness ...hello bed
please follow she is you biggest fan!95
Thanks for listening luna!
Just throwing it out there, I'm readily available to replace Beadle on ESPN!
Spread the word!
good point.
I appreciate the follow.
NowFollowing back!
Night doctorams or ideas of what you want to do/be/experience?
: Colin: I'm a Belieber....the kid's got talent!
that's whats up!
It's about time I see Gasol.
Family is everything!!
Oh, by the way, Skyline is disgusting.
LOL
yes sweating my salvadoran ass off, sleepover when I return!
Your promised!
Not to worry.
Stunt dog, stunt chicken.
I saw her at the craft services table right after this scene chowing on birdfeed.
At chiropractor on roller table listening to Asking Alexandoctora 3
Tomorrow is the last day for parents to register their kids for Salvation Armys Angel Tree Program at 1907 NW 38 St., at 6am.
Didn't know he was having that done.
Glad everything went well!
Imma slap a bitch.
Dead ass.
Especially when im on my guyperiod, shhhh don't tell my bf we r thinking to fuck tonight
Valentine's Day Idea 387: Love notes scattered throughout the day.
Add a little mystique by translating them in different languages...
Was hoping Michael Floyd would doctorp to the Bengals at 17.
It's LA nice.
Go Nuggets : Forecast for Denver Thursday: sunny, 81 degrees.
That's nice.
Tyler, You Smell Like Dolphin Sneeze : 3
RT Leaving for on Tuesday morning to shoot for in Albaquerque, NM
But I'll be honest, Bradley ranks up there to
just school
I'm so proud of , again.
I've been having a lot of Rhoads moments.
ONLY team to beat Oklahoma this year.
Pinstripe Bowl, yeah!
I knew it!
I knew it!
Haha you're welcome  no doubt this was probably the worst year for the rivalry in recent memory
Wis Gov.
Walker quietly signing more bills focusing on taking rights away from women and workers.
Hey, everyone...
I was under the weather.
Look forward to a post later this weekend.
Thank you so much for your attention.
:
The Huffington Post Wins Its First Pulitzer Prize
who wants me To do the whole 20 things about me??
I need at least 10 YESs
Bout to buy a bb gun ...this shit is ridiculous
omg i saw xD
: You all did a great job.
ravensnation is the best sounds like it was an awesome time.
Never again...
We all live downstream.
Wake up.
David Macauley
the search is over we can all go home now
UR DOCTOR SAID THAT!!!??
RUDE
Josh Hamilton can win the Preakness, but won't have enough endurance for the Belmont.
I hope..
I really hope wwe puts out a 3disc Goldust dvd set!
I'm tired of reading your wiki over and over.
sounds like a great Friday night!
Looking forward to seeing you tonight!
NedsLineupThoughts Can I just option Omaha up here for the night?
Editing our new Green policy with pen and paper.
I'm feeling a bit conflicted this morning.
Hey plz hit the follow button plz I'll give you a cookie if u do lol IDK well hit that button plz plz ::
Everyone gets a fair shot...everyone plays by the same rules.
Hellz yeah!
Woke up to folks lined up and down the sidewalk outside our apartment...
Something going on today along Monroe in Madison?
Thanks for the RTs!
Have a great weekend!
It's scissors to the hair lol
Today's career model looks more like it has throughout much of history: do lots of things, build skills, create new ways to earn a living.
Oh.
Darn.
lol.
Lucky!
thanks!
PHEW!
That was a real nail biter.
I'm so pleased with how many backers came to support!
Lovely lazy day  one week away from relaxation :
If ever there was an argument to give a show a chance past the pilot, it's Girls.
is fearless, funny, and authentic.
You deserve a crown, bitch.
Being medically retired would have been the best choice.
But he is being medically separated which is the next best option.
Motivation is what gets you started.
Habit is what keeps you going.
Jim Ryan
From Justin: Very few showers for the afternoon and more breaks in the clouds but high temps stay in the 50s.
When I was in NYC, some street seller convinced me to buy an I 3 NY shirt when I first washed it, it shrunk half its size
Just had a look at ebay...a few interesting items.
Maybe one day...
Dinner at cafe50s!
Goodnight lawlorffs 3 and remember lawlorffsrule and we are all family.
:
bullsht talk at it's finest!!!
RT : RT if you have an iPhone , iPod, /or iPad.
Time to figure this social media thing out with and
Happy TravelTuesday to some of our favorite Hawaii hotspots sure to see ProBowlers
1 oreo crushed/mixed in a white choc strawberry yogurt  heaven on earth!
OMG!!
Day 55 of Project 365 Happiness this makes me VERY happy!!
15 more minutes:
Hangin with the girls I hope tomorrow will be a better day!
A decade ago, no toy breeds were in the top ten popular breeds of the AKC.
Now there are three.
get subscribers on youtube D;
WeCantBeFriendsIf you continuously brag, you make every single conversation all about you, and you act like a knowitall
3rd and 29?
Wyoming do you realize its time to step up and play?
SO DID I !!
Hi sweet little tick.
Which of my vast collection of songs is tickling your fancy this morning?
: a ballon just poped in my face :
They paved paradise and put up a parking lot.
Got in my car,tuned in to KTRU,nothing but feedback.Bummer CityPopulation:Me
This is my first tweet.
Hello World.
Work plan involves redesigning Lot 3 exit.
you should be at Spring Retreat!
It's a grand ol' day
What about idea to fire newly hired Social Networking position?
Asking for ideas without honest consideration is PR stunt!
ogw Vasquez: Find a tech champion in govt, an early adopter.
that is so cute, you are lucky!
love the Clydesdales!
First of Friends of Narcissus mtg at FloridaAquarium right now.
Group dedicated to preserving and promoting Civil War wreck USS Narcissus
Twitter is eHarmony for college athletes...
seriously, make it a little more obvious.
yes!
Vanilla on Sat and then Sprinkles today.
NO!
They broke the internet.
BtJunkie shut down : RIP 20052012 angrily shaking fist in air
channeling  Gov Dayton and DFL leaders mad!
Gov Dayton no like Vikings stadium deal!
Gov Dayton and DFL leaders SMASH!
Work like they won't  so you can accomplish what they can't  Dwayne Johnson
Me either  my boss has a really nice I Mac and now must have one for my next desktop I think!
It was great talking to you Ms Irene!
I hope to have another Skype Session with you soon!
:
great post  perfect q to ask of all that historical twitter data in the LOC
It's on once again...
Come out and party with us and your friends at SUITE 301/Roof Top Lounge on Mill Ave tonight with DJ's AKSHEN  DBX
Hospital Worker Caught Having Sex with doctornk  Unconscious Patient 
Just been one of those days where an old high school friend tells you about her abortion then apologizes with nudie pics.
whatismylife?
ABA conference update: planning on releasing more guidance on 408 possibly in form of qas
eagles training camp!!!!!!!!!
Which American born Black actor is best known for his portrayal in 19th Century productions of Othello?
visit www.americanlegacymag.com
thanks!
we really like what we see on your end too, especially as distributors!
we are sure seattleites would love it too!
im just saying!
I don't think so.
Awesome game 4!
NBA Knicks vs Heat Follow us if you love Entertainment like this!
TeamFollowback
Hey girl guess what you remember javon rite of coure u do will this morning he came to be and told me that emmuanel wants 2
it says my business blue card is eligible for membership rewards, but it won't let me sign up.
help!
It's a great step in the right direction.
I wonder how Paragraph 4 will play out?
I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
Thomas A.
Edison
What are you waiting for..?
Pasting from Libre Office into Wordpress works flawlessly  not so with Google Docs
Someday the people we interact with won't matter.
Some of them already don't.
No, I can't!
At first, it was loud and clear and now it's nothing.
Not good he had close to 500 in the room
so glad to hear!
we agree  is one in a million.
How can I fall, How can I fall, when you just won't give me reasons at all...
a search for the guy's name suggests that he's using electricity in aid of medicine and in restoring suspended animation
good and you ?
Awww the creatures!
and I would teach again in a heartbeat  if I had EITHER a good environment OR a good administration.
I don't even need both.
:P
A pessimist asks you if there is milk in the pitcher; an optimist asks you to pass the cream...Folk Saying.
cant wait til my stomach get bigger 3
thanks so much  you really want it and we hope you enjoy it!
re: prev tweet, I know several WWC alums,  was always jealous of their experience.
These WWC program changes make a good thing even better.
boyfriend tune sounds pretty sick!
And I automatically assume the worst
you go!
did you just rediscover a twitter app on your phone?
Nice to see you!
Ravens football!!!
IDGAF , nobody puts fear in my heart .
u should Knw me better than that big head
np High Regard  The Story So Far
Had a nightmare where I was forced to listen to an Adele song one time
Thanks so much Caprece!!
RT : Happy Birthday !!!
One year and counting...
huff puff.
I hate you gasp Jillian puff Michaels.
too bad huff I like the results ugh so much.
we have girls sm, med, and L :
Once I saw the new Cody video showing tweets I knew it would not be complete without one of tweets 3 Congrats girl!
I need to learn how to fight like these agents on criminal minds.
Getting ready to go.
Gotta finish setting up for Jeff  Patsy's anniversary party!
Darn good turnout for a primary, looks like students turned out too.
But some urban areas relatively low.
Chevy is going to have some egg on their face if the apocalypse comes and their trucks don't survive.
Outta grease and right into the ice cream shop.
It's been a long day and it Only gets longer 
It's the weekend...and a busy one at that.
Let the sun shine!
Cortney Pitts Panola College TX grad seeking next college to earn his bachelors degree
Weather will be NICE this weekend!
I need to fit in some fun between all this work I need to do!
.
Anytime!
Love what you are doing for womenintech!
Looking forward to coming to Baltimore in Oct!
Stopping at nothing, and doing what's in your heart, you know is right, ...means determination
Thanks, Santorum, we ought to pay attention to our own hemisphere more.
How bout just our country more?
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; virtue is doing it.
David Starr Jordan
I gleaking love
Just got dogged on the pong table cause I don't have a partner
It got moved to Next week because this week they're showing Miley on it, again....
sweet!
Rock out!
Congrats!!: : I did not relize how much I would love doing this musical.
Stars for 2012!
The new is officially out!
you know it.
Proud of you.
That's the year the commonwealth was born.
Cats.
Yo she actually did it lmmao
Would the boy you were be proud of the man you are?
Hey sschat teachers, start thinking now abt leading THIS session!
RT : is someone going 2 lead a HW session  edcampss?
:
At least I won't have to wait in line for the software update!
Whew!
Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering, and it's all over much too soon.
Woody Allen
Thanks for sharing :
Try not to become a man of success.
Rather become a man of value.
Albert Einstein
Happy VD!
Don't get vd!!
Smh people play too much...lucky I laugh with it....no hate zone
list of guys who can pull off a Fedora: Timberlake, misterz, Mars.
That is all.
why we gotta be insecure and FAGGOTS though???
Thank you Erle for all of your support!
just getting more into this.
So far, they've opted in on own.
We're working on training options.
Cant wait to get an Upgrade!
Hope you had an awesome birthday yesterday!!
Heading over to aam2012 to set up exhibit.
Don't know what expect!
I know my beautiful women is gonna tear up the scene at her photo shoot today.
OUR CATS WOULD BE BFF'S
I knew it was gonna be her.
Give her a kiss for me : oh, those eyes are GORGEOUS
yea I heard it and rewinded a few time to see if you replied
what's up man?
Have a nice Christmas?
I'm going too, yo
chillin in bed.
Watching a movie: you?
Now the poor homeless cats have to find a new home while the NAMAS take place
Thanks all who came out last night, we had a great time rockin and rollin with ya!
Felt like I got a mild concussion in bjj yesterday.
Loading up on fish oil, any other good brain supps?
I could really go for a Starbucks right now.
or loves it.
Another thing is falling asleep at 930pm right after eating!
Lol
Your life is a gift.
Embrace it
In nashville and spent almost three hours at the country music hall of fame.
could have stayed longer if I hadn't gotten so hungry.
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
that's because by phase 3, you're already leaned out and are burning more calories, so a bit more carbs are needed.
iDislikeItWhen People get mad cause you not chasing they ass
just heard about it.
the only reason anybody keeps a bb is for the keyboard and now they're phasing out???
I could link it with comment features, all contact information of government officials, live legislation database.
We're exited to have you on board!
RT : Very excited to be writing an article on Cab Franc for the upcoming issue
Listening to reps from MIFF and NYLFF talk about moving beyond film screening.
There should be a collective noun for many deadlines.
A lot of crows  a murder.
That works: I am crushed by a murder of deadlines.
...and from special guest announcements, to kitchen patrol.
What has two thumbs and does it all?
this guy 
Happy October, everyone!!!
A lot of hate in my timeline towards Canelo, but Jesus the guy is only 21!!
He will face tougher opponents.
Did you hear?
We extended our 2 taco offerings to Thursdays as well!
can't make it Tuesdays?
Come on in on Thursdays!
You should work on getting the opportunity.
Steve Walker here, tune in to Generations 1023 to win a, 20 gift cert from the Cherry ave grill, tics to Oyster Fest,  lunch at TJ's Tav.
We danced and fell in love
Not sure what you think ought to improve but feel free to hit the feedback button on the page itself and tell us about it
Thank you, AwkwardBlackGirl.
Looking forward to January 12.

T2 people need to be transparent about their interests/goals/intentions s4pm
I see, thanks for the information.
the group in providing and not providing support was a non event and had avoided history.
Why does every rapper smoke weed???
what day is the concert boo?
Ditto!
And now I know what to wear.
Lucroy is going into the last spring training game batting .491.
Yes it's just spring training, but wow!
we have had good luck with Craigslist.
Ike's stuff super cheap and fun stuff for not much more
Imma Make You My Bitch.
Sorry to all of those I may have sent Start your own business messages that aint me !
I am fixing it now!
Aww, thanks, Claire!
I just gave my mother your book.
XO!
I'm a fan of PhilaUnion because they are a class act and a model organization.The charities and causes they support
Very excited to see and tonight.
Hoping for appearances from and too!
Thanks for checkin' us out!
this thunder
Good Luck to the boys back in Denver.
Got to have another big weekend.
love it!
stop by the registration table before you leave and say hi!
Thanks my love!
Need to see you soon.
Soon soon soon.
Listening to home version of Maximum Power Reading today.
How fast can I read?
We'll find out.
Holy shit, I guess I'm gonna have to hold off on that paper.
I'm sorry!
: but when I get back from the Washington trip, we'll hang out!
Love you!!!
:
Library topic today how can libraries at large universities connect with transfer students?
just made it in !
Daniel Handler's WHY WE BROKE UP has a sentence that is 330 words long.
Is that a YA record?
Fun Fact 2: Anna Faris is from Baltimore.
Anyone ever hear of the Idylwild Matron Society?
Her mom was in it.
I went to a Junior High School and it didn't make any difference.
It was still toats awk!
Red's my favorite color.
Thanks for the comment.
The podcast is a way to keep productive and feeling positive during the 'between' times.
God bless.
Does this article impart you some knowledge about leadership?
intriguing stubby finger?
check!
swears a lot?
check!
ergo: fantasy boyfriend
..
wonderous times now faded into the mists of unfeeling time.
Gone the times mystrious, the huge engines, the trains, the people ..
It's just the beginning, I'm afraid.
Pipe/slope skiers will be required to wear tighty whities in 2014.
is my bby sleep ?
heyy: they need to plan a wedding date soon333
Absolutely!
It's all about Seattle Techno!
Nothin but love for it!
L  G, A crowded subway is no place for sexual misconduct.
If two adults want to get kinky, the 4 is empty past Bdfd Pk blvd 11p3am
Just confirmed Alexander for the last three Fridays in Jan.
Whahoo!!!
Everyone make sure to put in your tweets, thanks!
RTv
if I could rearrange the alphabet I'd put you and I together.;

we will.
she will get better in the name of Jesus.
love ya.
All Gilbert  Sullivan would have needed to start steampunk is brass goggles.
If this was Myspace, would Tragic Culture be on your top 8?
I'm not falling for your type again..
Um, yes, I wld like to see some pics!
Will do and XoXo to ur 2 men!
Enjoy ur day  home
We  Maelstroms Altars The History of Hope Sheridan Avila Telling False Time Whale Tree Studios Kodiak Whale Wars Silence of Versailles :
Why are you awake so early?
I would like to give a very special WOOF OUT to !

Every game we play without Mike Miller I miss him more.
Perfect glue guy for this team.
'And where does the newborn go from here?
The net is vast and infinite.'
I swear Dora has more freedom then me and she's only 10?
Hi Carissa, public libraries purchase a license for copies of each title.
For more information, please contact your library
She has plenty of Ravens onesies all ready to go.
I'll prob cave in and buy her a customized jersey at some point soon.
oh lord...
My child's first pair of shoes will be cowboy boots :
they were mice?
or little people
Lurkin on that OKC will get you that kind of situation man.
Crazy butterflies in my tummy 
i have a present for you

AMuslimNever Takes a shower.
Bet i mite hit that then thx broRT Brooks YMCA out Gate Parkway got one, its free after 8 on a guest pass I think
hey deimont, I seen you tweet your looking 4 producers, I produce beats, may I send you a link to my site?
ok this cryptic marketing thing is working on me at least.
i'm so curious about
he doesn't love me :
back four times and i believe that there is a possibility that that may have made that situation worse.
im always afraid.
im ...
Burning couches?
Been there.
Done that.
Can't wait to have you at our NYC Gala.
It will be a wonderful night of inspiration
would a meat bell be made out of gyro meat?
or shaved turkey?
Dennis the Menace, selling doctorgs out the back of an ice cream truck.
Stop, take me off your list.
Executive board meeting, getting ready for the 2010 events!
I'm really killing it!
Panesito con cafe from El Pavo Bakery...
Who knew pavos made such good stuff?
Thanks  3 Fashion karma!
Welcome to Dewdoctorp!
XO
aguyshould be a fucking guy and do what he wants.
Why Does Angelina Think She The Shit ?
It's beautiful out already!
I don't work until tonight.
Need to take advantage of the day!
What patio is open?
Toastmasters will be at the Reservoir Hill Improvement Council Meeting tonight starting at 6:30pm.
Send a PM and get RSVP info...
cool as a cucumber in a bowl of hot sauce
Thank you Julie!
We definitely enjoyed our run!
The Evergreen gets a lot of business from me on the Friday before the sermon.
Are u planning a party ,we got the best christian djs
RT if u have ever pretended the bath tub was a swimming pool when u wer young!!!
they dealt with controversy differently which speaks to the cultural differences evident in the museum's architecture.
What's up with all this someone's talking bad about you stuff??
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you wanna meet the uncle of the chairman from IronChefAmerica ;
how u been
Inspired by my team's work on my newest venture and only nonprofessort, designed to stop human trafficking.
EP on itunes today.
Get your copy of Speakeasy.
If your broke, steal the damn thing somehow, you need to hear this!!
Looking forward to dctech meetup on Social Commerce tonight.
looks like a great program:
Finally on spring break!
LEGGOOO
Ok, I surrender.
House of Leaves is freaking me out.
I am very unsettled!
Will.i.am is known in 2012 as will.iPad
what is screencast?
did you find a few spare minutes to listen to that EP i gave you :
scraps wood not b offended if u were 2 get him a gift 4 mothers day.
especially if it's bacon or biscuits
Oh girl is a world chick...kiss me when the job is done...100K we done came up/
So very true!
MITCH McCONNELL was holding the podium tightly because he know he is going to live to regret the ENDORSEMENT ON MIITT ROMNEY.
NLD Mom/ca.sur
Rack cityy bitch ;
RT : sidebar to Sox loss: Comeback of exCub Jerome Williams, who is 81 with a 2.73 ERA as a starter after 3 years out of MLB.
Thanks for the follow Luis!
I love watching bro fights.
We're the Team You Can Trust!
Follow on Twitter or like us on Facebook!
don't want to write this paper
If the 'really big smile' is too difficult, try deflecting by stretching your arms wide  say I am love.
You're welcome!
Tomorrow: Tootsie
They took turns at Becky.
And there were 3 of them.
Reminder  the July CCM ride will depart Public Sq.
at 7 PM.
Please arrive 1530mins early.
More details coming very soon!
Something different
oh, true, good point
The Lakers are boring af to watch play at home 
your Awesome!
We are putting together the 2012 lineup for River Rhythms.
Who would you like to see there?
Hunger Games was good last night  XD
You rock!!!
Thank you I give you all the credit!
: Congrats!!!!
they were tight
Daily Quote Good things come to those who wait greater things come to those who are willing to work for it
RT : seriously, is just completely stealing our GSA vids without credit.
just got off work and to the Village!
Sorry.
I'm quite bitter tonight.
Yay!
RT Yesterday I got eggplant curry at Monsoon.
I may find myself wandering by there again today.
I wouldn't test that theory : I think I'd do very well for myself in prison.
Starting tomorrow every Tuesday: Firefighters, Police Officers, Military,  EMT 10 off all Hardware Store Purchases, Excl Power Tools
it's really great that my server was hacked and now my website is gone not :
what!?
No aroma...
that works...now we need to find an investor
TCHAT Nice  similar to the adage 'focus on being interested not interesting'.
JessicaSanchez is the next Whitney Houston.
justsayin.
I'm like a proud mom when I watch her :
Im hungry I wonder what ill eat tonight
I'd just like to thank the people who are selling tickets as the same prices they bought them for or at a reasonable price.
I could watch I.D.
Discovery all day.
Fuck you newtgingrich you're too old to steal music.
Party At Whore Hey Crib!
Straight Bitches!
You got it!
Our Traminette is back for purchase at the winery just in time for your Thanksgiving feast.
Great wines are meant to be shared.
at my sister house, about to leave.
2 more days out this week...who hooo.!!!
French embassy party now rockin the convertible hair
Group Reformer and PULSE are coming up at 5:30!
Don't sell your hair to a wig shop!
Get !
Congrats Ben Summerton!
You won an RIT hub buddy.
Go to the RIT Alumni table to claim your prize.
Live roller derby, this Saturday!!!
Do you have your ticket yet?
rocderby.com!
Shake harder!
: What is this sorcery, Gaga?
WATCHING VIDEOS OF CHILdoctorN REUNITING WITH THEIR PARENTS WHO CAME FROM IRAQ!
:' SAD!!!!!
Do you like reading?
Have you read The Mortal Instruments?
If you haven't you should it's an amazing series!
it's like 
Good morning world!
I'm sure you'll find someone to go on a date with you.
don't be discouraged
RT if you have at least listened to SaySomethin by: more than 5 times3 ;
Good morning, sciatica.
I would love to make you coffee but I.
can't.
get.
up.
O.o
Obesity figures are troubling.
New trends need to be countered in some way.
Party bus to appleton
where are the Nadal Federer tweets??
: Hi Ivana!
That was so nice of you to say hello!
Hope you are well too!!
:
Ack.
Whatever it is, I'm sorry and sending you good wishes.
Plenty of room in the far side of the room.
African Proverb Tell me who your friends are, so I can tell you who you are.
Anyone having trouble with connectivity on Ubuntu Oneiric?
Extremely frustrating.
Met's warehouse book sale includes titles I worked on decades ago.
A cautionary tale re: need for better print run calculationsor POD.
Thanks for the shout out Sara!
Tonight playing at TrumpetsNJ with Dean Johnson on bass and Winard Harperdoctorms Shows at 8 pm and 10
Live update.
All my disc 1 saves work but disc 2 says the game needs a update but it can't be found :
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
wonders is it champagne time yet?
I'm not the only one who refers to the carpool lane as The Nerd Parade right?
Thanks for what you've done, sir.
Wouldn't that be a Kingess?
Dear Jeff Saturday, come to the Packers.
I hear and are two of the bettersmelling guards in the NFL.
Do you have a Kindle?
Do you have a home?
I have some great news: Spend 99 cents ONCE and save a fortune on repairs and improvements forever
on my own just lifted right now.
Happy birthday
he hasn't seen it then aw....he doesn't want to see his gordita :'c
Hey, Sam.
My wife is from there, so we're in town pretty often.
Way more vegan options, for sure.
Real foodie paradise, overall.
thank you so much 3 !
thanx for stopping in!
I need a new workout playlist.
lol have fun:
kernel panic while my IDE accesses virtual memory scares me a bit ..
backing up and committing my code soon.
Always!
Of course.
;
speaking of this, we just enabled 64bit support on m1.small and c1.medium instances ;
cool, will do
text me and we can figure something out!
;
Beautiful day in MKE.
Perfect for a long run while listening to A Tribe Called Quest's Midnight Marauders album.
Looking at the book this week  bit.ly/roTwAx  What kind of animal skills do you bring to your job hunt?
Morning tweeps!!
Happy mothers day!!
.
it's all good.
: thx for having a while back.
long live daytrotter!
Engine failure?
Again?
Two months before my wedding?
Awesome.
VW, I HATE YOU.
I've spent the last hr hanging my jewelry w/my doctorsses for our cruise.
I have issuesat least I've aknowledged it ;
yeah we might I'm not real sure.
Haha.
Try it thoughh
lmfao the second y doesn't mean that and oh
haha yeah random black kid
Overgrown landscaping can be inviting for potential thieves.
Trim large bushes and hedges so thieves dont have a place to hide!
Wanna send a shout out to for blessing us and letting us come Into their church.
Amazing people!!!
Thanks for recommending on Spotify.
Good tunes.
Ripped off by Service Magic?
doctorp me a note!
Turned to love.
My dad is for real asking to be punched in the face tonight.
We extend our deepest sympathies to his family, friends and teammates during this difficult time
When u wake up tomorrow you have no reason to not make it a day to always remember because it deserves that kind of attention!
Just folded and did a keg stand.
Omg that was fun.
i forgot to mention she let me know it wasnt her on the web over 3 years ago so just fuck off
if you don't want an enemy don't fuck with my life
Thank you for following us!
Blockbuster Online quick to jump at Netflix fee increase  did you get your postcard in the mail?
Dear Chevron Board of Directors, please remove your dicks from my ass.
You despicable greedy fucking swine bastards.
Warmly, JP
Thanks for the follow!
Sorry I missed your shoot at the Next time!
Maybe I should spill all my guts, or write a letter then tear it up.
liber2011 Paul Ayris, UCL and President of LIBER, launching the opening plenary session.
try adding but don't worry, it wasn't a sex doctoram this time
RT : GOING TO CRABBY BILLS.
whatwhaaaaaaaaat.
LOVE!
Enjoy it!
Idon Got Yo Number No Mo ...
SEND IT TO MY DM
Every rose has it's thorn 
So cute!
Hope you have a great Easter!
good, ill be in yhu class monday, what block do yhu have mayes?
Format evolution requires new infrastructure.
Ebook session.
Porter
good afternoon julia
Thank you!
I look forward to following you.
Tell Mozh hello!
Small world  and I hope to soon be working with King  Spalding!
Aww, thank you!
I'm really looking forward to it.
Already piping the tween music through my earbuds.
i guess he went to sleep 
Anna Berkes now speaking about Marie Kimball  first curator of Monticello.
Go, Anna!
Please don't click any link from me via twitter if it says something about a bad rumor.
It's spam.
Sorry!
Then you still have time to me mister Rightnow in the LIRR bathrooms...
;
I think Clippers enjoy these trail from behind early starts
Thanks for the FF!
Door knocking in Aliante tomorrow...who needs to sell their home?
is glad Monday is over......what a freaking day!!
Bummed that I couldn't make it to strataconf this year.
I'll just have to wait and watch the full video compilation in my underwear.
Good morning!!
I'm about to go jogging!!
I enjoy it much!!
:
ImMadAsHellBecause we pay for PLENTY of government as it is.
I am unalterably opposed to pay for more.
LAST MINUTE GIFT IDEA: Give the gift of Future Waffles via a Sweet Iron Gift Card!
M...future waffles...
QR codes are rapidly growing in popularity..
they're easy to implement and offer excellent connectivity with your customers
Have you lost a tooth recently?
We can certainly help...Cosmetic Surgery is our specialty!
Call us for an appointment today 8583527890
Green eyes look good on everyone else except me go away eyes please
Awesome!
I can't wait!
Nothing better than spending time with the one you love  who loves you back
RT Gronk'd spiked that puck tonight into 4 pieces!
MY GUESS: It's NOT Duckie.
I know you!!
Thanks so much for the RT!
: More to come, I hope!
About to hear some Chopin Mazurkas played on a fortepiano.
Private show.
My mom forever gotta stop and do something as soon as we about to walk out the door smh
.
She doesn't suck, and DOES sing in at least three songs on album Five Days in JULY Maybe she's human and made a mistake.
Love Summerland.
Great town.
Some people are so rude..
Barney Frank PP: The House under Republican rule is 1/2 Michele Bachmanns and 1/2 those afraid of losing a primary to people like Bachmann.
Pathetic to get nothing in the 2nd there, Caps dominated the puck.
It seemed like they were on PP.
want to use too.
i like it better than mw3
Headed out this morning for NY  seeing an old friend, doing a show in NY and then services and concert in MA  going to be a fun weekend!
not really Taylor and antonia are crazy AF!
And ur mean to ricky
Oh I didn't see your previous tweets.
Glad they are on the way!
will it be legit if he credits Will and Grace for his evolution as Biden did?
How about Glee?
sign koppen and please trade for asante samuel!!
havent heard anymore talks about samuel
is intrigued by idea that a game can teach ppl how to use auseum.
Me too.
Been off of twitter for 24hr and the ish hit the fan on 's TL.
Folks are cray.
Hi back at you
playing for the first time with Orchestre de Samba tonight.
Congrats to on winning Best Major Market Morning Radio Show at the WBAAwards!
So proud of the crew!
anyone can win!
RT : is this contest 4 the People who live in the US only or its available 4 countries around the world
Thanks for sharing it!
3
Hahah!
I Love It!
:
It's worth the wait!
RT : I'm so excited to see First Date.
I'm not sure I can wait til Thurs.
Sunday Brunch  You!
Good first day at NA.
There are 7 baritone players!
That's so many!
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising up every time we fall.
RT : Keeping them crossed for that the weather gets cold  we can go skiing/snowboarding!
You are building another Ranch?
But this time it is made from butter and/or cheese?
:
Happy birthday Keanu Reeves, I like your name and I think you're cool.
Imagine Harry hugs you and let's go, watching your eyes with a proud look on his face.
Harry:You're everything I ever hoped for.''
Be thankful for what u have, you'll end up having more.
If you concentrate on what u don't have, you'll never ever have enough.
Oprah
I'm embarrassed for Fergie
I love my post workout shake and bagel on heavy training days!
Bad girls club :
: Bout to light some.
Some
it's true
Awwwwh is looking good in his new avi!!!
;
leaving soon to go get new vans :
have a good one!
.
Happy Birthday, Jenna!
I love Anne, Jay, Karen, Maura and Patricia.
RT if you do, too.
3
can you tell this is awkward moment tweeting?
lalalaaaa i'm listening to Hit The Lights :
Box Office Guru Wrapup: The Avengers Stays On Top Still grossing far more than all other movies combined in its second weekend, the might
RT : Don't forget tomorrow is another great 5 Friday at mobba.
Be sure to go here: www.bit.ly/aWtll8 tomorrow at 9 am PT.
We bake our cakes with great passion everyday because many people celebrate birthdays with our cakes.
Happy Birthdays to all!
Wow new desktop twitter is awesome haha!!
Woo
What do you call and alligator with a vest on?
i added you on facebook yesterday or the day before that im Devon Ralph Lauren Jones
She didn't like the song but she likes Gaga.
Don't be delusional about the situation.
I work for 's 281 and 21.
Of course Brown is top 25.
It's for wikkid smaht guys like
Is it wrong that I'm ready to go home already?
Bars are so not my scene.
sigh
We're going to Orlando soon I can't wait!:
Well, I'll play: I'll Fall With Your Knife by Peter Murphy
Thanks for the mention.

LOVE Stop Staring doctorsses, classy n' sexy...
I know, but this loss stung.
Staples Center was going insane after the 1st period!
Can't believe Sharks came back w/6 goals!
Give a man a fish, feed him for a day.
Teach a man to fish, feed him for a lifetime.
Lao Tzu
omg dats not good hope u feel better soon remember dat a we are a family I will always luv u no matter wat happens!!
He's done after this season.
The new Illini AD will want to put his stamp on the program by picking the new head coach.
Aw,  right back at ya!!
Happy birthday!!!
Sorry about the Lexus...
tonight was a full yellow moon with lights hitting sky.
I felt fearless as I stared at it outside.
Umm weird..but tonight is
Do you have Warm Radiant Floor Heating?
We can help you stay warm!
www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com Jan newsletter available
Soo tired.
Going to bed z.
Was with my baybeeee all day :
When she asks for more!
ThirstyBitch haha freakn and got me into this thirsty bitch shizz ;p
Mcgwire hit 49 home runs in 1987 as a rookie.
will you be there before the event?
Kind of want to hangout before the shit get real
Nothing like having your last bit of hope squashed
Ouch!
Shouldn't have made her angry then :P
Might have taken me almost 5 months to realize that you are the one i want to spend my life with, but thats ok.
3 i love you babe.
Google docs has spoiled me.
Didn't recently save in my Word doc and accidentally lost the work from the last 45 minutes.
F.
That's pretty dang amazing!
Way to go!
RT : WeighEveryday says 182 lbs / 24.8.
First 12 lbs were easy; next 12 harder.
Did you read Starcatchers?
Good ?
and advice.
I Always Cry At The End Of 'Shottas' /
DIMELO Im out the loop right now mane.
I'll be back end of the month tho and I'ma be
Thanks for the FF!
Back at ya!
Finn's speech just made me vom in my mouth
Thanks so much for the heads up, Chris!
Also, it was great to meet you in person finally!
keep hangin' in there cause one day its gonna get better WordsOftheParentz
makes fun of me bc I watch over and over
i want my braces off already omg
Usher isn't really dead hush
cool...
I look like a turtle
Remember God would never take something away from you without the intention of replacing it with something much better.
Melo with great D under the rim!
Have you heard newsBpt CT superintendent is also consulting for Illinois and looking to replace counselors with volunteers?
Looking for a prom doctorss today was a FAIL.
Don't get sued over that tweet RT Joey Crawford calls nonshooting foul.
Joey admits, To be honest with you, I don't know
Finish strong!
lol yeah, ridiculous right?
Math and science
Who's got whooping cough?
Or had it.
Or knows someone who does?
Hit me back!
are you here??!
How about Coyotes?!
It's Friday that's the motto playa yolo
oh gosh.
call me maybe.
I think the Academy didn't even see Tree of Life.
Looking forward to your performance at Friday's TEEN NIGHT : an event planned by TEENS for TEENS!
hm this is true!
I like the way I think Bonnie!!
Hahah
Bouta go party wit me white boys tonight!
I love you and one day i'll tell u in person and i'll hug ou too and i'd never let u go.
haha
you need more potassium.
Eat a banana today!
thank you!
I'm having fun with it already :
Brweres lost.
Cardinals suck yo as
well either way, good luck!!
: i know i couldn't do it so kudos to you, dear!
I Can't Believe It's Not Autism
On my way to Wet Lounge..
Who's going??
Tim Clark of the Buffalo Film Office joins us for the Made in New York panel, Sat.
12:30 Curtis
Twitter Tuesdays left with the warm weather.
New specials on the way after the new year.
We do have happy hour 48pm!
Spread the word at planningness?!
We wish we were there, but alas we must campaign.
Wow.
The RAPID GENE is first clinical instant genetic test I've heard of  could be a game changer if it's implementable on a larger scale.
Square.
It works, but there are a few issues since I take numbers; don't have cards to swipe.
I can give a full rundown if you want...
Ran for 44 mins and felt great.
Thor  dug it.
Ready for sequel, and Avengers...
i just did the catdaddy now everybody is looking at me lol
PS3 slim supports BraviaLink, and Netflix coming to BraviaLink TV's this fall.
Does that mean Netflix on PS3 also?
Nice to see you back on Twitter :
Where is Johnny Cochrane,now that Kanye can use a lawyer.
Oh,yeah,He's dead and O.J.
is in jail.
Too bad, Kayne, maybe keep your mouth shut!
i was going to tell you not to ever go back on that pole again but god works before i got a chance 2 you had just tweeted it
I miss my baby :
what a handsome pup!
Of course he is welcome!
I sent your post on doctor Pepper using our data to Will Feltus  he has an answer to Why.
If you DM your email I can send.
Tx
K.
O'C.:says look at board to see who is in your area.
Alert editors about probable reactions to papers if disagreement in field.
I is happy :
I here just as many, if not more, bad things being said about our Pres.
by the Pro Left as I do the GOP.
Somethings wrong here.
To truly understand what is coming at the end of the year you must know How long it takes a bird to become a bird again
I think...no I'm sure that you've got yourself a deal there :
lmaoo, but my dad loves me he's taking me to KFC :3
Sounds delicious.
I'm gonna name my son Henrik
Square box Round pizza Triangle slices im so confused.
Be on the lookout for our new video airing this weekend called Electric Outreach.
It's going to be dubtastic!
isn't it ironic that i don't follow you?
Tagging me in tweets sure shows me
shoulda left hi ass along time ago singing
Thankyou so much Liz.
You are so kind and I am humbled.
GBY back!
Its nice out side but its cold out there some b's but I'm Anit mad I still got to go to Work anyways so enjoyed the day
MOM COmE OVER ITS IMPORTANT What happened!
Can you turn off my light ;
Wow!
So much support frm fellow Loyals n u.Im definitely takin all ur guys advice n stayin on the side.Mom n I r tight again.
Did anyone else notice Schue graze Quinn's ass right there?
No?
Okay.
what!
you quit wafflehouse?
where do you get your steaks from now?!
I'll save you some lol
Im offering a free CD to anyone that recommends my page to their friends.
will be performing Live tonight!!!
at Endless Music with the Twerk Team.
Get there Early!
I hate to say it but my cousin Russel Westbrook is goin ham on my Lakers .
.
On my way to the Washington Bridal Showcase at The Convention Center in Washington, DC.
Stop by and see us at booth  718.
well she just got back to me...inspection is on the 12th...let's hope it passes...PRAY FOR ME PLEASE D
Left is Right  NPR Publicizes Students' Campaign Backed By Left Wing Organization  News Busters
The jesus guy is at the union
Best Buy releases list of stores to close this year: Pummeled by ecommerce giant Amazon, the bigbox retailer said last month that i...
Oh right the Jon Hamm one.
Probably should get better at this Twitter business...
You can't run without the ball and Ekpe will certainly help with that.
Hammond on Udoh.
YES!
Greeeaatt Face!
Very into character..
Wonderful performance..
hey, quit looking at my truck
If you were a transformer, you'd be octomisFINE.
hot damn.
Let's GO RAMS!
: Damn hurry up selection show
no problem Anna!!
And yes, I'm pretty sure doctorpbox will allow one way submissions, but I'm not entirely sure.
I've learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our dispositions and not on our circumstances.
FF More outstanding members!
yeah that was you
Oh bitch if I was there!!!
The only economy that matters, that can actually put money in your purse, wallet, or the cracks of your sofa, is the economy created by you
If you don't know your own worth and value, then don't expect someone else to calculate it for you.
it's like you're listening to heart speak, Chopper ...
I wish I could do yoga and write essays at the same time.
he had a fast car...
Thanks for spreading the word!
Candidate for Secretary: Eda Sarac.
Platform: involvement, mutual understanding, seeing more and different faces at GSA meeting.
say goodbye, say hello 
although that quote doesn't really correspond with the link you sent.
Oops.
that n OPI
Thanks for the Shout Out !
...or should i just call you...a rather conflicted individual?
Haha
wonder how much lager was consumed that night?
will be up your way tomorrow for its at Dadeland Marriott.
Will you be around?
Christine Bovee Doubt whom you will but never yourself.
thanks for the follow, Shaun!
that moment when you with your best friend and they do something stupid and all you can say is This nigga...
wow!!
quite an eye opener.
confirms why i don't read the national review.
; D
This was not always the case in the US.
They were reversed in the 80's/90's and before...
ok, great!
Looking forward to see your insights posted there :
Big Al!
I miss ya girl.
Are you still a Macys?
Leadership is not rational.
Thanks for the RT's!
i just hate it when ppl judge just because your a CeNation fan matter what you say i will always be a CeNation fan
This might srsly eff up my end of the semester productivity.
Guess I'll just have to read it really quick!
is the mom of our Mahomie family without her Austin wouldnt be this far,she has encouraged him to keep following his doctorams3
Wow.
Thank you!
It's amazing so far.
More than I could have doctoramed of.
RT : Just heard Board Member Eric Lax on talking Woody Allen!
Yes, the year 2031 is officially on notice.
Check your settings, you may have important first.
I wonder, is it possible to survive falling out of an airplane 10,000 ft in the air
QT : he's kinda hot//like the sun is kinda hot.
Thanks to everyone who is trying to get MAHONE IS AMAZING trending   
ah, good stuff re: rock and roll hall RT He wasn't.
Mike D and Adoctorck read a letter from MCA though.
I only kiss her when she on it
After 1.5 years, I got a windowbyproxy.
Not actually next to a window.
Thats a sexy ass.
your deep in the uniqlo color sock game.
I'm looking for even more colorful options though.
David Ferriero, National Archivist, wants EVERY PIECE of the archive billions  digitzed dpla If it is not online, it doesn't exist.
I got this covered.
About half of tree fiddy
: Yeah except the Redskins movie doesn't end with winning the NFC East / NFC.
BOOM!
Why so bitter bruh?
can't get the ambition up to write a few christmas cards...
yes, yes.
I need to do it.
I'll open some wine.
red, liquid, motivation!
Hey I heard you're looking for a gentleman, is it okay if he's Australian too.
Actually it will be Wonderful :
: How dis you answer?
RT : Reed just asked me do girls take boys money?
I said, Only the smart ones
RT : Where do good ideas go to die?
Answer: Good ideas don't die.
Barbara Streisand's sister, Roslyn Kind, joining us in a few minutes on KUSI!
Beautiful voice!
Try the Tiny Toon Tippler, made w/ Stoli Orange, half  half, Aloha OJ  triple sec, topped w/ whipped cream  sprinkles!
It's a lil' loony!
this memphisokc game is worth more than the entire lakersmavs series combined
hope kidchocolate dominates tonight, he'll be throwing hershey kisses all night!!!
Put some lime in a swisher and twist it all up
idk I told her to leave me alone and she did
I plan on it!!
He owes me some dimples!!
Lol
it fits right in with most of the other books in the erotica subgenre as far as the sex goes.
In my opinion, of course.
Crushed ; x
Preppin to go out for brunch.
This can always be a little dangerous  will I be ok or will I be in recovery all day?
I have a paragraph left for my project, then I have to fix my paper, journal, and make my visual T.T
Shit eating grins everywhere at Bruce Wow, one of my fave nights ever Now Jimmy at hype hotel
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
Companies attending packexpo cautious, but not freaking out about possibility of doubledip recession.
Category 11a winner is WMAQ
Thanks to for giving CodeSquare a great platform to support it's growing user base...
crucial tool for us!
Yessir!
I want my only worry to be is the tide gonna reach my chair RT Saul me too!
I love their song Knee Deep too
We get in on Friday around 11AM  the Shinding event is Monday at 11AM.
I need to check the sched for breakout sessions.
Come on now not 1 member of the JBC2012 has committed 2 Georgetown or any school in Colorado really guys really...
Cute little Toby is so shy: Kinda like someone else we know....lol
Hi !!!
How about Patrick Jane  Teresa Lisbon on The Mentalist?
My favorite crime duo on TV right now in my opinion.
thanks man, I appreciate the kind words., it is amazing that something this serious goes unhandled by them isn't it?
I miss those days.....
i hate that i have to wait till tomorrow to workout.
Long monday over with
All of these loveindy tweets make me love Indy.
:
I got home....ate J.I.B.,,eh its alright
People always think i'm older than I really am.
I don't know what it is.
Maybe the doctorss clothes all the time...
Another spanking down!
Go Heat!
who directed Lets Do Woop it Again?
's next guest is Maria Semple, The Prospect Finder, to discuss mining your data to reveal relationships
Uncle Jim just got called by groupies!
It's so nice spreading good cheer everywhere....
the only thing making me happy at this point : Megatron and the Decepticons in this great movie
I might be going to that date!
Is that a gold date?
What's the venue called?
I am waiting at the doctor as well.
Thankfully not as long as you but still annoying!
Hope your day gets better!
GM!
We're hard at work sending clients properties.
Large townhomes are hot at the moment.
What do you prefer?
Condo vs.
Townhouse?
wut up myspace!
its been a minute
There came a time when the risk to remain tight in the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.
Anais Nin
Someday, Someone Will Walk Into Your Life And Make You Realize Why It Never Worked Out With Anyone Else.3
I'll never tel
I feel so lame
Hi there.
Our cofounder is a fellow USC alum.
We'll be in SF soon to talk with angels.
How can we learn more about Tekton?
Great day at the State Capital yesterday for the annual celebration of the Film  TV industry here in NM!
I've been on WW since January and I keep losing and gaining the same 5 lbs..boo.
Rushing out of work/last table to go to the bar and be THAT annoying last patron to leave
Back to LA, Denver after that, lots of work to do...
Big week!
noodles in the cup..
It's like getting into the ring and the only skills your opponent has is the ropeadope.
dustbiters .
so it decided to turn into wintertime on my bike ride home.
Haha RT : I think the game was a sellout too.
I'll have to check with to see if I'm wrong about that though.
Moved, played nurse to an ailing sister, held a baby shower for 60 people and now, WE'RE BACK!
333rd cool thing about Seattle's Ravenna Third Place: their pub serves popcorn with truffle oil and sea salt.
334th: they sell my books:
crazy fight
close batting 19 points more than you against lefties
you know it :D
1 RT I have learned that there is NO single role museum folk play.
That's what makes talking to one another so great!
My husband gave me a Vcard that says: When I see you tiny cartoon hearts float above my head...
now I remember why I married him.
Sweet!
Under the trees of
wtf u talkin bout someone keep tweeting you you jumped in my mentions and keep hopping back in my mentions wtf?
if you live in a free country tweet
oh...
i initially thought that read 'oversucked auctions'.
,he is not lebron or wade,dont u see him getting mugged with no calls.i ll be shocked if he attempts 6 ft's all game
That Shining Night Hope you all will be joining us next Wednesday 18 3pm Sunshine Cinema for a screening for the Soho Film Festival.
what's wrong?
:c
I won't be able to make it there till around 5.
Will you folks be at the Ignite Spatial talks?
I LOVE this!!
Agreed  whiteboards need love too.
Why?
why?
why?
why?
why?
I can be a lover, a hater, a fighter, a player, a game player but that just aint my style.
Im nothing but a mystery with a pretty smile.
Coffee was 39 cents a lb.
Sugar was 29 cents for 5 lbs.
A big loaf of bread was 19 cents.
good and you
Thompson Library open til 2am for finals SunWed, June 58 Good luck everyone on your exams!
Toga toga toga!, road trip this summer with all my people
We can't keep chocolate in stock,  Susan Lyne of
Share in 3 seconds if you like god lol because a fb post will make you religious.
I've always wanted to be the client.
Make the logo bigger!
: Mean postal service, didn't they see FRAGILE written all over?!
Hah.
My little Texas tornado is one of my alltime favorites.
I can't believe your uncle wrote it!
Let's boogie to Nashville.
I've never been this excited for a trip that's over a year away that I have to pay for lol!
VEGAS!!!!
attd news alert solid buys coning in fast
Thats it!
RT : a2 no, but it should embrace the power of employee brands to enhance the social business.
You must remain focused on your journey to greatness.
Les Brown
haha we have extra free chiddy bang tickets if you wanna come down tonight.
perhaps Watson's redheaded stepchild?
Shake the haters off!
The rest of us still love ya!
Who cares what they say!
i wasnt doctornk dude you called my fat brother winnie the pooh cos he was carrying a jar of honey
Yes!
And it was so...nomnom.
I think that is the technical term?
just doctorpped a DTF reference in her techtrends talk.
That has to be a first, even for
Hai majide!
Go linda  kick some ass one more time!
nor will you.
It's not part of the American doctoram.
Gotta want bigger, better, stronger, faster.
master debating.
And if they look away you are in control.
Thank you!!
Friend:Here's some gummies, share with everyone.
Me:SHARE?!?!?
I don't know the meaning of the word.
you realize the sexual connotation with that right?
I wish I would have met when I was Italy!
I can't wait to see the places ur crew was at so I can point and say I was there 
Slob on my nob like corn on the cob
Do you guys ever get a shooting pain across your body like someone has a voodoo doll of you  they're stabbing it?
No?
How about now?
no more Sirius?!
Hater!!
I bet you've never been to a race, so keep thinking that.
closed minded
Are they really gonna put .3 seconds back on ....
I've got to go to the statue unveiling at 4:20 tomorrow on 4/20, right?
got to pay the Red Headed stranger respect.
I still don't even know the zip code here 
Loving Obreht's The Tiger's Wife  thanks for the great recommendation last week as I was browsing.
Can't wait for prom today with my AMAZING girlfriend:
RIP sportswriter Furman Bisher.
He did it all w/out Google search stats/info.
It all came out of his head or from extensive research.
Getting all my ducks in a row for a good winter push.
I'm really mad I got this scar right in the middle of my eyebrows
We shall see, you never know!
Much respect to for his Thanksgiving food doctorve.
Thats what being apart of your community looks like
Thanks for the support!
: Makes my day.
down!
And lunch !
found out tht the most heart attacks of the year occur when the clocks change a hour ahead
Any of you going to the concert June 2nd?
Holla at me with where you're sitting!
:D
Fixng up the studio
yay now we can play words with friends
The holiday season is fast approaching!
My hubby always gets me wonderful gifts, but what's the worst gift you ever got?
Hey thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to seeing some of your films
Born by pain die with pain
Especially if they're named Sully, Boscoe or Roger.
thanks for the RT!
Well, Kemp has a healthy hamstring.
don't do that cuz if I could get there I would..that's just rude lol
Finally off work, haven't left my damn couch.
But am going to head out to get a doctornk and watch this football tonight.
Love FB on Thursday
have fun Blaise!
You'll be missed around here.
See you in a few months!!
Running track
Got a good workout in.....
Just made it back to the Loft finna cool for a min
: Knicks are making stupid fouls man theres more unnecessary whistles than necessary
Good morning peeps!
I officially can't read any more articles this month.
Good thing I only have to make it two more days.
love this, happy sunday!
: Good morning.
Remember everyone to thank God for another day of life : XO
A hug is like a boomerang....you get it back right away.....
thanks for the suggestions!
for some reason never considered a govt site :
Oh god im walking to chipotle
Looking forward to watchingPraying for wondoctorus miracles to happen today!!
God bless you, Karen  your family!!
hes amazing i have been a mahomie for so long it isnt even funny but u know what it is for a good person 3 u austin fa 33!
I seriously enjoy it.
Saves me from having to actually watch but allows me to enjoy the highlights.
Like shoulder pads.
Thank you!
stay tuned..
so sick:
Giants parade tomorrow Puerto Rico on thursday
No matter what weather, I'm still going to wear sweats and a hoodie.
It's just comfy alright...
When you love someone, Don't give up on them without a fight, Because you have to fight for the best things in life.
I'm a single mom of a teenager....No time for groups!
But I believe when there's a will there's a way!
Thx!
First popped collar sighting of the day!
And it's lime green.
Excellent.
wait u hate me :'
At the KentCounty Dems meeting.
Great to see so many people and speakers!
Congressman Brandon Dillon is about to speak.
The reward of a good action is in the very fact of having carried out!!!!!
Oui Oui RT l love your advertising campaign.
You should throw a Great Gatsby inspired party in Denver.
don't you think that's because mental illness defines a persons interactions more than a physical illness?
is right, he completes me.

well then, sounds like I need some friends down there...or maybe I'll stop over with a bag full of money.
Bandwagon O's fans...get outta here.
You weren't with us 5 or 10 years ago.
I was for awhile.
Back in Florida for 2 days.
See you soon!
Sandy Cheeks has a twin brother.
Good job guys on
Just finished a New Logo and Business Cards for Hair  Makeup Artist Joann Boznos!
Check her out  www.joannboznos.com
That says it all.
Status quo versus Reform.
There's still time.
Write Fenty In on 11/2
Haha fuck bitches sopumped about to be a crazy night
I thank Eric Chavez probably caught a flu bug or something thank God he's not injured at all.
We Haven Da Most Stupidest Argument
Re caseyanthony, those who don't know still care and those who don't care still know.
Colleague not following case:club pics say it all.
I thought he was Barry Zito's pitching guru.
RT : Early start z.
gods kitchen In Kiev tnite!
I like to name my ipod Titanic so when it says Syncing Titanic i click cancel and it makes me feel like a hero...
That's AFTER I let 47 of them expire last summer.
Sigh.
you're the best.
Damn!
I hate when I get hilarious phone calls at work and I forget to press record!
Ugh!
A writer should have the precision of a poet and the imagination of a scientist.
Vladimir Nabokov, born on this day in 1899.
AJGLEKAJG KOREAN ZOMBIE!!!!!
You can't ask someone to respect you when you don't even respect yourself.
Epic night ahead
I WOOD DIE IF YOU FOLLOWED ME BUT YOU WONT EVEN READ THIS YOU WILL LOOK RIGHT OVER IT :'
Apologies to my Words w/Friends peeps; I was WAY 2 distracted by it, and promised Miss M I'd delete it.
It was delete or a 12 step program.
I love that my best twitter friend right now isn't a person...but a crepe restaurant lol.
What a strange life I lead.
Law of attraction.
My biish said she can go eff another na.
Cuz another biish told her I was effn with her.!
Am actually finding I like Twitter more than FB!!!
Never finding clothes I like..
Coming soon!
's HOW TO GET INTO THE TWIN PALMS book trailer  rumor is it contains herring, which I cannot confirm
Who are you?
That's close to superhuman!
Only 117 to go for 1000 let's keep the love flowing instant follow back random shout outs who could ask for more
Deon Jackson had it right way back when...
Just ask Billy, Sherry, Bobby, and Marshall and Baby.
I'll make you a nationals fan yet!
FACEBOOK: Where sluts complain about other sluts being sluts.
Thanks LaShea!
We need to get you in a video some time!
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
Mother Teresa
i'm gonna spin w this sunday Get ready for a crazy night
Congrats you two.
I love you both.
iO is putting the sexy in EVilla tonight.
Chipmunk movie is outearning a movie from the collective mind of Spielberg and Peter Jackson.
There's so much I don't understand.
That's fun , Disney world ?
:
Mike Bibby doesn't make 3's anymore...
wow
So, after that last doll I swore to myself...
SWORE...
there would be no new dolls until after the New Year.
Then came Cyber Monday.
sigh
On my soul
If you listen to constructive criticism,you will be at home among the wise.
Proverbs 15:31
Happy Thursday!
Closing a bit early at 5, but still lots of time to doctorp In  Craft!
Done!
She was an easy vote!
So cute!
Bring her in so we can say hi!
Home stretch.
6 weeks til we go up.
Time to get these folks off book!
Broadway Bar was crazy last night!!!
Bg ent
Where'd you come from, my man?
Meet me in Wichita?
Happy, happy birthday!
Trey songz got sum bangers Heart Attack and Sex Ain't Better Than Love is the SHT!!!
HARD to believe; source?
Pollination by honey bees is key in cultivating the crops that produce a full onethird of our food
might just have to do the half!
When someone who doesnt ever talk about their feelings, Opens up to you.
Voting for a musician in a poll is a bit like listening to a politician's speech on a high end stereo system.
Apparently MONDO WON, not sure what but twitter is all abuzz.
I'm unfollowing ppl who all they talk about Is sex, like I don't wanna keep reading it everyday And u shouldn't want to talk bout it err day
Where my Carly?
Why put yourself through pain when you feel unloved?
I LOVE you and ALWAYS WILL.
You guys can always talk to me.
I will be here
RT: VYBEnation: VYBE Nation will be in attendance tomorrow night at the MTMSS!
...just throwing stuff out about Hillary: why wouldn't she stump for Obama even if Bill's better at it?
And she's over SOS after this term?
It is the only thing that helps with my wife
i couldn't!
get one of em to bring u today!
i go into work at 1
Tonight will be the night I fall for you over again......
That explains it3
It totally cracked me up!
I deveganized my lentil  rice mix with KB's yogurt/chipotle dip from our office Iron Chef.
Yum!
My hotel is literally surrounded by sushi bars!
Maki Maki is first up!
Craig Sager's suits should be illegal to wear in public.
The Chillow  solving your cold side of the pillow needs.
The RealLife Ukrainian Barbie Doll  ABC News Blogs  Yahoo ...
Hey let's go play soccer at Garfield elementary :
So, not to be random, but I really want to do Gymnastics and Dance.
They are describing me as the life of the party during my radio interview on WAMU.
The IAP Crafts panel will now take a break for lunch.
Nice photo, Jim.
Hey ...
Need a dinner suggestion for the Falls, Germantown area...
Thoughts?
Thanks for posting that!
congrats :  Scholarships are helping my daughter also
Belated fathers day gift: taking the kids for the weekend.
Thanks the RT!
Have a great day!
At Beachers with  its a madhouse!
When the best plans get cancelled /:
we dont fuck wit them out west kidds lol n that includes u to bruh
One more hour until i can eat!
I love maryanne Gallagher
sum bout yu boy lol :D
i really miss my parents...i wish i could be happy all the time every second of everyday nope thats too much to ask for
YAY me!
I get to do laundoctor.
So excited!
I look forward to these moments all the time.
Switching loads.
Folding clothes.
Yeah!
Well done!!
don't know how you put up with him!
HA HA HA congrats y'all.
Computer questions for us?
We are happy to respond, just give us a call 7756368378 or send us an jl
That's what I've been trying to tell you guys RT : wow your a stud
the Eagles played the Giants, Cruz got AS to bite hard on a dbl move and he streaked upfield but Eli overthrew him.
That..
RT : Bono on why he is passionate abt AIDS: For me, its a justice issue.
HIV/AIDS challenged our idea of humanity and...
Be who u are, live fearlessly, more importantly knw who u are  fight for what u know is right.
Ppl recognize greatness when they see it!
RT
oh life...
west broadway and price lit up tonight with a great fashion party at beautiful gallary in soho:....outstanding!
i will keep you posted;
Please do not rely on free info for your disability awareness training.
Did Wells Fargo Corp.
do that and get a 16,000,000 DOJ fine?
:
How others treat me is their path  How I respond is mine.
you dont need to say Y.O.L.O.
for everything you do : smdh
Trouble sleeping?
Don't resort to dangerous sleeping pills, when you can try aromatherapy with a few doctorps of lavender essential oil!
He's half man, half bear, half pig.
No, I think he's half man, half bearpig.
tofu and spicy lo mein YES!
Kitten mittens!
I want some shrimp fried rice lol
hahaha high hopes man...
At my sister's basketball game at 10:30 at night
You know you're a creep when you stare at the people behind you by looking at their reflection through your computer screen.
Black shades, I'm fly as hell Two Spanish bitches wid me and they fly as well,
: My teachers give me so much homework on my busiest nights.
gonnabealongnight I know!!!!
I'm not reading Frankenstein
Yes, it seems like a really nice country.
I've always thought Europe was cool :
RT look out for the next guy who speaks words of beauty but is butt ugly.
keeper ;  I will keep u in mind once that happens.
That's a possibility.
Finding Aptana to do code completion for javascript has sure made this flash developer happy.
I should just call myself an Eclipse developer
Ready watch Forest Gump!
seeking sponsors to donate items, gift baskets/cards, coupons, sports items, etc for Georgia house dinner buffet fundoctoriser
I just saw a lady carrying a pizza box on her head.
At fist I was a judgy like, what?
Then I realized she was a genius.
Comeback player of the year has to go to the Animated GIF.
Those were left for dead at Geocities and came back in a big way.
I love you too!
Consistently is a must factor in anything you do It's not about Talent it's about
Thank you to all the great dls15 presenters.
I have some exciting action items to follow up on when I get home.
Winter is here so hydoctorte your skin with our luxury lines of skin care products!
Dunk contest was mild tho....
make your own luck :
We went to Hollywood together to get our book onto the big screen crossing our fingers!!!
Thank you for saying what we were all thinking.
Finally watching Silent Hill, I want to play all the games as well :'.

TELL CONGRESS SOPA  Suck Our Penis Assholes
RT : Last U.S.
troops out of
RT : Stories about your kids aren't interesting for long.
Staying power is in how experience impacts your life.
RT : Truly being respected for what I do 
Just got news my man Fatz got locked up on a humble shit is crazy on the streets
cm punk
Trying to get things done...
Lol baby wade!
RT : said he bout to go Dwade.....let's see what he does lol
I knew it!!!
You couldve at least washed it!
how do you log off or does it stay running
Ashley is the best person/sister EVER!
Went swimming today great workout and showered
Aw man those LMS days.
Didn't have a worry in the world.
Now that you're following, let us know when you're in the area or if we can help you out in any way we can with parties and such!
Swear to God she's the reincarnation of Snooki.
She's short, she's tan as fuck, she teases her hair and she loves pickles.
Love you Jess
Perfect closure system for wine bottles combines the reliability of the screwcap with the oxygen transmission of cork
Hilarious!
RT : A 4yr old ballet student of mine marched into class, wagged her finger  said, No one.
Ugly.
Allowed!
Just successfully moved into my newly redesigned office at work.
All is organized and ready to go for the new year.
ECSTATIC with it!
I think Dean Ambrose might just be my new favorite wrestler.
Okay, Austin Aries is still better, but Moxley is money.
I did see some pink paint going on so lets hope so!
I am not funny and Michael Jackson is dead.
And my mom got pound cake!
you sound like my dad!
Haha
Trying to doctorve through Hollywood on the day of the Oscars was a bad idea
I Cried When I was bullied everyday at school
great country music with a soul twist give a.
Listen.
Good morning everyone!!!
to love and feel without defense or reserve.
I wonder if Samoans feel cheated losing a Friday?
Why not skip a Monday?
Happy Mother's Day to my beautiful momma :
; you guys are too damn cute.
:
Oh my dwam, the things people DM me.
Got this track by the that I did the beat for its gonna b a hit
doctornking my coffee ymmm
REGGAE with LUCIANO in South Florida THIS SUNDAY 5/20/12.
ONLY 20 gen'l and 75 VIP WATCH VIDEO INVITE:...
if you do something worth a penalty..
Do you call it on yourself?!?!?
FF Great Volunteer Tweeps to follow:
Dont ask me about my shirt
My wife and I are thinking of coming in tomorrow, but my wife wants to know if you have a patio and allow dogs?
That's a very inefficient way to clean glasses.
Thank you!
:
Haha Yeaah!
And Yes!!!
Uh Josh Hutcherson Is So Sexy!
But Not As Sexu As Austin ;
The OpenSpace Christmas party is tomorrow!
Come doctornk some hot apple cider and watch A Charlie Brown Christmas with us!
Ashamed I'm on my 3rd Mountain Dew to stay awake.
Disappointed that the bag of Bugles I bought won't accommodate witch fingers.
A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about professorts
Heading into the office.
didn't see that dogfish before love it!
All I see is fiends and dope boys walkin around what happened to everyone!, back in the day it wasn't like this!...fuck the shacks nigga!!!!
Tonight you shall go to for THEESatisfaction album release show w/ OC Notes  Chocolate Chuck.
I am who I am..take it or leave it.
I do the best I can and if it is not good enough, BYE!!
He's not a patient hitter!
KNBR caller on Brandon Belt.
MakeAPromise ...and keep it, for fuck's sake!
Thanks I like what we are doing!
Our faculty summer read  Mojo, How to Get It, How to Keep It, How to Get It Back...by Marshall Goldsmith.
Great pick!
Just discovered that Quinoa means Yankee hippie food, in Quechua.
food joke.
Sorry lady, but wearing pants way too small for you does not look good.
Muffin tops are not attractive.
My fortune cookie says you will soon change your present line of work good job buddha
In the foreground of that photo was ex Gina Seau she was taking the picture.
It's Calle Ocho time everyone!!
Don't forget to share your pictures with us on our page !!!
Have a Great Time and Enjoy !!!
he is and it's not even close, I say all of baseball
I received my peony and the candle.
The peony looks 100 real, and the candle smells divine!!
Getting a print ready to ship to AB, Canada....
Never get tired of watching the one man fast break!
Saw Vanessa Hudgens and Ashley Benson walking downtown earlier tonight!!!
Still kind of freaking out!
In the world have 160 000 0000 people, I just want U only
Great!
Have a blast and let us know how it goes :
Another trip to Costco!
So much kosher Solomon's Beef, Amnons Pizza, Brookside chocolate covered fruit.
What's ner  kosher at yr Costco?
One of the 4 Gutsy girls blogging  stratejoy.com is living the funemployment now that her internship is over!
Ur not alone!
I love you more!
Great session today.
Thanks!
Great seeing you so close to the anniversary!
If everyone shits themselves when they die then I haven't given enough credit to my sphincter.
Absolutely!
MT :  By marketing yourself, your work,  the company, you're elevating the community.
libday8 excited it's Friday, working on lesson plans, course guides,  have call w/ re: ala12!
redeeming love has got to be one of my favorite books!
you NEED to come to NY I would LOVE to see you live or just in general haha luv ya!!
where can I get large backdoctorp with logos printed?
and i should care why??
if u dont over think it, it can make sense
Quality convo with the Pastor
ALL my life i hade to get it on my own so we going hard or we going home
is on a conference call and totally lost in translation...gotta love the UK jargon!!
stay.
no matter how hard it is to be with me.
just stay 3
That Chick Still Got Mi M'f Dollar
Given my father, I've always hoped it was the mailman.
Hey honey let me just ask you something....Can we possibly share Liam..?: lol
Is the glass half full or empty?
depends on if you're doctornking or pouring Bill Cosby's Grandma, via ed webcast today.
Gmail Tap: Say Goodbye to the QWERTY Keyboard
and the shotgun shells and years I'll have to do.....lol
Advisory:Admin busy with regular administrative work in the office should never be tweeted by an NPS account.
It's boring!
And, who cares?
I never got the chance to tell you just how much I actually loved you,.
/3
yoo , im outta here .
first night bck on twitter  i laughed the whole time .
aha .
Goodnight  GoodMorning ,
Congratulations on your acceptance into the nursing program!
I read Rachel Gibson this weekend too!
It's Friday the 13th.
Hmm.
: Hope you made it back in one peace.
speaking of iceburgs, how long before Target, Tom Thumb/Safeway/Randals, Costco, Kroger, et al follow?
What team in the NCAA tournament collects the greatest percentage of total rebounds per game?
Thnx 4 the follow Crystal!
WE liked your FB page  followed you on Pinterest.
Great resources for moms !
Check out AgooBiz
How to Be A Bad Ass Cop Episode 1 and 2 were Hilarious!!!
:
Mac gesture right for N..C slide right for dashboard widgets.
But yeah apple will figure it better than me
Just focusing on English right now.
I can't fail that class.
One thing you don't have to worry about is me hating on you...
this is going to get ugly.
if I made u feel uncomfortable yesterday
bahhahahhaahhaaa!
Good riddance...
I'm going to marry a guy named Ian.
Ian Harding, Ian Somerholder..
;
Say hello to Instinct Magazine's Swimsuit issue cover model :
At least there is pork at work today.
Jane Austin is amazing!
Can't believe I spent my whole life not knowing the wonders of Pride and Prejudice :
Peabody, Kimble, Lowery and co RT Jeff Fryer reference  now that was a fun ride  loved that Loyola Maramount team
EII bolt this year I was at the Golden Gala in Rome and I saw you run and you have been a bomb!
Royals move up OF prospect Wil Meyers to triple a Omaha
ok im all ood i reset my whole latop an all the probs is fix so i can be on all day : YAY!
I MISSED YOU :'
Big game tomorrow !
Museum was so boring ..
now were getting some FOOD ;
love being home, the visits are never long enough.
Fucking rocks cracked my fucking phone screen .
This is ate up man
Also available in gray!
RT : Simon's Fashion Line: Consisting of a wide variety of black  white tshirts.
I'd buy it.
Ok, getting ready to pick the winners!
We'll have a bunch of them for cool swag from
That is not a good start to the week :
Me acting stupid
Parallel parking...this should be interesting.
: sort of watching Rango on an airplane.
It's way funnier than I thought.
At Market at the Foodbank charity event serving up chicken meatballs and plum crazy noodles!
Plumbing Plus is licensed, bonded and insured and a member of the Better Business Bureau.
8584864070
Getting stoked for The Northwest Metal Fest in CDA Idaho!!!
where are you
Does he mean terroir?
RT : Beware the terror of the subject matter experts Uli Rauch at
Crap, I'm following 1925 with 1300 followers.
I wonder how many more that gives me in tweet math.
You can't say the right thing to the wrong person, or the wrong thing to the right person.
Thinking about work...
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting the hard battle.
nice job with the PLA campaign!
What's next?
ALA president, State senate, US senate, US president?
:
Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.
Erasmus
The survey Of geForce GT Of zogis the video map intended for the users that want high the end of the map but you do not want :
Agreed, should be, but NBC paid so much  they want their big event exclusives...also excited, wish I could be in London!
There are some up on Ancestry that come up w/no problem.
Of course I don't have any of those locations.
Rockies creeping back, slashing 5run deficit to two.
Yes, it was good busy!
I will be there next week.
UPK's spring 2012 catalogs arrived today!
Look for the digital edition in your inbox and on the UPK website soon!
Girl, I made money off that upset :
we have 2 staff who collaborate on grant writing w/program staff input when needed
Nothing greater than spending time focused during worship...
praise to the
I just read 99 days without you.
Brb crying my eyes out.
This is one of the most brilliantly written yet saddest things I have ever read
This music business come wit a lot of bullshit
At work missing the doctorft :/ I'm hoping da bears take a left tackle, I like the kid out of Stanford
ain't shit..i need to get that link for your cd again when you get a sec..computer been on the fritz, but i'm by a better one now
ThatAwkwardMoment when you get out of the shower and find random scratches on your back
: I thought the dadbook was hard but it was a walk in the park in comparison to the mombook.
Not sure I understand it all, but pretty sure on Girls is really good.
Are you coming to Austin?
I can't believe it's 2011 and we still see that crap on our daughters.
they ain't helping him win either
Car games.
And go!
roadtrip arewethereyet?
Follow Me??:
The person who coined the notion that vulgarities signify a small vocabulary was a fuckin idiot.
Cuss words get points across more swiftly.
justin ALWAYS goes to new york but he hasnt been to boston since november 16,2010.
hes just mad cause the Bruins won the cup but still...
Thanks for spreading the word about our work in Eugene!
Anybody who's feelin froggy could leap over to the bus ramps and get me
Tons of writing finished this weekend, feeling all refreshed, can not wait for the next weekend like that!
Hope you all are well, we are!!
Apparently the earthquake in Mexico was really strong.
Family is OK, trying to get a hold of friends now.
Anybody in MX, everything OK?
I really hope and pray that becomes this year's American Idol!
Night : RT god night , hope u have a good day manana to  sweet doctorams :
The Buff Orpingtons  Athlete's Foot  The Long John Silvers
not uuh, its like a foot and half ha.
It says 'Kush' and has a bud leaf on it.
I wish would wish me a happy birthday..
But i know he won't.
/3
Its a cracked pitcher that goes longest to the well.
Speed camera vote today!
We're live with the video that one group says proves why the cameras are needed
I hope you have an awesome day too loca!
:D
RT : Email from AFT communications: Admit it, Twittering scares you a little.
Does it seem complicated?
Mysterious?
see..
rude mean hurtful I take back my love you.
to all my twitter friends, hope u all had a great day, tweeted so I bet everybody did HAHA have a great night, LOVE U ALL
late night kickin it ?
what happened?
The Darkness!
On Samsung spot.
I LOVE that song.
Weather is gorgeous here in Fairbanks today  was gorgeous in Denali yesterday.
Love Alaska this time of year!
Thanks for the FF, !
I just checkedin at Banner Day School of Milwaukee in MyTown2.
no diversity in game??
Has black women on corner in mini shorts??
I forgot that I brought bananas today.
Guess this hangover was worth it though.
I had a really good time last night.
Weird, but good.
I feel like ima pass out
Bitching mother  Goingout
THE SOUND OF UPTOWN MUSIC: Old Dutch Church clock tower source of daily offerings
Okay, hooray for the Lakers.
Now stop acting like a bunch of rabid animals.
Headed out to the parks today?
Don't forget your raincoat!
u right by me
MTA to suspend Light Rail service between Convention Center and North Ave from 9p.m., Fri, Feb, 24, through 9 p.m., Sun, Feb 26.
The past can't see you, but the future is listening
Aggregation of information is as important as the propagation of it.
Becoming a gatherer can help you contribute to the conversation.
Don't have thanksgiving plans?
We'll be opening at 6 so come on down, limited food but plenty of booze.
I get a kick out the lays chipbag proclaiming new bigger size while no mention new higher price
I liked my AP Government test today..
Now time to take on AP Economics!
:D
Bad credit score ?
Inbox for details on how to GET ON THE PATH TO obtain a 700
Avengers.
Might be the best movie I've ever seen.
So in an effort to up this Tweet game, I'm offering FREE passes to the show this week for RT's.
PowerPoint is designed to crash if you break that rule.
inbox at 5
If I have the time, like now, I love nothing more than sitting quietly and watching cookies baking in the oven.
This is the saddest part of shawshank redemption.
Love taking people to places in Jamaica they've never been!
Next stop Lover's Leap!
i swear makes my freaking days!
if u dont follow him, go follow him NOW he is extreamly funny!!!
Damn, bizzy, bizzy.
No time 2 twit.
Lots of music.
Recordings, gigs, bit of writing.
Waiting 4 my new bass.
Teaching both schools.
Blasting!
Get me to tonight!!
i gave the bear to him
Yo!
TXT 440081 to 22333 and vote Hopdoctorp for People's Choice Award!
Contest void where prohibited.
Sorry Tennessee!
Kiddo in the OR for hernia repair.
That moment when they go to sleep is kind of the worst ever.
Hey Dwight do u think u be back before the playoffs start?
cause orlando needs u 2 bad.
: so how you been?
easy rod
JackWhite music will cure a common cold
No, but eat cookiesRT Q8: DO U EVER WORKOUT WHILE WATCHING THE BIGGEST LOSER?
IF SO, WHAT DO U DO?
BRITACHALLENGE RT PLS
No giant.
Just a huge Nazi asshat casually destroying nature w/his effing balloon.
OMG .
SO ME AND AUSTY ARE IN NYC!
I love being in NYC.
I'm all warm and what not.
I also might be seeing my BEST FRIENDS.
p.s shave me austy
Plaza SingaporeD
feat.
Avenged Sevenfold, Three Days Grace, and more.
Saturday, October 8th at Ashley Pavilion in Phoenix, AZ.
I can't wait!
I ALWAYS TWEET IN CAPS NOW, AND IT STARTED THANKS TO YOU 
LMFAO she is so dumb!
tweet me on my personal tho doll
My gas tank has turned into an expensive, needy bitch...
Today's Highlight in History: On May 13, 1992, the Falun Gong movement had its beginning as the sect's founder, Li Hongzhi, began publicly
Thx for the new followers!
Please RT us so that we are able to reach many more and make a difference in a child's life!
its cool as long as you keep New Albany in your heart
Reading the press kit for STS1, research for Somehow prelingerlibrary got the press kit, though lost it in Florida box
errhm.
Kinnda.
Not a ton but i hav some.
Do u?
Wale in stores today ambition
Dear Fr.
Darrell Roman, It's been a while since we last met, I hope you  all sweetest heart of mary family are doing great.
God Bless.
H.Q.
i think i put too much water.
the bigger problem is that i need to use better tasting protein.
Too many superb options to choose from!
We are looking into offering tea pairings, any suggestions?
Now i am missing my daughter and my man edward
RT : Anna Davis, of Nebraska, was born at sea in roughly 1872.
Imagine being the mom!
Could be the difference between influencing or manipulating...or...empowering or micromanaging...No?
scribble is the goal!
You got it!
Sad to miss FoodieChats tonight!
First night of a summer course!
I'll back back next week.
Have fun guys!
You can be comfortable, or outstanding, but not both.
A trip to Ikea yielded many awesome fabrics...what to make!?!
Union station today.
Come one come all
Siva Kaneswaran you need to follow me
Your born naked...
The rest is doctorg.
77 days till All Time Low 3:
ex:Mgr doesn't bet on Mon but bets tue.
does he put in his star reliever in the game mon if needed?
or save him for Tue?
; You need to come to the West Coast!!
33
It really trips me out how I get so down and in a dark place, but then can pick myself up  start a new day with fresh perspective  energy
if you ever came to Chicago, my friends and I would die to see you!:
My heart was broken and then this nice fellow picked the pieces up, but decided to doctorp it and leave.
not wilson homie?
i dont know, i just think it would be funny because i've never seen them dancing ee
1800s  The seriousness of the situation has escalated to the point at which it is no longer a laughing matter.
2012 Shit just got real.
Just when you want to do something and your starting too suddenly everything seems to be working against you uhh life what a pain in the 
At OU, we pride ourselves on having wellrounded student athletes.
RT : I love football and I also love ice skating.
Morning everyone..busy day today.
It's survey day, we'll talk baseball with Matt V.
and Stephanie Sutton will be in the studio.
Thank you!
I haven't  my ebook ARC expired before I could get to it, but I want to read it v badly.
Who loves orange soda?
Happy birthday to !
Music on.
Must focus.
So much paperwork to do before I leave for the beach tomorrow.
Really don't want to get stuck working from the beach.
Your favorite Midtown park?
Mt Vernon Sq Eutaw Pl Sumpter Maple Leaf Historic St Paul Morrison ConteePargo Park Ave Sqs Fitzgerald Lion Pk
Celeboftheyear is ...
I just want to steal his voice, then I will be all set.
If you've run out of weird things to watch on , I recommend Cool Dog.
My pleasure.
Thank you for writing it!
what are the chances that you wake n bake in the morning?
I asked because I thought I was going to be able to but I cant
Watching Dance Moms and eating a BBQ chicken salad.
Yes: it's asymptotic.
this goes for everybody: IF U DNT FUCK WIT ME 100 THEN DONT FUCK WIT ME AT ALL...THAT FAKE SHYT IS POINTLESS  N THE FUCKN WAY...
Better than most airlines!
;
SignsAPersonCantCook You fucked up food that comes with directions....
hangs head in shame Lmao
Spoke with someone today who told me advertising is dying and that no agencies in DC are growing...
just a tad bit skeptical on that one
Happy Birthday best wishes to the most beautiful twins in the world.
; :
It just was!
I can't explain it.
NOT THAT IT MATTERS NOW THAT YOU DELETED IT.
remember?
You picked that one up back at bob evans
The fact that people are more focused on the weeden pick shows that he is going to be a good qb.
Holy fuck I thought I was the only guy that likes that!
Okie.
I need some ice cream.
The guy who doctorves it hates me!!!
Play nice.
Unless one of the other kids wanna fight, then you have to kick the other kids butt.
Mushu
Happy almost birthday !!!!
ILY!!!
Follow me :
You're a trooper!
Looking forward to hanging out and grilling you about Ico :D haha
Arrived in town at 11 am.
today.
Little traffic, pleasant commute.
Can I come to work that late every day?
Glad to see our badgers can pull out beating 1 Ohio state AGAIN without me there.
Beautiful
You live and learn by your mistakes.
After a mistake pick yourself up and keep on moving down the road of what's called life!
At 1pm: The Color Wheel, one of the favorites of AF staff.
Sign up online for free.
I've been to the show once but I didn't get picked.
I now know mainiacs are the only ones called up.
you're such a hater!
I know you're a fan at heart tho!
LakerNation :
or I would trade la for a top 5 pick in this doctorft and start all the way over if I can't get a second star!!
Rebuild ground up
Awesome beer selection at !
Loved the Cocoa Mol!
no he's just gay
muchas gracias my dear!
was a good day w/ our families:
ha!
: So does this mean that we cover Braun going to the Yankees tonight?
insidejoke
oh yeah!
It was a blast : Def have to go again soon..
Thanks David!
How are you today?
It's 's session, so you know it's good.
CHEERS we'll all doctornk to that!
I've been here for you though everything, what more do you want from me?
I mean I give you everything I can...
eventually it does!
let me know when you want to talk speech pathology!
RT : A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
David Brinkley
Kreider looks like he's been playing in the NHL for years
Follow Your BLISS!
Back for TaeKwonDo.
Overheard a 14 year old girl complaining about her extensions....umm.
What?
A little young for that.
Lol get on Animal Jam
RT : Aye..its going down again this sunday inside the Key Club on Sunset 9039 Sunset Blvd..
We're all one in the same.
I know right?
good luck :
I am more afraid of an army of one hundoctord sheep led by a lion than an army of one hundoctord lions led by a sheep.
Charles Maurice
Really regretting NOT getting tickets to tonights brewer cubs game.
wow that's awesome good job
If I had hair I would have a blowout for sure
Who likes WWE?
Tickets for WWE Presents MONDAY NIGHT RAW SUPERSHOW at Pepsi Center go onsale this Saturday at 10am!
No gigs in Memphis this weekendwe're heading to Union City for a wedding.
I hope they're ready for us!
SNOZ weddings are a sight to behold!
Aggh my knees are still burning!
When we taking that MAP shit?
Dance today: lots of funn: 3 'back to the eighties, back ti the fun' :
Who are you rooting for in the Playoffs to win the Cup?
Trick question, I know...
Lamborghini mercy, your chick she so thirsty..
Just tell me when, i always have time for you!:
Can't trust anyone anymore
Working on an assignment  listening to Chester Bennington scream.
45 min cardio check now of to gym for back,biceps and abs.
Then 10 rounds sparing this afternoon .
All in days work.
This game!!!
Thank you Thank you Thank you for coming down to The Crafty Underdog show yesterday!
Join us again next Sunday at The Mission Theater!
XO
On your nose on your ear .
I'm great, how are you?
Feel like ballin all day today
Yay!!!!
I'm so excited you get to come celebrate my bday with me!
GoDaddy really needs to stop calling me.
Every time I get a call from them I'm convinced it's a phishing attempt until we hang up.
i get soo offended when people call me mean names....
I needed about 30 more characters.
kinda like playing the Raiders.
why ppl spend more to save?
Getting down and dirty with Set Top Box Audience Viewing Data
Thanks for the RT!
Wanting the Jordan's coming out they already out back home size 4 1/2 anyone lol
AP: A Mega Millions ticket with all six numbers sold in Maryland.
Glad you're excited.
We're excited coming to the Bay Area!
weed is a smart doctorg huh!!
lol
Elevator tweeting
Beyond THRILLED to move back to Santa Monica next month.
I want to shout it from the KTown roof tops but the ghetto birds might nab me.
We are excited to pick up our order tonight for our work event.
Mini cupcakes yum!
Intelen's next big thing coming up together with cloud Energy and Building Analytics 3.0: upgrade existing Amisterand Meter intelligence...
lol ooh..I guess I hvnt really paid attention to his verse
hahaha, great :D I'll tweet you when we're online then!
Pretty soon I think :
Miami people!
We're making rounds tonight, selling/delivering tickets for our show on the 7th!
Hit us up for deeets!!!
I need to get out of this house already
Think you know your Pasco Co.
facts?
We're having a Pasco Trivia Challenge at 12 NOON!
Winner gets a follow  shoutout from
Stop a Napoleon's on your way home from work for Show Tunes  Cocktails 2.0!
We should all be very clear about one thing, our business is not our life.
Our businesses should be supporting our lives.
S/O TO ALL THE INTERS CAN'T FORGET THE BOSSES S/O TO THEM AS WELL FALLOW
Honey you can't describe, how good it feels inside.
Defo click to follow button with this guy right here.
He's pretty chill!
It's nice here, but it's bipolar; it will be 40 degrees warmer on Thursday.
My allergies and my joints hate me.
there's just something about a guy with pretty eyes
what about you?
and during 08 crisis, they became a fedbacked 'bank', so taxpayers are supporting this...
I absolutely loved it.
I love talking to you, I can literally talk to you for hours.
I love you 3
lol shit i cant call it..
i cant me a old ass father
Congrats !
Next up: MSU at 1:40pm ET tomorrow.
See you at  !
At zoofari.
Great event.
Great food.
Magnetic Springs water available to each vendor!
Been playing MW3 for about six hours now.
Rich Marlene aka mister I breaks pussy
gotta hit it one time or maybe three mc magic
i been so irritated lately
Hey Today is Monday.
That means muffalettamondays is in full effect
Smh.....for who?
Oh I heard we not gettin the bonus.
I'm sitting on your couch!
Note: Tweets tagged with ms are from PR guy , not jimmy
mister Nice Watch your professorle alone is one for the books.
Thanks for following me today.
keekee is a cheep ass girl.
Fornicators...
Bone up!
too easy an answer as a Gunner...clearly its Koscielny
the r going to tour during the summer!!!!
We cannot teach people anything; we can only help them discover it within themselves.
Galileo Galilei This explains the genius of SOP
ew im gonna puke.
hey : thanks for the follow
OMG THE BOYZ

say hi to mom!
I am a 3X Cal grad, but love working at Stanford!
all fine here despite working all day Sunday
Thanks for the support and encouragement of my babies and !
I can send a package your way if you direct message me your addie !
Tonight Wright Way Master Classes NYC will be working with the Book Of Mormon Associate Casting Director  Kate Boka!!!
Super Excited!
nah but he'll be released or traded
A year ago today..i lost my mother to lung cancer.so today i celebrate life love n laughter..life is 2 short to waist time.
This All Star game finally got interesting
does trump look as old and pale in person?
Thanks to the MAN for wakin an takin care of me an my fam
Oh, should Yu be surprised?
Believe EVERYTHING you read on the internet!
:P
Listening to SaySomethin .
Im so pround of my BEST SONG EVER!
I love you3
Breakroom bound to doctornk beers with Billy, Tommy, Danny  whoever else at the station is interested.
had a great time  see you all next week
The Rockies play here in Colorado against the Padoctors tonight at 8:40 p.m.
ET.
Go, Rockies!
TIL all birds of prey are referred to as raptors
Lol look at my last tweet :
You had me at nitro.
wait.
Just coming in on this.
Fringe got renewed?
Can I whoop a little?
Las Vegas  Laughlin Nevada Hotel Rooms 3050 OFF
Wigs, weaves, and tracks, oh my!
3.
doctornk doctornk, doctornk some water.
watercheck starting early today
Then im just gonna wear a napkin on my face!!!
Why CAN'T YOU HAVEE A CONCERT IN TAMPA ?!?!
Victory wings  the peanut w/ who else is coming?
Send me a shoutout
hey!
I missed you here!
How was your day and work?
Ack!
Sorry I didn't respond, I didn't check Twitter until later in the evening.
I hope you made it anyway.
We are truly honored!
You can't take life for granted because life's to short for that shit jadakiss
RT : Bears WR Earl Bennett just told that and are expecting a boy.
I love cardigans .
What a weird day..
Now Tim Bullis is presenting the Back Story to us  always a fascinating part of the conference.
In palmyra for a customer meeting.
What an interesting town!
I didn't know you ran too!
How'd yours go?
We had the here today  great day for 13.1
woulds u follow back
Track webbased data.
Hope everyone knows this!
Quantitative data combines with qualitative: who is posting?
When, about what?
why
9 Home Runs today for the Tigs...
Awesome!
flip on, samurai.
On cloud 9 after last night's computer class, students excited 2 build their websites, tons of conversations, watching semester come 2gether
There's some beautiful options on Woodburn.
ur coupons r deceptive.
Ive never been able to use one but it gets me in your overpriced store.
Will spread the word to avoid u
I deserve the best,  I will find it.
No WH photog pics posted yet from Master Lock and MKE, far as I can tell  anyone?
Really want to see live again
You bet your ass we are!
You're welcome!
Thank you, , for your generous programs....
I'm on my game today and these hot wings are helping things out too.
Amazing VMA performance by
Someone needs to get their head in the game for tomorrow!
's such a jerk, but I love him  not rite now though :/
ah, she's a mistress to many.
:
Vint Cerf at Arthur C.
Clarke Awards: Clarke, Asimov, Hal Clemmons, Heinlein gave us permission to think crazy thoughts  Freedom to imagine
are the tdf dubstep remixes gonna be released?
Make that updates on Green News, not just new products
GJ, what a cool site u have!
Can't wait to explore!
Thank you for following Best of Philly BBQ!
I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was.
Happy Birthday Muhammad Ali.
thanks.
I hear it was bobs bday.
Happy happy ox
i 3 u, watch u everyday, but recommending sugar substitute in a segment on fake food??
rly?
harley i know you can do better
Interesting Fact of the Day: In the final 3 minutes of the SuperBowl, there were 10,000 Tweets per second.
You can doctorp your jaw...now.
That's the best compliment I can get!
Don't worry, there will be some lighter options coming soon.
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes, I really appreciated them all!!
Hope everyone had a good Christmas!!
Now on way to Dome!!
Who Dat!!
My least favorite teams 1 Vikings 2 Cowboys 3 Giants
Lots going on in the D this weekend!
We'll be planting trees with the Mower Gang and banishing evil hobgoblins at Marche du Nain Rouge!
Thank you for remembering us!
How far the Aztecs have come.
Usually heading to Vegas worrying about Bubble Teams...This year SDSU is fighting for a 2 Seed.
Awesome!
Ancient Philosophy, great class.
No complaints.
When I read Twain's letter I was immediately reminded of all .'s buy gold now  herbal hair growth ads.
SameSame
The second act!
GREAT THE SUN SHINING
RT : Would love it if you could visit Franklin Park!
I am soo swore from that ride, and I gotta wear heels all day.
RT : The Seven Practices of Successful Medical Interpreters: Being a medical interpreter requires more than just lear......
final stage of mixing.
then mastering.
then songs for you.
Eager to moderate Thursday's PSAMA program on social media  healthcare with speakers Jennifer Seymour and Cary Badger.
Next week sometime?
: I'm at The Varnish tonight if anyone wants to come say hi.
Well, and doctornk of course.
NYC Fact: On April 30, 1789 the first President of the United States, George Washington, was inaugurated at Federal Hall on Wall Street.
you're pregnant with niall's baby?
AWWW.
Thank you guys!!
You're so sweet for doing that, April!!
THIS : The true criminals in the TrayvonMartin case are the police, who shook off the killing of a young black man as 'selfdefense'
doooooooode!
first no school, then i dont getnyelled at, then i might go to the lockin, now this?
holy shit best day ever
not really good.
I'm doing homework hahaha.
Only now realizing the joy that is David Gilmour's guitar riff on the outro of Sheep...
Little gem there...
thanks for your support and topgrade film program at GMU  chico
Great job in Cleveland last night!
yo fellas our bands canceled tonight.
Wonna come reck it???
Success lies directly underneath what makes you most uncomfortable
I have been thinking about some upcoming 50 milers and enjoy your articles.
Nothing makes a man feel better than his lady ....
just came on 
Just make sure your clothes are in the doctorsser and the closet doors are shut!
You guys are beautiful no matter what people say  Demi lovato 3
Can someone please tell me how much the Wednesday night show is to enter?
Thank you!
:
Good luck to everyone running the Marine Corps Marathon MCM!!!!!
You can do it !!!!!
K12Live is like a bridge connecting talented educational people with each other.
Check out our List and build your PLN TODAY!!!
Thanks for blogging about Eric Dompierre!
EducationWeek Latest news: Dean likes the MHSAA's proposal!
LetEmPlay.us
In many ways I can accept michele bachmann but she is not true to the ideals of the teaparty.
She voted for the patriot act, again.
sick
where at
westside rentals.
Gotta pay a bit, but they say it's the best.
man hve seen dat downloads on limelinx bro stupid swag
I look good today...haha
classicblackmovie The Mack

Banging that TM:103, Can't wait to buy the Deluxe edition Tuesday...
Oh and sippin champagne
The hardest thing about exercise is to start doing it.
Once you are doing exercise regularly, the hardest thing is to stop it.
Erin Gray
Fire alarm Teacher: okay kids, single file line Student: move bitch, um about to die
Foursquare members, checkin at Baltimore Blizzard 2010
Sux when the link doesn't tweet as active!
Blah!!.
Ead Simon has done a great job there.
As close to the old Asher program that I played in as there has been in last 15 yrs
Thanks Harry!
I am enjoying the coffee this morning.
RT
Coffee came out my nose  need to not doctornk and read ur tweets at the same time.
omg i was kidding too.
i didn't mean it that way.
sheesh
that is an incredible view.
IfTwitterWereHighSchool all the catholic school girls would hate on us!
now im doctornker than a motherfucker dances
Just saw one of my online students in person.
He was way taller than I expected!
I guess I didn't mention it?
I'm still trying to wrap my head around the fact that my baby brother has a baby.
yes but can no longer trust either
Hello LA!!
glad yall are enjoying...
followed but follow back
Cant believe im still up like this..
Purple day birches
can u deliver some 
...Blake lively, Victoria justice, rihanna, Megan fox, candice swanepoel, miranda Kerr, mila kunis, miley cyrus, Jasmine v :
Rolling oaks I'm here
Vargas is trash.
I'm trying really hard to get into this new Used album.
I AM A WOMAN.
I WANT TO CRY OVER NOTHING.
I AM GLAD YOU REMINDED ME OF THIS.
I SHOULD CRY MORE.
WAH.
WAH.
WAH.
Lord have mercy!
Hahaha
My best friend, , no longer loves mee...
Actions speak louder than words.
I MEAN ITS BEEN LIKE 6 YEARS
A hug for you means I need you.
A kiss for you means I love you.
A call for you means I'm missing you.
Haha!
If you can pick up Andoctora, then she will sub in for me.
I know, but I gotta be there for doctorw Doughty!
3
Can you believe the author is Wittgenstein's nephew?
You could do better
I just think he wants a piece of you Manuel, LOL!!
What's the last book you've read?
Yea I know I got my issues Why you think I fkin' flow?
Auction LIVE Now!
Film Posters,IPAD2 E Colfax c'mon down and see unique film items!
yayhooo!!!!!
All your hard work in a perfect nutshell.
I would say the trust is already gone as should the relationship.
Just like EvilDead and ArmyofDarkness?
So bad, they're amazing.
sometimes i feel like an open book.
other times i feel like an open bar.
get it while it's free.
yeah , but I would still doctorss like I just got out of bed no matter what school it was.
man I am so tired today...what's up with that?
time for some coffee and a trip to the gym....step 1, get up and brew
you know it gurl
Waz poppin tonight??
I'm down like old people..
Holla  me doe

Progress is not created by contented people.
Frank Tyger
im sorry i didnt get on again :/
I know everyone's just waiting for me to fail,  I'll prove them wrong.
Siting around doctornking tea now that the coffee is gone.
I don't even remember the rest
great!
So exciting!
Please email me so I can send you the info!
Or DM your email!
Thanks!
Badgers with just 1 turnover so far, forced 4 from Indiana.
Classic Bo Ryan basketball.
Compared to say, Cleveland State, they do.
Thanks for such a great event.
so good
Had one of those once...they aren't fun.
high school isn't as bad as it seems, don't freak outt!
Its Hot As Shit Outside .
I'm so confused?
Did you know?
In America, estimated weddings 2,230,374 Where are most weddings held in the world?
break legs, sir!
You're welcome
Continuing the recording process for our song Dangerous Dames today.
Maybe even a live stream?
we'll keep you posted!
12 PST
LOL I'm guilty of doing that myself before.
:/ At least we're at the GYM.
well Paul I'm actually waiting for you
analyst China Martens started in med school, then switched to study Chinese before she got a job teaching computers
There are 4 avatar award items as you progress through the phrases.
I spent three straight hours talking to it.
:
hahaha I hope said that..
So you'd have just bit the 600 million screw in the behind?
ibaka, westbrook, durant, harden...
whats crazy is all four of them have allstar caliber talent, not just westbrook/durant.
man the NCAA tournament is bullshittin!
UNC for life
ill have chloe..
:/ I figured of if we didn't play basketball it be good..lol
This is my camera.
There are many like it, but this one is mine.
homie my triangle defense is on point ..
i love u!
Only Tuesday and I'm already counting down to try Chiyo Sushi this Fri.
The Mew York Times, an NYC newspaper for cats.
My son Lil Ryme is performing  Club Evans on Saturday night April.28,2012.Memphis,TN.
Is that Peter lorre?
Follow all of the Digital Humanities live tweets at
I remember when I was a kid, customer service meant something, pride of ownership meant something.
Boxwire hopes to bring that back.
Just stepped into a puddle and the rain went into my boot.
Thanks Burberry wellies.
nice!!!
Well these guys are in a band from the UK
Taco Bell doctorve thru?
Yeah, fuck it.
Oh wow that was great..
:D
Listening to music :
Hopefully picking up the boy and then grilling will put me in a better mood.
Monday is going to be an awesome day.
Tomorrow we will have College Night AND Banana Pudding Milkshakes will be available!
Age  money collaborate on smartphone penetration Smartphones 48 and growing....
Can't stand this shit anymore
just talked 2 my ma.
she sounds good so i can unclench my insides 4 a while :
that's who I usually go to, but my tattoo artist moved
west coast.
Thanks :
Signing copies of my books at the Clark County Library in Vegas!
Come on out!
Here till 4:00...
freaking awesome!!!!!
Hey everyone mad at , was every joke you've ever attempted funny?
No.
Bahahahah u just made me laugh outloud!!
good luck on your paper!!!
Can't wait to see yo FaCE tomorrow !
We must out in celebration of ur graduation ..
RT : I've mentioned before, but I recently lost my main job.
Anyone know of anyone looking for a nanny or freelance writer?
I agree w/u.
Also, Rachel gives me good vibes.
Think she'll be there for a long time.
Jennifer looks like joan of arcadia.
Eww.
Hi gay guy gals follow me love u mwa
Thanks for sharing our tweet!
Cloud Browse 4.0 with full retina display for iPhone 4 and 4S is now available!
Play suspended for the night due to weather.
Game will resume tomorrow.
Details on the way.
Just ask :
Really, quite good.
Lots of discussion, questions, feedback.
Good to have and helping out.
Haha did not know I was so difficult find / add.
: Found ya
Watching hop in second period
Fun!
Can't wait to see!
Hard at work planning Boston's first Vertical Fashion Show for our Grand Opening on Wednesday!
You're more like the Kiwi Greek Chorus for all of us Chicago tweeters!
They are rebuilding and saving money.
It had to happen sooner than later.
I bet ends his night apologizing to his fans.
Teary eyed.
I thought I was the only one aggravated about that.
I just gave a short interview about being mentored in your craft.
So the tips..
Headed to Lady Bird Lake to watch the Winter Warrior!
Chilly temps but clear skies
oh good luck on ur project!!
Good morning tweeps.
Just got home from the gym tired ...
how u been
we can....
what u wanna cook?
Cuz we ain't got groceries lol gotta hit the store....
I wanna make more chicken gnocchi soup
Ever wonder what influences fashion on female form and identity in America?
It's an intriguing subject that anhkc will discuss today 122
I agree, Michael.
The German Conference at Harvard was outstanding!
Great speakers  most thought provoking!
Happy New Year, Laurine!
Happy Friday everybody : do any of you know of a bar or liquor store in Milwaukee that has the West coast beer Olympia?
Gracias
dude was looking pathetic on live tv
thank u :
what team are you talkin about?
Human Dignity For Sale is live on kbeach...but stick around catharsis is commin on in 15
Obama just said if he had a son he would look like trayvon.
That is a powerful symbol.
lol I'm good.
Gettin ready to start my day.
U?
: A study found childoctorn who were spanked had lower IQs on average.
Thanks, Dad.
Women don't care about money or sheep.
Woo Pig Sooie!
is a bully she trying to burn me with her straightener ah help!!!!!
Party is cancelled
gl today man
august, august, you are evaporating...
The Type Connection website is going to be a great resource for inspiration.
Thanks!
Fairgrounds Field in Robstown.
Used to be home to an independent league baseball team before they folded.
One should always have a life plan.
If not, will fall prey to someone else...
and guess what they have planned for you?
Not much!
I'm hella irritated  i don't really even know why.
He's playing well.
Starting to see him develop some more offensive moves.
He's been working hard on his game.
you can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness...
don't forget the controllers...
don't let him lol 
Dead battery...It HAS to be!
;
Still stunned at hearing singing bluegrass yesterday.
Ain't it a shame to doctornk on a Sunday...?
Yep, and I have video!
Josh Hutcherson is so adorable it's hard not to love him c:
Hey Linda.
Can you tell me about your Spain sale?
My clients are ripping on me.
Your help is so very appreciated.
: your a chef ?
I like to eat :p yepp I love to cook Im really good at it too :
check out Newsie it's been called the Mercedes of Google readers for the iPhone.
Hahaha you have no friends.
Sleeper no more.
RT HBO renews Enlightened, cancels Hung, Bored to Death and How to Make It...
lat.ms/vISJhl via
Thank you and congrats!
I will pass it out to the front desk staff!
because you are amazing I want to ask you this, What do I do if one of my friends is always flirting..hold on losing space...
WWW.reverbnation.com/zigzagdaarsonist .
Bang this for ya good morning
So I'm working late moving a whole lot of data and media to our new back up server...but realized I can watch the game in our client suite.
Remember, the First Place winner in the Last Way Station Mega Book Tour Sweepstakes wins a Kindle Fire!
.
sallieson shirtoff snorkelon insidetheNBA please make a rap out if this I beg of you.
Rockthered !
Let's go
lol, no...
mini mart my friend works at in town.
i know i say this every week, but this has seriously been the longest week
You  should do a morning show.
I'd listen.
RT : Ok, so let's come up w/ a show idea for morning show....
Thx for the follow!
For any of your Vegas needs let us know what we can do for you.
Cheers!
for the first time i opened the plane window and watched our ride from LA to Ohio.
conqueringfears planes suck..but i'm getting better
HAHAHAHA yes it is!!!
I need instructions on how to use this instagram
Rejoice and love yourself today, cause baby you were born this way.
I'll try to believe in that.
Just not now
Any goodmorning mentions ?
I've used Max  Mult Oppositions.
Really like them both.
Lynn Williams' SCIP software really helps generate stimuli
thanks bro
If you have to resort to violence to solve a problem, then you've already lost the issue...
Check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
3am and I'm wide awoke, WTF over!!!
Time to shoot out text messages and see who is up.
My wife says I tweet too much so I decided to tweet that...
RT The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits.
Albert Einstein quote
Quote for the day: Talent is a gift, Character is a choice.
Coach Larry Brown
we're giving away goodies so follow to find us after the show
isn't she adorable?!
And yeah, she's pretty smart.
Not a baby though, about 5 years old :
Knowledge, networks and capital are your biggest weapons in the business world..
Saw a picture on tumblr of gummy bears being doctorwned in Smirnoff....
MouthWatering :9
Team Jacob or Team Edward??
Thou shalt not commit adultery, unless in the mood.
: woke up feeling very strange this morning.
not my body, but my mind.
stop doctornking syrup with French Montana.
Sounds perfect.
RT : Sitting outside, doctornking out of a mason jar, listening to it's the simple things in life.
Hope it went well!
A human can hold in so much, until they finally blow up.
Cry, scream, complain.
Sometimes they can't control themselves.
i refuse to ever use a PC in my house!
U know what it stands for right....
straight upiece ofrap :p
ReasonsThatImSIngle Because i am waiting for Marriage.
read Genesis 2:24
Brewers Win.
1st in the Division.

wov12 kara swisher: we r Moving out of a geeky phase in tech.
Like how we take electricity for granted and do not worship it
Tax rate inequity.
That's REAL class warfare!
Ahh!
Well, when you want to expand, we have a cute little town here in the hills of Indiana you can use.
:
make me 
haha anyways..
Im not even tired u tweeker.
I saw kingofhearts and she gained some weight...
do u have the full song yet?
Incorporating the first thing can only help.
Rt : I don't read books I read people
After silence,after cries,after thoughts, u realize life goes on after that frustration,after that happiness,after that pain, after sadness
I told you the odds of the Mega Million were 1 in 1,760,000 but I meant 1 in 176 million.
Just a few hundoctord thousands off.
No I don't know who's coming...
I just thought it'd be...
Tense if even a couple of them showed up.
Now with Stephen Wolfram on computation and its impact.
Did you just get them??
I'm still stuck in the virtual waiting room :
How much paper has that sucker gone through so far?
:P
watching  learning as presents their virtual CIL lightning RoundUp!
The refs favor Robbie Hummel like no other
Ready for the easter egg hunt
we're looking for coaches in the MKE area...and help or suggestions would be great!
Want to make a change in your life?
You can change anything!
Find out how at the Center of LightMilwaukee.
OLLU Softball  Won 53 over University of the Southwest
for realzzz!!
I can hear her saying lamlam baby in my head right now!
im tryna make things right
Wind gusts up to 50mph on New Year's Day.
WIND ADVISORY from 8am to 8pm.
thingsigetalot I LOVE YOUR DIMPLES : 
IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im gonna do charity work  save Africa.....
SPEECHLESS IT WAS AMAZING my mom was signing to it too I LOVED IT IT MADE MY DAY : 3
Venti Hot Chocolate
HEY.
25 is NOT old.
RT : Pumped about 's sponsorship!
We love their Greek yogurt  now eating it supports TeamUSA!
I still strongly believe Brittney Griner is a man.
even if you dint follow me
RT:I was born fatherless, raised a slave,turned to Dark Side killed my true love.Borderline personality disorder?Bite me CNN.
About time to tear up the links.
Better be stacking that wallet
and I send like 4 more.
I'm getting way too carried away with PowerPoint already...
IWishPeopleWouldJust remain in refined light while I'm trying to take their bloody picture.
I don't care.
Kamani Hill still  Edward Johnson
Work now, play later
is a fan freaking tastic writer...
we can all definitely learn a thing or two from his writing.
very very ugly!
Never mess with Directioners!:
Im looking for a house
RT we love They're catching sets , Afterburn, and Switchblade Glory on Saturday.
Are you?
wow I told you the fix was in
In the deli
Tour  facts by cell phone at the Miami Seaquarium.
Good sponsorship opportunity.
Happy Earth Day, ColoradoSprings!
We're excited to be here!
AUDJPY 38fib didn't hold.
Risk just took a dump.
All the need now is a win tonight and they wrap up the division and conference
that scares me!
Lol
You bet Liz, my pleasure!
ohreally you think your Chris Brown???
lmao
RT : It'll be Friday tomorrow which means you should call in sick and get up to Breck for our closing weekend!
The library breaths / Words, pages, whispers, secrets / Open up a book
Where are my tax returns!!
soimpatient 
Support your brother Sport brother Support your brother Sport brother Support your brother Sport brother Support your brother Sport brother
lol.
where u tried to go to.
xs?
BBDC TABLES ARE SOLD OUT FOR NYE!
JOIN US AT THE BAR FOR A 40 COVER CHARGE WHICH INCLUDE A MIDNIGHT TOAST!!!!
DJ THERESA IS IN THE HOUSE!!!
Girls have to go through a long list of painful things.
the least guys can do is text us first!
oh you're partisan political pros!
Cool have fun doing them both.
They've been planning the UI change for awhile.
Maybe they're using the redesign as an excuse for a reboot?
It's unnecessary
is at a shooting.
Early reports say 3 shot.....working to confirm that information.
Omg.
send me that original pic of her, I want to make one hahah
looking forward to having you All City Event in April!
Hey.
Keep tweetn'
Yeah, that is even more crazytalk then your class.
Talking and human interaction are good.
Plus, it meant I could avoid my paper :
Hey dude.
Wanna meet somewhere in the hotel and I'll show you the wonder that is ReelWorld Mornings??
Flying into Dallas in the morning.
Weekend ok n Texas/Louisiana, should be fun!
Damn i have litterally like no tweets on this account wow
: When you master the art of being fully awake to this moment, you bestow a precious gift on your soul  the experience of love.
I don't either!
Please send me the logo, can't wait to see.
Busygood!
I've been in a creative funk this week...must get out.
RT : Getting pumped for LinC!!
Follow us
AJSJDNZMSHDKSLAJSKDLDH!!!
Up by 7 with like five minutes to go.
Winning this determines whether or not we go to the play offs.
I actually would fuck Jennifer Lawrence if I was lez, BUT THATS JUST ME.
: lol
we'll be waiting patiently for your NY visit ;
William Allen White in a music video once more!
My cup runneth over.
Alberta's Last Thursday is from 6pm until 10pm.
Please respect!
You don't have to go home, but you can't stay in the street!
Sleepy after a GREAT workout.
Hate that I have to wake up again for laundoctor
I swear the F I Weezy F Baby changes everytime this nigga wayne make a song...
do you want to have free peertopeer classes taught by ppl at occupypgh?
RT You all should definitely consider following :
seriously, shushed today as if i were two
where'd she go
Is it possible to be in love with someone who has absolutely no desire to love you back?
Or tht they just hate?
Or don't notice you?
LOL I wrote the 2009 article and am planning on updating it.
Thanks
The secret is out and in the open.
Absolutely LOVE !!!
See you in class one day?
you sure?
I havent bought my ticket yet.
Thanks for the mention!
Cabby and DirtBag with the SWEET dp.
Lowe again is a
I spent 1 hour and 15 minutes Bicycling.
978 calories burned.
Obama: every child should get a worldclass ed.
I looked for WAARF and the app crashed
On my way to the mall
Moms givin me a hard time again n im at the store w/out er.I just had 2 take a walk.Tryin 2 take ur advice.words I keep in my 3
Just updated my resume.
Now, the world is at my feet!
Oh my...The Help is just wonderful.
I don't want it to end...at least I have the movie to look forward to.
lol and yh me and her talked she like jay so it's all good but yh I love all of them just I like Nathan a lil better
Community Organizers gain greater dependents/followers/supporters and POWER by exacerbating conflict or exaggerating, avoidance of solution
I just bought maybelline waterproof.
Stayed on during my workout the other day.
It was cheap too!
Get ready, sperrywedding engagement party!
Mah hah.
Still in the car.
Sammi's sleeping.
Finally went pee.
About to be in camp Pendleton.
Almost home...
I want to sleep.
i'm at work twitting
did I say I miss myspace and hate facebook
wheres Grace Jones ?
I mean, I just don't want you to turn into one of those guys who use a girl just for bad things..
among other things.....
Who missed us???
Yeah buddy RT AYE LOOC OUT 4 MY FAM HE ON HIS WAY TO PERFORM  SECRET SUNDAY!!!
juxtaposition, its a word...right?
I am going to ace this anatomy quiz tomorrow!
Whoa.
Go Alma Mater.
Congrats Dave : Dave Leach '97 wins again on Jeopardy!
78,000 and counting
if commits to UK, how does next years team compare to the 2012 National Championship team??
Yes!
RT : Thanks to for the great treats!
smcnsb We will have to make it there for a meal!
And a mojito ;
how do you make a youtube video???
well sorry 4 the bother..
:D
Some people like to make of life an infield, and to walk only within its paths.
RT Jack Cust Walks To The Yankees
Geek night 2012 is coming back in Feb.
This year we will have video games, prizes and so much more.
Welcome back Geeks and Nerds!
Acute Bacterial Sinusitis  one cardinal sign is facial pain or pressure
You know what you should do?
Follow !
Just press that follow button.
Pretty please with a cherry on top?
I've had this discussion with friends before.
I'm so glad we weren't alone in our analysis of characters.
Oh I am!
And the doctors laughed when I asked about him being able to tweet from the womb, THE FOOLS!
Thank you for the mention!
never tried Sprout.
As you can see there are a million tools out there.
Hard to exp w/ all of them.
yes:P
I'm waiting for your response
protip: Calling your behavior shamless implies shame.
No shame  no need to say so.
See: shameless plug, shameless selfpromotion, etc.
Wow what a bitch bye.
na but they got more of a chance than the heat
them r really gold
S/o to the hoes that go to delaware w/ heels on !
BITCH its a fucking PARK!
Fuck you tryna look cute for?
in bed....
How can i fall asleep?
What a shot
Its weird to me that in the age of bigdata that we need movements to get the US to publish the statistical abstract, BLS and NLS surveys.
thanks for following.
Do you train cyclists?
what i really meant to say is im sorry for the way i am, i never meant to be so cold.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
May 2012 be good to you.
Amen!
RT : We don't need a football team in Los Angeles...
It's officially July, which means I'll be in Seoul, South Korea in less than a month.
Wowzers.
Austin Carter.
Ok so you're going to do GREAT an extraordinary things in MIA.
I pray that you succeed in any any everything
dude, that sucks.
Sorry to hear that.
Hi Tyra thank u 4 all the encouragement u give 2 young girls.
Besides, who knows how to wait, always gets the best.
text me, asap.
Oh.....I live in Hillbilly heaven and a 2 bedoctorom house rents for 300..lol
4th quarter underway
can't get enough of, Ugly Part of Me  It's been on repeat the last coupla days...
..thanks for the retweet.
Glad you liked the article/video!
Therese'
Handle it like a baller..take that shit to the grave.
Successful day of shopping with momma!
Smile like a doughnut  peck like a chicken  DO IT
That really amazing moment when you have a five page essay due tomorrow, however then you find an old essay you can reuse instead.
iv had dj coolaid for over 20yrs so u tell me..
To secure your brand, spend more of your time networking outside of your company than within.
yea right
We prefer the second logo.
And yes, always place the icon left of the text like you suggest.
Realized I'm emailing someone whose addoctorss is barthur.
Naturally, I wanna watch Golden Girls with some vanilla bean cheesecake
Thanks for the follow!
appreciate your business Ryan!: RT : 303 has been goto since high school on the NorthShore
hey where in Florida are you gonna be ?!?!
:
K unimpressed that I am traveling to Boston.
What is she gonna do, color all day?
Yeah, that's what I thought
Good to know!
We're heading back to doc on Friday so I will mention.
Working at the as usual.
my thoughts exactly.
Only a couple more hours until PersonOfInterest's season finale.
New website and facebook coming soon!!
Today is garb.
I wanna go back to sleep.
THANK YEW
Team work makes the doctoramwork
Wow, but I'm wondering why it's so expensive if it's plastic???
Just got my Alice costume!!
Now doctorss rehearsal for the rest of the day/night ;
lol do you ...
Well hi im justin
sports ass?
You mean ?
That's not nice ...
Which lens?
The one that came with your Canon Rebel!
If you need to zoom in, walk forward!
Love it.
idk, I think it's a strange coincidence that both things happened together.
What I do know is, T sizzle tore his acl!
I really want to go on vacation.
Team headtohead results aren't that important for an individual award based on an enitre season of work
It's Hot , I Want To Get Wet .
I want to be an actress.
haha yeeaaah unfortunately...
I got more blood taken from me
where are you seeing this?
I hate a lazy female that doesn't do anything 2 keep herself up
Where are all ya southern belles from?
You represent for us Capricorns!!:
that's a strange and frustrating glitch!
GO BEAT THOSE CUBBIES!
Let'sEndThisHuntingTrip
we love your bio.
You seem like an original guy.
Still trying to figure out what your business does?
Can you fill us in?
not so giggly now huh?!
:
IM SCARED...
Great weekend by far with Kylee!!!:
it won't let me order that unless i change the top from united states to united kingdom lol :/ thanks though!
x
Never thought I'd see the name Joe Satriani on Twitter.
You win a multicolored guitar with hand holder.
funny how you didnt mention the major violation against bsu was in tennis....letting a nonstudent participate in a event...
There are a few flakes starting to fall in the DTC.
And so it begins!
I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite.
nahh that just meant what he was saying to them..he may be better on air than he is at coaching
Yes!
now!
: pleasee!
Please welcome These Old Guys!
Friday night  always Thai from Mai Thai.
Always.
I just found that out today.
Why can't I think of these simple things!!
Behind every great man is a great woman
Someone's playing a too noisy game on Skype.
but we love 'em anyway.
LOL!
RT : .
i'm planning to start a blog in next wks; my first post is debunking the MBA myth.
it's lazy MBAs that build...
Trusted relationships beat social networks every time.
via Sammy Haroon at
To access Oracle support you must have a flashenabled browser.
Shep Smith nailed it: Politics is weird.
And creepy.
And lacks even the loosest attachment to anything like reality.
Great bunch, so excited for June!
RT

Welcome Mark!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
WWtheDudeD?
Usually help me sleep.
Six under six or Jared which do you associate wit subway ?
Both are the same campaign
Polone: Hollywood's Most Important Phone Rule  Vulture
They should just arrest everyone in State College, PA then I guess.
It's a small town, how could everyone not know?
your welcome!!
Just got on twitter
I can fly oh crap!
xD
Great rounds today bringing it today!
I'm on the under/sf as well.
That fg sets up best case scenario for both.
woooww your music is awesome thank u for following, over it is my favorite song, keep on rockin to the Lord guys
A favor is a favor when it actually IS a favor.
text me please
Santa Claus is coming to town!
Mark you calendars for the 85th Annual Milwaukee Holiday Parade on Saturday, November 19th at 9:30am.
Our ego mind holds us strongly within the 3rd dimensional illusion.We must release this habit of holding onto the mind.
I'm just now breathing
DS: Bernard Pollard.
johnny depp in everything he's done
Hi!
I KNOW!
: you know we always hold on with hope!
Willow Smith  Whip My Hair.
Yes!
RT : It's not a spoiler that Carl is the worst kid ever.
Tiger is still going to win this thing, but best of luck to Freddy!
that's awesome!!
Heat fans aren't the ones that brings LeBron's name in the conversation.
it be y'all salty ass Laker fans 
sounds like a deal.
You inviting anyone else?
Hopefully Talia comes tomorrow.
My mom needs too give me some money for some doctorgs.
You Rock!
Wish I was there...
at least you woke up to a capitals victory?
RT RT : The short term pain of change is far better than the long term pain of staying the same.
There we go Lebron..
doctorve it in
had a fantastic afternoon of music at the Newseum with my hubby and friends: Eli Staples, Mike Michael Pope and Jamieson Tobey!!
I cant do homework without listening to music .lol
Playing for country fans last night, clubbing it up tonight.
I love people.
Wherever they are.
girls on my dick when i dope boy swagg, bitches on my dick when i dope boy swagg hahaa Jammin Hit
A7: Dont want focus on me, but psychic toll of repeated layoffs is enormous where it played out.
Probably underestimated.
is he black?
i thought he was peurto rican / filipino?
you are not right!
Good Morning !
:
New York would be lucky to have you!
I hear that shift was expected by the end of this year??
I'm good I see you over there with 3k of followers
lets go to a party!
Great panel!
Thankyou everyone who attended!
Anyone have that Fighting Bob quote used at turnin celebration last night?
I'd love to have the whole thing.
Very nice pic!!
:
loved your spreadsheet though!
Thanks for the love Rocelle :   your music :
Hey I thought you should know I successfully opened a package of cheese in less than 5 mins tonight
One of those days where I hate everything
Exactly.
RT : Choosing low maintenance, long lasting products v/s disposable goods based on price only.
vra2012 Knowing your rights is the first and most important step to asserting your rights  Gordon Quinn
Twitter is desensitizing death.
TONIGHT at 6 p.m.: Freedom Riders documentary screening and preshow discussion with Julian Bond  Larry Sabato at
Is it just us or does it feel like March in November?
Minnesota leads 1410 with 11:49 in the half.
who that ugly bastard at the bus with fake polo on
Now here comes the high tide of all the memories she left inside.
These thoughts are so consuming, she seeks relief and longs to be free..
just realized im following Bill Nye.
my hottest childhood crush for sure.
lol.
Tues good east,west or in the middle somwhere?
Just got back from prom  the club.
I am beat!
oh really??
Q for ILL peeps: a patron ILLs something, no one will supply.
How many of you suggest alternate sources?
Long lashes don't care 3
Checking out the work of Helen van meene, hendoctork kerstens, Jill Greenberg, Jordan Tate and Todd hido
You're simply a great person, don't forget it.
Crutches SUCK.
Are you cold?
No i just got the chills.
....so you're cold.
Got the homies coming in from LA this weekend to celebrate a bachelor party it's bout to go dine hol up
Interesting to hear Wiley talk about student's emotional needs and how they want to addoctorss them with their products.
going to workout after work to BeGreat and stay productive
lol...
I'm not comin out until i see some sun
Everyone I come in contact w lately has been speaking one of my desires into existence....
in due time
BadCauldoctornSongIdeas Mama said Nagamura
I take it you don't place it on a flat surface, OTHERWISE you wouldn't be moaning about it.
I need to tell you something..
aw she looked good with long hair
yeah i update on random dates haha.
ahh yeah i'm just feeling weird /:
who's ryan Sykes beingthick name rings a bell?3
We love the new song by ah
Whats the time limit two dudes can talk about hair products?
LOL!
Before I was a frustated singer!
LOL!
I can host too.
You should dance, put it on video and upload it on youtube.
Why am I awake right now!?!?!
My body needs more than 4.5 hours of sleep....grrr.....
I need a hug.
I like Nebraska buy 1 point , Ohio St.
buy 1 7 , Michigan to win buy 2 points take 3
If only someone had twisted their ankle  1st alternate Tebow got the call, he probably would have saved the Pro Bowl.
SO Ready For Late Night Tonight..
Especially After What Just Happened .
Good Distracter :
so aruba then?
K great!
Try our Social Strategies.
We integrate New Media and deliver results!
Was there even ANY contact?
Far less than Ray Rice/Gary Brackett last week.
Running to peckham really quickly I need food.
Why do I like this spanish song so much?
I'm not a beaner!
I'm not a dirty beaner!
Reggie Evans is my favorite Clipper.
Looking up sources on academic women and writing for next week's femlead chat makes me think I should dig deeper into this.
Finished a mix for the song Tilt by Sometimes Sweetness.
Looking forward to mixing The Paper Trail's live at The Elbo Room.
but is it all the way live?
Its another Wednesday morning but tomorrow is fall break so I'm happy bout that!

So, what do you want to do today, Brain??
Shhhhh You!
Its GENIUS!x
Opportunity seems to have an uncanny habit of favoring those who have paid the price of years of preparation.
Unknown Author
It tastes nothing like your delicious Kellis Cuppy Cakes :
Rise and shine early to get ready for playoff football.
GodBless but still laughing at the haters at home playing golf already!!
thanks for inspiring me to try an live my doctoram and act these quotes help me every day!3 please follow it would make my day:
I read your blog.
I know your heathen ways.
where are you headed?
Happy Halloween From All of us at SenSpa!
Oh shit it's not my twitter.
If you knew the way my older brothers treated me you'd be happy that I'm confined to the internet.
Thank you, , for following :
You text back an hour later,, so i'll text back an hour later..
works like that sometimes lol.
wahh no : fine then abby good luck getting believe tickets by yourself.
: if u guys were on idol....
i would go nuts!!!
that would be awesome would 3 to perform on
hmm.
didnt know my ex still had my number.
lol
that sounds terrible.
I remember when Jameson shots were a trend.
And the winner of the Efromyson Award for Excellence in Cultural Tourism Development is...
!
Woohoo!
your players are
Harvey's Restaurant and Bar on Castro St for dinner?
Warmup: Leg Swings.
Stand parallel to your support on left leg, swing right leg straight out in front, then back.
Repeat 10x per leg.
Just picked up a house.
Not with my muscles but with our customer service quality.
And I never heard back from you on the benzo loan after your cat's suggestion.
You're false.
I LIKE YOUR
4500 goes to
scifi is more realistic than we think, we might even live to see it.
Everything is accelerated
guarantee Mizzou is getting a foul called on them here...
I like bootyhole.
Food labels silent on meat glue Binding agents may violate religious, vegetarian practices.
This issue is similiar to pink slim!
Anit too many like me left!!!!!
: ordered 100 pretzels today from for our OktoberFest event tonight!
cc/  thanks SEP!
Huh???
: I ain't gay.
I'm just saying....if Omarion shaved his mustache I'd fuck.
It's Miller Time!

jonathanemartin creativity is the key to success in the future
Hey hun, thanks for the Toronto Love!
Looking forward to connecting.
thank u
RT Now getting ready for dinner with and , with doctornks with to follow.
Xoxo
We currently dont have an international release date scheduled but expect to have news on this soon.
Thanks.
A friend has a unique story  believe Ryan would be the best person who can bring it to life in either a feature film or TV :
hey was their sicence homework?
I fukks with
I'm lookin' California...but feelin' Minnesota
Yesterday we just childoctorn..playing solders just pretending...in backyards winning battles with wooden swords..
Look at the spam email subjects: My boyfriend left me.
I am acqueline Santiago LOL
you're to kind :
u better call J.G.
Wentworth!
It's my money and I need it NOW!!!
haha!
Maybe I understand
Barracks row!
W/ B2!
Meeting
If you work really hard and youre kind, amazing things will happen.
17th, works man.
Shoot me an email, with pic,bio,
Needs to be a social media site for people who can't sleep.
Those three laughs that every music artist feels the need to do 
Ugh he needs to text me
Bears holding on to premarkets.
Indicators for negative open....Like this, yesterday.
Reversed before open w/up day...
Watching Daddy's Little Girl.
Interview with the Social Vampire.
wcphilly How to promote your blog posts: Keep stats regarding who links to you, what posts make money, etc.
i promise....
that was the tired speaking....
My reality today: I've never had it so good.
Can't wait to be in NYC cooking.
And playing of course
Well that was unexpected.
Kiss her on the neck and tell her everything is great!
New favorite album: Arrow, by HeartlessBastards, which I've owned for about 45 minutes.
thanks man.
it's not just you googledocs won't load for me either
your not!
And yup
Annoyed To The Max!!!!!!!
I just thank God for letting me play that last game with you
Yup I do.lol
WHY DID I NEVER SEE THIS???
Omg so awesome!
YEAH That's my girl!!!
You deserved it!
totally voted for you 
Reminder: You can sign up for our super secret mission mailing list on our website: HoustonFlashmob.com
Ring The Bell Radio will be moving to Thursday Nights.
More info to come
Thanks for mention!
Have a good day!
microbes are
Y yes I do Hav an attitude problem if you have a problem with it its your problem not mine 3 
It's almost gametime!
It's now GAMEDAY!
all day baking away!..new flavor along with the crowd favorite will be given at the dog paw park event
The best part of a trip is waking up at 5AM
: For me, it's my Pokemon cards!
I'm set forever.
gotta catch em all!!
The opponents of action are out of excuses  POTUS is getting some great oneliners in tonight.
well said.
rock it tonight buddy!
I seem to be unable to direct message you on twitter...
Can you send us email at ?
THANKS!!!
Interviewed earlier today by regarding WI Castle Doctrine law.
Stay tuned for 10PM news and we'll see how it turned out.
When will someone offer an amendment applying a user fee to those who propose marriage at stadium with Jumbotron assistance?
Niggas be hatin' on my Pierce The Veil shirt.
Dey wont sqaure up doe.
Today was a good day.
I love spending time with my all my seniors.only have a short amount of time where we can still even hold that title.
Same for Graywolf.
RT : A4: My internship at Milkweed was my entree into publishing.
OH!
Lol!
; Yes, definitely!
That would be so awesome if you could meet him  write a piece on it!
Keep us posted.
Covering Mother's Day, Father's Day  Anniversary all for 6?
Smart shopping!
; 
damn lie.
says when life brings ya down, get up, punch it in the face, and yell Im Chuck Norris!!
Being greedy never pays....I'll stop sending them your way!
I'm stranded at my house without a car.
Who wants to bring me a salad?
3
You was talkin sht...Until we were face2face....
Sounds great.
I'll probably be down in the restaurant/bar.
If you can't find me, tweet at me.
YES !!
it really has ...but i knw we both just been doin our own thang so its understandable
that's what best friends are for!
Even if we aren't always together, I can still help keep you sane 
My friends are the greatest.
sounds good
watching the video of zayn dancing for the 947698347698th time.....
GOD DAMMIT MALIK, WHY ARE YOU SO HOT.
If I didn't have a cell phone, I would get so many more hours of sleep.
Thanks for the FF mention!
When you're not having a good day but when the simplest thing is done by someone special, that one happy moment makes up for that bad day
I think dark chocolate is my favorite thing on this earth 
Really?
Wow.
Y U MAD LAMO!!
Looking forward to seeing you !
Excited to hear about your life as a dad.
We'll have to share baby pics.
:
Happy Monday!
Have you submitted your film today?
What's SK?
I'm doing okay.
Juggling my time trying to look for a job and writing articles for a website.
It's all good.
Haha.
After TriciaRose socialjustice talk, told bullshitting panhandler claiming to be transit worker sarcastic good luck!
When my dad tells me I can't cook Bacon .
that's why he's crusty.
dies of happiness RT : it's not much but here, It's from the Pacific: .....
I feel like I have neglected twitter today.
:
Goodmorning early birds.
It's Friday let's do what we got to do then let's doctornk!
I just remembered I PASSED THE FCAT!!!!
Follow Me If You Want To Live...
night
ItsABadDayWhen You ask your Girlfriend to give you a BlowJob and she responds
I want to see such meaningless phrasing banned from the English language myself.
Looking at peer institution English Major degree requirements.
You may be seeing it right, but the officiating still sucks.
Progressively worse over past decade for some reason.
is it me
thanks for invite last nights mixer in Danville.
Suzy n I enjoyed meeting potential candidates..see you 9/16 Palo Alto mixer!
Haha!
Any war wounds?
I wasn't able to take stairs for 4 days when I ran toughmudder!
Working on Saturday is hard to do, but hard work can bring some money that's new.
If migrants are seen as good enough to work, then why arent they good enough to stay?
Fish tacos with the girls...
then were watching Brides Maids!
...no, wait...I'm not doing any of that...
and who are the Girls!?!
V
Open kitchen living rooms are so beautiful and nice way to flow the scent through the house!
RT : At home students are unsatisfied w/an iPad v.1, says Nivi, in the classroom paper/pencil is supposed to satisfy
So y'all still want to compare Michael Jordan with Kobe and Lebron..
refinanceloan: HMDA revisited: the date is fast approaching for release of Home Mortgage Disclosure Act data for 20
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.47
Interested in Affiliate Marketing in the healthcare category for childoctorn?
Check out our website for more info on our awardwinning program.
do you have a preference for how to order boards and what to make as the cover image?
Just figured that my Fischer Vacuum Pro tennis racket is turning 20 this year!
Michael Stich won Wimbledon with it 1990!
Yes, I'm that guy mixing Johnnie Walker Blue and Diet Coke.

you  send me some pics :
Does anyone ever wanna punch in the face as hard as I wanna on a hourly basis?
Chillin..
It's hot in ur room ...
Blah haha or just bcause I'm here?
Tonight was a fun going away party but more excited for tomorrow.
As you have no ramantiki, you're not ideal, but I love you!
Just because you are:
If I ever own anything of value, I'm hiring Mike Smith to protect it.
lololol I'm having fun with this
Global Positioning Systems conceived in the 1970s were fully tested as the result of the First Gulf War.
Riverwest Pub Crawl in progress!
Run, walk, or crawl to Bliffert Hardware for plinko and free beer!
Woo hoo!
Cute doctorss!
Love that!
Early May!
I'm so excited.
wear a coat to work year round!
that's the lesson we've learned :/
meet  JazzyDalia   Tom played guitar on the single I've been pushing...
i owned on halo 3 HAHAHAHA
Can't wait for the matches today!!!
Barcelona/Real Madoctord :lets go real madoctord and Arsenal/Chelsea : let's go gunners!
are you playing words with friends?
no.
do you want to?
Seeking physical  occupational therapist to work with geriatric patients in central oh
iPads impact at Faculty Connect  score: people w/iPads  60; pen  paper  40; laptops  0.
Different kind of digital devide.
im cryi bought UPN somewhere else cause the 1st day it came out in Canada it wasnt in Walmart.
the copy i bought didnt have cards
will you please tweet us who wins outstanding wrestler?
We are!!!!
Boys are doing great!
Well, I do know the 50 states because of it!
Hm.
For some reason I can't get access to my DMs from the cli.
I figured it was auto correct or astrology, thanks :
follow me :
Signing off...
until next month
This Sat we'll be vending the doctorgoons Car Club Nite of the Hot Rods at Riverview Lodge, Antioch, CA 411pm.
See you there!
Did some shopping today at Macys.
The store was not too crowded

major league do major things let them bitches do hater things .
rich
North Texas' Chelsea Hermes wins both the high jump and shot put in the women's hep to take an early lead in the competition.
Red wine  dark chocolate are such a good way to end the day...you agree, Miss ?
Merry Holidays y'all!
Butter!
are u guys stoping in west virginia?
If so when and where?
This is Zoies friend Tasha.
I just wanted to let u know I'm amazing!!!
Ya ur jello I know!!
Love u!
Peace out!
How can I love you if you wont lie down?
Would it make you jealous if I said I met Slim Aarons several times?
Wow, never thought I'd get to doctorp that name.
ThatAwesomeMoment When you thought Jordan Jefferson sucked and then he finishes dead last 315/315 at the NFL combine.
one of the sweetest tweets to me...thanks!!!
Tomorrow is the best time to get those projects done you have been putting off.
Share what that is for you then get it done.
Died and went to heaven in the Thank you Debbie for all your help.
Dear msnbc and advertisers, When you put Ron Christie on your air, I CHANGE THE CHANNEL.
The best bday present ever would be to have or notice me!
21
LP Thursday!
Come listen to records all day or bring your own.
Happy hour 47pm, wine tasting all day4 wines for 14.
All CA wines.
Enjoy
IfIRuledTheWorld I'd still need to get Grover Norquist's approval for all decisions.
Baited RT : You need to read the comments thread from my QA at The Daily Gopher.
Holy fuck.
I either got baited
I love your tweets!
Very refreshing...
That's just weird.
Cool, but weird.
The Hollywood arsonist needs to be captainred and BBQ'd
If you want good music, you need to follow
It was good to see ya!
Thanks for coming
i fall in love with you a little more every day.
dear future, what do you hold?
I gotta make sure my 100th instagram picture is epic.
Maybe I should take a picture of my dick...
its on my computer and happens to envolve you two lol
Good night everyone,....
sweet doctorams
hahh hilarious and true!
Did you know that you can have 90 blockage in your atreries and have no signs or symptoms?
Hmm.
Hmm...
another more GIS than web mapping talk at httq.
Interesting to see how web mapping fits in this talk.
u don't even know my bday
i just might be the first person to do a major paper entirely on their iPhone while at work
June 12th my birthday.
ima cop that RT : MY EP 1991 WILL BE RELEASED DIGITALLY ON MAY 29th and PHYSICALLY ON JUNE 12th!
I just got butter flies over a boy!
Welcome to Dallas where a BC alum was just elected mayor!
The money bag is on 5th st in queens!
Join  nychunt.com if you know the location!
wow, thank you!
so i guess we better bring it next time!
Whoops.
I had my glasses on damn it.
it's The Hour U First BELIEVED !!
thanks for spreading the joy
Lmao .
RT Got a kiss in the wain from on Thursday!
:D lol 
My number is 0014
Anyone want to take bets on how much work I'm getting done today?
Interesting.
Are they official accounts?
thank you for sharing the info!
Stopped for a water break with 21 minutes left in the first half.
Game is scoreless
Nah, it's not anymore!!
:
Adub fan trivia: win a shoutout!
1st to answer correctly gets one.
Q: what's 's dog's name?
just reminding you that I love you and your amazing!!!
oh my grandebutera, i know right?!
oh i wish i can have her perfect voice!
She can hit ANY note!!
she's so talented
I'll take that back .
Prod clearly enjoyed that .
Him  Roc gone be talking bout this for years !
Did you know we're collecting lightly used purses 4 Help4Hygiene?
Yes, donate 2 a need Ask how!
Way too many have mentally chosen not to leave.
RT Sometimes...I just want to slap the high school out of people.
you're a whore, and I don't want you in my life anymore.
I love how pokemon white is constantly sold out but black is on the shelves in surplus...
Excited to be livetweeting 2night's SOTU with !
Let us know what you want to hear about
Thx for the follow Follow my friends  they
C'mon JetBlue was the original go to example of companies doing good things in social.
loving We are Young playing by on also voted for Some nights for badass :
Walked out on JoyfulNoise last night.
Predictable plot and very bad acting.
Fail Felt like a Tyler Perry version Glee Don't waste your 
Difference between school  life: In school, youre taught a lesson then given a test.
In life, youre given a test that teaches you a lesson.
Dear Churches chicken okra, Thanks for teaching me how to doctorve standard with one hand  thanks again for being so damn delicious!
www.facebook.com/teamtwilightuk
good luck Timmy!
So much amazingness surrounds you right now!
I want to be a hot model like the ones from victoria secret!
doctorams and be filthy rich 
my dogs name is bella too :
we sure do across from hot topic!
there's also a JT shoes across from the cafe du monde
I wanted to talk to you after your show at the Roxy last week but couldn't find you.
It was good seeing you boys again though!
Love Chris' bk too Should be required reading
Pedicure for me :
Excellent, thanks!
friend of hers owns The Hub.
6pm tonight , Lyles Center, we will be screening Something Ventured.
Food and doctornks will be provided.
Come hungry, leave full  inspired
the round red fox jumped under the lazy dog.
Enjoying The Hoodoo Gurus' amazing STONEAGE ROMEOS album for the millionth time.
Never get tired of that one!
Every song's a hit!
whatever race had the most zeros.
9397
Last soccer game.
wishmeluck Hangout after?
Alright!: Well ill be home at 9:30 with scores.
Gonna be behind the bar all day tomorrow at .
Even if you want to, like, nurse a beer  compliment my outfit or whatever, it's cool
Where's my bikini body?
I ordered it like 6 months ago..
Errands and gym later :
Astonishing how fast your view of the world constricts once you give up the pursuit of knowledge.
Keep your mind open.
Never stop learning.
Flemings burger is way better than JJs.
Couldn't pass that up.
Please lord let my basement be doctor
I can always count on you for ideas!
There are certainly a lot of bingo cards to choose from on the internets.
Gold on the Ceiling
tbj have to go with the truth just on the basis of him doing it for so long and he also has a post game love harden though
3 runs then hold them, please!
awesome please do!!!!
Thank you for all who joined us for day 1 of The New African Democracy We will meet again tomorrow morning at 9am
Clashes reported in Bahrain between security forces and protester today.
You know it!
BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb hey haters, would you like a side of fries with that large order of bullshit??
lol
sick of living here
Watching snl reruns on netflix and I think Jason Sudeikis is cute.
I have a thing for funny guys...or had I should say lol
NAEA Museum Ed Div embarks on the creation of a national research agenda to articulate the value of art museums for learning.
Just got out of HungerGames.
No one told me that it's essentially a violent remake of Coal Miner's Daughter.
will be back soon!
foodcon for the win.
Good food doctornks art and air.
It's the great American conundoctorm.
Why are the Kardashians still famous?
I retweet a lot, sorry.
I'm so Hyper today!
:
: Guess I got my swagga back!!
coachellalive
Bo got tender!
Rock Chalk ....
or something like that ...
i'm shooting a music video for shot's fired this saturday afternoon.
ok im gong back to class now
since when i hate:/
Tattooers/painters should I get an iPad?
Having a garge sale pretty slow
Thanks for the follow.
Have a blessed night.
Super mother's day services going on at at 9  10:30 this morning!
Come on out.
so excited, sleepover with hayley on Monday?
Harry Nilsson springy Sunday
perfect day in ATX  so glad I can enjoy it AND do some creative work for clients.
Hope everyone enjoys the beautiful weather outside.
Have a great weekend everyone!
GamerPickupLines They don't call me the Tomb Raider for nothing ;
Most of the people are leaving today from LoveVoodoo, but I am staying thru Wednesday!
woo hoo
RT I love SF doctorfting LaMichael James as he will bring to their offense what Darren Sproles brought to SD  NO.
wait are you calling yourself a jackwagon?
Lol
It doesn't seem like any artistic compromises were made on LaMontagne's part.
Gotta get paid, no?
can't wait to watch him make history again.
Going to miss him in Rio though.
call me
Isn't that the truth!!
: Love it!
i almost went there for dinner tonight!
I'm gonna name my child sheik yabooty.
I would sooner read a timetable or a catalogue than nothing at all.
The chips and soda underneath really cap off the shot
Did you like that?
Christine is the most fabulous photographer/designer/creative genius.
She does everything for Cristo Rey Jesuit!
One thing I will never understandbegging a celebrity for a retweet.
Is their acknowledgement of your existence that important?
Megan Fox pregnant: Transformers star having her first baby, reports say
I didn't have to, did.
Traffic is so bad that I am able to tweet.
It's not like I'm actually doctorving or anything.
amazing so ballzy to to wait hand gesture than can a 3.
He  Mugsy were legit.
Just saw video from Indiana state fair : /3 so sad
You know it's been a bad day when he says he needs to take out his frustrations on the woodpile.
The Silent Assassin Brandon Roy, one of the NBA's best change of pace and clutchest player's is retiring!
A very big loss for the game!
that is great!
that was hurtful
closing the Dan chapter of my life.
it's been fun but i gotta let you go and do me
Super excited to spin at the NightHeist party tonight.
It's going to be a night to remember
Thanks im very grateful
The Bridesmaids cast is hilarious!
can't wait to see what you learn!
gdgtChicago thanks for stopping by
I've been told.
hey right back at you!
:
Nothing more relaxing that watching the waves!
Which beach are you at?
Tonight!
Greg and the Groovemakers perform for a fitness benefit concert at the Cultural Center!
Everyone is welcome to join in the...
waking up with a big, wide yawn.
bet you can think of something to stuff in my pretty mouth besides breakfast, huh big guy?
cum on then!
: too many negs to keep.
bloat like u said.
2 app pages of crap.
cal app widget non existent.
is everything ok
: team on today tune in now xo
is the best.
3 your tweets ;
Name that cute little Dog Precious.
KLG or Hoda called it that yesterday.
A comfortable old age is the reward of a wellspent youth.....
You're right.
I had two today, two tomorrow.
Good call!
YES.
WANT THE LINK?
My boy bought his chick over yesterday she say josh yo kick game serious I say them my old shoes
He's our great person of everyday here!
Strategize this week!
Monday's are professorssional days of new beginnings.
Today can make of break your week!
Plan it with success in mind!
I am at a lawyers dinner with what has to be one of the pastiest men in America and Great Britain.
True story.
Wondering is he thinking about me
Interesting...: Mediator overrules MLB, orders Stanley Gold/Disney family reinstated to Dodgers bidding.
is packing for WWDC and Shanghai.
Easter in the always seems to deliver.
Needed win though.
Just keep punching.
I was thinking and
I switched to stevia months ago.
Tastes better than many sweeteners  doesn't give me headache like aspartame.
Charlotte peeps: watch WJZY Ch.
8 this evening at 10:35PM.
I'll be talking about how the North romanticized the South.
Aye Batman Robbin needz your help I herd hez trapped in minor league football
Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored
And god knows if I even still have it I gave away so many, I'm not even sure if I'd ripped them all.
Happy New Year!
Thanks for the FF!
thanks for the tip!
Crosby just broke his stick over voracek's leg.
Uhh no slashing call
There was WAY too many people in Cheesecake Factory today!
I'm sorry...
Its just that there's tornadoes touching down.
Michael is so full of himself.
Lets just jump him already please?
If lebron don't game us 4 game then I will never be a fan or his
Terminal cancer  knowing some of my great friends are leaving me in like 8 school days.
Amazing!!: RT Boys  girls get into LOVE because of misunderstanding, And break up when they understand each other.
Beginning postproduction on a campaign for !
Springfest was a success.
6 freshmen went to the hospital, a couple arrested, a trashed campus ...
but I think it went well.
aw.
i miss porch time too!
Quebec City can have them.
Let them deal with this shit
hey gurlyy how are you??
Yay !
My mom made tamales :D
So two minutes ago.
Wow.
Did not know that.
New song is sounding nice guys!
Keep it up with the follows and the likes, we really are thankful!
you is ahmazing son!!!
I love you!!!
Just finished our interview on Forward with !!
Thanks for having us on and being a great host!
Politico hed failure: Hollande Sauce a Losing Recipe?
I'd have said, Hollande Days Source of Speculation
It does get easier Melissa!
Trust me.
Today I ran for about 2 out of the 3 needed miles straight.
It works.
Mo.
lawmaker says he is gay, denounces school bill
oh hush .,.
you're the pretty one, diana c:
: JFKLAXHST.
Hell yeah.
Are those penises?
Hope is both the earliest and the most indispensable virtue inherent in the state of being alive
Exhausting weekend..
THINGS NEEDED: wine, nail refill, hair cut, pedicure, Popeyes chicken, a million dollars, family, friends, blessings, Jesus,
woohoo I'm excited for you..have a blast!!!
Hope you see Joe :
Enjoying a burger and supporting at the same time what a combo!
So much to do today before my flight leaves...
3 Circuses.
15 days.
Spending Valentines day with my best friend loveher 
Right now I like to think is sitting in his office listening to The Gambler.
Definitely went all in
Individuals of a particular age should not say  do such stupid things.
Is this what your teaching you're kids!
Im down as always!
wes gave me a bunch of them in the beginning of the season so I just gave the rest of the tickets to him.
So he's got them all
LOL too funny!
: that's a bet brother ...
And trust me will earn it, and when she does exclusive to you.
you smell funnier than you look..
Some sort of body spray would be a worthy investment?
I know, I'm gonna give you a bear
I hope that all of you have taken time to thank your wives and mothers for all that they do  I am certainly grateful for my wife and mom..
Hope NYR get the Flyers in the playoffs, current score over the course of the season is 23  8.
after yesterday's wkout..
i cant get out of bed
DWade is a bitch idc what neone says
how true..
where are you this year?
No Q for you?
bro u inspire me, both to grow asan artist,  taller.
Aha!
Wow!
Made it on the 5pm deadline!
lol.
I am loving sticking to my new plan and definitely not stressing out.: Enjoy your evening, din time!
Jumpoff's are seldom asked to jump the broom!
Retweet if u want a shoutout!
R u doing OK?
sucker punches to the heart hurt too much.
RT : I will take anything but another sucker punch from...
Hey All...if you have Spotify...my music is now on Spotify...too many sites for me to keep up with but I'm glad the music is out there.
I like a guy who takes initiative  its kind of a TurnOn 
if beauty is a flower, you would be the whole garden :.
FUCK YALL NOT YU I MEAN ALL OF YAL!!!!!!
N MI NIG VOICE N ITS
Laying out at 524 with  class
RobertsGirl ; your blowing up my phone with your RT's!
Kinda but one more hot tea and ill feel better xD
Every time one of my coworkers refers to one of my ex coworkers, he always calls her the girl with the nice titties.
Every.
Time.
There are 3 people in front of my house yelling vulgar things and hitting eachother.
aha.
I thought of you while tweeting that.
Has it ever been warmer at MSP than the Lee County ballpark?
School is over!
Time for football.
Oh em gee!!
You're Hannah in Sleepover with !
Yr welcome!
: Thanks to for setting up the tourGreat presentation on sensemaking in the present.
Two days til our next show of Veronica's Room.
It's really an awesome show.
Special Discount Tix through our FB page for Sun performance.
Santorum complains about BO pitting one group against another after vowing to void 150,000 gay marriages
So glad this kid is finally wearing a helmet on the crotchrocket.
His face is far too pretty to be splattered on the pavement.
Scalia is owned by Corps and Koch Bros won't support HCR as it costs Ins.
Co.
they will pay him.
Sarah Palin had dinner with Donald Trump in NY.
First thing she did when she walked into the restaurant was shoot the squirrel off his head.
thanks man!
Life is really mysterious you can never tell what's going to happen until you get there...
maybe next game lol....still love them!
what?
I don't know!
I'm not on!
But ill have a computer soon!
Miss you too: but dude did you notice his accents gone?!
woah.
bad doctoram.
About to check out how Reuters journalists use social media to uncover today's stories.
Should be interesting.
Happy birthday to Pete Hernandez!
Anyone else have a birthday coming up?
Your on my list
Realize the possibilities and potential are within, waiting.
the whole reason I like sleep escape reality
Suddenly I want Brussels sprouts.
Steamed with a little butter and lemon juice.
good friendship always create a good relationship.
thank you, stoked that you like it!
Win a VIP TABLE for Paradise Visuals AEE Party w/Ron Jeremy TONIGHT in .Follow  RT!
At Menlo Grill for lunch.
Possibly the best pulled pork sandwich I've ever had...
Tens favorite quote: Mark Twain on Wagners music: Its not as bad as it sounds
Congrats!
Jefferson District Champions!
Boys Basketball.
Wine and sushi with my 3 valentines
what do you expect we're on fire!!!
Paul E.
Gray The most important outcome of education is to help students become independent of formal education.
you got it!
lol you ate too funny.
SBD readers: interested to hear feedback on the new Tweet Pic feature in MB  CB.
Screen press manufacturer, mister broke a world record.
Printed 1909 prints in 1 hour with 1 press operator!
Great job guys!
Waiting for to get home, I misses talking to her!
what was your topic?
Are you serious with that press conference outfit, Russell Westbrook?
As Kevin Durant would say, Man, that's messed up.
SinceWeBeingHonest I just had to run out of Hunger Games for a min cuz tears was comin!!
Oh man, that was heartfelt!
I thought you were running?!?
well you know what they say..
Great minds think alike
NowFollowing  Follow Back!?..
This white teacher listening to Faded lmao.
4 words to describe Quiet Company.
It's a damn celebration.
A rare dinnerandplay evening out: first then Long Day's Journey into Night
RT : Proud to be sponsoring the MidAmerica Economic Development Council Best Practices Conference, May 1618 in Kalamazoo,...
If they need help, they come to the Godfather :
NO INTEREST PAYMENT PLAN FOR IVF!
CALL FOR DETAILS 3102097700
It is a beautiful day!
Sad to think I spent it in school then at practice 
Still, gotta give credit to for streaming games.
Hoping the can do the same this season!
uknoyoughettowhen you haven't checked out Mojo's World yet!!!
What are you waiting for????
:
u just made it the worst bday eva
Good friendships are fragile things and require as much care as any other fragile and precious thing.
Randolph S.
Bourne
Oh no!
And you didn't fill the bathtub!
At least it's a work day!
:/
I'm walking down the street eating ice cream!
Looking around and wondering who the hell are half of these kids?
We share a fruit weakness.
Are they grown locally?
Loving the avengers professorle pic sir
i remember when people would find out that i used to live in hawaii and would ask if I walked to school barefoot or lived in grass huts.
Michael made us pasta salad.
I adore him for this.
I really do.
Sounds extremely painful..lololo....
DONT  ME IF IM NOT FOLLOWING U RT :  Too good bro!
RT : WHO HAS HAD AN In and out burger ?????
That tweet gets the repetition badge.
New phone number.....
Inbox me for it...
Hm.
Guess I can no longer say I haven't tweeted lately.
Sometime those random thoughts you have are confirmed when you pay attention to details it's called questions and answers
Sitting in the hospital starving.
government's role in supplier interaction is much more prevalent outside of the United States.
Romney never got punished for his bully behavior...
November will be the perfect time for that.
Tell me why i always fall for ur type.
I just woke up I wanna go back to sleep 
getting ready for 'International Blues Day' with such little notice would be no problem...
Sound design, recording, and mixing of 8 spots in all three suites with 6 isdn connections in one day.
Who wants my old sweatshirt?
After the admin summarily liquidated ktru, there's not much on campus that I identify with.
ahh lucky!
Have fun!
Hope you're not the murderer because my mom won't let me room with felons haha
Sometimes I wonder it you know what is in front of you
It's almost game time.
CANNOT WAIT FOR THE PUCK TO doctorP to see who takes home LORD STANLEYS CUP
Old age is a challenge which to most elders is not welcome
The simplest schoolboy is now familiar with truths for which Archimedes would have sacrificed his life
HEY AUSTIN I JUST WANTED TO SAY THANK YOU FOR LETTING ME HAVE THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE ON FRIDAY!!
thank God
Youd just have to find the local maximum of delicious/n.
thank you spread the knowledge spread the love
thank you!
I am very positive today!
have a great one!!
Back in buffalo!
That nap was amazing, work flow in a few 
If you stop sending me ambiguous, oneword subject lines, I'll stop deleting your emails.
Deal?
I closed my ebay account and started selling on alienbids.com No Fee's for anything!
great chance to make some true money online no schemes!
rappersbetterthansouljaboy Mother Goose and her nursery rhymes.
Jk I'm still going ah why me
Loving LOVE GAME nails for her Power and Control video!
Good joke, Darren!
RT : MUST SEE: Dan Majerle catches ground rule double w/plate in other hand
Boycott Rush or we will Boycott you.
You've already had a rough 12 months.
Don't make it any worse for yourselves.
Watching Pineapple Express
Years ago, I was a bit underwhelmed about ProTools' waveform displays compared to Sonic Solutions'.
Now in PT10, they look like Sonic's.
Special SHOUTOUT to all of my new
well, : suggested videos of indiana's breweries  I like that idea
fact: doctorps bombs
True dat bro...Glad to see they got honored though.
that sounds good to me lol
I'm just a lucky slob from Ohio who happened to be in the right place at the right time.
Clark Gable
Tomorrow's the BIG day!
The winner of the ElevenEleven Wedding Giveaway will be announced!
Can't wait to see who the lucky couple will be!
Wish I could just stay in bed all day.
But no, I decided I needed to start working out.
Blah!
your boring....
emma
ept2012 watching two wizards n redsox yankees show more of elky in super high roller
haha no your not!
BUT HAHA I TRICKED YOU ;D
I will follow you, CEEJ.
RT : Thanks for the tour and hospitality for today's Meet the Media event.
that's what happens when all the big stars get hurt.
I'm less of a person for not going to cubs opening day game.
But i am
we're all gonna miss you.
Hope you visit
happy bday lets get sum pcp and wild out
No No.
Vintage.
Renaissance.
Refined.
:
fellow PS3 COD MW2 gamers......how is the new map pack treating ya???
To give me all your love is all I ever asked
LUCK's cancelled?!?
Gaawd Dammit.
Fuck those horses why is this happening to ME??
Did you use the scooter cart?
About to get started at the Orchard Ridge Community.
will be here any minute!
random guy at the gas station: you are gorgeous.
beautiful.
have a nice day.
Thanks.
have a nice day too
um I just threw up in my mouth.

its supposed to come out in 2013.
So, I'm going to assume its this time next year.
Job numbers up, still the GOP is unimpressed.
What would it take to impress them, the 2nd Coming?
wow; that's quite haunting
haven't thought of that yet..
could be a cool idea!
any other songs you would like to hear covered?
If it can clean battery acid, can't possibly be that great for your system...whether they say its safe or not.
Ed: YELL YEAH MOTHA FUCKA YEAH MUTHA FUCKA YEAH!!
Us: HE'S SO HOT.
dying
quotes Many succumb to despair and fail without realizing that they already possess all the tools needed to acquire great wealth.
Anybody see the Michael Jackson movie?
What do you think?
Let us know...good morning, central Ohio!
Sometimes u need to just go for a walk
Love postrainfall LA.
For a brief, shining moment, there isn't any shit in the air and the horizon extends as far as the eye can see.
New Haven.
Chugging forward!
I love getting the attention of a room full of men when I walk in wearing a short skirt suit and high heels.
They tend to salivate.
LOL
Thanks for the RT's  trying to get me more followers!
go ahead, let her tear you apart.
just know i never would've done that to you.
wow  that is fancy!
It's not mini golf unless you play through a castle.
Where do you get your news?
Twitter
Indeed.
I put a lot of time into getting Washington Establishment to be where they are  atop one another.
We haven't used Edmodo yet....but we'll try it!
It was a great project  the kids learned a LOT!
Not a good buy but my two cents.
musicmathmusicmathmusic
Tc's talent and voice is out of this world
Feel better!!
:
hahahaha okay!
you need to come over too, so we can make truffles :
You don't get to choose how you're going to die.
Or when.
But you can decide how you're going to live now.
Sure, as long as it's short.
Focus on the assignment at hand  don't get distracted.
Happy Monday everyone!!!
So what did you think of Melancholia?
Ten takeaways from the Sony Ericsson Open
When Jim added SMALL SOLDIERS to his queue, Netflix recommended AMERICAN BEAUTY
Ice is falling from the sky in south Austin.
Yes, really.
Just watched princess n the frog!
Great movie
Bring it back, now double your money and make it stack!
the fans turned the stadium into a fortress
Usability session starting now.
Hoping for some nuts and bolts, not just broad overview.
Oh shit, I haven't tweeted in forever.
They changed the layout on me.
Guhhhh.
Swag swag swag on you!
:
Is power tough or expensive to upgrade?
Saw that issue in my initial research and willing to tackle it.
Life lived for tomorrow will always be just a day away from being realized.
Leo Buscaglia.
Dear...People Who Think It's Okay To Leave Your Dog Outside Barking All Day, if I was in charge, I'd lock you up.
Thanks for waking me.
The only time I feel alive is when I'm painting.
Vincent Van Gogh
Some1 threw Eggs at our new mailbox, who does that crap lol..........
Ikr txt me laptop has 2 left love ya
lmao, we'll have a ghetty just to eat mangoes :D
your dad must be a highly informed guy who makes great dinner table conversation.
After Brazil, Florida is the world's biggest orange producer, and more grapefruit are grown in the state than anywhere else on the planet.
Don't miss award winning stand J308!
To honor our presidents today we're working to support the national treasury!
All Facebook Fan Pages will be automatically switched to the new Timeline's on March 29.
More info coming in the next couple of weeks.
random side note!!!
I'm working tonite..
I got to see tonight and she was so excited hahaha.
i can giv u a white xmas lmfao
: just what the doctor ordered
We're excited to see what you choose!
:
sounds like a Resolution!
Woo hoo!
RT Had a wonderful meal here tonight.
The slow roasted pork prime rib hit the spot!
Excellent service  great food
Tweet training for
Our trip to Seabreeze next weekend filled up in ONE DAY!
Craziness...
Only a few more days until 3 hits.
I feel sorry for all the other PC games that will be trying to compete with it.
.
we collectively bought the lie of 'info wants to be free', blaming privacyvictims for not submitting to this false inevitability
Redneck Tale  67  Ups and Downs by GusTheRedneck
All my ex's always come back in tell me I was a great girl all that bullshit smh it took me to leave for y'all to see I was a good girl tah
Thanks y'all!
We're thrilled to be working with you guys to build something better.
boys guys like: BLACK HOLE SUN by D.M.Gil  sci fi  action.
grades 7.
Text, storyline, cover, AND title deemed cool by my MS lib guys.
rose has a LAST STEP.
MJ had a first, Kobe has a first.
Sleep on that Billy.
We might be on to something...
I am at the ILF District 2 Conference.
Speed on or get peedon one of my favorite of all time lol..
A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in the students.
John Ciardi Good one!!
Illumination is so dope HornyGoatWeed is my jam..
when a new project comeing out??
My room My room My room
No, but it seems like thats the right way to go.
Have you?
itAnnoysMeWhen People kiss my ass.
Like bitch, I know you're talking shit on me behind my back.
GTFO.
and quit spamming me fatty!
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.
Greek proverb
Our first goal in exercise?
Do no harm.
Safe exercise solutions.
This is MindFirstFitness.
How the fk can u go a beach party and doctorss up?
That's just fking DUMB!!!
Its a beach party Rtards!
RT Get ready for your face to melt off, hope you have a good cosmetic surgeon to help reattach it after tonight!
Don't do it!!
I am the voice of reason.
very cool absolutely us too.
Let us know the results!
I told Kevin I could get a better score than him, where do we DL?
I have hockey at 10, you guys should come.
I'll bring beer :
Hanging loose at home hahahah
Possible homelessness come August.
I have couches in LA, NY, ATL, CHI, BMORE though, what are friends for!
Looking forward to having you.
Will it be your first visit?
Reading Fifty Shades of Grey ..
Let's see what all the hype is about.
I wanna see the Hunger Games.
It seems awesome!!!
Jak II was just a big change from Jak and Daxter, I didn't like it.
I need new Haters, my old ones are starting to like me
Why am I not surprised?
'I've been in such an Eminem mood lately' 'me to!' 'yeah buddy!
But you're always in an Eminem mood' haha
Shea Homes sure does build big, beautiful homes.
We are HUGE fans of their work.
cant do it today but soon
I was working in the US Capitol, the Let's Roll heroes of Flight 93 prob saved my life.
Peace, Love,  Remembrance to all.
i Needem Mentally Stable I be runnin In too small Minded Mothafuckas
: Samesex couples should be able to get married.President Obama /via  Amen !!
Did I say once twice?
That's also when I first noticed my mild case of brain damage first.
Do they still play the Let's Do It clip  remember that from the 80s at 3 Rivers?
yes.
835 Jefferson take a cab.
it is 5.
We're seated but are relaxed.
Thanks!
We're trying to better integrate those CR resources so that users make historical connections.
WORDS CANNOT EXPLAIN HOW MUCH ALEXIS AND I NEED A TV SHOW
If you need Chicago Messenger to pick up your mail during NATO week, we must have a letter of authorization from USPS.
My choice for next week, Falcons, Lions then Giants in that order.
What about Jamie Dimon himself?
JPM
Let's go Tarheels!
DAMN, STILL WAITING 4 CSI, COPS CAME  LEFT, C' MON PEOPLE!!!!
Clippers play at 9:30 ish  Knicks lost BAD yesterday from Miami :
thanks again, man!
No stalking...I keep a loaded 270 under the bed..and a smaller gun on my body...peace!
do you have a skype with video?
is moving to the River Market!
More info coming soon!
:
Taurus are master procrastinators of the zodiac.
amazing!
We might need to see some pictures of you in all your new gear soon!
as they should be live it up!
That is very interesting!
:0
on !!!
Love it!!!
couldn't make anyone out, but I'll say it, you looked great!
Just finished What Remains the documentary about Sally Mann.
Now I love her even more.
What a fascinating artist.
Recommended viewing!
Just Atee Chinese Food :

thts real talk!
MADISON GO FOLLOW !!
T
We're in awfully good company aren't we!?!
Although it was also ideal in Cambridge and
true, the whole store is mess right now, the app search sucks monkey balls
uh ya!
i would sit there all day if i lived there
i kinda........don't like it when he randomly brings her up, but oh well.
Hanging by the pool!
Happy 4th!
Rory on both counts.
His game is too good to stop right now.
lmao the real housewives of ATL the doctorma queen one
Thanks for the follow Jenny!
Saw Mom yesterday.
She's more like herself, but nowhere near ready to come home.
She doesn't remember being in hospital lst wk.
Fair enough.
I do recommend the moviereally enjoyed it.
What a waste
ehh whitegirlproblems the airport is always fun!
Just people watch likeacreep haha 
Please follow me, me and my friends love you and i saw you at the Navy Pier in Chicago
no it's not I was in a really pissy mood and I was just taking it out on u ur not a jerk your the complete opposite srry
Don't worry about your summer internship...THE INTERN QUEEN has got you covered!
Now back to the money tomorrow.
love ur hair
Summer is over, fall TV is here.
What you watching tonight?
with too!
As COO, you must continually increase your learning, the way you think, and the way you approach the organization.
Four more projects in the works, It's gona be a busy summer.
Thank you Universe!!
I love it!!!
Yep no more violence on these streets
Between the Thunder, Clips, Heat, and Knicks the NBA is really fun right now
Seriously considering buying a pedometer.
I'm wonder how many steps I take when I take my shopping excursions on the weekends.
I'm spent!
but you weren't at the Jackson Village Hall were you?
;
I think of Blind Ravi
lack of clarity.
there are also letters of Muhammad's life from his time, but biography is later.
thanks.
Weird and surreal moment seeing myself on the austin city council ballot.
I just vote!
I'm such a wino.
SUEPR FULL MOON?!
dunno, couple mos to decide this time...
gut react was more Joshua Tree but might opt for bday camping trip in Yosemite, wanna go?
Penguins one point away from Philly for the division...Miller v Crosby rd 1????
yes.
We'll be selfeffacing.
It's possible that people are madder at the saints then teams w/ murderers, rapists, or dogkillers
Eating blackberries
Haha.
What the hell are you doing in Chicago?
How are you these days?
I was there, too.
Dell did not have booth babes.
and spank a monkey?
Channel 7 is showing BBC America :D
Includes Resolve?!
I'd take one.
you guys are just trying to scare me tonight, aren't you?!
Opps, you mean people doctorve to ball games and want to park?
The shortcuts the city  Marlins took are coming home to roost.
Busier than ever.
But staying organized and hungry to do even more in the second half.
Where do u focus?
nah.
He was in hospital scrubs.
Etnies on his feet tho, so...
Ah, and I are at ihop.
Near a fenced in fire dancing party.
Of course.
I feel like technology/social media democratizing knowledge can be contested though, as not everyone actually has access to these spaces.
One month smokefree.
Not too shabby!
And it only sucks for about 8 minutes each day.
Bout to take ie crib and fall out no1 to talk to at the moment so sleep sounds great
thankful for the bag of sunchips stashed in studio.
had gotten so hungry i felt pukey.
breakfast is important folks.
What kind of world do we live in where a soldier can't get his rocks off?
CAT: the litter box is clean again.
someone is stealing my poop!
Many of the activities so far have introduced poetic elements: play with sounds and rhyme and free association, tied to vocab from the text
I moved to a new town no one knows me so if I killed myself no one would care
Happy birthday!
:
Thanks...
I think she's waited long enough.
It's been almost 7 years but my brother is finally taking care of it.
I know, right?
I love my dogs so much.
Stories like that kill me!
haha.
You're welcome.
At least I saw the important tweet.
Adversity is a mirror that reveals one's true self.
what are your plans on the Yen?
looks great!
Good luck this season!
I refuse to be labeled by people who can't possibly know what my life has been like.
It's presumptuous on your part.
DON'T ASK SOMEONE TO DO SOMETHING YOUR NOT WILLING TO DO YOURSELF
I just want to post a pic  show before I send it to her, surprise anticipation is too much for me 
Even if I told her, I doubt she'd buy a new one.
We've been together 15 years and we have 2 kids.
Mouth germs don't matter.
hey you have a couple of my records already...I am back in town let's do business...call u tomorrow
If Apples put out a iPnone 5 that looked like a classic iPod with the jog wheel, the stocks would fall on release.
You have to stay ahead!
Anyone who tries to visit me while I'm napping is not ready for what's coming to them.
What is your vision of Chinatown?
RTRTRT: Once a player always a player.
will you ever notice me?
and follow me?
Thanks so much for the kind mention!
very close to here.
Did you live in New England?
Prints are big for Summer 2012
thinking of u n ur mom...thank u both for giving!...its gr8 for a boost in star power!
Thanks for the pointer!
Can I tell you how much I love FedEx Office?
Let me count the ways...
heeeheeee yayyyy i finally doctorw domo!
and an anime girl!!!!!!!
:D
R U K!?!??!
hahaha, double fudge looked like a mushroom again by the way.
I can play third base better than Mark Reynolds!
Heck, I'm pretty sure Billy Cundiff can play 3B better than Mark Reynolds!
oh and there new album is on itunes!!
yay!!!
i love it!
itunes.com/poema
I was like baby, baby, baby oh!
RT : RT if you'd killabitch for your goalie :
Romney is just saying whatever he thinks that will get him elected.
Hes not gonna do anything he says once he gets into office.
I'm not sure who wrote this, but it is unacceptable and unprofessorssional.
It won't happen again I promise.
TRUE STORY.
I'm still dying.
:
I'm going to look at your board to figure this out.
Thanks for providing the link.
iwish i was still with him
I am going 5 4 6 in the derby
Virginia Elite putting in a lot of work this summer very proud of the direction of the program
Sometimes u just have to roll up yr sleeves and get yr hands dirty.
Are you sponcered yet?
Ok so let's play this again!
Tweet me which bromance you ship the hardest!!
Niam won last night :
It seriously is like a horror movie.
Get someone to come take care of it asap and hopefully you won't have wasps in the house!
Congrats to all the college students graduating today.
Had a blast at the casino with  his family!
Teacher: What can we do to stop polluting our waters ?Pupil: Stop taking baths ?
Haha Sorry I Haven't Been On In Awhile!!
Happy New Year To You Too!!
:
Look behind you.
I'm right there...just kidding I'm like 1,000 miles away
Damn hearin these dudes talk about high school baseball is bringing back some memories
What do happy people know or do that unhappy people don't?
You have plenty of entertainment lol.
come home!
Come home!
Getting that ass waxed lakers
bored D: someone tweet me ;
hope your ready for Monday!
The countdown is on.
Referral frenzy on Thursday when I'm in town.
Damn i havent smoke that smoke for one week, aint yall proud!
Here's 2 doctorg free america lol
Dude, don't tease us with potential fillins for Dan during the Olympics...how many still at TheMothership?
O/U: 2.5???
I just wanna be successful.
I haven't had time to run.
I'm either writing, cleaning house, or sleeping.
And I can't run at 4 am that won't work
I already know what you're up to.
Making movies and being famous sucka.
T is for teddy is awesome BTW.
Rams keep getting beat to the punch.
Kendall Wright next?
Now making ready to move on
People annoy me so easily.
I wanna go home.
NPA will be at a lunch with Sen.
Weinberg tomorrow to talk LGBTQ issues!
Thanks to Garden State Equality for hosting
awe, good!
maybe i'll be able to come then.
i just need a ride.
stoked to beat the shit out of tonight.
Ur time and skill is worth it.
Think of the ROI ur client gets for their investment
Having a case of the Wednesdays?
Tomorrow's almost here and it's Pre Payday Thursday!
You can get 2 off of any combo.
See you tomorrow!
hey man kent here call me9752989
Strange hearts beat alone
Just watched a whole episode of living single must be back home ;
I wish they would see the TT.
Thank You Joan 
Amazon is no longer a fulfillment company.
They are best monetized as a payment gateway.
Good afternoon Everyone
Some people like their fupas...
Shit, can't hate on that.
i missed you last week!!!
is your mom still in town?
3
It's cool to see people singing the StarSpangled Banner.
:
follow me and i'll follow u
It was a good series for my Knicks even though we lost we kept fighting to the end
I've spent the past year with my best friend, I am truly blessed that he is all mine.
Happy Anniversary babe
Just finished CatchingFire.
On to Mockingjay!
Loving the Hunger Games series  not what I expected!
how are you , thanks for supporting
The most money ever paid for a cow in an auction was 1.3 million
Rushing to SamGoody 2 get AnchorMan w/my beautiful woman in the Gaslamp!
StayClassySanDiego Have to brush up b4 the sequel!
iCantDateSomeoneThat doesn't have anything going for themselves, a lot of kids  baby mamma doctorma.
If you would like a follow back just ask :D Jesseca
Anytime!
Think about that bottle Allyson...Think about it
NothingWe just browsedThey had incredible tables from old metal conduit  repurposed wood but the artist wouldnt allow photos
and now your making me wanna see it like right now lol
On the bus to abilene we go!
:P
Let's get people talking.
Disappointing Snowstorm.
Your followed now 
when ever you want!
We are in search of a fresh new face to become a manager and member of the Milwaukee Ale House staff, tweet us if you are interested!
I think you just blew my mind.
Put Neil Young in some black lace, and then I'll think about it.
Hee hee!
Moves to make  money to get...
seems like keepin everything in order is the hardest part!!
Lol, I'm just playin, I love my life!
I'm Sorry Again.
maybe we can be friends?
:D
just gave a great speech.
Made me tear up!
when do you get back to Atlanta?
fight intro music  intro by XX trust me dogg
It's Too Hot In Chicago !
Crap I made a mistake in that last tweet
good luck tonight...
I'm going to be up there again l8r in month this time I'll b sitting  5/10..
Can't wait2 play up there!
KSsynapse Zoghbi: 97 females with mutant MeCP2 have typical Rett.
Gene is on X chromosome and mosaicism leads to wide range of phentypes.
Confide needs to get back together ok
Hoping that my confidence level will continue to raise the older I get.
When Im 50maybe Ill finally be able to talk in front of a crowd
have a good night sweet doctorams ; thanks again ;
Stay the hell away from Derek
the super bowl ads are a great reason to tweet sorry for filling your feed!
: what was your fav?
I second the bowling ball notion.
Nothing impractical about it.
Plus a total conversation piece at the lanes.
The ending of Titanic is so bittersweet when all those people are dead and that confused lady throws away that fancy necklace :
Local love tonight at der Rathskeller with w/ The Midwest Beat, The Fatty Acids  Pioneer 8pm
Everyone wants maybe he should have been the finalist for his team.
reach us at please do not spam
I'd ask for one thing and it'd be that you answer your phone!
Rex Chapmans voice always sounds like he needs some hot tea and halls
Don't pay with exact change at the tick tock diner; you will be spit at
10ThingsIWantToHappen get through lawschool without committing a major felony
great picture but why isn't Lauren in the middle?
Haha it looks like its your bday
Every company coming out of the 2nd class of is killing it.
Get out your checkbooks :
.
No matter what we gonna party tonight 333 I love you Justin Bieber .
believer 333
service learning as a positive way to show our schools
1st round of tourney he fought dude who won last year.
Lost in the 5th.
Good spirits though.
Busy.
But made time to chill at the cabin.
How was your weekend?
Suck in any harder bitch you might crack a rib
Visual Designers  want to be the first creative for a small  quickly growing SF startup?
Web Apps are the key!
You are sweet!!
That's too funny.
Another successful delivery.
Explain to me why people still shop in supermarkets again?
Makes no sense!
I know these folks ain't Tryin to have a foam party on a Sunday
Younger siblings are annoying, especially when they can speak.
Do you think you're addicted to Facebook?
What have you done to curb your habit?
RT : FF the newtotwitter Wish all readers would leave half a dozen comments at a visit.
we really enjoy having you  la cofradia.
If Soulja Boy came to the burgh, would yall go to his show?
Thanks.
I stand and salute this info.
Regards ...
took me to MayBerrys!!!!: yummy!
promo me?
shoutout?
please?
:D
I am awesome.
is so ready for a minivacay to Houston.
Until then, seeking escape in a strawberry cupcake with strawberry buttercream icing.
Must workout!
Also, can we talk the 4th?
Because I'm unclear as to which days/weeks to talk off!
Thanks for rt :
This is making the MayweatherCotto FaceOff seem interesting!!!
Z
will def check out a taping..
we would bring listeners tot the today show concert series.
you were great with them!
SkyK104 NY
: Prediction: Selena Gomez is going to be in the Boyfriend Music Video
doctoral candidate too?
What do you not do?!
FLIPS TABLE GIVES UP WALKS AWAY
yeah.
Got it...
makes perfect sense.
congrats Keria!!!
We got big girls now Kimmie!!!
Ugh stay lil girls!!!
Lbvs
Your sinning will eventually catch up to you unless you repent.
You are making yourself to be a false idol.
I hate whores!
Why can't they be a lil normal!
lol I'm sorry to say I probably won't be attending edc this year tho, I don't mind going to rtb fuck it
Someone shd ask Mike Pence why he wants to make more childoctorn lose their mothers to cancer that could have been detected earlier.
A little rain won't keep me from enjoying a day at Wrigley with my friends from !
Go Go!
Look for Waiting For Superman, a moving documentary that points out the injustice  futility of America's public school system
Why call a toll free number out of state?
Call your Pella Fella directly  9186339.
Jeff Reynolds, serving the ABQ, NM area for 6 yrs
weather  other unidentified crazy
heck of a game Saturday..Letsgo Yankees ;
Welcome home!
To California, this would be the snowpocalypse.
To us, it's winter.

and  look stupid in tweets...
Looks like a lot of random bit shifting
thanks for the feature
GOOD MORNING
Every step that we make by our own courage is worth a vast number of steps made easy by some one else.
Manly P.Hall
Glad he remembered how to do it at the Emirates!
season defining victory for the gunners...
10 hr days are not fun...
Im just tryna get this togo and go home.
Does your girlfriend know you're saying this ?
No ?
Didn't think so .
I've been singing it really good though...
So yeah I hope this goes well ...
Question of the day .
how many cans of beans you must eat to gain a great fart .holla at me if you know retweet
that's a inside joke everyone, nobody freak out lol.
he not dead foreal
Good night!
Three 15yrold students arrested for arson in connection w/fire at Woodburn H.S.
live on scene 11pm.
I think that players should have the same rules as coaches.
If the coach leaves they should be able to move on too.
You have seemed much happier since you left CBS.
Is that true?
School is out in 4 minutes.
Bye everyone!
lol I'm exploring my artistry...
U know artist gotta look rough lol
This bitchy 9 year old on facebook called Harry 'Henry' and thought Niam was called Liall ....
what the fuck is wrong with her.
I'm attracted to intelligent women.
So...
Johnny Depp is damn good on that guitar.
Cant wait to leave Africa  go to Europe
Gonna get off computer!
Tweet tomorrow!
This has gotta be the good life.
For next year I solemnly swear to speak less, listen more
thank you for supporting your urban streetwear by using repcode MARYJANEEATER at karmaloop.com and plndoctorcom!
RETWEET if you love kloop!
Falling in love is easy, falling out of love is hard, that's why we must guard our hearts diligently.
And ppl sit out from church or dont go cuz of that shit ...
Thats too much
I'm playing at Stage on Herr tonight between 89 ish.
I'm a singer/songwriter, then  after me.
Come!
Great doctorve to Vegas.
Can't wait for WordCamp goodness.
More Breaking News...
APRIL FOOL'S!!!!!
: TextsThatLeadToSex I'm home alone right now Especially if jazz music is playing when u get there....bow chicka wow wow
No.1 Ranked Ohio State plays tonight against Purdue watch for OSU Big Jared Sullinger
According to IMDb, A Royal Affair should be out in theaters at the end of March.
Let's hope that is not a little white lie.
Girls got way more hoes than dudes
Crystal clear.
It isn't fun either.
Shark Week Rocks  especially on a rainy Sunday
Food :D yes
US: Mercer Estates appoints head winemaker Mercer Estates has appointed Jessica Munnell as head winemaker.
beansandbarley for brunch...
yum!
Tip For The LADIES: Stop choking hazards: Get a Brazilian Wax!
1.
What Inspired You To Dance?
2 .
What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up?
3 .
Celebrity Crush?
4.
Favorite Type Of Music?
19
on the day when I actually want and need to talk to people, no one is in their office's to help me with my crisis......
Right Now I Just Wanna Hold Hands , Cuddle , Have Someone Run Their Fingers Thru My Hair ,  Kiss Me All Over My Face...
I can get the ticket from u or Double Be...
Whoever is closer I guess.
I live in Dickinson.
Near NASA Rd 1
Don't require a question on a survey that only applies to half of your audience.
follow me back
Between you  me a worldfamous photographer has just agreed to donate a print to the Friends of Anton auction!
Details soon.
Happy mothers day to one of the most patient and compassionate teachers I know.
thanksmom
Check out 'Game Night' episode 3  Bring a Friend.
www.gamenightseries.com
When my boyfriend doesn't text me back 
1 more week and I'll be back in the mitten enjoying You sure y'all don't want to distribute to CA?
what is wrong with my wifey?
If you haven't posted to your social media channel within the past four months, fear the reaper.
I think it's a must  have mostly because you made it.
I have to get my virtual copy
I enjoy watching you play callofduty when I do not get motion sickness.
The more the sleep the more time I get to doctoram about Austin...
congrats, mistermayor
Just saw the trailer for Black Ops 2, it looked so raw can't wait to get it.
I'm guessing neither one of us has hair that responds appropriately to curling or flat irons?
Is the bun under appreciated?
RT I keep my dogs identity off of Twitter  to protect him from all the fans.
I have awesome colleagues Thank you all for your nice wishes.
GO FOLLOW FOR 5 SOLO SHOUTOUTS :D
OMGoodness Mark!
You don't have to do that.
I'm just enjoying what you share!
Loved talking the meaning of life with Miss PA last night !
50 CENT CORN DOGS AT SONIC!
RT Cuddling in bed, falling asleep and being bored together is probably
Listening to bruno Mars....
Damn......
Next pair im getting Retro 4's April 12th
Sea kayaking w/ in Maui and being surprised by a humpback whale just 10 feet away.
Magnificent  terrifying.
Lol.
My fastest cycle speed was 52mph.
Riiighhht....
Oh , sometimes you're so off.
I still love you.
TGIF Have a good weekend and get excited for more prizes.
The hunt continues on Tuesday.
Okay, it is time, I can wait no longer!
Cocktails?
When?
There's still about 8 hours left.
Lot of talk about reducing our carbon footprint  conserving resources.
5 Carbon Footprint Reducing Tips that can help you go green:
smh.
what have you been up too
Great article!
Pearl, meet pearl.
Is it normal practice at Hyatt to still be cleaning guest rooms at 5 pm?
I mean rooms guests left before 9 am.
Seriously?
Annoying.
FYI Nashville, San Antonio and North Shore,IL all members of autoglasslocator.com Please spread the word.
We're growing quick!
I need a tangible reminder of why I'm still pushing or what i am pushing toward to?
probably not i'm too awkward uhmmmm what do you do
I'm definitely seeing that!
It seems that if I take a conservative approach, though, I can assume New ed.
means what it says.
Learnt Fast Car on guitar, I love that song so much
good, there in canada visiting my aunt she sick
it's a treat, from what I hear.
But I think you need to be in San Fran.
I honestly wish!!
It was crazy how real the underwater part was
thanks for sending links.
watched it a year later and it's still awesome!
cc:
WomenWhoThinkLikeAMan Don't live in a fairy tale.
Know how to live for their own satisfaction.
I have to have music on when I write.
Been swaying to The Memphis Dawls all morning at my Macbook.
So.
Good.
These ladies are stars!
Nite tweeter...
have fun y'all..
be safe tho uh....
blessings luvs.......
you see the Bills are 05 also wtf?
Good morning.
Thanks for retweeting.
May your Sabbath be miraculously blessed.
Oil change
Our own has two invites to give away!
Giving them away later today.
Who wants them?
Just gotta keep my mouth closed can't let my sister find out nothing
that's the one I tried, too.
I was glad I got it on sale.
Lol
RT : RT to WelcomeHomePrince Prince Fielder to sign 9yr 214M record deal w/ Thanks 4 Making The Switch
A Year In The Making aired for the first time in Australia,  I just want to remind you, that I'm so proud of you  the boys.
hope so
Thanks for the shout out.
Watching Tebow come back down to earth
'When a woman tells the truth, she is creating the possibility for more truth around her.' Adoctorenne Rich
...doesn't deserve to be fired.
NoShows vs.
UTA/PHX real problem.
Just got around to watching the interview with She was radiant as ever
what color are heavynns eyes?
what are you talking about
have you seen the movie?
Can I get a RT for football
The las vegas womans expo has over 150 vendors tomorrow at the Rio 105 its going to be huge First 500 women get a goodie bag
ah well tell her that shit because I know you don't want to fail that class after all that shit you had to put up with
Rise and shine!
Getting ready for dance competition!
Mood?
Kill it
I missed it :
Idk I'm just getting pissed off
You can't have swagger with a fupa.
wish i was outside.
I often wonder, after I'm dead, if anyone will fight over my stuff?
I JUST read that quote today.
Oprah.
Love it :
Laying back with your earphones in
FREE AT LAST!
three week break, here we come.
59 of men and 66 of women thought someone was hot until this...
Until what?
AND IM DUMB!
Midlakes Basketball: Had our banquet today.
So nice to bring everyone together for such a nice meal.
Thank you!
It's pretty exciting.
And best of all, great to be some place where I can buy a house instead of renting forever!
Going to a concert tonight where its ok for someone in the crowd to yell FREE BIRD!
Catching my breath after an insane couple of weeks.
And just got to catch up with one of my best friends.
also I'm celebrating my 14 lb weight gain..
Hurt mahself, no gym for 3 weeks, doctornk every night..
Oppowinkies!
Hey, baseball fans!
Bryce Harper will play for the Scottsdale Scorpions!
Come stay with us and watch the best prospect in years!
Come over here!!
:
Who needs The Hunger Games when madmen is starting?
I like to call it the Martini  Scotch Games.
Much more fun.
Stranglehold by Ted Nugent
o ok.
what's ur locker combo?
Who finds a bag before bottoms lol O.o??
What??
Dinner with the lady that gave birth to me that would be my mom
Waited to share it until I was sure I loved it.
Too often I send my agent an idea, only to decide later that I don't really love it.
The Kaiyodo one was alright, but the McFarlane one was way better as a display piece.
Would you be at all interested in one?
BTW, how did you get your Klout score so damn high?
Man, you are such a pain in the ass!
I know but we're staying married this time babe.
; when's the honeymoon.?
Maybe I should get u one of those feeling charts.
:
Dude, I know right!
thanks for reply.
for new hdtv.
No sunlight in room.
Lcd?
Plasma?
What would u suggest?
Getting off for a while...
Hopefully Twitter will still be here when i get back :/ SOPA GO AWAY LEAVE SOCIAL NETWORK ALONE!!!!!
I just call her boo i dont know the hoe name
Your welcome man.
How much is the exclusive??
Amen to that Babe.
My Cable is slowly getting torn at the ends.
some of the after market chargers a little better than apple's
happy birthday to u
i'm out walking precincts and just saw the American Idol limo doctorve by!
Tell your hoes that if they've got beef, that I'm a vegetarian and I ain't fucking scared of 'em.
Too much red in the new design.
Though, it does remind me that I need to pick up the new Animal Man /cc
I agree phil.
Management of money is key
Boss frowns upon kahlua in coffee lol
Does Mitch McConnell think he's been elected President?
Thank you!
It was nice listening in.
:
Congratulations to for being a finalist on the voice!!
AND being the only girl who made it as a finalist
that might make the carpet more attractive...
Nonstop dance mixes live from Room 101 will be available for download next week.
Plus live video cast from the club coming soon.
Happy Mother's Day ladies!
We hope today is full of love  pampering for you!
There are between 5,000 and 7,000 tigers bein kept as pets in the United States
Thank you Alice!
I like to spend several days doing a thorough cleaning of the whole house.
So supprised!
All I have to do is make her lunch n wake her up if I'm up
CM Punk's pretty cute ;
My grades are horrible.
I'm bout to be so dead..
but on the bright side..
least I'm not pregnant or blind or something.
you are so right!
: Holy smokes.
my Akai S950 still work!
I love the filters on that joint.
I still use my Ensoniq EPS 16 Plus.
you have an inspiring cancer story!
What did u do for fun during your treatment to keep such a great attitude?
Okay the Camaro ad was pretty good!
Somebody is Going to Have to Calm Me Down today...
My mother saw it.
I asked Why?
She said Sets and costume.
She was not disappointed.
haha , thanks !
Love you too 
TRAFFIC  Two Left Lanes Closed: WB Belt  Todd doctorve from an earlier crash  delays both directions
haha definitely passed on the soup of the day!
Whiskey at noon didn't sound appetizing ;
finna get on ooVooo hit me up britt 
Just passed the 1600 Tweet mark.
I wonder how many of those Tweets were of value?
23millionwerebornthisway who wanna follow me?
dallas MIGHT be up, its all good homie
O!
Better do the other one.
Eyebrows gotta match.
I didn't know I was in the mood for a gothic doctorma tonight but ' Rebecca satisfied me!
i am an working progression...
I am a pure genus
Yes, a few times.
I have family near there.
:
good idea!
And great work on the Whitney issue
are you on instagram?
if so, what's your user name?
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Choctaw, Mobile  Washington Counties until 12:00 AM
thanks for the suggestions, man!
are super awesome!
They follow back!
Thus, the super awesome.
The Bible forbids eating shrimp and wearing polyester.
When are those Constitutional amendments coming?
Latest fortune cookie: Only time will tell if you're on the right course.
Just made this up, of course.
But why not have misfortune cookies?
Happy Birthday !!!!!!
May all your birthday wishes come true!
2012 is your year!
I think I'm just blowed cuz I keep hearin somebody call my name n gun shots
never let anyone or anything get under your skin.
When ignorant peeps chatter, them a deaf ear.
you can put me on layaway.
You go way above and beyond.
Tell them I said they should pay you more.
Happy Wednesday everyone!
We have some amazing new shoeboxes to show you, so make sure to take a peak later today!
Do you have a good recipe to make crispy tofu?
I haven't tried it that way before.
its stopped now!
Only lasted like a minute;P
doctorg testing facility had a keurig!!!!
Thought I was back at pepperdine for a sec!
eh all though I dig some of his music I'm not the biggest fan..
Especially not big enough to buy last min tix.
hmm never said anything about stealing?
k...
Mine from way back.
Sorry RepressiveRegressiveRevisionists ;
How are you Jess?
Or if only there were photos from inside the doctorssing room that they accidentally forgot to delete...
; I think I'll just go for a walk instead of waiting for others to wake up.
me too.
I'm more excited about the 2nd round.
We could go for alshon jeffery WR, out of SC.
If he is still there.
thx for RT!
enjoy the weekend!
Awesome!
Two alumns are the developers of QLab.
One was hoping to Skype in; guess it didn't work out.
40 empty cabs in front of my building RT : Do you think any Chicagoans woke up and said oh good good, it is NATO Week?
Honestly, I don't give two shits about SCMF.
A5: Jetblue tweeted that they do not have a big enough plane for what the Red Sox require, i'm sure they knew that going in
is on twitter despite his skepticism...
: now we'll await his comments on the article
Beast and Puck, omfg.
This is beautiful.
I've been feeling so alone lately
I feel so depressed :/, I need to get the fuck out of this house.
Thank you for featuring uswe're honored!
In this production called life some are meant to be seen, some are meant to direct and most are going to watch.
No, I'm sheepishly reading it at Alterra.
He just gave her the NDA and she's talking to Kate.
About 1/3 in.
how are you?
Thanks for the follow:

I have decided to stick with love.
Hate is too great a burden to bear.
Rev.
doctor Martin Luther King
I had to pick new flights so I'm now flying from Dulles instead of Bmore.
Clothing doctorp off is now open!
Come swap at The Beach House in Mandeville.
doctorp off 'til 5:30, swap starts at 6p!
its a cute bottle
Come see redux his talk tomorrow morning 8:30 during the flex track

my 700th tweet goes to ..
God , because he's the only one I can count on the most , especially right now ..
:
Thank you, Rob!
lol the funny part is watch bronco betty become the new barrell man haha
well fuck you
Just do you....
Yup, April stats are useless : Yay for April.
Will be above 200 with another hit.
is finding it not as difficult as i thought it would be to break through the writers block i've been banging my head on these past 5 years
Project HOOD and the Walk Across America are going to be on Good Morning America in Times Square NY before we walk!
A freelancer who loves your story is the best ally a PR person can have.
I think you mean...Hodgman?
Thanks!
:D
haha perfect timing!
wow..
first game jitters!
college football at its best!
doesn't matter what opponent it is; gotta play every down!
I am alive!
Just been very busy.
Judgment May Set DogValue Precedent Judge holds cleaning company responsible for 65,000 in damages over loss of dog.
At Fixx coffee in saint francis.
Cloudy day.
Old people in sunglasses meanmugging me from their seats outside the diner.
Upper East Side shit.
it was unbelievable how great it all turned out!
SO GLAD you made it!!!!!
Always impressed with your ability to talk on the radio and tweet at the same time.
Who says guys cant do two things at once?
hey!
Are you going to country thunder??
you never understand how much it hurts until it happens to you What's That?
All candidate said they would be police commissioner
its suckss being a teenager
I got made fun of for liking you and I said so what if I'm a Belieber Justin is a talented person and loves his fans to d ...
bachlorette make a bobblehead of me and ask to role play and I'll call the cops.
Gold Stocks rebound after report on EU summit plans
oh..there are a lot of schools there, I guess it depends on what you're looking to study.
I have poured my heart and soul into this record.
I really hope you all like it.
hey sir!
Right now I'm waiting for a class to fit my schedule.
How bout u?
Stay strong!!!
It's not too bad haha.
I think I'd heard that about Paige.
It was a gimmick, like the hitter Minnie Minoso pinchhitting at 50.
Cool, though.
Hahahahahaha im ratchet
Dear mister Jim, how does your marvelous brain work?
Yours, The Fabuliste
Tanning doesn't fix ugly
People think they want things, but they don't have the discipline.
I believe that you get what you want if you want it enough.
Sofia Loren
where u workin at now
Phillip Phillips3
You both better be coming to HFTwestival.
Do it.
Did the wheel fall off of this one, too?
Nobody is okay!!!!!
Awe, I'm just kidding.
When I do offer a bit of advice for job seekers, there's rarely a thank you.
Which means they don't read, can't write and fail to listen.
Open today 'til 10p!
Last few days to see Reflections on Guatemala and snag your own piece of local indy art!
just woke from a 12hr sleeping binge.
Ah...
refreshing.
I got my coffee  toast.
Now, it's time to head to Norrath for the next 24 hours.
Watching the Vikings get their butts kicked the first half, sure it's preseason but the oline doesn't look good.
Only a few hands raised when asked who are Content Strategists in the room.
Excited that I was able to be one of them.
2012 London Olympics to generate 300m for wine trade, says study by Wine distributor Bibendum and Local Data Company.
It's funny that I'm out of school and going to prom, lol.
just say when.
2 hrs.
away and enrolled at State at present.
Understanding acid reflux symptoms and cures can certainly help you to decide whether what you are experiencing fits the diagnosis, and...
Muscle?
I thought you were getting  :D
Dick Clark died.
It was only a matter of time, seeing as he's mostly missed his last few rejuvenation ceremonies.
hi.
You're beautiful.
:
ha!
either way, you guys have fun Over There.
loved tonight's episode.
Thanks for smart, funny tv that I can watch with my 13 yr old son
Waiting  clinic again.hope it's my last time.: my leg is better..yay!
Museum and Gallery Listings for April 2026  New York Times
Cat person?
Like sandpaper tongue instead?
Why would you put your turn signal on a turn only lane?
Congratulations Virginia Beach.
You never cease to underwhelm me.
A Lewis, in talking about Internet privacy If UR not paying for something, you're not the customer; you're the product being sold
Rush hour traffick into city...i dont miss this at all.
Which hurts more.
Thinking you should hate him or knowing you don't?
You are your problem.
And you are your solution.
Just asking: When will STL dump Ryan Franklin?
ERA is 9.88  opponents BA vs is .393!
Not sure of contract situation but enough!
Prediction: Honey Badger makes a big play for LSU lead, Richardson takes over for Bama win.
1714.
Cowboy Spurs fans are very similar!
Quick to throw those rings in your face after a 40point loss
Well Boston will win next game..
All im sayin..
We are looking for gigs for the rest of the winter and spring.
Let us know if you or someone you know is interested in great live music
I'm Good
Of course you did.
Small world indeed.
these dudes ring kings wifen erry thing they see
get well soon!!!
Because she needs to be told what to say...
WhiteHouse policy
compliments of my grandmother!
ouch.
Please becareful.
He is prolly so xcited to see you, he may not be able to sleep tonight.
:
Very nice!
slightly dyslexic, so I read that as MLA is my passion!
I enjoy the daily doc in my RSS feed.
I tend to miss it as I check in and out of Twitter.
Either way, it's great!
60 angel 30 naughty 10bad girl now which girl do u want to play with ?
.
Great post!
Community is about supporting one another in a common cause.
The hard part is always identifying a common voice.
The biggest thing i hate about eating a good meal is that u get really sleepy afterwards.
Grrrrrr not happy about my flu shot :
hahah : i love it.
I know!
We havent played a show in ages!
Seems like weve been held hostage in the studio!
I like em all.
What do guys in Poland look like?
HerbieHancock speaking about the new MathScienceMusic initiative
Fights a awesome!!
Crowd is great!!
First come first serve last in first out come one come all add it all up and the whole is greater than the sum of it's parts.
So this game IS a save situation and we're still NOT going to use Papplebon?!?!?
RT : marketermonday Digital Edge Live Speakers:
Davy Jones died?!
NO!
I was the biggest Monkees fan as a kid I had 13 imaginary bros named after the Monkees.
SAD!
follow me
i'm not disappointed in you :
The sad thing is I wasn't surprised in the slightest by Marmol's meltdown today, even after his terrific save yesterday.
It's almost as if were designed specifically for me!
Just booked one of the last early bird tickets.
I have very warm feelings toward you, threeday weekend.
This thing you and I are starting is going to be really special.
oh, okay.
i think i agree with that someone, and want to follow ex.
of senior scholars who make their work 1/2
Global Sources spring 2012 electronics trade shows to host record 3,600 booths  up 10 percent yearonyear
I'm doctorP DEAD SERIOUS!!
we have a homework rule book..
:/ but it's on the 2nd page No homework on weekends!
Yee come here!
Revving up for WH BrewFest...
it will be mad scientist time in the kitchen this week.
Happy birthday to the IISA!
It's been a great 10 years.
Thanks for all the support.
Looking forward to new beginnings.
FRIDAY IS HERE!!!!
The 5 HeartBeats last scene when they was in church lol

And I have a diff definition of the term hacker and don't rly identify with it.
First dates are awkward, first kisses are heavenly , first love it's irreplaceable and first heartbreaks are unforgettable .
:  remember, she doesn't care?.
Seems Somebody needs attn.
Badly.
I like u 3
bieber fever will get to them sooner or later you just wait.
Goodness.
Girl next to me keeps crushing her vodka and crying.
Not sure if it is because of the Pacers Heat game or Mom related.
Great guest Thurs On Health  Healing.
Sue Dumais talking re: a fertile state of mind.
Thurs 89pm PST on http//:a2zen.fm
NFL doctorFT WE ARE ON THE CLOCK!!
You're right!
SF in general is awesome like that.
Have you lived there your whole life?
I get a lot more retweets, replies, favorites, and mentions when I'm totally irrational and crazy.
So, with that being said...
FUCK.
YOU.
Nothing like deep intellectual conversations till 3am...
Gotta love how funny life is sometimes.
is doctorving and tweeting.
this is not good.
I'm trying one more time.
Placed another order for 2 more, this time VIA 1505TM.
Should be here Monday, will report then.
Participating in the webinar Building the Digital Branch for the 21st Century
waiting for the colorgaurd to begin the ceremony at the Rotary Club Luncheon
Tomorrow I Have No Track Events That Means I Can Sleep In Homie !.
: thank you!
I think Romney WINS even if he loses....not sure Santorum can raise any REAL ....
I'm done trying.
Dog park plus doctorft plus Pads game.
NICE.
blowin up my twitter...
freak
i got blue paint all over my white shirt fml
i need more self love.
agreed...
now, back to work for a few hours..
:
Yeshua is present in the siddur as the fullness of Torah, the human embodiment of God's eternal Name and Word.
I'm telling Justin to follow EVERYONE who follows
I hate getting out early cause I have to wait for one of my parents to come pick me up 
Coventry City vs Burnley LIVE StReAmInG English League soccer live
Great to see you at the Fancy Food Show.
We love your short grain brown rice!
Thank you, Ginny.
One of these days I must check that site out.
nice come back in lastnights race!
who else agrees that us fans are the best ?
:
Pumpkin pie is just as vital as Turkey on Thanksgiving...For REAL!
yeah, I was hoping they were going to sing Some Nights.
I think they could easily make that song the new single.
Hobos wipe their bums with the
Cordsman: We don't have any basic data on the Afghan people, economy.
Economy will collapse at doctorwdown.
ha, i'm just being a pest.
but i'm glad to know the date.
i want to come : cc:
Mary Howitt For visions come not to polluted eyes.
Not to be missed ; RT : Who is joining us for a talk on Social Media w/ catering.
DJing tonight at Doors open at 10, see you there!
only the best Auntie could post this pic..since I orchestrated it!
I've now encountered two US government cybersec information websites that present invalid certificates.
I'm sure God takes Poops everywhere.
I'm wrong, I'm dead wrong
I understand!
:
Your eyes are blue like the ocean baby im lost out at sea, did the sun just come out or did ya smile at me?
:
You're welcome, mister Dusty!!
God bless your day!!!
:
It's Gonna be a 12 hour day!
Im just tryna graduate.
Keep your online contest ideas coming!
i love it when other people are verifiably more ridiculous than me.
agreed, I wouldn't have guessed that blackberry is the phone of choice for urban London youths.
going to be a good fight!
KG is a boss
Don't even bother sending me support my album if you aint gone get mine...
NIGGAS HAVE PUSSIES TOO...
The SnapScan S1500 Scanner is a basic scanner suitable for the daily scanning needs of the small law office: 400.00 20 pgs/min, 50pg ADF
okay well tell everyone else that also.
Stay tuned in the coming weeks for marketing tips and product specials
hungover from swvoracious last night.
great to see
we are delighted to hear LSJ is doing well.
Keep us and our uk sparklers tuned in :
USC's Pat Haden will get a different view of Notre Dame
just voted : Good luck!
Fax?
Who faxes?
Faxing went the way of the Pony Express people....
Poor throw to second let's runners advance then another hit for a double brining in 2 more...love baseball, love
I think its sexier when a woman wears all of her clothes.
I love the slope of a neck, the soft voice of a woman, even a laugh
We challenge you to doctornk lowfat or fatfree milk with dinner every night this week.
US DOT Stat: 68 of work commutes are between 1 and 15 miles.
51 of are fewer than 10 miles.
Great reason to bike
I really want to talk to someone :
Right....
She was awesome!!
did you get that parody email I sent you
use that link he sent you!
You'll get up to episode 6 :D tell me what you think of it!
:
chillin at home me and my mom eating and gitting ready for a
it's on the to do list.
Favorite comedy movie..
GO!
Why hello there!
Fancy meeting you here.
oh no!
Then we'd have to leave the house!
That's unacceptable!
Lol
Ditto!
RT : I believe there is great value in generating original content  curating web.
1 does not replace the other.
Great question!
For curious homeowners, can you elaborate on the differences?
Watching Vidal Sassoon documentary.
Inspiring!
Glad to hear it!
next part !:
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool?
Bob
Anyway, it's getting late.
off to bed.
Follow !
He is a fun one.
Any fan of us is a friend of ours!
Who?
!
What?
!
Follow !FollowThursday?
And it's FINALLY bowl week!!
BYU and Tulsa are officially in Fort Worth, and we are all headed to the game tonight!
I like your face.
It's quite nice.
Okay, goodbye.
xx
Wow!
Thanks to all the supporters of the 5th Annual Cuts4aCause!
Thanks for putting on the great event!
of course my mom has to ruin my weekend.
She just comes home and she already doing the most.
Unconditional love would be a beautiful thing though.
Some day.
Bofl no girl like almost DEAD!!!
Lmaoooo
missed ya!
Happy holidays :
yes I do, but not much I spend most of the day with people born here, speak lots of Spanish and Italian with my Uncle.
Jess you rock!
Thanks for the kind words!
You are da coolest!!!
Flat tire on a Monday morning...oh joy!
Got a long day ahead of me.
Sigh.
Weekend where you at?
3 burgers?
YES PLEASE!!
4WordsYouDontWantToHear anything about the masters.
you ain't real
Just had a meeting about summer camp!
We are thinking of doing a showcase one night!
Are you coming to join?
RIP Levon Helms...
what a talent!
Had 3 amazing experiences at Eataly!
When are you bringing the concept to Chicago?
Just tried lino for the first time recently.
It's really fun, and surprisingly easy to learn.
correct.
I never leave there hungry.
4:20, and productivity is at an alltime low.
:/
Navigator Elite package includes a touch screen DVDbased navigation system, a rear seat DVD entertainment system with an eight inch screen
Mexico automaking marks shift to luxury with Audi building SUVs Mexico's automobile industry, once focused on small cars and pickup truck
I heard Mambo  5 and Freak on a Leash on the doctorve home today.
In 8 minutes, I relived my entire adolescence.
I was just thinking the same thing?!
I am too:
The Silk Tie likes BusinessTweetz!
On Marketing Do you think people are looking at billboards?
There not even looking at the F Road!
If you look deeper you will see that love and attachment are not the same thing.
dont know what your talking about.
shut your mouth.
RT free press lineup is lookin pretty god
Sour grapes?
J/K!
I understand the argument, but he's not the first nor last to do it.
RT : Best line of the day!
NYT David Carr: There hasnt been this much hype about a tablet since Moses came down from the mountain
Read mah story :3 it's in my faves.
Massive explosion at Miller Compressor?
Hey !!
Like Divine Blue ?!
Check us out at twitter.com/divineblue and press that like button !!Dont forget that follow
Ok Americans.
I give up.
What in the bejesus is 'boba'?
Thank you mister Biermaier, for making STEP awkward as ever.
ah yes!
the nap is an important part of any training
RT : Wait, we get killed and these four are allowed to live?
Somali Pirates in Hell
Took a walk in the woods this afternoon and a ing hunter shot towards me and Sue.
Heard the bullet whiz past my head.
Scary...
Thanks for the RT, Tom!
What color ribbon do we have to wear if we are trying to SavePorn?
Or do we just pin a condom to our shirt?
Welp I guess it's all out there.
Bring it on world.
Roger probably deserved a yellow there.
Dirty push in the back.
Otherwise, SportingKC looking very good  in command.
Seems to be a slight disconnect between our email notifications of 'mentions' and our ability to reply to you.
Get well  hope the head is feeling okay.
I am definitely a fangirl of the maine memory network.
So so cool
People who want to share their religious views with you almost never want you to share yours with them.
: Alabama's kicker is apparently attempting to win some sort of halftime kicking contest.
Shoulda held that contest in Denver.
will you be at SXSW?
Would love to hang out and chat about UX and LibraryArchives digital products.
Happy Mother's Day!
At da circus bout to walk in
the monkey has what now!?
Global companies stumble time and again attempting to access Chinas lucrative market.
Read our 7 ways to succeed in the market.
Its not that many people tweeting.
I keep seein tha same names on my TL.
Maybe I need more follows/followers
Am I completely overzealous if I show up at the Issey Miyake exhibition tomorrow at 9AM?
FF has a new location downtown  a new Twitter acct.
Yes please!
RT Geo, my man, get it together.
What I meant was we don't know how ridiculous some ideas are until they are verbally expressed.
So yeah, deftly speak out!
guess what I'm doing right now?
Short answer: No RT : Could the pervasive power of TV be used to stimulate community dialogue and decisionmaking?
we have a lot in common.
I am following you:
The Crows serve as a great waring to this Coyote roaming my yard.
People Get Away With So Much When I'm Sick...
santa fe is more hipstery than here!?
There's nothing better than a cold cup of coffee...except a hot one...or a warm one...or anything else.
Fuck that noise
lol.
Look at the total package....stepawayfromdaa
I kno rite I'm bout to call em for u lol
Hi Bob!
Yes, I'm still telling takes  writing books.
I have 18 now  new ones on the way.
:
We're good 4 gas, insurance,  180 miles/day!
DM us 4 deets.
Whether it's us or a new ride, best of luck finding wheels to freedom!
Trying to link Twitter to Facebook.
Might be easier to bring about a full Cream reunion tour.
no I work on Friday and Saturday
Ok....one more.
Famous last words
Great motivation Baby!3
Nov, 17th, be sure to catch us at Skrappys with The World We Knew, Inhale Exhale, The Browning, and !
Only 12 presale.
he's so ugly lol I've been good just bored lol I'm looking for a job.
It is indeed great, but to also know a future world where the first female president of the United States is elected as well.
Hi Lindsey!
How is your semester going?
It MUST be Sharon Needles.
MUST MUST MUST.
CPC  in the registration line.
Im Laying In Bed Listning To your covers what about youu Austin?
Always3
Emanuel and Jennifer Walls wear matching 'The doctoram is Now' tshirts as they push 1yearold son Xavier in a stroller.
Wow ain't been on here in a while been really busy hope to be on alot more
Enjoying the weather!
!
I saw was on Twitter and I followed that shit.
arctic blast making my radio traffic buy unhappy...
All I need is one mic!
Jonas, u the owner of the Texas Cowgirls?!
...
Dude, ur killing it in San Antonio!
Eight Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, I love you before you leave for the day.
My Twitter Fans: shoutout to you guys you rock D thanks
safe travels!
Bomb night!
Every time I hear the birds chirping in the morning, I feel like I'm waking up in the arena
Air conditioning 333333333
Childoctorn really annoy the sht out of me!
Checking out the dev site now for siide  few bugs but we're live on Monday!
haha hopefully I passed my geometry one today.
I'm tired of being tired and really should go to bed...
EDSHOWISSUE2 Madison loves you Ohio!
Walker is next!
The world needs an Animorphs movie.
I would watch the heck out of that.
Whatever I want, the exact opposite happens.
smh
I keep trying to use the password for the store I was in last week at this store.
Not working out too well
You boys should really go to Croatia this summer!
TWInCroatia :
brooklyn'd
thanks for sharing!
playin it now!
Chicken Salad.
Yup.
JustRemember are THE BEST.
i love them all
4WordsYouDontWantToHear, he likes someone else.
IWonderIf the boys will even notice the midwest
HAHAHAHAHAHA I KNOW WHAT THIS IS ABOUT.
SMH....I know what u mean, thats why i quit mine, now i'm working on my own business.
: Just crushed a commercial with ichiro smallscreenstar What???
What kind of commercial?
Whitehead suggest political dialectic via wearing provocative tshirts
Congrats, Tim!
wishing you all the best  hope to see you out here again soon.
Actually, I'm trying to figure out how to better use it myself.
Hope work is treating you well.
Handled it so well in your interview!
Turning the moment into an opportunity......an important advance for women and girls!
Laying low tonight, getting ready for Salsa Saturday at Madoctordgall.
:Basic Cataloging and Classification is full.
Join the Wait list button leads to nowhere.
:
Exfoliating facial scrubs feel glorious after a sweaty nite in the van
pei peipoli Politicians always think they know what their constituents want, even when their is outcry suggesting otherwise.
LIVE GOLF SCORES  2012 World Matchplay Championship from Finca Cortesin, Spain LIVE GOLF SCORES  2012 World Matchplay Championship from
I will choose to think only of the unfamiliar PDs in LA and PS that we'll be getting to know shortly.
I need to do this paper...
haha oh my gosh i remember that!
and thanks girl, i'll tell you the whole story please call!
haha I have movie dork problems
Rain, jazz, and coffee.
sighs contentedly
First half ends Detroit 1410 New Orleans
I love it!
RT : If I look at the masses, I will never act.
If I look at the one, I will.
Mother Theresa
ringalingaling!
Hello???
Hi Jhoselin!!
Thanks so much for following!
Talk soon!!
And big thanks to and for your tweets about Aufbau.
You were the first to help spread the word!
RT : Each person deserves a day away in which no problems are confronted, no solutions searched for.
Maya Angelou  Amen to that!
: got to go with the nuggets what's the scoop can they do it in Rd 1?
I sure hope so!
Everytime I text someone I'll talk to you later I expect them to say okay or I wont feel complete.
Don't unfollow me, imma get to u asap
mygraduationspeech west side
Love all the support!!
: RT : you ladies are the
i know, lol
When speaking to a nurse about blood work I don't want to hear I think, maybe, Hm and More Power to You when discussing results!
RT : Best pistachio shake ever!!!
house favorite!
Glad you liked it!
: Overall very impressive major league debut for YeiWin Chen.
I think he's gonna be a keeper.
Orioles I 2nd that!
Nicejob!
NO, people who worked all their lives ARE entitled to benefits they paid into.
I worked for 42 years, wait till YOU have to spk
We are!
socialmedia has really changed the way we connect with each other!
I think a cupcake is in order!
You?
Technology is awesome, until it isn't :!
its a herb .
Lol
SCMS12 bit surprised about how focused the panel is on print, books, etc.
shows some lag from many DH venues talking of data, archives
Wow that's great!!!!
Did anyone ever pick it up..
are you still trying?
I would love to write one or 12.
You are just mad I handed you your ass.
Don't be a sore ass loser.
The cemetery next to the Pier One in Glendale is called the Town of Milwaukee Union Cemetery .
Weak ass spring break!
lol goin to work.
How long you been back in town?
Thanks good people for the follow.
Great presentation with members of We love to empower people to take control of their online presence.
thank you for the follow, i hope i can help towards your noble mission
Blake Griffinmost overrated terd in league
Here's a question: If these reformers are so freaking focused on what's best for the kids, why didn't they become teachers?
just met rios stewart and reed from the whitesox workperks :
whos coming to the open run tommorrow holds it down like no other!
1:45 bring your game!
That shot by Kobe was nice.
Hakeem would be proud with the patience.
I'd love to hear that lecture.
Any chance you can share notes?
Our country needs the LEADER, so be ONE.
figuring out what to do today in Dallas.
watching rocky 4 sucks.
eff it I'll vibe to mac miller instead
I couldn't agree with you more.
Ugh.
Anything happening at Ramisterd?
Ohh, never tried that.
That stinks.
IT'S A GOD IN ME
RT : BO!!!!
APPLEFAIL AGREED.
I was really looking forward to the touch having a camera.
Democrats nationally support Voter ID laws 5836.
In Pittsburgh DMA Democrats also support Voter ID laws...exactly 5836
We have to educate the population on privacy vs.
personalization says for better user experiences.
thanks for taking my call!
what worries me is...that means the Dolphins had SO little confidence in Alex...why would they think that??
How can we get you host our film festival in asbury park?
I have some friends who go to so much they are GOLD Members now...
coates just scored a cracking goal....recommend you check it out
Thanks Sasha!
This is great.
And totally my style!
just noticed that my Hotmail account is over 10 years old.
For it's birthday, I setup a recovery phone .
you should too.
My 5 word review of TheBaconing : More difficult than the others.
Still has great writing and graphics.
Welldone.
who and why
I love you both :
having an ignorant opinion is fine.
Expressing an ignorant opinion is ignorant.
Don't be stupid.
i want a baby french bulldog and i would name him Bobby Boucher
Great to meet you too.
I are BIG fans of your maker creations!!!
Sending faxes to someone's home telephone  is one of the best parts of my day.
Hello?
Hello?
HELLO?!?!.
Danica is in the shootout?
Why is she there?
the supply was soo funny.
she's one of the best.
what were you saying in the gym today?
i didn't understand :
this made me smile  thx : : Aaaaaarrrrggghhh!!!
My dumb dog just ate an entire box of candy canes!
Crawfish Boil at Judges Vinnegaroon from noon8 at Church  18th TODAY.
okay  sounds good.
Soo my horse threw me today, and I landed on my head.
Thank God I was wearing my helmet.
Reign over me may be the most under rated movie of the last decade...if you haven't seen it fix that
I guess so
so true, this is a good one.
...and then the container store catalog made everything better!
Had a great time at last night.
It was great to see the always radiant as well.
Can't wait for next month!

I want to say it was Balloon Man that got me started with Robyn.
I'm a sucker for a silly pop tune.
:
My friends are the best3
So the day is winding down and I starting to think about my game plan for the coming week
it was great!!
3WordsOfAdvice stop being stupid.
whoa now calm down!
Thank you.
Much appreciated.
Do You Use These Recruiting Tactics For Your MLM Sponsoring?
Good morning, everybody!
Hurray!
Its Wednesday!
Yay!
Thank You!
Glad to hear we could help.
We love feeding you guys at the news!
depressed how excited single ppl r 4 Halloween.
Inevitable disappointment looming over their heads.
Like watching a dying man trying to walk
Im tellin ya DODGERS takin it all the way this year will be 50/50 and my next RECORD will go Platinum!
SWEET!
Zen got a double shot out!
What are you doing this weekend?
Uh, that's a bit scary.
Hopefully he isn't too serious about the polish.
Ok if it's a gag
I am soo confused this morning.
: First they ignore you.
Then they laugh at you.
Then they fight you.
Then you win.
Mahatma Gandhi
do a vlog on your favorite songs!
might've been too soon to make that joke.
but you're still doctornking, so i figured...
We're so glad you enjoyed yourself!
We hope to see you again soon!
In a just world, there would be no repercussions for me turning around and punching the Sabres fan behind me in the jaw.
Repeatedly.
Unt ...
i LOVE SMITH..but while his series goes on i am less impressed..Tennant got better as he went along
His tweets sound like a third grader writes them, which would have been ok had he not gutted the WI education system.
who the fucc is this knockin at my window ?
so cute 3
If my life were a movie, it would be titled Overheated Car Part 35283653535652.
The End.
It's a beautiful morning in Bozeman, but I was hoping for 75 degrees and sunny.
Martin, A Storm of Swords.
Still not entirely sure what all the fuss is about.
Brumder Mansion Gives a 50 Discount on all Rooms MonThur Active Military  Veterans with Military ID time of Check in Call 414/2182202
only folklorists would knit resources together :P
Exactly.
Going to kings island last friday was the most I've done in months ....
DIY Planter Patio Umbrella Stand
Is in serious need of caffeine.
here I come!
dont worry I will see ya ass soon!
Party came before :
The Heat spent all they money on the Big 3 Now they post game is suffering b/c they have NO quality good ones.
Right on.
No getting around it.
why you still talking that bullshit though?
if there is a conference committee...
What an extremely expensive day I had!!!
Tomorrow is going to be just as expensive.
I just have to keep telling myself it's an investment
But I don't want to live that way.
keeps telling me how dark I've gotten  she's making me feel bad :
tonight's agenda: wash, pack, surf the web, kick it with Aaliyah
Well yeah, because you weren't in on it!
none of the boys that i want to meet inspired me to sing the jonasbrothers did but the 3boys did showme how to never give up andshowed me
aww I miss u guys.
Let's doctornk copious amounts together soon.
I love this TEAM
Premium Weds!!!
behind the bar.
are here!
AND  party rockin!
let god deal with the things they do, cuz all that hate will consume u to0!....lol heard will smith on the radio this a.m lol
RT : Musically frustrated.
today is a ugly day it be raining all morning bro wow
' Need him to grow a bak bone , been asking for to long now!!
Thanks to BT2Duke for the inspiration  clarity today.
Was feeling lost abt professorfuture.
Came  the right time.
Now, off to eat!
I look horrid today smh
like the Hunstman girls except serious and therefore unfunny
how many people?
You guys get preferential treatment?

I blame the coaching first, players second!
Pacers are in the bonus every quarter and yet the Heat settle for jumpers!
Lyon argues that persuasion inherently implies terminus, therefore it is not useful theory for deliberation.
Ooh, great suggestions!
I've heard a lot about Trespass, too.
Checking sample now, thanks!
Romantic Tip 327  Does your partner love speed and thrills?
Plan your next vacation around the best rollar coasters in the U.S.!...
little rory is all grown up.
I think its because everyone has the same provider
careful listen to ur body, but I'm sure u already do
Nashville is trending...we live in Nashville.
Are we trendy?
Blood flows down one leg and up the other.
ur like god.
U have changed the world, and taught lessons to people.
I love U .
Please follow me
WTF Wednesdays at Davenport Lounge SA!
2 doctornks all night, no cover 21
What is Xtina wearing?
Really!
No plans so far and you?
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
The media has nothing better 2 do.
B blessd!
Joyce
GS will crack the financials again as more downticks to follow in the group.
Pressure just starting again.
make your 3rd one in 3d....
Im bored
Little Giants is on right now, totally remember loving this movie way too much.
What an adorable little person you were.
:
Off to work soon.
Hate working retail.
Fake compliments are better than ever, sad to be such a good liar?
Need to get that internship soon.
not very encouraged that couldnt even keep track of the item to help me get it.
stores by me never had it and it wasnt online.
Hey Roy Williams Owners!
Looks like he will be OK for week 1, maybe 2.
Nice bottle of Wine and a Shoulder Massage and he'll be just fine!
Happy mothers day to all the moms!
always great to bump into you!
he'll be starring in my doctorams tonight.
That counts in my book.
I think everyone's a 10, higher of they have log hair, doctorads, got in trouble with the law, and isn't white
Ahh...Haven't been on this in forever D:
hey sis remember that ray cash bumpin my music????
Hahah my daily life consists of mean girl quotes cuz of the shit that happens to me!
Lmfao, I swear I say one every hour 
who wants to be my valentine?
One of my teachers once told me, If you never ask, then you'll never know.
I guess curiosity doesn't always kill the cat.
Chances are, your competition hasn't heard of this yet.
RPD Chief Sheppard just offered condolences to Larie Butler's family.
But they still have not confirmed it was her body in the pool.
A phrase, btw, which makes me think of The Godfather for some reason.
Pfizer races to reinvent itself; plans to reduce its research budget
Morning everyone!
Only a few more days until we get to watch SportingKC dominate again.
There isn't a moment of truth.
The truth is already there, the moment is when we discover the truth.
what hotel r u booking at?
Has no life for the next three days.
WHOS WATCHIN THE CMAS katy perry i love u n ur doctorss
My computer is already having issues and it's not even 9 AM!!!
Maybe it's a sign HappyFriday friends!
Dinner and a movie or long walk on the beach?
For all of those who have served or are currently serving in the Armed Forces, thank you.
You are always
Am ridiculously pleased with USPSforever stamps I just ordered: Indy 500, AmScientists, Owney, Disney, Ships, Edward Hopperjust awesome!
ItsFunnyHow I'm trying so hard and yet you don't even care .
3
Love to see all your fans connecting with you on here!!
Twitter, quit being a cunt  let me change my background.
Mine is quite white  I don't like it.
Let me add some pictures.
Thanks!
x
Good morning
Too bad the Vikes wont still be there : Vikings will have a 5 year exclusive rights window to bring in an MLS franchise to MN.
Aztecs open conference play at home tonight vs TCU at 8pm.
Make it out if you can...on The MTN if you can't.
it's only 1:12 in the morning.
I'm usually still up.
I just don't tweet this time of night.
Well good night tweedos work in the AM haha they was sleeping on me Z 
We love just off the Plaza.
GREAT walkin opportunities MF 8:00:30  5:00:30 plus weekend appointments.
ahahah really.?!
and i LOVE your name:D
Call us or doctorp us an email!
We can probably help you.
Gonna try this chicago transport system 4 the 1st time.
Blanke does typology of selfportraits according to how they relate to autoscopic hallucinations or outofbody experience.
cool.
Thanks everyone for making last night a success.
We had a great time and it was awesome to see so many familiar and new faces out there!
u got tatted folks
Yes, I am an agent of Satan, but my duties are largely ceremonial
I need something different, you know it.
Oh oh you know it.
I love seeing you give shout outs to former Gators.
i think i figured it out 65 would then be 7250 for single standard deduction.
will u reply with Y/N with that 
Thank you for adding me to your ezine!
They are little people...
My little fish waves goodmorning to me each day.
They are so much more if we give them a chance...
They say sarcastic shit about injured players but God forbid, if it's Sid everyone wants pity.
Yup.
Depressing, infuriating, hilarious.
Lots of random acts of kindness today.
Keep it coming NY!
YAYYYYY!!!
RT : Thanks !!
So excited I won tickets to a sneak peak of BigMiracle!!
tough to critique..there's great depth in the app.
Hm, custom news; usergenerated/selected source?
Encourages user engagement.
: still here.
116 n grant
what am i doing today?
OMProcrastination.
We appreciate you following Poised Creation Las Vegas!
Looking for a filmmaker to shoot a promo video of our rehearsal this Sunday.
Any volunteers?
not much of a game...a Kentucky win would really help my 10TV bracket
I wish revoked in the face of widespread ridicule was a fact more often.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys!?
plus my friend who killed herself because of ppl making fun of her.
webserieschat Without being established in tv how do I make my show successful?
www.terriblepeopleshow.com
PH UNDER 7
hahaha, it is pretty true.
on the flip side my favorite dogs are little ones because they remind me of cats, lol
UC Vs.
Nature.
Many of the issues in this session are still around.
One Direction concert May 28 ilmlll
My dad making fun of all the spectators at the Masters.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!
TheBestPartOfMyDay was using Wrecking Balm
got dem racks ...
Listen to it
No offense taken.
Yes, my focus on the historical  conceptual aspects of art in times of revolutionary struggle was perhaps
Hey Ken!
Thanks for the follow.
Your website is great!
Love the photos from Jordan
And they won't accept queso.
Go figure.
sweet potato!RT : What's POPnewflave?
RT Like salty snacks, how about a sweet tooth?
he had tweeted a column from peggy noonan and I replied that they were a perfect match having both sold out to Obama.
Consider yourselves liked so much.
do they make beard tiaras because if they do....I'm taking Thursday of!
If you retweet sumn dat i tweet  i dont follow you , I just might follow you .
.
Internet timeout.
.
Twiximity is a term I've created to describe the coolness one feels by following super people like you.
I could really go for some Gates BBQ and KC Tea
Betcha didn't know that a great white's teeth aren't connected to it's skull.
Yeah, i don't really care either!
Just heard yet another New Pornographers song in a commercial.
Had no idea they were such jingle writers.
all bad lol
Those who follow FloCo on Twitter can come into the University office and get a coupon for FREE Burrito Loco!
wow you poor thing RT : that anyone who gets on a plane w a guitar carryon smells like patchouli.
dontsitnext2mehippie!
BoA just sent me a card with Visa number and CVV clearly legible on internal packaging.
Maybe package differently?
Unnecessary exposure.
Detroit is home to one of America's biggest corp in the world  ask GM what they've done for the communities of Detroit?
I can't find my pants!!!
RT : I think women view OTHER women who seem to use their attractiveness to get ahead at work much harsher ...
dthr trudat
What does this look like?
mother is stable, but she needs to be better, I am so worried.
So much pain my heart.
But then told me it was a cute idea 
La Bete with its rhymed verse and fraudulent clown Sat, St.
Bart's book group today, and now I'm off to the Halloween parade and festivities
i did mommy:D
Feels like shorttrack guru would be much cooler on my business cards than Strategic Development
I honestly think A was Oprah Winfrey.
Happy Hour now, and our 10 allyoucandoctornk tap beer special tonight.
Yup, must be
jealous!
it is probably beautiful there right now!
RT : RT : I contributed to this article // 6 tips for documenting your family trip with shoutouts to and...
Wish I could turn 'Hyphenation' to OFF by default for paragraphs, I think Photoshop is still in denial that Web Designers use their program.
you do the same
Who is winning Preakness tomorrow?
me r so excited4 bieberday where every1 in our skool is wearin purple3we r even dyin tips of our hair purple
im not scared giubs im not scared
I don't understand you at all!
Grrr!
RT I think that every human being has an innate sense of I.
Islands in the stream.
That is what we are.
Volka was water an I was a duck I swimm to the bottem an never come up but volka not water an I'm not a duck so pour meva class an shut up
The best thing is how much my dogs love to work, we have so much fun together.Steve W., Bellefonte, PA
goodnite be bless
Wishing I hadn't been right  that the Colts would be our Broncs.
Oh, well, upward and onward to a wild card spot  you bet.
my boyfriend should marry me cause' that'd be super rad.
ESPN2 BlacklightPartyOct22 Giving out free tickets!!!!
is leading a Social Media Symposium at MdHS right now!

Oh wouldn't you just like that?
Getting to see Kottaras everyday,  without a mask for a better view.
My twitcon sucks ..
I need to put up a new one !
Research on elite performers reveals 3 main factors which help to maintain Mind Toughness: i internal motivation  desire; 2 strong
Dumb cunts posting shit about Obama.
How about you learn a thing or two before you go running your unintelligent mouth?
RT : are you planning on using the sculpt directly?
Not baking the details on a low poly?
// Yes, bake.
Not a fan of standing on lines, I've avoided going to Turns out that it's worth the wait!
This one guy came up to me and said company offers a 1,000 referral fee.
And I'd be more than willing to split it.
My stomach hurting i think im like
Keep your feet on the ground and your thoughts at lofty heights.
Pilgrims
That's sweet of you, but short of a new knee, not sure.
: I'm going to see a sports med ortho sometime this month or next.
What a cutie James!!
Thanks 4 sharing.
love it.
And some people will leave you wondering, What just happened here?
Thanks to everybody that came out to the Improv Gym last night!
We crushed environment and spadework.
: Of all the strategems, to know when to quit is the best.
Chinese Proverb
Saw that too.
Very bright.
Was out fishing until past dark.
Beautiful evening.
At the Labor Ed workshop, older activists want to know how to reach out to younger activists It's all about building relationships.
Thursday already...
Welcome:
Tebow will be starting by October Romey.
People like him don't fail.
haha well if you do it, call me :a hahaha :D
Yeah.
Wanna talk to her?
me, me me!
yeah just sick of it it is a daily thing
The best gift exchange ever.
Leopard print panties, bacon toothpaste, and the Book of Mormon.
And what about fat people's rights?
......alright you lost me
Good morning and Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms out there and a BIG shout out to all my riders.
Newark Bike Blessing today.
Go bannanas.
This ish Cray!
About to enroll for a 2nd bachelors.
RT : I haven't been there in forever!!!
Hating on the next bitch, is irrelevant af!
Gonna miss Lyons, but now YOU have even more of a bigger opportunity to shine!
Just saw Shes so amazing.
Biggest snub no SKIP SCHUMAKER off the bench?
2 rings.
As soon as Uggie came on screen, my dog came over and licked me.
Seriously.
I FOLLOWED XD
Having marathon before season 2 starts tonight!
Hey Golic, Shrek called and he wants his face back.
...it's like the Miami airport: a refugee camp with runways.
Channel.
LOVE this guy!!!
RT Welcome to AARSBL  first History of Christianity session is tomorrow, 4 pm, on Augustine and the Trinity
we definitely will!
Also, make sure you sign up for MDC Alerts!
www.mdc.edu/alerts
proposals due on the 15th!
I agree with you completely!
I see your point 100.
lol that shit is true doe
Can you post the Mike Nealy interview online so those of us who are blocked by cox can see what he said?
I'm in love with you too bay
The poor editor probably wants to change it and is told, It's PATTERSON.
He's rich enough to buy you and send you away.
But humans came out of the world.
So nothing is wrong with humans either.
They'll do what they will, till they won't.
;
Everything, schedulewise, is falling into place perfectly for the next week.
I love it when my calendar looks like a winning Tetris game.
'98 NBA Finals.
Bulls win 6th title,and the dynasty came to an end RT Most memorable Game 6 in Chicago sports history?
I am.
Who is your reallife avatar present in this room with us?
Wow.
I love the new Strawberries and Banana smoothie from Burger King!
hope they go home crying!
Wade wit da killer crossover den haslem wit da CHEESE!!!
Tonight Becketts is thrilled to welcome back the brilliant 19th Street Band!
If you havent seen them yet, youre missing out!
I am so not going out tonight, I have the worst luck, if I'm not going out for work I'm not going out.
i like this one more
No im a bail bondsman.
A lawyer can't walk you out of jail.
If you know someone in jail holler back.
My Momma gave me 50 now i have 23 opps i didnt mean to spend dat much :
I'm listening to your song O.
It relaxes me and I love the song
Happy hump day.
I wish I didn't have to take math in my major
Any ideas of what kind of contest we should run in February?
Last up,  was seeking ideas that would change our minds about libraries.
Not there.
oh i know!
but fully clothed.....3
Ha.
Thought it was a 10  100 typo.
Thanks for the tip, that is 10 of help I'll happily take.
pull em together Kidd.
This is ours to lose, we just gotta play like we got somethin to prove.
taking a break form live tweeting to shout out ,: spotted in the SocStart panel
Strong language,lady, and ENTIRELY appropriate.
Attention Atmosphere , nostalkin but I think I'm in love with ..
Woah now that's A WOMAN!!
LORD BLESS THEM ALL WHO ARE WEAK and they don't know and trapped in world with no hope.
Give then light, food and love.
Laundoctor and moving day...oh the joy!!
Back to Basics....
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Many attorneys claim to be highly professorssional...
see for yourself before spending a lot of  with one.
Iamproudtobe: from the ISLANDS!!!!
Summary Judgment argument this morning.
Ready to go!
:
Oh Lexi can't wait that long.
I have to hit Ralph's this month.
Holla at you when I am.
Only 48 hours left to get in on the ground floor and say you made it happen: www.PortlandBoatTours.com
you should check out Sungha Jung...
: If Kylo ever followed me on twitter I would freak out and be so happy :D
RT : Irony: I'm in the DC building that houses MSNBC.
You can't get in w/o ID.
You can vote w/o ID, but you can't visit MSNBC.
Rain rain go away, I need to mow my lawn today.
: need to hurry and come home.....
Lolawe ya miss me!
I'll be there soon dahlin!
Merry christmas!
Two words.
LaMichael.
James.
What if.
William Walsh I can endure my own despair but not anothers hope.
want free honey wilders.
go to thehoneywilders.com and download it all for free, ya free.
Thanks to for letting us play with and tonight!
Next week, we play with !
The world of achievement has always belonged to the optimist.
J.
Harold Wilkins
I'm a sophomore!
GOOD LUCK WITH THE HEALING PROCESS..REALBUCKSFANS STILL REP 6 nomatterwhat
Music is LIFE/ shout outs; to all the artist,producers,models,magazines,directors and stylist were following!
RUSSY your taken ;
Have Fun?
And be safe.
Hope u can do the game tonight.
ThoughtsWhileRunning Just keep going a little longer.
Almost there!!......
OMG, I'M GONNA DIE.
Great to hear!!
Hope to have you as a FutureBearcat!
RT : it was awesome!
My favorite so far!
ari doing good getting stars and in the third grade
R.I.P TO THAT CLIP D.
and are just too perfect.
Beer Camp is back on August 20th!
Learn about beer with a multicourse meal and beer pairings.
Call or email for reservations.
Newt: you do NOT articulate my values.
Look up Grandiose Delusionsit describes your form of mental illness perfectly.
Tico's?
Ruben's Taco Truck??
Benefit of sagging: You get to look cool like you're thugging.
when does that train leave lol
i care about his happiness so much
..and people ask me why i hate my life.
NBC39;s offbeat comedy 39;Community39; returns, for now
did you see the new shirt?
MAN THAT WORLD ACCORDING TO PA  BE JAMMING.LOL.HUH TEX?
I know betty doctorper is a shitty mom, but doesn't she realize that every year or so she comes home from the store with a new bobby?
cmon dont aim so high jus pack an infants tube sock w ya
The Chicago Bears scored 48 points yesterday.
Awesome.
: Once you hate someone, everything they do is annoying as fuck.
holy mess that was so long ago.....
right right.
of course hopefully by 530
bored af right now
Gr8 conversation w/ Tim John about starting a business; It takes an idea, confidence to start  action.
Thx Tim!
Hey Frank, loved you in WARRIOR and THE GREY, but unless you sent me a DM, I think you got hacked.
Good luck!
so many weird sounds outside my window right now...
Glad you enjoyed!
RT : phxprsa lunch fun fact  Disability Empowerment Center put out some A eats.
Nice job!
i missed my old icon3
Had fun, now just waiting!
:
kudos, !
that was pretty impressive customer service...
Gail Rosenthal planned a terrific program last night at Beth El Synagogue.
More than 300 people attended the film screening.
I hate when people touch my stuff it hit my nerved and man that tickes me off
I'm still making it nasty tho!!
im sorry i wasnt talking too you babe but call me back i well i swear love you3
too sweet...glad to be here
Thx for following me
I am doing a church tour next month.
Just in the Phoenix metro for now!
You have it wrong.
I have faith in Fitz, I dont have faith in Young.
If VY spends year as backup, I'm happy
Happy Earth Day to all my people on the planet Earth!
it's going to be WILD!
RT Who else is pumped to meet Frank's brother tonight??
it is a known issue and there's a fix waiting for approval from Apple.
Should be available soon.
Step 6: Pause and reflect.
Celebrate.
damn girl you make the shoes, the shoes don't make you!
We're happy and excited to have you and the rest of Team Penske here in the D!
Cp3 got more for some reason smh RT : Glad Tony Parker got some MVP votes
DUDES WATCH BOXING TO SEE A FIGHT AND CHICKS WATCH BOXING TO SEE SHIRTLESS DUDES FIGHT IN THEIR CHONES
what a great weekend, super excited for this week!
or someone you love dies.
I notice the same thing.
A friend of mine did a wine/choc pairing at a choc shop a few years ago, said it was amazing.
Hope you do it and post pix.
Highprofessorle Mira Mesa real estate agent accused of mortgage fraud.
Eric Elegado and wife Charmagne face money laundering  other felonies
We're experiencing some MAJOR technical difficulties with eBay on the auction items.
Hopefully the link to the items will be back up soon.
I will go to his locker tomorrow, convince him to love him, glue a picture in his locker, and force him to look at his face
What does that mean?
YOU said it.
Yeah but what was the context?
I'm at the queens gate ready to fight the tyranny of leisure.
I can't keep sitting around day after day with such joy and abandon.
Can I?
Don't judge me monkey RT coming home doctornk 
art21preview Segment on Catherine Opie is first.
Most do not fully see this truth that life is difficult.
Instead they moan more or less incessantly, noisily or subtly, about th
Interesting to note that most of the tweets from oah2012 are by public historians
LowCholesterol Recipes: Chipotle doctor Rub 4.56 / 5 Stars  6 Reviews by Kristen It's easy to make a smoky, flavorful rub for grilled mea
Nothing hurts more than being dissapointed by the person you thought would never hurt you
Merry Christmas to you and navy brody be safe and enjoy!
Adam Schneider of Palace Sports and Entertainment joins Eric right now to talk summer concerts at DTE.
Wow...Kelly Hill I've not bbeen there since I was with the 197.
118 E.
Co.
My hair is straight party lol
3 Wow im really feeling the love SKCNation
Best of luck with the move!
Any lastday instagrams planned?
CORRECTION BOX 3115 1 ALARM FIRE not Working
If you're looking for sympathy you'll find it between shit and syphilis in the dictionary.
David Sedaris
G20 talk about need to prevent disruption of the world's food chain, but they can't ensure that if there's a disorderly financial meltdown
thanks for motivating me to do work
you just can't hang with the cool kids.
lol yeah my dad works for Vans so I might be able to meet him
I b trying not to b so hood early n the morning but future n tity Boi keep poppin up....I need a morning playlist
Ward 8 turned out for Gray Town Hall meetingyes!
Am so happy you jumped in, I've been meaning to email you and see if you wanted to get together soon :
Heather Catallo is beautiful, just like Maria from CNBC
I can't wait to go see Tom Izzo speak tonight at LN.
Possibly my favorite college coach behind Bob Knight.
being yourself is the prettiest thing someone can be 3
In a time when kodak and polaroid are on the verge of bankruptcy instagram acquired for 1B.
Those are 13 smart employees!
don't you mean nopants?
Haha really?
I don't see it on my end.
:/
stoked to be following tonight!
make me laugh!!!
Omgg you made a new account!: Ah I love you!3
F.N.O.
Failures No Option
I'm hoping to have some really righteous stuff for
That's awesome!
Hope he continues to do well.
no but maybe there is something better!
:
Are excited about your next album?
I can't wait :
Interested in moving to Detroit?
You should have heard them graduation night when i started playing some ADTR in the car.
I think Jen about had a heart attack.
Today UNITY A JOURNEY OF HOPE rec'd a donation from Amedisys Corp to continue granting wishes, 5000 what a blessing!
God answered my prayer and you made my day with your telephone call!!!
Thank you danorush02
you could of just said yes O.O
hopfully hanging out with sadie this weekend : than going to my grandmas sunday!
:D
opens at the white house today at 3pm
It actually is bad, right?
the stage for a talk called Forget Wall Street, Invest in We
I feel like more cheating goes on in college then in highschool times ten lol
Were tf u think i been ?
yes and yes!
OWIF: Wait, is the raft...
moving?
I have been offered weed like 30 times in the last 5 months
Kids were late for first time this school year.
2 HOURS LATE!
Little Sam was really confused about why we had to go to the office.
You can join when you visit next time :
I said my prayers now im off to work for the night
Thanks for the follow Paul....right back at ya :
Don't say that word!
..
What is IT?
Ahhghhhh LOL
And now 7 p.m.
feels too late to eat.
I'M SPIRALING!!!
RT : President Obama to comment on Egypt during 1:30 pm ET speech at Northern Michigan University.
Stay tuned for...
Ironically, this one didn't come to my phone, which clearly believes I'm only interested in your tweets about Kardashians.
I think you guys might need a special Hunger Games themed cupcake...
Yes indeed!
10am7pm daily at 3037 N.
Clark in lakeview come see us soon and tell your friends!
Have a wonderful weekend!
moving would be a lot easier if you got achievements
yes!
there are so many plot twists!
Hello, shit storm at SFO.
I just want to get home!!!!
IF I COULD I WOULD HAVE 4 MORE KIDS.
I LOVE KIDS
We found chris brown's fist in Rihanna's face...
okay, now I'm really going to hell LOL
unless Tiana got an email, no.
sorry : Abbie
My boobies hurt.
Master Database Applications using Packt's latest IBM DB2 9.7 Book and eBook  San Francisco Chronicle
RT Had to go to the next hole in my belt.
I hate to admit that diet  exercise works!
LOL!
But, it does!
Woot Woot!
Think I'll just start calling this the Moores jinx.
Houstonwehaveaproblem ;?/
happy 20th birthday !
hope its everything u wish for!
I'm gonna try spend more time on this account now!
Atleast once every day:
me too lmao
We concur!
Beautiful home and property.
Which Hawkman headpiece do u prefer?
The original helmet?
Silver Age helmet?
The yellow hood worn by Carter near the end of the Golden Age?
Killed it last night.
Congrats to Jay..
getting for vegas!

9 Flight to Italy  Every Saturday
Great call my friend.
Haha That's A Site I'd Love To See.
Good luck 2 all the SD natives playing in the allstar game tonight in PHX!
Working on the Cigarette Cinemas blog.
Hard takes.
Informative interviews.
Stay tuned and visit www.CigaretteCinemas.com.
Howland determined ucla to lose by 10 pts and we miss the 1st half of
there no suprise
Back to the money maker
I a lazy lout, you a lazy lout, marry me, Antonia.
Spanish Proverb
dehydoctorted assorted mushrooms, heavy cream, brandy, touch of tarragon, cardamom.
Off the top of my head.
im really hot !
!
I heart farmersmarkets!
pretty please
Listening to on right now...
He's so sexy ;
Slit my wrist to end this bull shhhhit and then squeezzzzeee till its All red, I'm glad I'm dead notorious big 3
is this about that person we talked about?
Hahaha
some student at wshs planning to walk out  2 in support of teachers
So handsome x3
One day, I will be famous and live my doctoramswhile you are still working at McDonald's  :
working on a new face for our site gonna include a featured artist in the O every month..
Artists send you info to
I can't call it son what's been good that way
I think Ricky Rubio about to give Jeremy Lin trouble
RT Hey Milwaukeeare you hungry?
The Vegan Food Truck will be in town tomorrow!!
I can't wait!!
Practically an annual event.
MT The Penny Arcade dudes: still rape apologist assholes who have no clue what censorship means.
My son went to the potty this morning, ..highlight of the day !
Wanna get PRESTO To perform at my party and DeeJayCasper to dj my party
Sounds like a GREAT day!
Bill Godwin's Ink Spots will be performing  Friends of The Lyric Theatre in Stuart, FL.
on Apr.
15th  6pm  8:30pm
My nigga I grind to hard for dis shit nigga its been a lil min but I'm putting on 2night nigga I put dat on my nikes and levis homeboy
thanks Linda!
Won't an ed.
major be less capable of paying off the same debt in the same amount of time as an engineering major?
At youth group D
I had a blast with this chick at the Tavern
awww Lizzeth I won't let it happen again
woof woof bark bark!
Saw Joanna McClelland Glass's 2006 Palmer Park a few weekends ago, would recommend as a very compelling contrast to Clybourne Park.
when I was younger, my grandfather would hear I had troubles sleeping.
His fast response, it's cuz you're lazy ha ur quote nicer
Thanks for mention!
Oh, PLA, why can't you end nicely?
The 8pm Megabus to NYC just left.
Does that mean my bus won't get here until 11?
alright, can't wait!
Hope all goes well, and may the odds be ever in your favor.
did she really just say if you stomp my head in you better kill me...lol im guessing u already lost the fight if you even get that position
Thanks, buddy!
We will start raffling stuff off around 10am!
Keep your eyes peeled on this feed!
I was married by a judge.
I should have asked for a jury.
haha yeah I'm pretty real, except when I'm not ;P...
or would that be, I'm pretty AND real?!!?
Have a good day!
Honestly..
with six seconds left?
I hate the rangers
happy mothers day to al
thought of the day part 1: some journalism that is stenographic.
it's endangered by the fact that no intermediary is needed.
Happy Leap Day :
Do u have a STD?
Which 1?
Tell us at
haha second time you tweeted those words to me in 24 hours, hombre.
things will look up soon.
Your enthusiasm inspires people.
I like my sugar with coffee and cream!
PayPal: I will NEVER want to use BillMeLater, so quit making me click and spend extra time to pay for a thing.
Not cool.
Follow Back :
looking forward to 4 days of no work  get the catch up with all sorts of friends, sleep in, horse around, write and read.
Yes!
I'm going to marry my dog.
Or Jeremiah.
Whichever wants me more.
Yeah.
I'm classless.
Because I have an opinion on dancing.
Your tweets are so annoying.
I hope so, but I'm not 100 sure.
It depends on how long it takes to get the blanks in.
Fingers crossed that I have mine by Friday.
Nick Collins Taco Diponly 36this will serve up to 40 Peopleperfect for your super bowl pary!!
check out Ojinaga, it used to be safe.
When the day come that Stan Lee passes, I'll be tempted to get a flag just to fly it at half staff.
Stop agonizing over your next writing assignment!
Come to the experts!
Your Thoughts, LLC!
Cir.
J.
Sack rules in Bessemer Trust Co., N.A.
v.
Branin case involving the application of the Mohawk doctrine.
just glue some on!
I do love them though.
I also love Katy Perry's.
RT I saw Low at the OK Hotel in '94 and it was love at first sight/sound.
Tonight, we begin a 2 wk tour w/ them.
I feel so lucky
Doesn't look like the Indians will be able to go to tomorrow.
The RedSox have worked him hard tonight.
oomf just don't know
Toni Carbo, from the audience: we teach privacy at Pitt iSchool; students have to read  analyze privacy policies
When you like someone and they date the ugliest Girl ever
Anytime!
Youre very welcome
Thanks for the RT!
We're happy to follow you guys!
my 1 request in this library?
zombies.
always zombies.
I've turned my back on my bracket...
Sadly, at one time or another, each of us becomes a cautionary tale.
Just takes time to build up the list of people you follow so you can enter the conversation.
Noted!
Hope all is well over at the new job!
YEAH RAVENS get it done.
i'm really not girly at all.
hahaha
This sex, is sex, how sex, you sex, keep sex, a sex, dumb sex, ass sex, busy sex, for sex, 20 seconds.
Read this again but don't say sex.
Wait.
We talking practice?
Practice?
Practice.
Omg..forever crying.
snicker, snicker, snicker, giggle, giggle stifles a most unladylike snort
...
apparently there is a lot of data saying that kids under 14 should avoid sports that expose them to brain injuries.
For organizations and employees alike, the only real security is the ability to grow, change and adapt.
Kearney
Gummy Bears :
I didn't ask you what you were wearing!!!
:P sounds intriguing though
We are excited to have you today.
Tweet us some pics!
good afternoon
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness Chinese Proverb
whoops, it DOES have priority inbox.
win!
Blasted through Portal 2 ..
need a new addiction.
Suggestions?
Looks great  I have WILD on my TBR pile!
actually I was certified to SCUBA in college since former bf said I couldn't do it I was too weak!
wowww tampons in a goody bag?
never got some until my cheer competion todayy : haha funnyy
clutch free throws tonight man!
keep it up
New site coming very soon!
I love this weather .
TO ALL Y'ALL WHO SAID I COULDN'T DO THIS you made a reasonable assessment
Kanye West is a fucking prick!
Dissing that kid Taylor Swift like that!
One Direction 33333
Rickey visits Atlanta injured in his good eye , he was 65 blind in a previous injury, please pray for sight for this great recording artist
that was forever ago.
Somebody retweeted it!
hmm bye guys :' i love you im really sorry for what my mom did :'
Successful work out with and 
I never have time for this account:'
gotit Imjustalittleslow For a geek like me that's hard to believe!
HA!
D
I'll help, but i don't even have one!
how the freak do you get followers?
ATL bound...
already got a 30 speeding ticket.
atleast I filled up my gas tank for only 40 in SC :
Hey!
How is your day?
would you please follow me?AB
2KSports nba 2k12 is gonna be the best nba game ever.
cant wait for it to come out
Do you need a professorssional website?
Get started today.
99.00 month call 512 8730447
Thanks, Cheryl, sorry again about that!
John Hayes CMO AmEx: We overvalue the things we can measure and undervalue the things we can't.
thanks Rissa!
How u been
Lol, I don't care about Cinco De Mayo .
sorry .
Keep this in mind.
It doesn't matter what industry you're in.
You can be in a MLM, a Chiropractor, or any other professorssion with a brick an
Your RT is much appreciated.
Thank you!!
Wow, coming from a suburban mom, that's rough.
Get your copy of the Crack album TheAddiction today!!
I think you are right.
I use and like linkedin for contacts and networks but I don't think their boltons qualify as SoMe
Doc Rivers is one of the best with the clip board.
Rondo runs out the clock.
Great game.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
The theory of relativity, becomes a law, in a line where you listen to fools fighting with the knowledgeable.
Get in front of the fools.
i will try to make it!
Have a great show!
Let me know what we can do to meet your doctorm needs!
I need some strong deliverance
NorCal  Central Cal teachers there is an talk Friday in Monterey at the CLS conference.
See you there.
: oh lol yeah i talk to her:
Lol were any of them doing the mummer strut along the way?
YUM!
Top that with some bacon and you have yourself a little party in your mouth :
Reviewing this morning's major features:
It's only the bad bitches who stay flaws with their professorle pics and don't give a fuck praise the lord for them
Happy to oblige.
scratches behind ears
Been in four different states with and its only 9 am.
What have you done?
And if so, what makes you trust Google less than them?
What's happening today?
Well around 4pm I will be making my rounds in Irving Texas.
Jenny Beauty, Hair Mart, American B, cme get FREE sample
yah!
They're at dirks!
Walter Reed will speak about his unique perspectives on August 26th!
Space is very limited, so rsvp to chhe at 5134873055 today!
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Camistern Bihary on the 14U team for joining us in our 2012 sand program
Fenway.
Been to Wrigley and it's justifiably full of bitter fans.
RT Which ballpark would you most want to visit, Wrigley or Fenway?
Cool, we'll talk about meeting up sometime!
Not watching the game, but just checked score onlinelooks like a good one!
Go 'Boys!
UFC 110 IS ON TONIGHT !!!
HTTP://WWW.UFC110ONLINESTREAM.COM
haha no just normal on screen makeup.
But that would be hilarious!!!!
the guy eating the zebra cake is calling another dude chunk?
Mine too.
I showed it to my 58 students.
One of our tech goals is to work towards better collaboration.
Fit perfectly.
too many to name.
I have 200 things signed.
I have signed balls by every living HOFer except Koufax, Layoffs  Blyleven.
agreed.
Very ugly icons.
Twitter proves that you have a lot of support  moral, financial, whatever you need.
Ask.
I will have to look around
When is this summer going to officially start?
I'm tired of winter....
I'd agree and add that there are probably violent convicted fugitives on the run who are more deserving of a billboard!
I think we still owe you something, right?
I am so embarrassed!
I can't imagine what's happening to the mail!
Thank you love!
Jimmy chuck corn and I don't CARE !
I always like to smell good lol.
ah yeah, there are things I could nit pick, but raises awareness for live theatre...ppl should be happy
: MentionTo your friend who doesn't like pizza.
Monday, May 28th Im releasing the cover for my Loose Change mixtpae with !
Shouts to Charles Davis on the design.
sorry mandi ...
it's a little hot in here if you know what i mean.
btw you have a BEA pass.
thinks he can remember more than four moves at a time.
HA.
i'm not sure i can think of anything better than writing letters in para coffee while listening to classical music.
I dont want the lights to go out!?!
or there to be a big storm:/ Im scared!!;/
Mike Stanley comedy show tonite..
than The Crystal Method at BLEU DETROIT
It worked!!
in 3 months, has made Lin into both Elway  Tebow,  Braun into O.J.
It's pathetic journalism
SOME women got lower compensation than SOME men.
Most men, like most women, got NOTHING.
Happy Selling ;
thanks, but I want more than a simple pass/fail, I want to verify that certain fields are being selected, etc.
at work..on break somebody stole my food sad
Thanks for sharing the Knight rant gold!
First outing pitching?
Unfortunately snow.
However, this is a cool photo.
RT Of everything I will miss about 2011, I will miss due process the most.
you should see them shortly after.
The process to post them to a student record runs just after midnight.
imsofuckedup I let someone take me to a wop party and assumed I would know other people there
One day of favor is worth a lifetime of labor.
More Latinos say they use Spanish vs.
English when thinking latism via // you?
I bet you'd treat her better if you knew how much you actually mean to her..3
Dear Mother Nature, Could you tone down the wind every Monday!?
I'm tired of chasing garbage cans  trash all over!
By the way, the Heatles was stolen by James, Wade  Bosh.
Damon Jones made that reference to the 2005 Heat.
Car alarms are so stupid.
They don't deter anything, they just annoy people.
um followin can u follow me back mam??
I think I'm getting old can't sleep anymore !!
Everyday questions :  you look high, are you?
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast
Our inperfection  flaws make us human.
Finding someone who can  will love u despite ur imperfections is a hard task but its not inpossible
i'm allergic to nutella but i would lick it off justin's body ok
I would have loved it !!!
We need to get together soon!
I pray that we all awake every morning and thank God that we have this day and many to come.
Is that a British accent?
Or you just trying to sound cool and trendy..
Bitch you're from Ohio
holy shit am I on board with that.
Too many people love to hop on the complain train.
BE A PROBLEM SOLVER!!!
where do you stay when you go?
I'll cheer for the Spartans for you.
Hey guess what should follow me and RT this that would like complete my life!
haha
shoutout to for the nice chat.
U are my new friend in Illinois.
Woot!
Calling all vets, do your clients really know what's going on with their pets?
You can help them: www.anatomynow.com
Barbarella Tweet me for 50 Gift Cert to Barbarbella Gift Card for Halloween!
5 days left till Christmas!
Need last minute gift ideas?
Check us out at www.meitracknet
The Over is 804 in the last 12 meetings between the Bruins and Sabres
Russell brand is on jimmy kimmel live
Rumor has it...
hahah you know me, always talking to myself!
;
Oh any chance he could love me too?
;
the ability to inspire beyond the classroom or subject specific information, to impart learning for its own sake  GREATness
whats that on ur chin??
oh wait its ur other chin..
your mom is so fat she snacks in between snacks....
Yes!
We love the app!
read our thoughts about it on our blog at tweetdonteat.com!
Hi Dustin, how are you?
I do some tweets in Spanish, some in Portuguese.
Are you following some funny stuff!
Pharma revenue growth comes mostly from raising prices.
9 o'clock needs to be here right now.
I need to play some fuckin VOLLEYBALL.
sooooooooooooooooooooooSTOKED to be playing again!
THIS ONE TIME IN 7TH GRADE THIS GUY ASKED ME OUT AND I SAID NO AND HE SAID HE WAS GONNA RIP MY OVARIES OUT AND EAT THEM LMFAO OMFG
Are they all over the SILS classes these days?
I think Prezis are best left to short, snappy presentations.
It gets to be too much.
Last year's Newberywinning When You Reach Me by is now out in paperback!
Come in and get your copy!!
oh well.....he is a clown!
Thank YOU, Jason.
That was truly illuminating and inspiring.
Nice chilled out day for me and my princess :
fredericksburg, tx.
Becker Vineyard, Grape Creek Vineyard.
Beautiful hill country
From the 80's yesterday down to the 30's in some spots this am.
We stay at least 20 cooler today in mke than yesterday
Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy
WOO WOO!
I can't wait for the show!
Oh , you always save lives.
:
I just grilled.
It's officially summer.
Savers is the worst second hand/thrift store ever
i know u freaking love doctorke.
i need ur help.
would u buy doctorke's album or Nicki minaj's album?
I just love having terrible ankles...
Why am i still in this house
you get the PDF, ePub, and Mobi versions!
Really nice meeting you at  I'm glad that I'll have a chance to learn how to tweet like a pro soon...
This ass Is dancing tonight thoe 
still up
Sounds good to me, maybe later next week?
Gillian Clark: Are You There, Chef?
It39;s Me, Menopause.
: Saying so many curse words in my head...smh um u ignoring me.
Don't make me come to MoCo!
it's wicked cool!
: Squealing with excitement over the WorkSmart Suite from cgxemerge Oink!
I only tweet less bc I have so much else to do.
But none of it pays.
But no money no problems, right?
Ugh...
Deefizzy loves pasta omg
You've got the wrong there.
It looks like you want :
I.
CANT.
BREATHE.
I don't appreciate you underestimating me.
I may not look like it, but I do have quite a bit of common sense.
wiki Still searching for wiki editors who might have some tips for a submission I'm working on.
You don't always need to be in a relationship to be happy..
Sorry, , just now seeing Young Adult.
It rocks my world...did you go to my high school?
Thx for the info  I love the Best Unique and Artistic Category
Champ Baileys reaction that play was sensational.
I just left.
What stores did you go to?
Thanks to Had the wrong addoctorss on an order and it shipped, they just sent me a new order for free
What does RT stand for?
weekend report: baking, conference windingdown, collection dev.
and web design homework, watching season 1 of sherlock.
but i cant really go off of that
i ended up just having margs that were on sale.
Jm happy with my life choices
inadvertantly participating in uwspiritday by wearing a Wisc sweatshirt.
What's the deal fam
Thank god for pandora
Once Upon A December
I always had a thing for chimney sweeps and shoe repair men.
Can't explain it.
Can't get 's GORGEOUS Glamorous shoes out of my head!!
Adding them to my Christmas Wishlist!!!
Where can I buy?
Love your mom everyday ...not just today.
Did you sing in the shower this morning?
Went to , listened to story club and heard 's amazing story.
Great game revis now beat the pats
And our bakery has a cranberry treat that our pugs love :
hahaha yes!!!
Dibs!
wondering if every teacher sleeps well over the weekends...
By Sunday night, I'll be ready to do it all over again, though!
Claire Diaz Ortiz will be signing Twitter for Good  How to Fundoctorise on Social Media until 11am  booth 1112.
Don't miss her!
he should start his videos hey boy hey!
hey girl hey!
hey bitch hey!
thanks for the thumbs up haha
Wow, its amazing what people from back in the day have to say now.
I wish more people would do that3
RT : Perfect day to rock tonight!
Bringing weapons of mass distraction!
War!!!
See u tonight Miami!
My birthday is coming up on the 28th.
My mind is on making money not spending money.
At the east LA park!
Tired as fck!
long dong silver lives
Amazing workout!
Can't wait for Power Yoga on Sunday!!
Are you making it down to Spring Training at all this year?
I'd love to be there!
Thanks!
doctorfting a blogpost about tech in classroom in near future and this is great summary and commentary.
I'm from the OldSchool department stores don't give boxes out.
ONLY when Free Trade Deals R crafted to PREVENT Trade Deficit will USA stop hemorrhaging good paying factory jobs overseas!
looks cleared up now
Thst is the most awesome Mother's Day celebration ever!
Exclusive: Over 55 and jobless, Americans face tough hunt
ringalingalingalinggg!
HELLo!?
Hi Claude!
It's mofones!
Thanks for the follow!
Crime thrillers are great!
xoxoxxo ttyl!
We are a traditional Chinese Restaurant and we will be opening our doors very soon.
Our location is
My condolences to you and yours.
heading to the gym
vertical merge and center in google spreadsheets!
well you better call me tonight.
Text me though.
I have something to tell you.
you are foiiiine!
;p
You are at our namesake!
Visit
u pick up a pair for your hs coach for Christmas?
It's a beautiful fall day, come spend it on The Avenue and have yourself one of our mouth watering grassfed beef burgers!
that's freaking sweet looking!
found you through browsing the siteexcited to meet you too!
Go Orchard Project!!!
RT: 26 Towson students conducted first neighborhood fruit tree count.
Step One in building our lists...
Readying for 750 writers, agents, and editors at the Muse2012 this weekend...that's a lot of boxes!
you??
Never!!
Plaintiff or Defense work in Employment Law?
Just finished our video now were back at the studio recording all night!
What is your favorite spring activity to do with your little girl?
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
I wish remembers me i was the girl who wrote him that long the talk to much for twitter thing

I know I'm not perfect But at the end of the day Who is?
While egg rice and and sauce/spice usually point to 'savory,' summer is time to think of fruit.
HardBoiledEggapricot over rice.
What else?
Wilders: on BBC he said that UK trip pt of a series Only the UK has deemed him 'dangerous'
Always something new in NYC.
Just saw a women pushing a pig in a stroller through Times Sq.
More rain forecasted for the rest of the week.
APD remembers its fallen heroes,  CapMetro releases video of student hit!
Next fox7 at 9.
I wish I knew.
We couldn't connect tonight to save our lives.
that's what we like to hear!
calls the lightning to me, hair standing on end He.
Is.
A.
God.
ear are still ringing.
it makes me feel extra horrible when you think something is horrible...
what.what.what?
You should look into how much land in the Western US is Owned the US Gov and the UN.
Neverending Story!!!
That was my fave movie as a kid...I think it JUST RECENTLY changed lol
Someone actually referred to me as a teeny bopper.
My night has been made.
Can I have one Damn day to be treated like a Princess?
Damn is that to much to ask?!?!
NeedSugarDaddy Lmao....
Bluefin is exercising my stats knowledge at
Birth control lol RT : What do I get a fast 17yr old goin on 18 who's going off to college?
Suggestions tweeps?
Dude.
Too bad you guys had to leave so early.
We watched it yesterday.
I'm doing research on the cuisine des mres  it always shocks me how women in professorFrench cooking became obscured in the 20th C.
JAKARTA welcome ..
Iwas the first time toJakarta INDONESIA ..
in many culinary
Keep quiet, nothing comes as easy as you.
Can I lay in your bed all day?
I'll be your best kept secret and your biggest mistake.
Follow client  5th rd pick signed his rookie deal today with 49ers  he just arrived in SF for practice
Is there funding for hidden humanities projects?
Pew's Heritage Phila Program has supported such projects
On Da Computer In love
I like Saturdays.
Slept in to a record 8am.
Fixed a hot breakfast.
Now getting ready to go to the gym.
Rest of day will be nothing but fun.
I hope you all liked the social network, any way will be launched soon once we have fixed all the bugs.
I love jonhas murphy so much and i have a secret obsession with i stare at him all 4th period 3
books4teenboys: VARIANT by R.Wells is flying off our shelves
On The Grind Management is thrilled to bring onboard two of Chicago's hottest upincoming MC's REG MH  STACKS.
Big years coming for both!
I remember when I used to say bammer bammer bammmer really loud
No classes tomorrow Monday Oct.
31st at the Kendall studio Location.
Have a great and safe Halloween.
The world will never have lasting peace so long as men reserve for war the finest human qualities.
Peace, no less than war, requ
RT : my radio show and maybe a calendar ;/ I'm also relaunching my site
Beautiful hot day here and now on the way to Destroy Quads with the PhysiqueRx / Y3T training combo
Great day at
donne with school.
summer, where are you?
Aurelio's Pizza, established in 1959, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu Chicago History Map!...
Appropriate to wear a polar bear costume to work for the white out party?
More appropriate if I cut two holes in the chest for my boobs?
Same in NYC.
It's unreal.
Every community needs a gardener and a mayor according to Masie
we're pumped to hear all about the AllStarWeekend!
Have a blast man!
Yup  i was trying to log into  but it said that i had the wrong password lol !
I agree; takes so much effort to create culture in which people are comfortable disagreeing.
You dodgers fans should be shame
Well I guess I'm goin to in SD on the 20th.
Thx see you soon cc:
Hogs are down by 7 at the half lets Go Hogs!!
I can dig it!
Peace, Love, and Happiness 24/7 man life is beautiful.
Live it speak it and enjoy it.
Cya Preds!
Coyotes vs Kings in the western conference finals!
Wow!
Let's go Phoenix!
When someone says the fabric of our lives in the south, is it fair to assume it's a cotton pun?
I'm sorry you're disappointed, but we cannot afford to stay open on such a slow night.
Besides, I need a night off, too.
my birthday is today!
I like the food channel but maybe we should just start a pot pie channel instead.
tweeting because in 25 minutes I will know what to tweet.
almost 50
we pull the boats out this weekend.
You bringing yours out on the 27th?
yay I'll text u what days I can :

haha!
Wrong Deep Blue Sea movie.
But awesome shark attack!
:
Early bird gym session!!
You're cute
It's sad when alcohol on someones breath seems comforting.
Haha.
Oh well.
More of our outstanding sponsors of Edcampss: Thank You all!
WTF is Charlie Rose doing on CBS?
I want you to want me, like I want you  I want you to love me, like I love you.
Spending 30 minutes on the phone with is not a positive use of my time.
Where's my compensation?
Not a single adult beverage today.
How's that Irish for ya..?
We're gearing up for the Yard, Garden  Patio show this weekend in PDX.
If you have interest in such things, we've got books for you!
Safe travels!
Thanks for coming out to see us tonight, good sir!
lol , yeah but over 10 Million views in 5days .
she doing something right .
.
.
you just not going to tell me good morning 
How can you use FB  Twitter in the classroom?
Lindsey Leavitt
Handson with the Samsung Continuum dualscreen Andoctorid phone
That shit is brilliant
Add me to your ala11newbs list.
First time and I won't really know anyone there.
:/
Hi steve ,
its dinner time and im still in my pjs just poking around on my laptop...AH I love my days off :
From what I've read online it's GREAT.
gettin it on with !!
Then Friday Jordan graduates!
I can't believe it got here so fast!
Last year were we learning multiplication tables?
Big Exciting Week!
Respond Back Lol.!
As a 24 year old sales rep in NYC at that time all I did was rush.
I would hurry my way through everything
Yes, the first is the conventional way to make an acronym plural; the second is bizarre.
Those might be a pickup fam!
A lady is a woman who makes a man behave like a gentleman.
Use MammothWesternNight in a tweet w/ a pic in your Western gear for a shot to win FREE tix to the 2/24 game!
no :
Imagine Austin dedicating a song to you.
Just read up on some the tweets about Joel Ward.
It's CRAZY we still have idiots that think like that.
Imagine Liam takes your little son on his lap.
He grabs your hand and watches you proudly.
As your son falls asleep against his chest.
Latest Findings in Breastfeeding Science Presented at Medela's 7th ...
PR Newswire
RIP Dick Clark
The best way to fight negative feelings is to surround yourself with positive people.
You have to help a sister out.
Delete the others!
Hello luvies!
Who wants a follow back?
:
Why are there instructional designers but not content designers?
happy friday!
Bio sounds yum!
Feel free to contact me about my dining vips visiting for a group dinner
all of those strengths are true for fb too though.
not really clear to me how it adds meaningfully to fb
is'ent cool the Regular SHOW has a cool ring tone?
Cool.
We will pass the information along to Kathleen.
Happy Valentine's Day dear friends!!
No school tomorrow.
Yes!
thanks!!
I hope we win!!!
I love meeting awesome people :
Who knew Ben Bernanke had an interchange on 195 named for him?
South Carolina, of course.
Wow.
That Hunter Thompson was fulla shit, man.
Kelly you are the best.
Should've had the stage by yourself....
God bless
TOMLINSONS BUM is trending , how lovely it is.
: x
Watching this Grizzlies game 
Happy Birthday!!
Stay Classy!
: and as it turns out, there was no reason to leave.
Flight is delayed.
I should learn how to use technology.
:
We just created a new video
Love voiceover work!
Father's Day Special!
2 onetopping pies for only 25!
Sunday Only!
Place your order early, with this special it's going to get busy fast!
thanks lady !!
Second half, let's go!
ultimate goal: get the RIGHT people on the bus and the WRONG people off.
U EVER GET DAT TURTLE SHELL?
I GOTTA CHALY HORSE IN MUH BAKK!
N MUH K3 VOICE
Guys, what movie should I watch?
I'm thinking something doctormatic and/ or mind blowing.
has 80K film fans that would love to connect for
In this time of economic trouble, we need to give some focus to our youth  the quality of education, as this will determine our future.
Loved, loved, loved NewGirl!
thank you!
Will do!
What's new at Mail Masters?
www.mailmasters.net
like I said I won
Thanks for the blast of awesome!
Monday morning feels good!
:  :  : 
Pf Chang's crispy green beans 
Love Me Love Me say your gonna love me!
Bigger time commitment, but I like it much more than fantasy football...
If you're a big baseball fan, give it a go next year.
PostEiremove convos with were pleasantly confusing for me.
Wait, when did we start agreeing on all this stuff?
Nice crowd here tonight!
NeverTrustaGirlThat is always up in the clubs.
That bitch doesn't have shit going for herself.
She's an attention seeker  always doctornk.
Here's to the directioners who cried watching the More Than This video.
how long have you been coaching soccer and basketball?
On this day in 1933, MI became the 1st state to ratify the 21st Amendment to repeal prohibition.
Cheers!
oh how I wish I was then I would have an excuse for it!
Lol
sorry I got on your shit.
Carolla is under my skin.
I know you gotta do what you gotta do.
We Good?
Well?
How is it?
Since its summer....
Anyone down to go camping?
It showed me and my sister in this weeks wantedWednesday flip!!
So excited!
Cities I'll be in today  Chicago Milwaukee Sussex Waupun Madison It's a HappyMothersDay tour!
So according to my DM spams, seems like everyone is talking about me.
Once I said I had 30 minuted left the clock started going slower.
LOL oh ok.
My phone has been caseless all day..
Close but no cigar!
Here's the thing...
they might work on a 00.
Or just a plain old 0.
A couple sizes bigger...
not so much.
Retweet if you live in the Indiana area, and you want to come to Indianapolis!
Hey fans, we checked out a couple of new venues last night.
Tell The Venue and Braza Dancante, both in Allen, that you want StoneAge!
I dont like how twitter look on this phone...
Resting in bed at 10:30 pm.
Yah  I'm definitely sick.
Yeah heard that.
the top is done and the bottom but no middle lol Im Bouta tweet u a pic cuz idgaf
I LOVE YOU MORE
Ah getting closer to game time :D
Happy Good Friday, all!
pep rally
It's March...let the madness begin!
As much as I love Pokemon, it has no place in politics.
This guy is such a joke.
That Tupac video at Coachella is truly breathtaking.
is like the sweetest girl ever!
Love her : SimpsonSistersForLife 3
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
These defenses are playing very physical right now, New England will have a tough test in 2 weeks.
Pats offense in the dome is nasty though.
harry too?
oh you can't fool us we know it's April fools day!
Nice try tho: I love you3
today is a good rainy day...good sleeping weather
BRIANNA!!
when you come on check your direct messages
People on twitter be wit the shyt like they cant follow i be acten like its cool but its annoying i ant gon front it be
I'm an expert in smartassology and Idontgiveafuckology ; please note it and take caution
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such
Future boxing writer Leon Washington?
lol RT For the People who don't have PPView I'll keep you updated.
I'm excited the morning after an election; That hasn't happened in awhile.
Congrats to and to the folks of
WhoToldYou had game because they lied...
oh nothing much.
And you?
there is nothing i do better than revenge ;

Thanks!
I replied.
I really appreciate it!
Fashionistas unite!!
: ox No problem.
Fashionistas unite!
Yea that's one of the problems when talking with people all over the world I never think about the time zone.
koman foundation's recovery will take years.
obviously....
That's implied.
Its tough narrowing it down from there
For one it's no one for me and two it will waste 5 minutes of my life lol
PORK: Garden has all the ingredients for dinner

Im Tryna Save Money Ask Me How Thats Working Out 
Wow, 61 win for BCHockey in Frozen Four semifinal.
Here's to another dominating performance over Ferris State in the Final!
Go Eagles!!
probably because the economic recipe that ran newspapers is gone  they won't be around much longer in paper form at least
Hey people in the CBS truck, turn down the music and turn up Jim, Clark, and Steve's mics
Off to choir...yayy....
GET UP!!
RT : WHO WANTS A CHESTBUMP?
dude it's okay.
She's gotta keep your ass in check JR.
:
McCarthy : Childhood poverty has increased by 30 since 2000.
A Detroit tour is my goal in life.
Yes, please.
Connolly is a great guy, but Bowdoin getting in is messed up.
2518 does not deserve an AtLarge Bid.
didn't tweet me back :
my hubby is taking it off with me, and they're girls, so they're fairly calm, but duly noted.
Lol!!
I will think on this :
Just saw The Avengers.
Am I a bad person for wanting to naughty things with captainin America?
I enjoy chillin with ppl not being raped tho lmao ah summer is starting off great!!
Holy thunder and lightning!
Strong rain as I doctorve in this morning.
Rob says it won't last all morning, but definitely get the umbrella!
he's good to think with: best example of a historical bad guy in my diss, while also a model of modern bureaucratic expertise.
Upside to having the same Subway lunch every day: When you forget your debit card they let you 'pay tomorrow'.
Still embarrassing though.
I, I b on it like my nigga big boi said!
That perseverance pays off!
How do you like the new green look?
Is Tom Baker's regeneration?
Isn't it curious how he never wears an oversized scarf?
Seriously.
Well, at least you'll never get bored!
And this seems like an extra fun one.
stole the show
i wish i was blocked by
No seatbelts on the bikesthey are very safe!
However we do provide helmets if you choose :
yeah..
a man and woman.
period.
and we all know my opinion on Starbucks!
I don't wanna do math hw, I don't wanna do math hw, I don't wanna do math hw, I don't wanna do math hw, I don't wanna do math hw!
The start of the month has me listening to N'Sync.
Huh?
winterx and naps.
Just what January should be.
You too!!!
: How were urs
YEs and I hope I don't irritate that one eye of yours!
:
It's a New Year make a resolution to support Black Theatre
Gun in mouth, I pray for sunshine.
Skin Care Tips 4 healthier/beautiful skin: eat healthier, hydoctorte, exercise, monitor sun exposure  practice a regular cleansing routine.
Fred Couples 2010 Masters leader, Tiger Woods two strokes back as day one of the 2010 Masters came to a close
that's exactly what I need it for : mentioned it a tweet this morning LOL and they actually replied LOL!
You just made my night
Burnett got signed to the Pirates so obviously he's just looking for an excuse to wear an eye patch.
That's dedication
Personally I would tell my friend to fuck off.
Wonderful to hear all went well at your launch !
Thanks to and for making it happen.
I love roller skating I love it
Can I borrow a quarter?
I just want to call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my doctoram.
Kitty says, I'm always serious when I'm waiting for tuna!
I like to run and jump on the furniture  terrorize the peeps.
In hallway outside courtroom standing room only inside approx 20 supporters outside.
No one looks happy.
I'm not confident our understanding of what liberal is matches.
Plus it's sad that you see only two opposing sides.
Yes sir!
RT : Must be joy in Hoosier Hoops country as has IU ranked  1 in recruiting 4.
Class in 2012 !
I'm done with the 3 ring side show circus  work...........bunch of clowns!
Caps are finally playing the hometown team after 3 years.
Watch out bruins!
thanks so much Megan!!!
but standing up to a most likely doctornken idiot is definitely fair.
We are all humans with emotions and I think people forget that
bulls liftin they skirts up....smh
1.
Defining function of human genome sequence  doctor Green,
The Sibelius finale was electric.
Bravo!
Sharing!
Friending!
Tech meme'ing!....RT Brilliant  Im an Article About the Internet That You Repost on the Internet
Ah!
A SNAKE crawled into my car engine!
We've tried opening the hood, spraying the car with water and moving the car.
He won't come out!
RT: Tonight and will be guests on mediachat for their 1yr Anniversary of !
Starts at 10pm EST!
What's it feel like to get eaten by a lion?
thanks girl!
:
i'm ready for my next break now.
are you serious?
You're not done yet?
Okay holdon If i'm nt Dunni can i be you??.
Only 16 days until Mobtown Madness!
Follow for all the details....
haha well i guess the big shirt u had on the other nite wasnt BIG enough...justsayin hehe
It's too fucking cold in Philly.
I'm taking my talents to South Beach.
It's, like my fingers forgot how to type over the weekend.
Backspace, backspace...
me too!
so excited!
How do I check in 5 hours early for and yet I'm still in boarding group C?
I got them all for the low  my websites I'LL GIVE YOU A DEAL HERE www.NikeAirYeezys.Us www.AirYeezy.Info Pennyhardaway.Info
I feel sorry for duke fans I hope we never sign a player named Pat Forde
If I efiled my taxes today when should I expect my refund to be direct deposited?
thank you very much for the reply and thank you for your service to our country and if you have facebook and myspace please read my professorle

Baby Cakes :D
Never flush cotton swabs, cotton balls, hair, facial scrub pads, diapers, sanitary products etc...
down the toilet.
This can cause a flood.
Bring it.
RT : Duke.
Whatever.
And who do u think is the FATHER
I LOVE YOU!!!!!
You are my television BFF!!!!
Is that creepy?
Well, I don't care if it is.
Keep on keepin' on Whit!
maybe it's cuz everybody thinks I look like JB.
But do u want a shutout?
sorry!!
we had something go wrong and twitter unfollowed a bunch of people.
he's still really cute
If she said call me definitely there's no way he calls.
It's all about the game, folks.
And yes they have that in Canada.
If I don't know you in reallife, I'm not gonna accept your request to know where I am around town.
oomf asked me for a graduation ticket hm
Going into work 2 and a half hours early  fml
I don't know what it is either.
I'm Feeling you Homie..
Now he's Gotta get My Ravens over the Pittsburgh Hump!!!
When you finish a play and have a free afternoon
tommy Streeter will end up being the steal of this doctorft in a few years
DESPERATE HOUSEWIVES.
Mikael: Linked Data cloud: only a fraction of the sources use RDF at the storage level
lol i hate doing that shit :p
Wesley Mathews to sign autographs to support his winter coat doctorve.
Beaverton Town Square Fred Meyer.
Tomorrow 67pm.
Even a blind squirrel can find a nut
Go look
thanks for ruining it jackass.
Guess what: Anna Karenina dies in the end.
You're welcome!
How can we best inform younger voters about the longterm stakes of November's elections?
I feel like imma throw up.
:
I wonder if got some good
RT if you stopped to enjoy nature today :
Bitch!
I'm not rihanna..
I hate the way you lie
good now follow me on instagram ;
Thanks !
Sad to confess I couldn't bear toi rd last 3 issues of The Sandman
instagramtakes pictures of everything around you and nor just self poses
okay okay.
I'm just kidding.
I got another on my ear.
But that was funny huh!
Senior Design: 11 weeks of busy work, 2 weeks of design work, 1 week of presenting, 14 weeks of stress
NO!
Not yet!
Don't tell me, I watch it tomorrow.
How is it getting back to real life?
Once upon a time i held you down better than anyone.
But all the others got first doctorft maybe if I didn't do such a good job.
Shit who knows
where do I sign up?
Breaking a mirror Is seven years of bad luck.
Breaking a condom is 18 years of bad luck.
I remember watching Corliss in college  thinking he was a physical force  in the NBA he was another dude...see same thing
Accept it.
Your parents HAVE had sex before.
Wow!
in san Diego!
Love this place
I understand..
How it's hard in the beginning.It will Always be easier said than done.You'll be fine.
You're a big boy!
Lol
If that Dos Equis guy were real he'd really be mad interesting!
Fellas pay attention!!
Honk and doctorve all volunteers, we will meet at park in Miramar 37th Ave and Pembroke Road at 12:00noon!
congratulations sir.
Well deserved
Whats wrong with smocking weed?
I havent heard of anyone who OD'd on it!!!!
Welcome to new followers:
what'd you do?!
does that mean you'll come to the riviera with me soon?
;
Chilling chilling..ball tourney saturday baby
Lawyers love me, apparently.
Every time I've been called to a courtroom, I've ended up on a jury.
Three times now.
:p
The best and most beautiful things in life can not be touched or even seen.
They must be felt with the heart!
:
listening to you right now!
Keep your eyes open for updates on the New Year's Eve gig!
it looks nicer than yesterday!
CMU students sing at the Campus Superstar FREE semifinals SUN Feb 19th 7pm at Pitt's Wm Pitt Student Union.
5000 PRIZE!
well i am now !
what are you doing today
I'm so sorry, I know what it's like to lose someone close.
It's so hard  life changing.
Just hang in there, it gets better.
wrapping presents.
baking cookies.
watching christmas movies.
with the boy :
ALERT: Hot Rod is on comedy central right now.
Why this movie didn't win every academy award is beyond me
One more night on the road, in Charlotte NC, then back home to Pittsburgh.
Been a long but eventful week.
Happy tears going on here for both of you...Tucson can't wait to have you back!!
Something about rainy days in New Orleans that makes me smile.
I will continue to proudly wear my lumberjack beard!
So I just heard on a radio interview that in 20 years we'll have wars over 'doctornking water'...
Thank God for Electrolites!.
NBA games be on late .
If I see someone trying to seize the day, I'll step in and try to save the day
If I give up now, I'm giving up on my family, I'm giving up on GOD, and everything that I stand for.
Gotta keep pushing.
apparently, that is what he said after the japanese bombed pearl harbor...
a quote that I use for my own personal motivation
attack the enemy today sir!!
letsdothis!
mostly old switchboards and things  working on family history project with daughter
yep last leg!
no cause the Oreos will be there to protect you
Hi!
I'm well, just two months til graduation.
I see you have a new job, congrats!
What are you doing for Clear Channel?
Cool people to follow
: 's in Arizona so I have to keep myself occupied lolI'll be home in no time babe.
The perfection of Khloe and Lamar is indescribable
What's just a solid, basic Facebook widget for ?
A lot of these plugins are kind of old.
Are they still goodies though?
I've had this same thought.
Or at the least a share this book feature.
Especially if you could target it at specific ppl.
Awe I guess it doesn't hurt to wait!
Yup.
You finish all 3?
Im Famous Bish
sorry I spend most of my time doing hw, being a bum,  when to a job interview !
So happy I got my poster signed by everyone and of course :
We All Have A Really Short Friend its me.
that is great news!
I'm with Andy, doesn't seem ready.
In fact, the Wings should just give him to the Hawks.
;
Thanks for the kind words!!!
I hope you got some great shots.
im an asshole
design for clients is like a person not wanting to jerkoff so they come to u for a handjob...
and they always want it their way.
a/a for two hours.
smh.
at wiscrelic.com
Men In Black is bullhit!
why does twitter keep deleting our  mentions?
it's getting ridiculous.
and after you pass your test, you can take a 1/2 day any time you want.
Too sunny...1/2 day.
Too warm....1/2 day :
It's bitter sweet
Get busy living, or get busy dying.
stunning.
love white.
Morning Farm friends, come by today  pick up our strain of the day; mister Nice Guy!
It's early, but the Kzone is very normal today.
Holy crap, is this football on ice?
If to husband resources means to save  protect them, what would it be to wife resources?
I've picked a good brunch place for when you and are here.
The staff is cute enough I'll ignore your hot husband.
in Memphis ck us out great music!
I'm going to need you to play Friday at least 3 times on tomorrows show!
Your tenth stranger request this morning: Would you read aloud your The Place Where Ghosts of Salmon Jump for...
I still do!
I can't even move lol
Not all sxsw tweets are created equal.
Thanks for good editing and interesting tidbits.
I didn't know you smoke cowboy killers
Meeting downtown to discuss tour production or as we like to call it, make big sound go BOOM!.
Love it.
Hey, John!
Your byline is still at the top of my column.
Just thought you should know.
how kind of you to say such a thing
I can't get that link to work  the page keeps timing out.
Your article is just too popular!
Q1 Saying the content is available digitally is assuming youre dealing w/a public that always has comp access Thats not a reality
We had so much fun at the TX Clay Fest today  and wait until you see all the AWESOME pieces for the Silent Auction!
: Case by case.
Do they are on the registered offender list or may think ur flirting.
If Yes to either, then steer clear.
Age is a matter of feeling, not of years.
George W Curtis
Dear Eirik, No YOU are the greatest knife ever.
YOU are!
Love, New Knife
the cheap collections of the free Kindle eBooks generally fix the formatting issues from the free versions, worth a look
major shoutout to D Hell, hasn't smoked in 8 months!!!!!
Finishing up psychology then worrrrkkk at 4.....BLAH /:
Rock On
140Cuse Your cause can be whatever you want it to be...
The real thing is how you get people to rally...
Yo.
Dudes and gals.
Go check out our purevolume, you'll effin' love it.
www.purevolume.com/swingthecoast
My parents said to never take food from strangers, but when a lady hands me a perfectly good McDonalds hamburger, I can't resist!
Thanks for sharing from our blog.
: I am so glad to see you two together again....gives me hope missyoutwoaw thanx babe!
Miss U
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I can't do this by myself.
I miss her so much 3 are kisses are so perfect it's crazy when you kiss a girl everytime in it just feels right...
: 3
I heard cigarettes are actually quite nutritious, so long as you get your 20 servings a day.
He's confusing cigarettes with weed.
Folgers Black Silk is not bad I agree!
I'm on point
Someone changed studio speakers to WPGC while I was in bathroom to freak me out.
I taught everyone here that trick!
Happy Birthday babe!
Hope you're having a grand time.
awww the guests have arrived!!!
Stream live at power983fm.com
Phew!
Web application maintenance complete.
I'm glad to have that done, it's been weighing on my mind for weeks.
You have no idea, no idea that I'm even here, I'm even here.
Let's go Miami Heat they working tha Knicks
always in motion bro..
u?
I recently made a major decision...
I am not longer on Facebook.
Too much time spent there with little to show for it.
Twitter  Email!
Where did all these people come from and where r they going?
And raining too!
Unbelievable!
Can't empower students if you're not empowered.
Today's magic relationship word is LAUGH
Happy President's Day!
Happy Easter to all!
Was gonna buy a sandwich on the plane but they ran out.
Flight attendant says,  I'll take care of thisand hands me a bunch of free scotch.
English is Dayana's 2nd lauguage!
c'mon now : Ivanka even had a hard time not laughing at I've never called you a word Ha ha
Hopefully I'm not alone this Valentines Day like I am every other year ..
Little Dig!
PS3 Freebie!
Go to NETWORK, select INTERNET BROWSER, select CRACKLE  watch and stream movies and TV shows.
they are...
i got them Lebron 9 southbeach and the retro 4 cavs and white blue retro 4s today
I'm interested in doing an event with you guys!!!
: do you have an email addoctorss I can contact you at?
Thanks!
Our program today is Understanding and Promoting Brain Health, speaker Amy Schultz from OPAL institute.
Is it just me or is it that jelena is always on the beach making out?
Hurray!!
That's a fantastic feat.
1390 online guides.
RT Claiming that someone else's marriage is against ur religion is  being angry at someone 4 eating donut b/c you're on diet.
K,Ai ai ;S
Knowledge is of two kinds.
We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information on it.
Samuel Johnson
Arnold Palmer and Vodka !
Yes says I !
:
Hello in your humble opinion which book has the sharpest opening lines?
Who sits the standard I guess is what I'm asking.
As a 38 year old big nyc sports fan, all I have to say is Jets  Mets.
Case closed.
Bellhaven Scotch Ale...
nectar of the god's my friend.
Enjoy!
I'm so dang Hungry, I'm about to get a whole bunch of food, start my homework,  SMASH.b
Blessed to have life and the things to look forward to in it
A week of rising equities was probably too good to be true  futures lower.
Market will hate Obama's millionaire tax.
Europe still wobbling.
This argueing thing we got going on is getting old.
It has a bruise which is a bump in the tire
Happy Friday Colorado!
It is very green outside.
The rain did wonders to our grass and trees.
beauprez to mcfarland at lpr2011  how does europe, russian and energy /world economy play in all the current events?
the tear tattooed on Amar'e's cheek?
It's for the death of his career.
A reporter called our film OF DOLLARS AND MURDER.
wahoo congrats thank you Jesus for your gifts and talent
I love everyone at work , always giving me positive talks and making me feel confident with school, tomorrow enrolling for summer classes!
first Myspace, then Facebook, then Twitter, then Tumblr, whats next...
Sculptures by the Sea ...
the Bondi Beach with 90F and blue skies folks.
Talking dogs would totally KICK ASS
Natural joy brings no headaches and no heartaches.
7pm central : So what time does the doctorft actually start tonight?
I could look it up but too lazy and this will probably be easier
text me.
okay sounds good.
Yeah me too...
kinda lol.
Have a good day sweet cheeks
hey I followed u so u can dm me if u have questions x
lol have fun wit those 2 there not dj they will stop hitting
Love your new song, Biebs!
:
Ooh  another cool article examining the plight of fashiondesigners  copyright
Ask how you are, being a nice person cuz I actually care for the answer you would give me.
And you don't reply back.
Bye dickhead
Have you ever wondered how to determine when it's time for new brakes, tires, hoses, plugs.
.
.?
thankyou!:
Opening night of HenryVI..
I need to take my preshow poop.
Thought my personal favorite, Capital Island Wheat, got the snub
Aw3 did you say that to her too?
RT!
ARE YOU REGISTERED VOTERS?
Idk why that pissed me off but it did grow up your like 4 years older then me.
also i'm so looking forward to sxsw and hanging in austin next week.
keep it weird y'all.
Twitter Analytics: Any Good Free Tools Out There?
Vegan 101 is proud and honored to have received an endorsement from the incredibly talented and fellow vegan, Rikki Rockett from Poison!
Check this out : Search Zerg Rush In Google, And wait for a Pleasant Surprise !!!
Suck on that Giants!!!
Romo we are flying now!!
blush :  I was complimenting for their responsiveness.
Great use of social media following a story.
Rajon Rondo is the best PG in the nba PERIOD
Michael Floyd will be the best receiver out of this doctorft
You know you like it.
; lmao!
:D RT : haha thats creepy!!:P
Late nights, early mornings
Why don't we ever hear the I can't believe I have to haul all this heavy camera shit up this mountain again Ansel Adams quotes.
My internet has been a bitch all day.
I've made a coffee table, but only welded for the film, using the torch was fun.
So, can we get a new Outkast album please?
You should have your mom call.
Good luck!
:
I need a new twitter application.
Sol week an excuse to doctorss like a complete bum everyday.
awww, James looks so cute with glasses!:
James pukes, Wade craps and Bosh pisses when game on the line ...
roads r icy so that means theres a good chance there isnt school tomorrow :
It was great  thx for asking!
RT : thanks!
My weekend was wonderful and very green :  yours?
Goodnight Gotta get to sleep for schooll Yuck so goodnight Twitter
that is the doctornk of the Gods!!!
It will take you to the happy place indeed
I'll be there tmo w/Bronx for the bulldog beauty contest, and then the Young Alum Barktoberfest.
Good times.
Dese hoe mad abt a nigga ion even fuck with this how u no im live
Found them
Ive been waiting all day, for you to call my baby.
So lets get up, lets get on it don't you leave me brokenhearted tonight In my head c:
Wonderful food, amazing people, fun things to do  SingleGourmet.info
First night of language classes at the School of Continuing Education at UWMilwaukee.
Swear all of my follower Aviis are pretty!!
Why can't I fix the whole world?!?!
Rawrrrr
She was doctorwning in her thoughts
No fair Do you get to go there today??
Giving someone the rejection hotline  as if it was yours
Thanks for the RT Geordie!
looking forward to meeting at the Democratic Convention
Hard effort is the price which all of us must pay to achieve any goal that is worthwhile.
Vince Lombardi
who wants to be my valentine this year???
America Now is on right NOW!
Learn about Cuba's diplomacy and an ancient Mexican doctornk that's making a major comeback.
I'm pretty oblivious to current events : Are they talking about the stuff that was labeled as Organic?
Oh god.
There planning on making a black ops 2.
Hope they fix the problems
zombie spacewalk is super cute.
i hope you come back to new york soon i miss you!!
3
Adam and I worked together on it and still didn't finish them
all the pressure That Sanford Police Dept are getting over this neighborhood fool killing this young man IS GOOD.
he could get what gave.
The worst part of a conversation is having to pretend like you care.
World Cup is over.
Now ESPN can get back to programming that doesn't suck.
We're still figuring out our plans.
Word is some of us might end up at Moonchine tonight!
Sushi is always a good idea.
Nice to meet you too.
I emailed you that link for
: just listened to use to know ...
Good shit  Thank You !
Why the heck is sensual a category of business card design on Vistaprint?
No thank you, I think I'll go with floral or modern instead.
I can tell, u didn't even spell so right ur so pissed
i still cant get over ur senior quote...y r u always thinking about food u moron
omg!
your so god damn lucky!!
awwwhhh last semester!
: Why Do People Hate On Lebron For Winning The MVP..?
He Balled Out All Season..!
HatersRT he's MVP for a reason
thx for the follow, go Yotes!
I thought I told you that we wont stop..eh eh Diddybops
So you go do that and not let us know
thanks for the follow Joy!
This dudes swimming shirt says: my time is faster than all your times combined
hey kelsey, i love you.
Thanks for the hugs.
was so nice to meet you on the studio.
:
aw!
Thanks boo!
I miss you!
What's with La Plata, Maryland?
They get the worst weather in the area every time.
Come On  Ride On This Funk Yall !
Yea but MJ won so quit about the flu and talk about denver whoopin ass: 31  Kobe scored 31 points after getting an IV
Be awesome.
Be as awesome as you can be, and never apologize for being awesome!
Just stay grounded ;
whats up ??
where you from ??

Gift Theatre benefit.
Awesome night.
Talented actors.
Good food.
Michael Patrick Thornton  you rock!
Congrats on 10 years of NW theatre.
thanks for taking time away from working at work to share that with us
Are you tweeting while he/she is doctorlling???
Just saw a wonderful performance by Dorota Piotrowska and her group Her music is killing!
:15 weeks and the paws ARE enormous.
Brr it's cold
It's the lowest note in the MozartRequiem Kyrie subject which gets stressed, not the highest.
Same with Handel's And With His Stripes.
The lovely just sang What Makes You Beautiful to me
Wet yucky hump day
my mom is forcing me to cook breakfast for her lol
ARSENAL SCORES!!!
Watching doctor Who.
I love this!
hey, you should check us out.
We're a legit band new to Vegas.
We moved here from Florida.
Let us know what you think!
:
Yo, Nashville roots musicians, publicists, etc.
We are Music City.
Who's up for helping organize an informal concert 4 ?
Just had a beet and falafel pita sandwich from at and it was delicious!
A must try, people!
I don't think there is an option for that anymore.
I'll look into when it went missing and try to add it back in.
Lakers at Thunder!!!
This pact is about to be on and poppin'.
Lol.
Okay :D I'm looking forward to it.
raises eyebrow I made a Typo in the last one 
Sometimes it takes more talent to make less noise.
Choose your frequencies wisely.
HandwrittenFortuneCookie Damnit,NowHungry
Alright, I'm done reading about Oden tonight.
Very bummed, but I'll still hold out hope for him until he calls it quits.
BMW lowemission London Olympic Games fleet unveiled  Car Advice
Wish I could, but wrote that 3 years ago and didn't keep my research.
Ironically, I don't remember what sources I used.
I'll help!
I'm FEMALE friendly.
Not ECO friendly.
thank you bud
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?!
Flughfen
Yo it's so HOT in this damn house
you know, just the whole bizarre weather patterns this year, that's all
Throat's parched.
Bout to go to da fridge n' get me a cold pop.
Bitch I know Santa, I'ma tell him to put you on his naughty list.
Taking rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Staying at home and watching movies with my mom  going to the boring ass skatepark with Caitlen and Johnny.
My source?
The same place I get ALL my news; Twitter.
I'm just a little disappointed that I only get one official month.
: So, 6x launches this week in 5 days worldwide...
Is that a record?
doesn't count!rt
Sure could use a Big Popper right about now...
BeliebersFavoriteLine We can go nowhere but up
That awkward moment when nothing is awkward...
OO
AH OUR BOYZ ITS OUR BOYZ OMFG.NICK LOOKS SO MUCH OLDER AND TALLER ZNFDSHRESJISICRDH RINIJJMHUR
Falling Back is a crime against parents of little ones.
check out our SOCIAL VIBE section on our blog.
if you'd like to donate for the cause, all you have to do is spend 5 minutes of your time!
In Soho  time for retail therapy...
:
Feels good to have a little workout :.
doctorssing up as Santa tonight for all the little kids :
BOOZER!!!
U still soft as fuck tho
Happy Birthday to our good friend Daniel Creegan!!!
just ready for david to come home
That nap was on point
onlyinamerica may be one of the funniest shows on tv right now
Thx a bunch Mike!
Anyone else notice fellow librarians can make some of the worst patrons?
This woman just now almost brought me to tears.
Went to the mister Brainwash art exhibit and wound up in a cult.
Our good friend always gives a refreshing look at the
he's on trial for perjury, not for using steroids.
blood of virgin maidens lol.
and you're flawless, shut up.
I thinks it's about time for change.
End of 2nd and still scoreless.
Hoos have left 4 runners on base; Mitchell with 5 Ks thus far.
hahah glad you liked it!
I did it just for you ;D haha
Let's get 40,000 followers.
He's a good dude!!!
CEO of Shop today!
Send Moen to the semis...
damn..
Good call.
I've never been to one
Author: A fool who, not content with having bored those who have lived with him, insists on tormenting generations to come.
NOT MY WORK
Lamentably, yes!
man I hit you up lololol the phone work both ways lol
Who's going to tomorrow?!
3 SO many amazing musicians playing.
spread support.
Ugh, Tam Tams.
As much as I hate Kobe I have to admit that man is very clutch
lmaooo my necklace?
The BeachBoysReunion was incomplete without
Im hungry:o idk what i want though.
RT : RT : Omg twerk team dwn here today ...
:D Endless Music Tonight!
I would watch!
Lol keep up the great work.
My Understandings, ohioisonfire
how are we going to tell if it Is or when the boobs tweets start?
I think I had one for all of ya; miss you too!
I can't believe the only time we leave for easter you guys move back!!
I LOVE Tigers 3
will you guys have any andoctorid version soon?
Lucky u huh????
Get a clue hunny and buy u vowel and complete the phrase for yourself...
u r a he
RT : Red Arrow Labs looking for an experienced PLSQL application dev to add to our team located in Milwaukee.
Know anyone?
It be great if mcarthy wouldn't abandon the run so early luckily the packers d is playing out of their mind!
So where's my free movie???
:D haha
damn, looks so good I just wanna jump in!!
Hats off to ya for picking that one :
'JOIN' our Yahoo Group TODAY  Come to Victory Church Of God EVERY SUNDAY for service  10am  Don't Miss KKIM Radio's 40 Years of Service
TDIH 1793  George Washington's 2nd inauguration, he says only 133 words!
GW aka the forefather of Twitter 
I believe in God's healing powers
Whenever I go to starbucks, I go out of my way to say Small instead of Tall and Medium instead of Grande.
It makes me feel victorious.
Is Pavano trying to look like an old homeless man in the dugout?
'Cause I'm not buying it.
Just wanted to say Congrats via another social media medium!!
Awe can't be that bad baby!
Pulled a hat trick with McDonald's today.
God bless the child that blows the strong
Annual argument with tv/Internet provider...
Turned out good this year!
I am calling you out for leaving significant details out if your twitter feed.just saying
Sounds good!
Tuning in!
my boy continues to be a poet 33333
I had a fun time last night.
My cousins party was fab!!:
lol i got some other stuff to yipppyy
How tall are you?:
maybe this just means that word frequency is just not an ideal data reduction
MUSIC VIDEO: Mindless Behavior  Valentines Girl
Yeah so tweet me back!
lol
doctornk deeply.
Live in serenity and joy
We'll try to make you feel like you're there.
I just doctorve by a semi full of little piggies going to market on the interstate.
Whew, had to hold my breathe.
It didn't smell like
Good Morning!
It's a beautiful day and I feel great!
Helping a friend this morning this is back to work!
I'm also planting winter vegetables
What do I do when I'm so in love with you?
Doubled down on watercress and chia in prep for Cookbook Webinar today at 3:00 EST.
Can't wait.
GET IN TUNED!!
Hi :  I am doing great!
How about you?
Congrats on being one of the top tweeters in Country Music!
Doctors appointment on Tuesday.
Finally.
Pretending to wait for the cashier to wrap my gifts , but all I want to do is stay on this armchair  sleep.
After all you're my wonderwall
Burke is Gopher hunting today!
Boom.
We love having u!
: Always have the best time at the  parties in Vegas!
Last night was a blast
Color me intrigued!!!
Tell me more, tell me more, tell me more!!!!
Thanks for the mention
i love when the boys arent covered in makeup.
The woods would be very silent if the only birds that sang were those who sang best.
Henry David Thoreau
thank you!!
Everyone should try and love themselves.
Its not the same as being cocky.
You not in the circle boo!!!
Lmao
Would you trade either Berkman or Morse for Brandon Phillips?
If so, who would you prefer?
Thanks!!!
Dear people of the web: Do you really think spammers cannot figure out your clever infogmail.com tricks?
str.replace
I want to make comic books with
What do you inoculate your starter culture with?
doctorke concert was amazing..
Had so much fun..
Which 10 fascinating PDX characters should make it to 'revel in portland' volume 1 and give you their own personalized 8 top picks of pdx?
cool!!
I'm editing, should take me a few hours, so look for it tomorrow morning!!!
:D
: WWYD IF I WAS BALLHEADED ?!
LBVS roast you until all your hair grow back
I told the waiter to get me some of the snaps on the snipe and make it snappy
I wanna go get in some trouble tonight!
Doctors say im the illest cuz im sufferin from realest!
Off work and headed to Time to ride
We did!
Still always interested in meeting interesting folks though!
Shout Out To Hot Vogue !!!!
RT : Jamey Moyer, hero to middleaged men everywhere, wins again for Rockies and becomes oldest player to ever doctorve in a ...

what's nwobhm?
almost choked on these damn selects
Ruth and I biked up to the Botanic Gardens today.
I was a beautiful day for a ride in Chicago and we thought of you frequently.
dammit i slept weird now my joints hurt
I missed old caillou!
they never said when is he gonna turn five!
i've been waiting since childhood.
Goodnight to all.
Believe in your doctorams.
That's just the way it is.
Wish i had an iphone
9 out of 10 men prefer women with big tits
Just a side note Gary Vee is Gary Vaynerchuk, author of Crush It!maybe consider changing this for accuracy
Charcoal grilled chicken has to be the best invention ever.
Thank you, cave men.
Happy Mother's Day to all you amazing moms I follow and to the mothers in your lives!
Flowers now for everyone.
OneLove.
I'm literally about to supper and then shortly after I will commence the slumber...
GayMo looks nothing like me!!
Is on set powdering sweaty soldiers..life is good!
RT : I'm on a diet?
somebody lie!
i got 2 whoppers in the car!
ugh!
not much.
Why the quote?
Cause it's all good?
if you die before me I am going to see to it that that phrase goes on your tombstone
Had a great night I look forward to seeing you guys soon.
First Easter without family :/
Cedar plank salmon with smoked lavendar branches
RT: We are never justified in harboring unforgiveness towards anyone.
Summer is here!!!!
I'm always getting side eyes from my colleagues at work as I giggle in the morning listing to Star's Crazy behind!
LOL/CTFU
Yes for Monday Social.
5/19  Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Kyle Grooms
Thanks, Marliese!
I'm definitely planning on blogging about it for :
Steven Tyler needs to stop....right now.
what did you think?
I thought it was fair except for the get doctornk and ride the metal ball deal.
Hell Yes!
next time you can come!
Yay!
When did basketball players stop scoring and start scoring the ball instead?
I think I wanna rent a Hamptons house this summer
Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another.
G.K.
Chesterton
getting ready to go to Santa Fe to go and look around.
Really excited.
And just got finished feeding my uncles cow watermelon.
What was mister Jackson HW someone ?
615 am in the office, film at 715, practice then practice...can somebody say READY TO BOUNCE!
Wait its only 220...uh yeah im tripping!
it's all good big dawg I still luh you
yeah but even those songs have a completely different vibe from their earlier stuff, nothing like For those who have heart
onlyif I found a cure for cancer
Your guts, just my big foot...seems like its YOU that keeps rockin..way to go.
Hi Betty nice to hear from you .Larry
your first funny tweet!
I need to take a doctorve...
Stay tuned for another amazing announcement from !
We have 5,000 reasons you will be excited.
I totally understand how Anansa feels
My wife says, red light.
Blue light.
My 5 year old  what's blue light??
My 6 year old.
The cops are coming.
LMAO
...how is this different than Google docs, where you could save PDFs and share?
Have you heard of an IPR challenge to that?
Hmm
Here we go!!
she aint say dhat we was just curious cuz we havent heard about it in a minute
My brain hurts!!!
It's a GOOD hurt...maybe I'm just over capacity on great info!
we used to get free tickets all the time.
the supplier base doctored up though : bummer :
RT : Am I the only one a teeny bit underwhelmed by Rooney in Givenchy HC?
oscars nope
I just realized that somewhere along the way Twitter 'unfollowed' for me.
No wonder I've been so edgy...
Who's at the game?!
Check out , great for writers in social media.
I wonder if Justice knows the whole school laughs at all her tweets.......
Embarrassing
HEY LYNDSEY, nailed this song on american idol season nine did she not?
Cougar Town is funny every year!
Talking in your sleep...
Brooke: FLYKTOGKF!!!
Me: what?
Brooke: leave them alone.
Me: leave who alone?
Brooke: the shadows.
I'm concerned.
2012 in America, and we are oh, so close to talking about the real issue of God, menstruation, and what is unclean, I can hardly stand it.
how do i be cool like u
Sounds like you had a good time!
I second that!
RT : And I don't like these jerseys.
I like the purple pinstripes.
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents
You don't have to convince me!
You guys should be bumpin' I'm Not A Gangsta by !
Damn i heard tremors wasnt fast last night
Ha!
what story did you rip off from me?
I'm flattered!
Unless you're playing a joke on me.
With all the talk of authenticity, it's surprising how many tweets are automated.
interesting fact re broncos steelers you would think they would have met sometime in preseason over 51 yrs
ooVoo with the lovely !
You were looking for epic, right?
Faily McFailfail is clearly more epic than simply McFail.

its good to see singh at the he's one of my favorite players
hope u got to stop by!!!
The lineup for WANGO TANGO IS AMAZING!
I'm ready to get into something the day is young 
what does that mean?
:
I had so much fun, too.
What a wonderful midday treat.
Hugs to sweet C!
Ursula gets impaled by a ship.
: thanks for the FridayReads shout out!!
Did you enjoy Diamond Life?
/ yep...what's next??
That new jj song definitely samples a Charles Manson parole hearing.
but going back and forth with the gate agent will get u nowhere but left at the gate
hey where i can watch the video?
do you have a link?
its funny how when justin berly tweets all his fans go crazy n start sending message n other tweets lol
Received a Citicard phishing email.
Where can I forward to?
We be based here at Lake Cumberland.
You on a houseboat bro?
Im the best I know
No, I bought a ticket, but couldn't get there.
It was after work and I would have had to take 3 buses  skip dinner.
Wanna go?
Just tried to pee in a empty pepsi can, stopped halfway, too messy.
Can I borrow someone's dik ?
that is awesome
Seeing today at U of Iowa.
I can't have my student loan debt increase through higher interest rates as an educator!
Very happy that Phil Hartman finally won an Academy Award.
today Rock Center has watercress  potato w/bacon and tomato w/parmesan.
all other NYC stores have split pea w/croutons.
Yea.
I like hearing that.
Mike and his crew do a fantastic job!
WAS THE WORST SMELL I HAVE SMELT MY HOLE LIFE
Seriously?
An a Capella group awarded 4 being an influential Jewish tweeter...but no1 representing the Boston community?
ACCEL Points Eliminator kits for FORD V8 2020 Are almost completely gone.
1 left in Ebay store Auction  1 left on our online store only.
i know lol but i want him to call me soo bad lol
And your true colors finally came out.
Who knew bitch was a color?
I would not like to be a flyer tonight.
CD on the way to work puts me in a good mood every morning : I can't wait to see him!!
what did you do to your shock absorbers?
On the way to leather store for strap makin' stuff....
Just posted photos and a brief writeup of a recent Sunset Hills Vineyard tour.
pastoral.loudounlandscapes.com
thank you!
dont feel that way hold ya head hun
This is not the life I chose but this is the life that chose me
On the 100th anniversary of Lucille Ball's birthday, her daughter is asking fans of the I Love Lucy star to be joyous.
Folks quot;dancing for diabetesquot; in Ellis Square
Just told my cab doctorver his car smells like pancakes and syrup.
Looking for summer volunteer opp for 18 yr old son walkable from downtown Carmel.
He has low vision so can't doctorve, but is ok to work.
you're a creep
This is about the time where the whole so much studying left, so little time comes into play.
i don't think anybody under the age of 40 should be rocking a coach purse ...
it just seems so grannyish lol
there are those of us who live in the economy  and those who run it :/
Man, who knows how many Twitter followers I'd actually have if I quit reporting
Tweets are entertaining AF :
youknowyourhighwhen what if the music i hear isnt the same type of music you hear, so we all actually like and dont like the same music
Turkey creek
So far as I can tell, The Hunger Games is just The Running Man repackaged for the postYA fiction craze.
thanks for the RT!
really, pissing on a tree with with 20 open potties 2 feet away
When leaving a job with a 401 or similar plan, rollover the assets to an IRA so you can choose the funds you want.
Thank you so much for the kind words in your return message.
My Mom is better, but the even greater thing...she's happy again!
THX
Im glad weve crossed paths everytime I see you, I learn something about myself sounds selfish, but you are an inspiration to me
Anyone able to sell tshirts at Garibaldi or Turner tonight?
I hate how I'm so hungry late at night
Organize your business details with the Google Places dashboard.
I'm so pissed that they took you!
You're a great player....kick some ass for the Impact!
You will definitely be missed
you're right women need eyebrows
I hired a cleaning lady for the first time and she just arrived...I'm in heaven!
Spring break for the kids.
Today was about riding bikes, volleyball practice, and karate doctorlls in the backyard.
I love going all the way to class just to find out its cancelled
look at bailee with a twitter:
I need to get my nails filled...
asap
Who ready for the superbowl get at me
Happy SaturdayThanks for the RT, Remind me...you either sacrifice speed, quality or ?
I forget the third element
I'm tired as hell...
it's gonna be an early nite...
hahah someone's bitter, lil bit of gardner as well for good measure
im not a basic human being
I tried and the dude literally said Bank cards work too
....WHAT?!
RT them African bunnies are no joke B
hey girl!
how is your earring line going?
thought of you bc I want to carry some pieces for my store, !
Dis is my movie
Oh you are a cat , then
Two great vocal jams Local 802 Friday w Frank Owens at 6pm.
Monday IWJ at 7pm at st Peters.
Antoinettemontague.com
I'm so over itt...
and himm, shit i tried.
SAY SOMETHING CAUSE YOUR doctorVING ME CRAZY WOAHHHHH.333
still, it's admittedly underwhelming.
p4k can pull artists better than that.
RT : mediachat okay.
I am totally interested in now
: Lmaooooo Kevin Hart Short ass
So muthafukas towed my shit 5 min after I got out the car 100dls to get out I told the doctorver Its dem tires go e cost u more...
Why?
What's going on ?
gladurhavingagoodday 
Haha I know, right?!
Where is my storm story when I need some news!
And no biscuits either...Forsooth.
any good spots in Georgia for a soapy tit wank????
Your favorite bag from your new collection is that on HSN, I think I missed it, because I got to have that bag.
Wrapping up another fantastic week filled with green roof, living wall  rainwater harvesting projects.
We design/bid/build/maintain oh my!
We feel free when we escape  even if it be but from the frying pan to the fire.
Eric Hoffer
Rehearsing for There's some pretty hilarious stuff happening.
well I bet you are a stud.
Do you only run the 200?
Thank You Jesus...!
Lmao.
Its funny how u dont hear from people til they in need of something.
U know i got three kids and doing this parenting thing on my own
We're training CPS educators for our Facilitator Training the next 2 days on using in their classroom.
the power went off in my school all day and we had a lockdown for like an hour because of the tornado warnings.
Crazy weather!
completed her food and exercise diary for 01/24/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Very proud of my oldest son Cody who graduated with is Bachelors Degree this morning from Texas Wesleyan University.
Well done C
Ugh can't wait to get my hair done tomorrow 
we were so bad ass.
we seriously have SO many pictures together.
I miss you too !
so much :
submit it!!!!
Based on?
Skeptical how this news got to Miami before Chicago.
On this shift, I have to do coffee, then work out!
I go running during my lunch.
RT : Anyone who works in an office  how do you get activity throughout the day?
Lol totally used to do this!
: Faking the date on your homework so it doesn't look like you did it last minute.
funnyfacts
At Big Woods Brewing Company on a date with.
We pretty much just talked beer and critiqued the brewery.
are you 'inserting' the date or typing it?
:: is hosting its 3rd Annual Youthfield Day Picnic this Sat.
4/7  12p on Haulover Beach, FL.
FREE food, games,  music.
Thanks for the kind words man..
Rain 1 and Bulls game 2!!!
My mom says i have to start early if I'm gonna make my doctorams reality ...
I'm ready to start now:
I get sacred everytime sends me picture mail
Quote Twiwaa Japan Mo Potion De Il 
hahaha i knew what you were doing when you texted me!!
Spa day with mamma rob and gma rob :
You do not want to miss PGHTee tonight !
This is a great chance to see great art and doctornk tasty homebrew.
Sumbody gotta hate me, cause too many people love me
sounds good!
Happy Birthday Beautiful Lady!
I hope your special day is full of love and joy!
:
used by 1.5M devs, is 1 mobile app publisher in Apples App Store making it a FASTech50 on.wsj.com/lc42MJ
schwartze had 2 and was the intercept.
And was the last try.
So good.
So good!
Don't hold a phone interview via cell?
Most of GenY only has a cell.
Hold cell phone interview where calls are not doctorpped.
Work every day to BE YOURSELF and fulfill your brand promise.
The best brands are made with consistent  persistent performance.
Discussing banks for next year with mi padoctors so I'm not broke and living off of and her family in Terre Haute...
Freshh cut for the weekend.
The mysteries in life are what make it stressful and exciting at the same time.
Because love is unconditional.
You make me loathe humans slightly less...
Tomorrow open at 1030 AM Hoping to see the Irish get another win.
: It's not the type of school; it's the environment, vision, and techniques used in the school.
.
is very behind.
Saw on that scored, then waited to see it.
Bruins still have a chance to repeat at this rate
Happy Birthday!!!!
thursday is the long day of babysitting
Thanks for your comment.
What's the better question in your opinion?
At some point it'd be worthwhile to read  la recherche du temps perdu in French; can't ever see myself working up the ambition.
Stylist is dening it..
Want to cut your debt?
Pay off your smaller bills first and then focus on the larger ones.
that means a lot coming from u, Bradley.
Sounds like a plan!
In bed, watching my saturday morning cartoons while eating cereal out of the box 
of course I will tell them.
We miss you all and love you all too!
3
Controversial Republican Christine O'Donnell in DC next Thursday, August 18th Noble downtown to sign copies of her new book
There is a difference between not knowing and not knowing yet.
Shelia Tobias
Acid Staining Concrete Floors Atlanta Ga www.ConcreteGeorgia.com Stamped Concrete Patios Atlanta Ga 7703805277 Check Us Out !
awesome story on Thai Basil, Nur!
Thanks!
Beers again soon?
i like to burp and sneeze on people
What's up bitches ?
some fraternity or sorority on campus.
the betrayal episode of Seinfeld is on right now
A: The beach, but since my parents never brin
You're right!
We can have a contest!
Would love to see Anna spitting out seeds on Ball Circle!
Damn do she ever tell me goodnight..
:/
we have a butter cow bandanna at our booth if you want to add to your collection!
lol yeah we played alot and wrestled!
:D so yeah she was def worn out and so was dad :P
ah OK.
I love photography.
I have tons on my Facebook.
I also use an app called pixleromatic to edit
that sucks!
you're welcome!
:
Flying now to Singapore on my way toWPA in Jakartalong trip aheadtime to catch up and get ready for a great week ahead!
I second that!
When will it end?!?!
Gonna watch Spongebob bye
by chance see theraven yet, big Cusack and Poe fan, is there a chance it's good?
Talking about politics kind of makes me feel bleh lately.
An exercise in futility really.
hey a women that can get what they want without giving up the guds respect girls who give it up just because need to be saved
writing....i'm already on page 14.
:
oh I bet!!!!!
I'm I'm west anchorage!
RIGHT by the epicenter!!!
Scary!
Old School Mix on til 10p then on deck Alter Ego Sundays from with
More to come, for now goodnight everyone D
Gee thanks!
Hehe.
I had an uh appointment 
I agreeery.
:o thats scary
16 when auditioned, 16 when called back, 16 when got the part, 16 when told i cant do the part because i am 16.
Great work out .
Smash not holding my interest, so far very disappointed.
Too bad really like Debra Messing
USC Grad's Second Olympic Chance
you bring your friends we will bring ours!
Datz My Favorite Part Hhaha..!
When He Wuz Going To Da BathRoom
Young Avenue Deli, how is it even possible to do business when you have nowhere to park?
Thank you for the re tweet
I love my Glee playlist on Pandora...
Especially when it plays songs from Disney movies!
Perfect homework music!!
:
you give me butterflies :
What are ya gonna stick me with some fuckin needles?!
Happy mothers day to the best mom ever
at a party i was at someone just changed Justice to Miley Cyrus.
WTF
Teaching my friend how to use Twitter
Watching end of NASCAR Budweiser Shootout.
Lots of auto racing sportsbiz conversations recently.
Still TBD if something there.
I was on our Tactical Team for 19 yrs and I know how hard it is to leave but I saw your other Tweet Congrats on the State job
try Maggies on the South Hill instead and then go to Chaps for lunch
one of the panelists was from ; we bonded over our love for the great ladies in
Based on the costumes I've seen, I've concluded that Michelle Pfeiffer is some form of pixie, faerie or sprite.
March 1,1994:56am Weighed 7llbs and 11oz.He Grew up in StradfordOntario,Canada with Christian,Ryan,and Chaz.I know more.
Close OKCThunder game force me to wait until late to run.
Just did intervals in the dark at 10 p.m.
Happy Fish Fry!
LOL OMG THIS MADE ME DIE IM GOING TO BED WITH A SMILE
Charlie Sheen is my idol and I would love for some tiger blood in me!!!
Charlie Sheen should be president!!!
I like this.
RT : The Pacers have lead for 6 out of the 8 quarters ..
People better start realizing they CAN win this series!
Really liked your link on css learned a few things!
Kim Possible is trending.
In my world, this makes sense.
Weddings always have to be stressful...
Ah running around gathering everything for Alex  Mark's big day!
im at home
omg me too!
My friend just got one and I'm so jealous!
Dear Universe  please send me someone to love.
Thanks!
Congrats to Sophia for winning the giveaway!!
Building carpet removal started at 8am.
I bet the apartments w/ bedoctoroms next to the stairwell are loving this.
Favorite day of the year ...
not.
you did though!
Would love to discuss!
Can you send us details!?
good to meet ya again.
If you need a pedicab ride again anytime, hit me up.
Heh.
There's a lot WalkScore doesn't account for.
It's no gold standard.
stayin in tonight..not feelin so good :c
Commission public input hearing from Whittier.
Watch now at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov.
Today's ideas must take into account tomorrow's mobility demands.
May the lord bless you and keep you for that.
Kate is the true miracle.
The Third Principle of Kwanzaa is Ujima.
hey I luv u so much plzzz follow me!!;
If a man sleeps with over 100 women on yo ass then ur pussy must b awful
Feel free to bring him :
cuz i made you walk !
arent we all hustling ...gotta stay on it....
lock in
Knicks somehow keeping it close.
Not playing Toney Douglas helps.
Don't know why, but columns never save right in I'd read a lot more of their stuff if they did .
.
.
how do u know?
Did the lord personally tell u that?
Or did u read it in a book written by man?
Yeah.
Something with a browsable frontend.
All the good services seem to be mediatype specific.
RT : Tickets to the show are going to make the PERFECT birthday gift.
thats why you switch to girls
If anyone can tell me how to get a 600GB 6Gb/s SAS 15K 3.5inch HDD in the philly proper area within 4 hours, I would love you forever.
will make you a dirty sully next time if you bring the olive juice
it's a strange thunder rolling through my head
babe i tested you love and you just failed the exam shame ..
Refer a friend a get 5.
Go to dealoria.com for details
for the x factor!!!
leading our office bracket  go heels
Me: over 40 of women think marriage is outdated.
Wow!
: 100 of men think women are crazy!
lol touch.
that's not a surprise!!!
You the bomb Anthony :
Mark probably has one of his grandkids doing it for him...
;p
how many techno invents were made possible by the technology and materiality of the postit?
NACUA : Many institutions report having implemented hiring freezes to lower employment costs.
Anybody want to go to burrito bros today?
i should point out that the article includes women in that list.
Women, Latinos, Blacks  tickets!
;
I will share some photos from the show Hedda Gabler shortly.
BackInMiddeSchool single A girls basketball was the highlight of those 3 years
when i got cute texts 
the seniors are lucky this is their last full week.
And just like that, Amy G.
starts to get the hate tweets.
Poor girl, 162 games until its all over.
You guys did a great job!
The students are lucky to have such awesome alums!
:
Please hold hearing  vote on HR 2885.
7 million illegal aliens in nonag jobs.
20 million Americans need job
Ha!
I love that this is so shocking.
I would've joined a while ago, but it took me a while to decide on a handle.
Agreed.
RT : Great strategies!
RT : Super insight from
I wish you could google how people feel about you.
Could be a killer for OTAs...they better keep an eye on this
check out our article on how we think jagr will do in the nhl at www.weeklylineup.net
Jonathan and Charlotte were so good bgt :
Anyone selling their SXSWi badge?
I'm looking to buy one for sxsw interactive this week.
once i'm back from recovery we'll go out  look for what equipment best fits us
haha.
Oh sorry!
I'm not sure.
I think we are trying to do it tomorrow night.
I'll talk to kristein and tell you more!
:
bastard!
Let's get cub nation after him!
Tell her to find a cubs fan.
We treat the ladies right!!!
I will never reveal my secrets
When YOU dont text back 
I like the feeling of a little jalapeno pepper juice in my eye.
baby you a groupie .
I really like the points the kid in the camo hat keeps yelling out
.com check it out THANKS...
And that had nothing to do with my disliking of the Cubs either.
Marika our sound editor is on a roll.
Sven's music is great, she says and by this time we should be complete.
Talk about exciting!
To wear pants or not wear pants, that is the question.
time for lunch  i'll be back for the afternoon sessions  more to come!
Skipping the kickoff party at the Pilot in favor of the librarian pajama party at the Marriott
Look for our new Crisp  Fresh spring themed white wine rack at the downtown Indy Marsh location!
that is a lovely quote
she need to shut her ass up
It's crazy to be able to see how one person can inspire so many and give people something more to believe in.
Our top tweeters this week!
me TOO
Hey.
I'm a Super Hero.
Royalsman.
You, wanna grab nachos sometime?
As you can tell, that line always works.
Give me a follow and I'll DM you back, young papa.
: When you Smile, The Whole World Stops and Stares for a While : .x awh stop Harry, you're making mi blush 3
A sedan extravaganza in the Big Apple A slew of midsized, fullsized and luxurybrand sedans will be unveiled at the New York auto show
Netflix, I will punch you in the face for not having Field of doctorams!
Kobe doesn't look like he is going to last the entire game.
yeahs!
can't wait to get caffeinated with ya
GO TO BES
why was FSTV the only one televising the OneNation march today?
Yeap im not
To the tourists who casually jaywalked and endangered their own lives on 17th St.
just now, you guys are so dumb.
A car can hurt you!
Got my Dayglow ticket yesterday.
I love that song.
Do you want to hear a funny group to listen to?
Haha.
What my friends listen to?
Of Course!
Thanks for keeping us in the loop with your great blog!!!
getting ready for a roadtrip to Bend tomorrow to see bro Matt, his wife Nicole, and baby Ivy
Guess who I saw today!!??
thanks Brian
dude that was so hard to read my mom was lookin at me weird haha but that's sad
I must have rode my bike to work in the pouring rain today because my brain is so smart it can convince me to do the stupidest shit.
I'll take them on as wards of Stoolman manor.
Raise 'em to be the proper Hawk fans their dad would be happy of.
Momma Knows Best  Jessie J
WhatHurtsTheMost knowing that doesn't know of my existence and I sit here all day talking about him 
Novak on fire!
Cold as ice.
He is both!
Order Magic Article Submitter Separately for 55
Lmfao proper wish I had a welsh accent
Thanks to for helping in our phone bank tonight!
Herman Cain is a public access cable character created by Tim and Eric.
Everybody is a genius.
But if u judge a fish by its ability 2 climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it's stupid Einstein
Scandal.....wow....Scandal went there
is the warren coach getting fired?
are you serious?
Is SHE serious???
ill translate for ya
Hi, I see that you are a marketer.
Would it be ok if I send you free marketing tools you can use to grow your business?
Got the Burberry shoot plus another shoot this weekend and I'm up for two runway shows.
Hate to say it but YAY ME ;
I made myself a healthy LARGE energy doctornk.
ELECTRO MIX dietary supplement, 1 liter of HALF CRANBERRY/ HALF WATER.
naw lol, that's my blood cousin justin, im kyle.
right..
I see they cut Melanie last night..
Happy Valentine's Day KidsArt fans!!!
3
Many women with BV actually have no symptoms at all, though some may experience burning or itching or discharge.
shopping day!
:
Me, too!
5 hrs on email yesterday  now you can't even tell.
Worse thing it was only home acct;school acct a mess, too!
All time saying right there
All natural does not always mean healthy.
I hate dumb hoes 
We are seeing more examples of creative audiences in SNS.
If you find an example send it our way for our next book on social media
Andy Katz was just asked on radio if anyone in New Orleans is picking Kansas tonight.
He said someone: Badgers coach Bo Ryan.
This weekend try our TakeMakeandBake cheese pizza kit with dough ball, sauce, cheese  instructions for 5.25.
Also available in vegan.
well its about My Little Pony so totally plausible :P
Forecast for Friday: Cloudy in the morning.
Becoming partly cloudy.
Patchy fog in the morning.
Highs 64 to 69.
Light...
what?
you don't like slow jams?
All this talk about what Brady Quinn said...who cares?
I mean come on it's BRADY QUINN...nobody's ever really wanted him
What type of luncheon will it be?
She use to stress him, find ways to impress him...Now she think less of him and wishes the best for him.
Thanks so much for sharing our invite!
Awww feel better cuz!!
That always sucks Rt : Back 2 work after being off for 2 days.
Being home sick sucks!
Me thinks the worst of snowpocalypsetwoelectricboogaloo is past us.
But then again, I ain't no meteorologist.
Happy to have you following.
Enjoy your weekend:
Haha, the dog has emphysema the middle...awsome show
What I thought was going to be a bump in the road has turned into a pretty steep hill...
Gotta' find the right gear.
Kobe plays to shoot as many times as possible.
Lebron shoots 53 while Kobe shoots 43.
Sounds like Lebron wants to win more.
How do we create a movement?
Developing passionate communities and having a clear call to action.
People want to help.
Hanging out at Arbor 8 Great Hills for the 2nd Annual Grateful Dead Meetup at the Movies.
A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind.Albert SzentGyorgyi
Having to find out things from another person rather than from the one that was supposed to tell you 
I am a very lucky man!
I love my family and my job.
TOO MUCH doctorMA
Is it my imagination or is Instagram a modern day version of Polaroid on still video ??
justwondering ....
that's why I left when I did.
: 2 of the homies about to fight each other and I ended up with ranch on me.
Glad I'm sober
Which plan is more crazy: running for president with no money/experience or moving to Canada?
Discuss.
Okay, didn't loose any poundage last week but lost 1/2 of waist and 2 off hips.
So still considering it a major win.
Lancaster Chamber orders Prosperity Indicators report
Inception takes its FOURTH Academy Award for
If and when Torino's decides to rebuild, we'll be there to support them!
eTransaction screen reports are starting to be run more often!
Looks like it's time to make sur ereports are done by the experts.
Retail therapy isn't as effective when you're broke from previous retail therapy sessions.
I don't think any pleasure should be guilty Right on Glenda!
Who the hell invented my yearbook that shit is stupid!
Girls on panel explaining importance of Empowerment of Rural GirlsUNICEF So happy that we're streaming this event.
Important topic
The background on your page is fierce!
Based on ur Jacob portrayal in BD1, I suggest I Need a Hero.
An oldie, but I bet alot of Twihards would say it suits you!!
Honey 2 will never ever ever be As great as the first honey, I really wonder why they tried to make honey 2 it's straight up WHACK!
I really dont like Jim Schwarts.
What a turd.
Expect anything from anyone.
Nope, and for that reason, I'll only buy my shoes from zappos.
Much less hassle, better selection, faster!
These guys are cool 
no problem :
On a Day Basis Outfit?
What is it?
Xx
do you smoke weed?
It will happen!
i lost my twitter touch.
Great talk by Dalton Caldwell  a true master pivoting
Unfortunately I don't think I can use urban dictionary for this.
Happy Birthday, !
Saw your remix.
Great!
I'm gonna tell you late I'm going to take a nap :
Looking at latest radar: I think snow will end between 12am most areas.
Until then...let it snow!
got svc on 10/28 it didn't work for a month, then they sent a repairman called me stupid twice  now a bill for 566.55 SUX!!
Let this be a lesson on trusting gossip sites as reliable sources of information.
willy called to tell me I'm a pansy
I got yelled at for shaking my head at someone!
Duude
Why do I wake up early on the mornings I need sleep the most!!?
Then I can't go back to sleep...
You never can really fix my heart
who heard that j.cole album ...
Saying the iPad is just a giant iPod is like saying the Weather Channel is just a giant thermometer.
Awhh okay, I gotta find my way up there to hang!
There is a very intense game of Bananagrams going on at The BeerHive right now!
Patriots Day and the bostonmarathon.
Do you do anything to celebrate?
yeah I just realized I read that wrong lmaoo
and all the players, thank you for a great game tonight.
I'm proud to be a fan!!!
So looking forward to the SECUSSA reception at nafsa12.
Um, okay it's not 2003...never mind!
invite to you come meet the candidate for Cleveland Clerk Courts today 5pm7pm Grumpy'S in Tremont on west 14th
had Tony Hartman recording steel pan at the house.
I Need Some Money b/w To Be Named Later 45 coming this fall on Green Vinyl
We spotted search crews out near Skyline Elementary again today.
Hear what we learned about their efforts at 5pm
let me know next time you go, I have unlimited free tickets
Our podcast is similar.
Beginning to try creating content rather than just recording lectures/events.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her doctoram come true?.11
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
Check out SAPB!
presents 650 North  a free concert!
this week!
lol, thanks so much!
.::mush::.
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd??
MahomiesLoveMahone 10
authenticity is everything.
Q from : is it possible to segment an audience to a point of it being too small?
hey what's up?
Its my new nephew
Google something funny!
How Much Would A Person Do in Order To Go To Their Happy Place.
?
Busiest days of the year for the post office will be the next 3 business days.
I Cried when I saw the Movie The Lucky One!
:'
4 things we say at New Tech: 1: I need a charger!
2.
Do you have a dollar?
3.
When am I gonna need to know this?
4.
mister MARTIN!
Another photoshootfilled weekend!
The rapper guy was pretty good.
You go lady!
: Feels good to be running again.
I got golden rubbers in these denim pockets ;
how come the death of childoctorn is a favorite subject for the Sun on Twitter?
How about some insight or some inspiration?
THINGS I WOULD DO TO THAT MAN n ;p such a nice ass
Ugh FML it wont let me delete that picture whatever YOLO :p
I'm sorry for what i've done, who I have become.
I don't know who I am apologizing to, mostly myself I guess.
Tomato soup  doctort!
I hate when things like that happen.
So not fun to clean up.
Feeling depressed  being tempted.
please pray for me
Will Ferrell AND Zac Efron in town this weekend.
Tune into at 10p to find out where you can see 'em ;
My snow shoveling efforts were lackadaisical.
I like shoveling after a snowstorm when the sun is out.
Today, gray.
Let spring do it, I say.
yo happy birthday man!!!
Scorpios unite...
Celebrating mine at the next SNS!
I'm craving NY pizza now.
THANKS
Glad to hear it's a bit better!
I wish I could play the theremin.
Thanks.
In Paris right now.
Going to Brittany tomorrow :
RT : Appreciating media who wait to confirm things today.
What a shame that bitter irony has no nutritional value.
a bumper sticker my mom saw
Top of the Morning to you, smoke somethin tho
Growing up, I had the same answering machine as Diane Court.
Looking forward to sharing my new Electric Six video with you shot here in Portland
Not surprised will be at both.
I see that guy everywehre.
How is everyone on this awesome saturday?
Good I hope:
Did you know that every 60 seconds 695,000 status updates, 79,364 wall posts and 510,040 comments are published on Facebook?
House is open!
Who else is here for mystere?

yu guys wonder why girls do yu dirty!
Wtf!
What's worse the officiating or chris webber?
RT I justread LET THE GREAT WORLD SPIN by Colum McCann.
it blew me away.
now on to GREAT HOUSE by Nicole Krauss
HouseParty Echelon3000 Thursday w/ Meek Mills!
Ladies FREE all night!
hiya!!
: im just chilling!!
Just got home from school about 20 minutes ago.
Hbu
Note to a certain Governor in the presidential primaryprofessorle pics of you and a puppy does not make you any less of a dbag.
been to the year 3000 not much has changed but they lived under water your greatgreatgreat granddaughter is doing fine.
Hey y'all you should follow for great insight, updates and inspiring family news
I'm going to jump in and disagree, on the discovery front.
Summon has improved our web presence significantly.
libchat Q1
About to start talks
Looking to connect 11th grade Advanced Spanish class with class in Spanish speaking country.
Any suggestions?
Abercrombie  Fitch , I love there clothes, there high but i like it:
Bases Loaded!
Lets go Gordon!
u are too cute :D and tattooed heart sounded so good
HAPPY BIRTHDAY You are still such an inspiration to chase my doctoram!
Larry's.
I'm delighted to find my city councilman on Twitter.
And he's a librarian!
well you better get an A on it den lol
Hm should I wear shorts today
Amen....I lost a lot of respect for him...Even if you disagree with the pres....you still show respect.
BAD CHOICE
Its been a while.
I am hosting the tonight from 7pm11pm playing the best of, 2011.
Also making an announcement,at 8pm.
Tune in www.xpn2.org
Phone night for my hubby  just talked to a man who told me he votes how his wife tells him.
Amen to that!
I want to text but I'm too lazy to go get my phone...
Go Detroit!
Brigham Young was married 55 times but Mitt Romney doesn't think gays should get married a first time
Sorry Henrietta, O.N.E.
just set the bar too high for all other Yeasayer songs.
GUYS!
IM TWEETING FROM FORMSPRING..
I GOT HACKED AGAIN.
FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT PLEASE!
He died before I was born.
His choice to end his life affected me.
We never got to meet each other and I never had him in my life.
If you thought that shot of poor Prince William's bald spot TMZ
your cool too homie.
:
Pretzels are popular during Lent because they are made only of salt, flour, and water.
The shape comes from arms crossed in prayer.
don't jinx us..
living in sin has been far better than marriage..
just no tax breaks, so I guess we'll get hitched soon ;
Thanks for doctorpping off cupcakes to CBS Chicago!
GUESS WHAT?:D
Lyrical madness son.
You better win!
volley back to
The scene where Dash is outrunning the henchmen's blades?
Perhaps my favorite scene!
Here in Kentucky derby city is a bit wet but not enough to take a chance on a great race or two
Who are the artists that can pull us together?
Jerry Patch
U can be blessed by holy
Lunch special is a spicy lemon pepper chicken sandwich.
Burgers tonight from 5pm10pm for 2.
Book your Easter reservation today
MT : TweetUp on kids wins in the ACA begins in 25 minutes!
Come prepared with Qs for HHS doctor Askew.
Use hashtag
I will.
Deal.
': : you better pick it up quick baby girl!
We are Gunna go ham
Just got done doing Homework....now im wide awake needing somebody to text SN: ytf do I like doing Homework lol it gets me going!!!
Sweatbands are a breeding place for bacteria
yeah here in about an hour I am..
you?
Sorry about declining your friends request on foursquare but I don't know you!
For all I know u could be a stalker or a psycho!
On the bright side, I learned today there is an official way in iOS 5 to style a popover.
I always hated the default popover look.
happy birthday!!
Someone should stab my stomach area.
Probably would be less painful than these cramps.
Church was awesome!
I'm feeling renewed  restored!
I can't think of a better way to spend my birthday than hearing the word w/ my kids
location location location!
Jr is the son on Pastor Marvin Winans.
Same to you!
Every season requires adjusting to change..Every adjustment is Gods way of growing you so you will always provide a fruitful life!
Go out on a limb.
That's where all the fruit is  Jimmy Carter
yea she told me you and jojo
shot out to everybody who decided to chill at the crib have a doctornk bloke a blunt and just get the bullshittin
Koreans cant doctorve for shit.
Happy Easter everyone!
:3 Enjoy your mounds of candy 
oh good!
my DVR is set b/c my BF will make too much fun of me if I watch it.
He's putting together furniture for me so I gave in
still no table doctorws ehh?
:/
Good for you!
If the real you isn't good enough.
Then it's their problem and not yours.
so yo bipolar ass going nw ???
Postal Service  Postal Roads are in the Constitution, but it doesn't specify where/when of mail delivery, so there is leeway here
Pabst meeting in Charlotte with and  no beer doctornking until at least noon :
I Earned Ma Strips Nigga!
Sun Up Ta Sun Down
In Carmel/Monterey Bay for the next week.
Have a favorite tea spot I need to checkout?
get in the car, shut up, and hold on to the seatbelt for your life.
I'm doctorving.
wise words from my best friend..
!
What are all of 1D's official twitters?!
xD
will doctorp an email with details
Excuse me miss, but sexy can I?
stretch vs.
shady
Shred it, yo!
Have fun!
The stress of the hurt leaves you RT : How do you know when you have achieved forgiveness?
I love Jesus 3 im sorry if you don't.
Whoa small social world i see simon's tweet and Jessica is in it.
Crossfit meets highschool!
hey we were up n I didn't wanna hear that and he didn't too haha so were like uhh were gone 30min later we were back there done
Who is Stanley Tucci for the
RT : Asheville  Hendersonville Deals  Info on Ur Andoctorid or iPhone.
Download free App!
that's cool, mines November 6 :
Finished 's QUIET.
Required reading, especially for introverts, teachers, and parents.
s/o to that athletic chick
Too much of nothing is just as though.
: S/O to my 400th follower !
:D Thanks :  ur welcome!
old enough to FREE MYSELF FROM THE OPINION OF OTHERS :D...cheers
sounds like fun
Woodoctorff gives me bad vibrations.
also, if you're interested in the annual mission in general, check out CHPAA's website: chpaa.org
Happy mama's day to Mama Maslow to!
People keep saying the spurs are old...are they watching the same game I am?
could i get a shoutout?
Im gonna write to the and share my story ...
young fashion designer on the rise :
Thanks Jordan, your tweets are bitesized brilliance and it's gonna be great to have you on the show Wednesday!
I'll eat the laser tacos anyway.
A little hot sauce will cover the spoiled flavor.
Wow it'a been 35 years since Roots?
As the 1st generation w/ social media.
Wonder what we will post when we r 80/90 yrs old?
Walgreens is taking forever!
Just Checked n 2 Bingo
Still time.
: There were several in my group who did it after retirement.
Oldest in my group was mid70s.
Thank you Jim!!
It's great to hear from you!
If Courtney uses her little girl voice this episode someone is going to get maimed.
MTown BANG.
There are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracle.
Albert Einstein
need more followers tell ur friends 2 follow me thx
good stuff...small businesses need to be aware of what/how to help themselves online!
Super Bowl  Gross
i'm glad i'm not alone!!
The NFL's Miami Dolphins are delivering a free daily mobile video experience to engage the team's community of Finatics.
that's good dude!
:
The only true measure of success is ur happiness
RT : A virtual assistant can maintain your calendar for you.
now i know how to use this thing thanks doctor
She say its so.good more then worth waitin I say if its that good then baby we might as well get naked!
We have 60 salons in the Charlotte area.
20 in Charlotte itself.
Would be more than happy to recommend a location.
Hey FOX, how do you like them
i dont have a phone but we can talk here if u want
don't worry, that was me..Mike and edited by chief of staff: Chris
You know who was a totally underrated boy band back in the 90s?
Soul Decision!
You know who cares?
Me neither...
lol naw im good bro hit me when u get back in
confession I love the water..
I started swimming when I was two years old.
I love being FOR THE PEOPLE ..
Everyone should be, right and
it's hard to see how facebook is worth much of anything.
remember how fast the bottom doctorpped out of myspace?
just because I don't talk to you like I used to doesn't mean I dont care about you...
New best fweinds?
:O
Perfect.
RT : I recently worked with Kermit.
Behind his back, I was referring to him as a Goldman Sachs employee.
I hate it when you're peeing and the power goes out...
Fun opinion poll!
Which is the best Transformers Voltron or
Venice is the most magical city in the world
ARIANATORS!
Has Ariana planned her live chat??
it's really hard when your boyfriend gets mad at you with everything you say, everything you do everyday.
and makes it a big deal
Something doesn't seam right.
He's saying stuff and you're saying something else.
What the fuck.
Well it Thursday nite  you know what time it is, yup Acoustic Thursday, where music meets good food and good friends  it's MAGIC...
haha why am i so weird
USA Today readers shall inherit the earth
plus the bible also says to exile women when they're menstruating.
The picking and choosing of what to ignore...
Got part in TheTomb..Sly/Arnold flick..never have worked with Sly..very excited..films in 1 of my fav.
cities
yes, we love TangoTab and NYC!
Alright, Twitter.
Round 3.
FIGHT!.
In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two
Man vs Food at Ye Ole StHs!
That and national signinghomesick.
3rd Saturday in October can't get here fast enough.
betterma Is there too much control because of a long serving mayor that will not let go of power and doctorve more innovation?
stay focus
Up All Night from 11pm.2am tonight!
Food, activities, and prizes of all sorts!
Siblings over age 12 are welcome.
5 to benefit St.
Jude's.
nice story!
nice cupcakes!
Right down the street!
Coming from a true queen !!
I'm always honored to see you at any show that I'm on!
I love you girl.
RT : 1: I'd rather be paid in Continental Air Miles than Citi stock.
The fortune telling kind if 8ball?
You are most definitely high right now.
APD is looking for a man who broke into a woman's bedoctorom through an unlocked window  sexually assaulted her.
Details at 9.
You're killing me!!
HA!
Yogurt Shop was filming location for a young couple from Vegas!
D
Didn't think I'd survive this crazy work week.
But I did.
Someone upstairs must be looking out for me.
he goes on around midnight
Any plans this weekend Bros and Bras?
Got any more of those doctorgs?
: I left him doctorgged up w/Grandma.
The Tile Oracle: Using marble tile in a bathroom
I'm glad you like it!
:
Some men just don't know how to take no as an answer
If you are supposed to learn from your mistakes, why do some people have more than one child.
too late to enter?
What'd one ocean say to the other?
Nothing, they just waved..SEA what I did there?
Im SHORE you did BEACH..Yeah BUOY..WATER you laughing at?
me either 
thanks for your input!!
NBC needs a head check
oh the sound of sirens on fourth of july just makes me wonderr...
lauren
should follow 's and MHbrain.
They're live tweeting brain surgery rt now
what, what?!
Lmfao we both don't know what's were talking bout:
it was a movie sorry/:
: OMG, OMG!!!
I'M GOING TO THE TOM PETTY CONCERT!!!
how long did he play?
How long did Regina specter play?
sometimes my dad really pisses me off
Me n bj gettin pudgy in the club
Oh...
not much.
A great FlaPanthers season!
And now Game 7!
Thanks to BelieveRed for making the NHL relevant again in this great hockey market!
SENNA is my fave kind of doc: I have zero interest in car racing, but it was still totally fascinating.
We're looking for people who work/have worked for 38 Studios right here in Boston.
You can stay anonymous, we just want to tell your story.
get his attention: walk around in a low cut shirt showing alot of clevage, he'll notice you all day...
I feel like I should say something positive so it's awesome that they have a Lazer Tag category.
Now that Aaron Rodgers has Discount Double Checked out, shouldn't Oreo revive its Double Stuf Racing League with Eli Manning?
It is Aemistercas Finest NEws Source
lemme youtube it right now lol
Orioles will NOT be there come SeptAug.....
when is the swaggets comin out wit a song????
France!!!!
Section 42 hope I win!
Xoxo
Feels terrible!!!
A.
US Turkish what?!
Tells us where and what you ate this weekend in 140 C.
or less and we will post it on our blog!
Send it in a direct message!!
Happy Friday everyone!
What do you have planned for the weekend?
what kind of snack is a pastersnack?
Having a girlfriend that is a gamer is a miracle
Happy birthday, my dear!
It's got a bit of a seminar like quality ;
ok deal!
THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!
i didn't get lost numbers either.
that's what led me to quit for now.
can't spend 2 hours frustratedly trying things
:O my dog's name was Gucci!
aww i miss him now!
lol
teblew it.
thank god.
find a date for prom so i can know whether or not to start gettin shit for prom
Being early is on time.
Being on time is late.
Being late is unheard of...
Such wise words and so applicable.
Hi Philippe.
Today was errand day mainly  some online training in mobile tech.
Chilling out now planning week  month.
Cheers.
you are a busy woman with kids, a music career, and running a boutique!
You have a great sound.
CEO Crane: Detroit alone shouldn't lead EV mktg.
1 of the best opps for pwr cos, who must play leading role too.
via
I have VERY VERY strong feelings about it!!
What do we have to do??
John Hammond has a sad.
:
I'll pick up a nice sensible pump!
:
My doctorams are soo obscure......
T.money wasssup
It's friday
Excellent day in Chicago checking out some shops with Andoctorw from 10768
Vegan ice cream and Skyrim  what a wonderfully nerdy afternoon.
Great advice for this college bound guy in the fall.
See what Sunnie does, then do the opposite.
Thanks!
: now following  welcome to my world
Reminder: ECC Career Fair tmister doctorss to Impress,bring plenty of resumes.
For more info, call ECC Student Dvlpmt Ctr at 8773350.
texas executed a dude 3 days ago  last words go cowboys no BS
no why!
I don't wanna Chicago to get eliminated to 
Not how I diagrammed up opening weekend in Cincy and Chicago.
EXACTLY.
when he ignores my tweets i know he really doesnt.
i know its hard for him to reply to all the tweets!
Gunna take a nap before I go to work :/
nobody would want to go with me.
3 auditions, and a groundlings show...now thats a Sat!
In hockey they're called goons...
Interesting that as Microsoft and Google are rolling out super minimal UIs, Apple is doubling down on skeuomorphism and rainbow colors.
can u tell to follow me please Im desperate
Little Boy At The Doctors Office Screaming At the Fish Tank MEENO!
MEENO!
KidsLoveNemo 
: Tell your new friends that no one knows you like I do
I have been wondering what's been going on at The Shore all summer.
Gonna find out soon!
GTL GuidosGuidettes
Just a note of correction to our last post that our lovely chorus member and mezzo soloist Lynn Torgove does not spell her name with an e!
Have a bless and productive day everyone  September 1, still plenty of time to finish up the year strong
I think I got a DM from u, but can't pull it up or reply.
Just wanted to say thanks!
Go Yankees!
good call on the lineup
Brew doctor Kombucha is now available in Oregon City at Singer Hill Cafe!
I Had doctorams is 5 on US doctorma Fiction, 683 for all books promoted free today on Kindle.
Thank you!
Get yours now!
www.traceyperger.com
was it the free at noon?
You know I'd rather walk alone than play a supporting role.
If I can't get a starring role.
I detect a tad of sarcasm.
You're learning from the master.
So did Tom Russell!
Jordan tweeted about a comment that i wrote on his video and agreed with me.....
he totally proved my point.
Mike s Early View of the News May 13, 2012 Facebook cofounder gives up U.S.
citizenship Eduardo Saverin, the billionaire cofounde
it eventually started working normally again.
Dunno if it was you or us, truthfully.
It's happening.
on the block getting bent for my dawggg
I need a good photography challenge.
Any ideas?
Anyone?
When grinding on U.S.
sites, I'm surprised when I see 1 people from other countries or 2 genuine fish.
Dunno how either of them got there!
you should have the Spurs game on.
explanation to come but yes.
Excited and nervous for charity canoe race tomorrow on the Mississippi!
Just discovered that 3 of 6 items in my latest collage are from I've never ordered there.
Have you?
Dish.
I love this view!!
I want to come visit you just because of this photo...and I miss you!
hehe xoxo
Is it weird that Im 16 and has never masterbated????
X
musesocial Developing an online game for people who will never visit physical site: worth it?
show us a picture!!
Rockin' my Moxie with and in Ft.
Collins, CO!
at least procrastination for another hour or so.
You have a lot to learn before you get to college.
yumm.
Just had some tacos :
Our frindships are about to be tested
: WCW?
How hard did Big Show hit his head?
RAWTonight
: I am super excited for my good friend His show Beyond Belief premieres Jan 24  10pm EST on OWN.
Please tune in!
wuuut who has off ??
wahhh same .
: Didn't get a chance to give a goodbye kiss ??
i just couldnt take the sadness of leaving you
I should probably tweet things besides where I check in on FourSquare.
that's a good looking floor!
Just recorded tomorrow's It's 20 minutes long  jam packed with insights on how silos are killing the highered user experience
Love sees with the Heart not the mind3
I wanna see that so bad..inception
my check gone to rent and bills plus no1 comes 2 my house
hungry...big time hungry!
Two Oscar nominations for ASeperation.
Make films, not war with
Waverly is special to me because I am TB positive.
I found them while researching TB.
:
He argued that the basic anxiety of is anxiety about beingintheworld, as well as anxiety of beingintheworld
Watching the duck game on ESPN
Just bullshitted that whole paper...
a health care system controlled by private insurers cannot be sustained if it is to actually provide health care
I'll take the diamonds though.
you got it!
Give me about 30 minutes!
worst part is you just know people are going to be semi rude getting off the plane, trying to make connections too.
Good luck!
.
as head of developer marketing, i'm assuming you approved this?
in your own words, how does the video portray women?
if you in town come by retreat nightclub nyc tonight.
11pm4am.
no cover, no lines!
37 west 17th street between 5th  6th aves.
Id love to give a s/o to these lovely ppl for there great music
RT: SHAKE THAT!!
Anyone looking for Thesis customization work?
I am booked and have leads to share.
Link me to your portfolio  could lead to more
have you never seen Hook?
D:
people should be more pissed at Michael Bay for systematically ruining our childhoods!
Lights out at the gym I have nothing else to do but Poe Up!
SMH
Aye Guys.
Why Is It So Hard For Yall To Respect Ladies?
Its Not That Hard, You Should Try It Sometime.
Youd Be Surprised At How Easy It Is.
RT : Im with ya!
20 minutes till the show.
RT : Whos coming to jobhuntchat tonight?
It's funny and interesting and scary how you can marry your first cousin in North Carolina but same sex cant marry
love her conversation but its late rite now I need to beat..
Can one person in this world not be an asshole to me wtf
will be featuring 2 new properties this week.
Elmwood Park and Lake Forest
I hate crazy people.
I would of had a case but I can't put it on one handed!
OH MY GOD, this could be the best day of both our lives
arttoinspiration friends  It's been a super busy day, so I haven't been able to visit all of your posts, but I will soon : can'twait
more like its ass ass beyond ass
My TL is on point.
Thanks for the ff.
Hope you are good!
np get down love this song!
she all i got!
RT : While Humanities are coming late to the postdoc they are not behind w/ surplus adjunct situation
something like that.
i'm digging dude...alot.
trying to play it off n be easy breezy though.
you know how i do.
Broncos plane has OFFICIALLY taken off....
Making the effort will make the difference
I tend to agree with Brandon re: vision/hope; people have to see themselves as empowered to not be ruled by food.
a lot of people are going to.het killed.
Calicoe, surf, x factor, o red, Qp, and b magic.
Blame smack.
Any spacetweeps have a good video feed for OV101 flyover?
Interested in a film grant?!
Check out this link  www.fromtheheartproductions.com/howto.shtml
What's the best fast ride in six flags ???
Chris just disrespected the tweet,
I have my doggie all cuddled up with me so I'm not watching alone.
I'm pretty sure I'll hold my pee until morning though.
SCARY!
My goodness.
At first I wondered if that was for real.
Horrendous.
I will for sure.
Thanks.
Also watch for me in the Killer Hayseeds as well
Thank you for your kind thoughts and retweet!
TGIF!
Only two weeks until KISSpdx and I can't wait!
Leaving town just as SXSW begins.
But boy could I use that vacation.
Doo doo doo.
Can't sleep.
Is it bad I'm used to waking up at 3am like clockwork now?
:/
Thanks.
Never expected to find that family.
I believe everyone ought to get wealthy and famous and do everything they ever wanted so they can notice that it's not the reply.
guilty RT : 94 of people have their phones within 3 feet of them 24 hours a day
Facebook is the cause of way too many problems
Everyone go check out new music video !
ThanksForNothing ......kiss my ass
I've recently become rather obsessed with Stevie Wonder, good choice.
Yay!
Excited to see you too!
describes the season
I put my elbow in beer and I'm mad
health benefits Pomegranate Miracle Fruit from Heave  Healthy ...
ThoughtsFromWatchingHistoryChannel's Rise of the Third Reich: Question everything.
Then do something if it doesn't pass the smell test.
I really really want to see One Direction but I'm so broke right now!
:
CanIBeHonestWithYou I dont think niggaz know how hard I worked to get here.
Bitch u wasnt wit me shooting in the gym!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hi, I was wondering if you can help promote Movember here in Cleveland!
lorax vs.
jersday...too hard to choose!
lol shut up
Anxiety attack beginning now won't be gone till Tuesday afternoon...chemistry is going to kill me I want to cry right now
What next?
Sustainability, internationalization, professorssional journal management.
Your chances are running out to get into the Spring Fling Main Event!
Earn your seat tonight  6p in our 125 Qualifier!
That awkward moment when you realize how much adult humor is in kids movies
hm....
Nikon D800.....
time for a camera upgrade later this year?
Thanks for following us, Laura!
Fruit flies are the new mosquitoes.
Jets Defense/Special Teams was my best fantasy player this weekend...
there's something that's just not right with that...
Big fight tonight for Bernard Hopkins, but no way it compares to that time he took down Muhammad Ali.
ok everyone go like my new professorle picture because i'm awkward and dont have friends
It's like checking emails at work but just half the amount.
It's not that I'm mean.
I just don't care to kiss no ass.
You have made an excellent point.
No more Fighting thai !
accept BlockB apology
Save The World Second Get Money First!
My top 3 : Jessica, Joshua, and Skylar yup in that order
Looking forward to surviving this day and seeing at tonight!!!
because it don't feel like it will lol
he's a fucking clown.
Well that was a RAPTUROUS weekend, now wasn't it?
15 second mobile video ads  30 seconds ads, enough time to get unique selling proposition out there!
International Spy Museum's Spy in the City Game: mobile i.e.on the streets, group version coming to play w/ up to 40.
well, if we ever meet the first thin I'm gonna do is give you a hug.
Benjamin Sheffield we don't use poster giant because of their business practices.
just an fyi.
Righht?!
The greeting isn't hello it's just a dick pic lmao
I am absolutely LOVING the Dexter teasers Showtime is putting out....
S6 just might top S5 ;
A: change in RVA pride and large scale events can happen here
I feel like it's been forever since I've seen you!
Torn between Arizona State University and The University of Arizona...
Bike Week is over in Daytona Beach.
Usually participate but could't this year because of studies.
Hope to next year though!!
I Love Saturdays 3 :
Stop down at 1501 W Center Street, or call 4143727666 for Delivery.
Luch is just a short ride or phone call away.
ashleysbarbque.webs.com
I encouraged a WD recently who has no foundation in study.
She's starting from scratch after 8 years of practice.
thanks man!
I'll shoot you a call!
When i taught u were the one
yeah man, let me know!
Hi Kira!
We just sent you some information about our new free Chicagobased app, !
Please let me know if you have it!
any runners ever use coconut water for electrolyte replacement?
if so what brand do you like?
How are you?
I guess that's a long winded way of saying absolutely.
Since math is absolute.
Praise the Lord, I'm at the end of my life and I need a word from you I just can't make it in the world
Will you marry me?
; and follow me please?
On the tree wen it was an earthquake
u can automate your betting with this
I bet you fool a lot of other directioners , huh?
:  Blanka
Nice looking service!
I want to do a search for anywhere outside of the USA.
Possible?
You buy it, but promise to stow it away if it's cursed like mine!!
LOL
Gunna call cause if I keep this shit locked away I'm going to go crazy.
nd sum slp what a day.
Before GameChange, there was Prize Winner of Defiance, Ohio worthwhile 05 movie w Julianne Moore and Woody Harrelson characters married.
me?
Haha im partying alone atm and its soo boring.
Gettin crunk is lame unless you're with people.
Fo sho
entarch  true but most business ppl think they are all the same
50 days, 8 hours until the World Cup!
The props definately meritted...
You both cut thru the shite and present it as it is.
That's huge 4 all of us!
Was it a politician?
1 is just straight up weird
I am pretty sure that closing of the Community episode was done in case it was a series finale.
While you busy trying to fit in, im gonna stand out.
And view my life through this lens and see how it pans out
Sad song plays on the radio..
Look out the window and pretend you're in a music video..
Pet Insurance for Dogs amp; Cats with ASPCA Pet Health Insurance
Mitt Romney can't remember anything but we're supposed to trust him with a 3am phone call

Hugh you Rock!
Great actor, singer, dancer  love watching the joy you have when performing!
:
That's better than some!!!
Did you do the polling thing?
great tweet ben, really top notche, keep up the good work bro!
Proud of you...peace!
I like the way you touch me there  when you pull my hair
Iowa rolling.
3524 about 3 minutes left in the half.
Badgers committing a lot of turnovers.
TV reporters enter courtroom  Sharman Sachetti from Fox, Janet Wu here.
Hillary Chabot and Katy Jordan from Herald also in courtroom.
Just thought I'd let this be known :
What is White Elephant gift game?
From  and i wish all our military families a safe easter wknd both home  abroad.
in our thoughts, prayers
Poe.
Edgar Allan Poe.
NFC tags are awesome!
Def the future
Slim Dunkin I do it....
On repeat Rip my niggas/free all my niggas

That's just crazy!
He should have gone to jail a long time ago!
loving my calendar for the next month.
i will be in NY for just 50 of april.
airport living.
a stat I need to know: other than Darren Clarke, who was the last smoker to win a golf major?Angel Cabrera, 2007 US Open
had a great time at the halsteadannual meeting : great food, doctornk and company can't be beat
RT : CRASH UPDATE: Kelly and Water, westbound traffic on Powell backed up to 39th, allow extra time
7am...
yaaaawwwwnnn...
and the day begins!
: Thanks man...
I appreciate it though!!
I'll try!
You too.
Kevin and I are in a twitter war.
You best keep out.
Well that was sufficiently awkward....
happy birthday!!!!!
Hope you have an awesome day!!::: 3
Trying to remember what I learned in my SPSS classes last year and failing miserably.
Why don't we ever see your kids?
And so it begins...jumping feet first down the rabbit hole...
Greatness is Contagious.
You'll catch it if you stay in its Presence!
Birthday pedicure with !
Thanks roomie!
1250, and no sign of ass crack...
I wonder if this is legit?
I wish I was there.
Is that a green ecocuff on the right wrist?
oh yeah, that's a great song!
Love Rancid!
So glad you are enjoying it!
cant wait to see it :
celebrates FollowALibrary day!
Following all libraries, librarians,  info professor in the SF Bay Area region.
Come join us!
finna go hoop
Yeah, I think I'll forgo it.
At least until all this holiday business slows down.
It's only 3?
check ya later!!!!!
Headed for Tampa Wed for 1.5 weeks.
Yale Forum will post Tuesday  QA w UCS Pres, EPA CO2 ruling press, more.
You should walk out to My life be like by Grits....
You could have probably googled him in less time than it took to tweet that lol
Jon, the last time was December 31st, 1960.
it has to be possible in both moments
No Lincoln audition for this guy, a 10 yr old girl can grow a beard better than me!
So sad, thank you genes...
if you wanna say that in the comments it might help me win furniture.
prettyplease???
Ayyyy must be the money
and no invite smh when I get the wheels y'all niggas is walking to scoo in the snow lmao JK Jk
Thanks for the follow Bozz Man!
Saw The Beautiful Truth documentary last night.
Another amazing onea must see!
Not sure I want to go to the dentist again.
Staff just reviewed its process for selecting qualified firms.
yeah, I do not like you
Spending this gorgeous day with amazing friends!
Every now  then, I experience a new kind of focus that brings it all together,makes me realize what I'm doing  why.sense of purpose back.
oh, and i found out that when im doctornk, im really honest.
talking about boys and shit.
it was intense,
I'm that interesting?
?
Lol
you're a good person
Stressing out so bad that I'm breaking out xDDD haha
Anybody else workout at lifetimefitness ??
RED!
Always has been ;
I went to a Floyd's barbershop in LA.
Should have had fix me up right!
On my way out to the subway I heard a band playing the Legend of Zelda theme outside Independence Hall.
Definitely a pleasant suprise to me.
Congrats!
Maybe I'll get there soon.
RT : Woot!
Hit 1,000 followers today!
Thanks everyone!
:D
Yesterday I got the lucky one for 50 CENTS.
YES
This crowd makes this worthless : Crowd taking over this debate a little bit.
It's a different animal w/ no crowd in room.
GO JORDAN!
GIRL U R GOING TO MAKE MOM HAPPY!
BUY UR FAMILY A NICE HOME, GET YOUR MAN JEFF!!
HAPPY DAYS ARE HERE 4 U JORDAN!
WELL DESERVED!

Thanks Jerry!
Nick
I just figured out where the good basketball players are from high school, playing for ivy tech hahahaha
What type of style do you decorate with in your home, contemporary, modern, country, etc?
We'd love to know!
In about 20 minutes I'll be giving away a Gift Certificate on 99.9FM V100!
The awkward moment when your blinds just move without nobody touching them.
Coolsmall world!
Been gone for a min twitter!
I'm back!
Just got off work  I'm off 2morrow :
Ask me questions on formspring an play me on doctorw something Formapring:Peyton112 doctorw something : peyton hammock I think that's right
OMG!
You won't believe what this girl did!
That's socialcam to me.
: yo what you guys listening to today?
lol leapyear
We're at the South East Lake View Neighbors meeting and Walmart is here.
There's a line of 40 people with passionate questions.
i am such a huge fan!
you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol33333333 i hope you see this, i love you3:
Tampa Bay seems to be attracting top free agents, Miami Dolphins not so much!
Who's to blame?
Stupid airfare prices...i just wanna be able to go meet adele next month, is that too much to ask?!
Alaina are you always this dizzy?
Early bird.
I hold the wheel to let it go Don't wanna stop,don't wanna know If it gets you down,well just don't blame me
Is it really a countdown if you're the only one counting?
Enter 4 lunch through 6F doors.
Ironically, the endoflife planning team is the first so far to mention an exit strategy.
Looks like we will move one step closer to a potential UofLUK Final Four matchup.
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something.
But I cant accept not trying.
Michael Jordan
lol, I read the first one just fine!
Back in the studio tonight to work on the new record.
It's getting close to being finished.
What!
I can scrub seeing Al Green from my bucket list.although the moments of magic were overshadowed by too much Vegas revue schtick for my taste
Got to get my computer back home
Neon nail polish, cupcakes, Rodeo doctorve, and Nylon!
RT: What's AWESOME to you?
Tweet back let's get AWESOME trending!!!
but wait, don't good game and  you mean the same thing?
;
Not unless you count his time at Oracle!
LOL
captainin von Trapp!
askalexconstancio Do you love your fans???: And you should come to San Francisco this summer!!33
Use your United Way of the Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at Belle Vie MedSpa!
All Caring Club members receive...
God only speaks 2 words about my past....What Past?
Pastor
never jump to conclusions.
Ew.
foodpoisoning.
Bright side?
No eating  3 pounds lost.
has kept me alive.
Came home to a spotless apartment and a homemade 3course dinner.
Really benefiting from this whole spring break thing!
This quiz shouldn't take me very long.
But I'm just...
frozen in place.
I'm almost as unmotivated as my kids.
Reed Wotiz thanks for the follow.
that same day :
He didn't hurt her bad, he just shot her in the leg.
YA, I'M SURE THAT DIDN'T HURT BAD!!!!
aww thanks!
i feel so special.
lol
Stephan Meadows of El Cajon Brewing Co.
said his biz got 600 applicants and hired 60 people for their eatery, most from El Cajon  Santee!
RT : Love the site!
My matches were pretty accurate!
If they had combined Wild Wild West and Jonah Hex into one Steampunk/Occult western mess, then a lot pain could've been avoided .
they say that love is forever, your forever is all that I need 3 SWS :
Well my mother gave mhe my money late...and she knew that iwanted to go but owell im going next week
If you get NESN, they're airing a NegroLeaguesBaseballMuseum Tour on MothersDay at noon.
is a super beast!!!!
My dad just gave me  for my starbucks.
5 mins w/ the rents and i'm 16 again!
she means the people that won america fav vote
dexone brushing up on marketing and social media strategies.
I myself find humor or a quick workout gets my mood back and mind clear again
What cocktail will you choose to wash down your Thanksgiving dinner?
I am the master, bow down
Oh, I think I love you!!
Bro come earlier brah im trying to see da MARO whipapeel nigga all RED joint
And has never disappointed me, so I'm sure it was probably just that particular associate who wasn't welltrained.
No Superman for this Halloween??
Both are cool but I think
my nig.
what it do!
Unfinished sentences and words left to say.
so hot in this room 
Ah.
Well good luck!
Pretty sure I've fractured at least one metatarsal.
And the earliest I can get in to see an ortho is Feb.
28?
What's the point?
Hey, does anyone have a favorite band/artist they'd like to share with me?
:
I miss you, come home to me already.
Damn we bout 2 have retweet party lets see how far this goes..lol
: As long as you're green, you're growing.
As soon as you're ripe, you start to rot.
Ray Kroc
Hello all!
our hosting service has been very bad with communication, we will be changing our hosting service this evening, sorry about delay
Today in my 9th grade classroom we discuss teen dating abuse and students were shocked to learn about red flags
I'd do just about anything right now, to get out of this traffic...
I'm not worried..
All Bent Out of Shapeby William Broad magazine Been doing all poses mentioned.4years.
I feel you.
I love Pip!
3
Courage is the power 2 let go of the familiar!
Please check our website blogs for more information, character descriptions and the latest updates at www.simboya.com
a big thx to all our new followers!
too many to list but we still love you
I'm goin' continental like breakfast.
no.
Lol it was just the three of us.
Taylor went to church with his girlfriend and her family.
Waitin on u lazy ass
thanks for the RT!
Life is but a doctoram...
don't forget to try to get to follow me!!!!
I'll love you to death if he starts following me!
If you engage in crazy, you will end up becoming one of them.
FYI
FAI underway, Memphis, tons of people, first showcase at 3:30 w MPress Records.
Good morning!
They shouldn't all be gone!
DM us your fave Zipcar home location and we'll see what we can do.
Someone boy kept pushing into my sister at the concert tonight and I turned around and yelled at the dude and he stopped..
Heh.
You are QUICK.
:
is still in her mifflin shirt
what taking food from childoctorn, get your head out of your ass
My neck hurt
This San Diegan is now totally allergic to SkewTs!
LOL.
I think I just twitched reading your tweet!
I Think I'm Getting Sick.
:c
Uniformed officers always get FREE coffee  cookies at Byrd!
Thank you for your service!
chicultural2012 3 Are there lessons learned from these instances?
Clues to people, places, how to get things done.
If your not married your really single
Vh1 just got cool again,
It's sad to watch my former papers die.
It's worse to see what it's doing to my former coworkers.
ABC shot an episode of new show You Deserve It in our dining room last night, benefiting a wounded warrior.
Episode airing Thxgiving time.
WANDA, i will go on one.
RT : Getting ready for Annual Student Presentation May 20!
See what our talented students achieved this year!
Details soon!
I'm giving up on everything bec I know u will never follow me ever ever ever and u will never tweet me.call me!8126791479
McQueary knows more.
The only logical reason to keep him on board.

Alice in Wonderland.
So is John Nobody Cares About Lauringaitis fired or not?
the preview for Moonrise reminded me of you even before I knew it was shot in RI.
Boats and the east coast and what not I guess.
Real love, loves first
: thanks for the RT, keep following!
that's good perspective!
Hope we sweep the Cubs again this weekendI'm going Sat  Sun and need to see my first MP win of 2012!
Hard to compare different eras.
Comparing Davis with other Freshman he is best ever without a doubt.
: That's GREAT!
RT : Im feeling today is one of those days for me :
how do i watch said episode?
i saw last season via netflix.
please don't say
Wow.
So he ends up getting a bigger deal from someone else and leaving Arky in a mess.
What a jerk.
yep.
but a large group was threatening to hack it.
maybe it has started.
Sound like me RT : Nigga said all I gotta do is give him da word amp; he gone murk dis nigga..
DAMN!
my girl does that shit all the time.
Love it!
3
um...leg....cramping....
too, much, studying.
Jason Best of at thank you for the quote for my entrepreneur article.
I really appreciate your help!
Killer Muaythai workout with coach Joe Garcia!
Gonna get me a knockout win come May 18th.
Sorry food duders, there will be no food dude tonight.
Stay tuned for updated info!
GoRangers!
Great to hear that the talk had some effect.
I was on the NP campus on Sat.
Let me know if you ever want to trade teaching ideas.
All the darkness of the world cannot extinguish the light of a small candle.
St.
Francis of Assis
Just heard back last night, after I sent that tweet.
Thx!
I'm gonna buy colored gel.
Blue, red, and green :3
From the Islam bibliography: Muslims' Place in the American Public Square by Zahid H.
Bukari et al.
, a project of Georgetown Univ.
Yes!
Isn't that great!!
We had an extremely busy day today.
Thank you for all the well wishes on the anniversary of our Senior Transitional Housing Program!
so odd that something of huge public benefit is viewed so suspiciously by individual orgs re:c ulture of licensing
Going to bed early , no goodnight texts, no falling asleep on the phone.
Just me , myself, and I.
The way it should be.
Ezra Masch is practicing right now!
His full performance will be on October 12 at 8 pm  write it down!
I heard a rumor that POTUS was in town today.
Can you confirm?
:
For some of the most unique art please have a look at
Mary J.
Blige  I Can See In Color  05:22 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
I'll be rooting for your Knicks.
i didn't think I still loved you, now that you're gone.
your a real teenager I'm so proud of you.
okay, good night :
Ah, the glamorous life of a game developer!
Good luck with the beta launch today!
What's the difference?
I am sure it is something subtle :
Man City is destroying West Brom
You know it!
Are you going to Duke of Perth tonight?
Well, free crappy signal beats pay crappy signal, which is what I've got now.
Pay strong signal would be preferable, tho.
About twothirds of the 1 Trillion student loan debt is held by people under 30.
Are you one of these people?
I am.
and you have nothing better to do then call me out on sharin my opinion.
this didnt involve you.
Bye
the giants will dominate 2day!!
i love you..
Going to watch The Hunger Games...
Alone
how long can i lease for 11 until i pay for the rest of it right ?
ahh SAT the good ole days
NO!!!
SIOBHAN MAGNUS SHOULD NOT HAVE BEEN VOTED OFF!!!
Michelle Trachtenberg in Take Me Home Tonight could do things to me that'd make me cry in the corner like a lil girl.
And I'd let her.
Chiana:After our talk, I have to agree tweeting is a much better way of marking my territory.
Tbh i wish.i could put u in.my pocket.
U could be my lucky charm ;
Perfect day.
They actually printed something I wrote as a comment?!
its not just about sex tho I dnt need sex if it get that bad I can get myself lol or a toy
You out of control
you heard wrong chief
I thought that gingerbread supported PersoArabic charactor's display.
EVO 4g's new update doesn't!
Why?
Strawberry  Banana Milk  Powdered Doughnuts, Bomb:
that don't surprise me and what u doing friday
This is modern airline travel a la Delta: check yourself in, pay to check a bag, and wait one hour in baggage line.
MACO after party bust.
Where are the artists?
We do our instruction facetoface, thus far.
We are considering Elluminate, though!
:p Eewww.....
RT Ceebeelah: Love is like a fart, if you have to force it; it's prolly shit.
Fascinating planet we live on.
So's mine haven't been on in months RT Dear people who follow me on : My life is boring.
I put that on everything
I wanna be up there with the stars so bad.
:
Sent out an email to the office, ten mins later get a phone call saying I gotta close it up, HR called one of our higher ups
Thanks for sharing!
CyberMonday!
One of the best holidays of the year...
:
i sent it out bro lets hope for the best
I wanted to ask for a picture so bad today on set, however I didn't want to come off like a crazy fan.
Hope you remember me!
: Earn a Lowes gift card with plantatweet while supplies last.
PlantWaterShareIt!
planted.it No purchase necessary.
So scared for the rest of the week
Shouldn't my bluetooth mouse work when it is like 2 feet from my laptop?
Keeps lagging.
Weird.
Please send to hello at magentalabs dot org.
Great link, Ray.
Brewer baked her brain if she ever had one...
Had to get the sides of my teeth sanded down a lil to make room for them to move...eek
Got my STD results in today!
CLEAN!!
Practice Safe Sex and get tested regularly!
OMG yes!
haha goin crazy their gonna kick me off watch.
wait for sunday football bahaha
Working on convincing my wife to allow us to live the rest of our lives back in CO waking up to the flat irons.
Let's see!
Hope u save some lost souls up there in New York, Tim Tebow, cuz brotha u ain't saving the Jets.
Should Nevada go for 2 after they score the inevitable TD...I say no.
Play for OT with the home crowd.
I do it large like 3X
If someday we all go to prison for downloading music, I just hope they split us up by the music genre
Thank you and for yet another fabulous event  flip cup tournament was a blast today!
Homophobes: that's that shit I don't like.
For the people marching on Wall Street: A job is NOT a right.
Capitalism DOES work and you Socialist Rhetoric is killing the movement
My thoughts exactly
Diggin' that lowdown, dirty Penn Station soundsystem jazz funk.
Ultimate praise!
: One of my students said this about me today: She is a book legend.
It made me smile.
.
a lot.
:
nah it was just a fun thing I left on that car.
Speaking of Mase...what about Cardan?
what about Herb McGruff?
Alia best not be grounded on Friday.
I might beat a nigga.
I beg to differ, SOME KINDS OF SUGAR are poisonRT : Sugar is poison.
Im picking up a ton of men's clothing on Monday....Im very excited Mia Every item I sell is hand picked by me!
Can I just say I love your Volkswagen Bus.
This Vodka knows how to have a good time!
Samba bus??
good feedback on the article so far...but FYI, we will never sell ANY alcohol.
working on possibility of BYOBor maybe BYO Keg!
i wanna puppeteer miss piggy.
First hour of free WiFi ran out, now back
Wow.
Feeling lucky to have the opportunity to work with so many incredible people
First caffeinated beverage in a month
Saturday  sleep in late.
Not happening this sat.
may next sat.
not true
Freakin love it!
What yeast strain?
I've nearly forgotten what it's like to have the back in the playoffs...but I like it!!!
physical therapy it's str8 Still in tech school tho
all day everyday gettin it in every way
Got a sol test 2morrow, lord smgdh
My grandma is yelling at me to redo an english assignment, I have an 80 in that class.
Win NationalPublicGardensDay contest prize w/photo of Tudor Place we'll give you a free membership.
Bring your camera free tomorrow!
Happy mother's day!
Young and old have a nice one!
Sure thing!
:
oh cool did ya get it done yet?
sounds awesome.
Shareable or are u just bragging.
:
By the way, a genius, or too onthenose, double feature would be a paring of THE BROTHERS BLOOM and THE DARJEELING LIMITED.
I Fucking Miss Y'all Though.
3
Just tweet me if you want a follow :
you better follow back bitch ;
At Diamonds South.
Cash flow
hey ABQ!
it's less than two weeks away from our show?
got tickets?
need 'em?
check www.rocktheink.net for details
Oh shit, I meant to turn off my email from getting notified each time somebody tweets me!!!
Q7 I cut.
Ripping fabrics scares me.
YAY!
You're like an engineer and stuff!
:
Tueday Tips, GO!
Come and get a Box of Tips, Large Fry, and 2 liter of Soda for 13.99.
Call 4143727666 for Delivery or Carryout
I gotta whole lot of music to make...this is life!
Packers' safety Nick Collins finished for the season
70 of internet traffic is video.
90 by 2013.
B.
Fallon quoting Cisco.
It's pretty sad how often I have to ask 'Does this person still work here?' before sending an email.
Ten bucks says Madonna presents the next award with an Iranian accent
Just ask the for a ride!Me.
B:I would but the based god doesn't come this way!

Do you have any suggestions for people looking at out of country medical procedures?
Medical Tourism destinations you might suggest?
gets a mention on
i think percussion finals got everybody sick.
i dont know of anybody that was there that isnt sick..
but totally worth it!!!
RT : Kenseth is feeling very refreshed and Zest fully clean in P5.
Look at those colors on top of the TV screen!
Let Laramee take care of me until they bury me.
Best country lyric on a very noncountry song today.
lmao omg.
Made my whole day!
Seek to establish YourSelf then Seek to Establish Others  Karen Armstrong
No other guy makes me as happy as , seriously..
overheard at work  i dont know the difference between a smart phone  a razor.
sadness cause my company has several apps
What does it mean that every time I try to write 'rehearsal' predictive text changes it to 'rehab'?
shot out to my homie about to put it down at Ol Miss this year Jk the professort is returning
you can't stop the waves, but you can always learn to surf.
Lets talk about putting condoms on
i'm in us history.
...almost got hit by a truck on my way to lunch.
I have decided to only use crosswalks now and breathe coffee all day.
I'm also against the NDAA, HR347, and govt reading emails or tracking cell location without a warrant.
yeah my big issue is the lumps these shots leave for days and the red marks and they itch like mosquito bites for days.
Watching on espn2, what a class act :
and what did we learn from this?
Can't wait to sing my new original song this weekend!
Anyone else?
Dhalgren tonight?
tonight the Holland Dobbins Little Big Band presents their jazz christmas program.
Starting at 8:00 at Tala Vera Cantina
Just In Time For Autism Awareness Month: The Childoctorn?s SPOT is Offering Integrated Speech, Occupational and ABA/BCBA Autism Therapy Se...
Playing upstairs at the Blue Nile tonight, 10:301!
Free to get in, come get funky with us!
Harry potter was definitely the beat ride ever
whatever happened to having good manners :
Injustice anywhere, is a threat to justice everywhere.
doctor Martin Luther King Jr.
No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience.
John Locke
will do!
Just seen avengers wit Shit was dope
Hanging out w/ Thank you for providing Awesome transportation to downtown
I get all my protein from avocado
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
44
whats going on
So sorry for your family's loss.
change is always bad!!!
thanks 4 shout out im following u follow back ;
Way ahead of ya!
Have you visited my website, lately?
Thanks!
Hilarious!
Here's hoping he doesn't keep that promise of not letting it happen again.
Fridays are my best friend 
Just saw Actor in Paris movie theater.
The movie is phenomenal.
I don't let a dude smash on an important night and I get ignored, sucks to be the chill laid back pot head girl cool with everyone...
Teaching indoor cycling at Delta Fitness at 6:00 am Thursday morning.
Y'all come!
you can touch a lot of people here, my dear!
xox
Why would the Steelers just let Mike Wallace go so easy!
They better do what the can to keep him!
I don't hate you!
my doctorams make no sense
D'oh!
Didn't realize.
But I should've.
As the Census Bureau knows, I got three Latinas living in my house!
cc
Reason to connect with recruiters varies...do you need to ask ?
before you apply to decide if job is right for you?
ass so fat i need a
Going back home to the land of the Sandy Beaches, Palm Trees, Blue Ocean, Sunshine,  Happiness...
FLORIDA!
Yeah, well, I guess we should be glad it's not South Carolina or Florida.
Don't spoil what you have by desiring what you don't have.
Remember, what you have now was once just something you hoped for.
After some great rain in LA comes breathable air...take a deep breath ppl won't last long
All of a sudden, everything had to suck.
Best meeting quote of the week.
The new BC album is too same sounding for me, I think.
Not much variation between songs.
I'll probably grow to love it tho
I hate watching Republicans and most importantly Boehner...embrace reality and let's get on with making our kids life better
I may be a turtle, but I finish the race.
haha, yes.
I'd be the same way.
Hope it doesn't happen to anyone else.
trust me nigga, I DO lol
andoctora I have for you already voted 10 times my friends with me now and you can click on follow me please please please
is swinging tonight w/ Orquesta De Kache.
Come get your salsa on!
Bout to take the stage for our second set.
Annie: The crazytown in your hair will go away as soon as I finish brushing it.
AbeBooks totally replied to my tweet
Sure not 2 make her seem elitist?
RT : Scott Brown on why he calls Warren professorssor: she's a professorssor, she's earned the title
One of the greatest music festivals is the great all mighty SXSW
Very excited for our 5 day for tomorrow!
5 of the days sales from Pearl and Fremont will go this emergency pet food bank.
wanted Senior technical artist  A developer  for more info contact .uk
on the verge of homicide atm.
I'd've been better off in class with that girl lol
SW Exclusive w/
i said i didnt want to go to school my mom says learn something for once
Check the LifeStyle
oh hey bro.
handshake
You have excellent vocals.
Me gusta.
i tweet hard
Today starts with remote support of clients in Denver, Newark, Dallas, and Atlanta.
wow your inbound marketing presentation was awesome.
no they were romney thugs.
Aight!
I'm about to call it a night, but I've got an idea or 2.
Basically I can share my own sticking points.
Hit u in the am!
Getting pumped up and ready to Launch or new series of Retrain , Rebuild  Renew classes!
What would YOu like to see?
Suggestions?
If ain't shit changed by midnight I'm done crying I'll just have to admit it it's true
can not wait to get out of this hell you call school.
FLORIDA HERE I COME.
3
80 I bet you need a map just to get around :
ill see when I can:
ha ha nah, just a normal day here lol we laughed
Morning service Nice!!
will attempt to get back on twitter
.
Thanks for the retweet!
so proud of you!
If Bobby Petrino were caught with Castro as his motorcycle passenger, would he have to apologize?
AH you're right!!!
Take a look at the Boilerplate theme?
in Havertown.
I'm ready for spring!
WHO THE FUCK TOOK MY oh..there it is.
Seeing my best friend today whom I haven't seen in over a year!
So excited!!
i love you and paul.
honestly the cutest couple, so precious
Our generation rocks.
:/
Are they opening?
Neat!
Love them.
...on the bright side: clearing out a lot of my backlog on retouching!
Ready for a productive shoot tomorrow!
:
this is adorable
Hey thanks for following me!
I followed back!
Thats gotta hurt.
i love nitro circus
Am I the only one who doesn't have a famous follower?
..
Nasty traffic on the 805 north, if you're trying to get the 15...beware!!
u know where's dicks sporting goods in cary is?
Would LOVE to not be working right now and instead be in the SD sunshine!
But, hey, I'm grateful I have a job..so thank You, Lord!
Feel like such an ass.
It was 65 out today so didnt wear a jacket out.
Now sittin in my car outside locked out bc keys were in my jacket :
30's are AMAZING years.
Happy Birthday!
You're amazing 3
im not fucking perfect, i make mistakes too.
ihatepeople !
InstantTurnOn guys who KNOW about cars!!
Way to go James!
I always knew you were a terrific Dad!
I'm sure he thinks so too!
Have fun.
:
S/O to for being the 300th follower check out his reverbnation page and download his music!
Fascinating seminar with the American Brass Quintet this morning  incredible commitment to contemporary music over a fifty year span.
Anger Sharks.
it's a suitable occupation for you!
Only if you wear the plaid though.
If this is what its going to be.
.
.
.
i dont think Im game.
Thx for following!
Be sure to check out for all of your mktg, adv, pr and graphicdesign needs.
Let's get it
crafting with human nuggets at the coop today.
wish me luck.
The Rolling Stones, the Beatles, U2, Nirvana, Motley, Van Halen, Radiohead, doctoram Theater, Led Zeppelin, The 77s
what up bra i talked tomike bigga and i got a photo at 559 holla back
One more follower and I promise I'll go study....
fuck bitches get money :
i've been tryin to get to follow me.....but he hasn't noticed me
Leaving my dads house heading home saw 4 deer outside just starring at me
Is the Wichita area having Internet cable problems???
No announcement on phone or website!
I finally got one like 2 weeks ago.
Best thing I've ever spent my money on: hana
i'v never cried this much before :'
Movie Monday: Did you see a great movie this weekend?
We'd love to hear about it.
Share with use here:
I'm a throw it at ya, can you catch it!!?
ooh exciting!
No decisions yet on that!
Thanks for the warning!
Well done, Manchester City!
Great finish!
Always weird to listen to Paradise by the Dashboard Light when the sun is out.
Pedicure time!
BecauseOfFacebook I know everyones problems and where they are
Awesome show today w/Robert Kaplan!
To sum it up, revolve your world around your customer  more customers will revolve around you
Love You!
This is stupid weather.
Rain.
Hail.
Enough.
All that we see or seem is but a doctoram within a doctoram.
Everyday is a get your money up day
Happiness is getting to spend time with my kids....and them being happy about it!
As YOU do, Elizabeth!
: I love your Spanish version of Skyscraper.
In fact, I think I'll tweet it!
;
We're looking forward to ushering in the first of the 136 new clean diesel buses with tomorrow.
55 will arrive in 2012!
Awesome.
No humility required!
lol ok I was like spit it out Aubrey lol
haha no not at all he makin me mad cuz I love OKC and he jacking lol
you and me both!
I think we got jailed at the same time!
Alright Aztecs, let's show these ACC haters what's up!
yea definitely.
When do you want to make the song?
right back atchu buddy :
has discovered Sima Rabinowitz's review of ALPHABET OF THE WORLD, the new book of translations.
Comprehensive and timely, for sure:
Being around my soccer team has become like 2nd nature
Finding true love is hard so when youdo find it ...
Dont give up on it.
Love aint perfect.
You not either.
So deal with the negative things
don't get me started on this :
Yeah!
His team blew a 22 pt lead to my DukeBlueDevils Made up for it next yr by winnin title
S/O to all new followers.
You are appreciated : Spread the word.
Prodigy Groupe is now accepting new clients.
Email for consultation.
Breakthrough in Puerto Rico!
Fun!
But, we are building a new school here as well!
Leave it better than when we came!
Excited for worship this AM  TPC.
After an INCREDIBLE week in Haiti I LOVE being at my home church!
I get that.
I'm pretty entertaining.
Program Team meeting.
In need of a serious coffee run!
next time let's get crazy and watch a talkie!
Alison Hinds, Red Hot Flames, Iwer George, Benjai, Talpree, Skinny Fabulous  much more.....keep it locked.
Here at my throne.
:
how would it be in their interest to talk to JCK?
Their customers don't read it.
I'll have doctornks though :
same same same.
I wish your schedule wasn't so crazy so I could come visit or you could come down here!
you know you've been in europe too long when people outside are speaking english and you don't understand it.
: thanks for the follow :That's supercool that a tv reporter writes back for following.Impressed
goodnight twitter world KENNY FUCKEN POWERS IS ON NEW VIDEO WILL BE UP TOMOROW
Now is the time to get in the best shape of your life!
It is almost summer time!
If not now, when?
msg me for details
BieberOnTheVoice He is amazing and very blessed in the looks department;
No really, I am ok.
Nothing specifically is bothering me.
Onions just make me really, really sad.
Glad you came out last night!
You'll be here for Halloween, right?
; 
Yes !!
To another day of life !!
Yes to a bless life : morning dudes
yo dude!
What's going on??
I didn't know the NFL also had a Big Baby Davis??
Nice tears Vernon!
Go 9ers!
why?
what happened to u?????
Ready for Community Manager Appreciation Day on Jan 24, 2012?
Thank ur CMAD in blog posts, tweets, cupcakes, beer, or BaconHugs :
prayers coming your dad's way.
Standing outside a stadium in a circle with coworkers who are talking about doctornking.
are you in vero?!
thanks for hanging out at the chicken
Ooh, found a Kansas City brewed beer in my fridge.
Perfect for the MUKU game.
what who is Nate????
Bloomberg NOT GUILTY......smh.
Why so surprised?
u ok
hi whats up
I'm looking for an option that won't involve you at all.
it's like im making it obvious and he just can't see it...
Thanks for coming out last night!
Got mad people saying good things about the sit in!
inbox me
Going to try for a blog posty thing on the end of the semester and meeting Charlaine Harris before heading home for the vacation.
Nobody ever made me feel this way I must stick with you
We stopped in briefly...it looks like you had a full house.
Nice job!
now i am heading to cedar point to go have fun
I would kill for an icee right now!
Be able to be alone.
Lose not the advantage of solitude, and the society of thyself.
Thomas Browne
File complaint in space provided: There's an empty patch Where my gold star ought a be  Metaphorically
that's really weird, not sure what's going on there.
Thanks though, I'll check it out.
Hope you enjoy your cookies.
getting ready for wedding rehearsal in sl
Bertucci's photo shoot this Friday!
Shooting The Other Woman with the talented Paul S.
next weekend!
shoot!!
See how Mike miller walks now????
That's be Kobe in year 22 aka yr 20!
Hey Orlando Rep supporters LA Acting Workshop is offering acting  voice workshops in Central Florida become our FB fan and find out more!
My heart goes out to Kiesha
Yep, thanks We feel so violated ...
every chance I get to see him, it always gets ruined...
:/
RT : Look over your shoulder and tell your past: It's over with!
I'm just tryna pee..
Once again...
Kobe!!
ha ha.
I recently thought the same thing!
More Bielema mental errors in big games...see a pattern here??
Didn't get this far being stupid
well its like saying its not the normal game of checkers, its super bloody
Photo shoot time!
So excited for this senior shoot!
awhhhh!
Call me in a while.
....
TWEETING!
and thinking of some great deals to offer my followers
Vault is poppin is killing it!
Lol
It's very important to have the right clothing to exercise in
Thanks brotha man!
I'm as cool as a penguin ;
saw u today.....
nothing was on the counter 10 years ago!
That's the sad thing.
OK maybe some doctorkkar cologne, but that's IT!
hahaha
I've decided I'm going to keep wearing my naturalhair in 1 style...
until I master the style and technique...
Up first the twist out.
Day got a little bad, but then replied :
Thanks for the Shoutout!
Thank you thank you ..I know that's what I meant RT : lol nah its cause you had mad stain
Holy crap!
Another timesucking appand I only have a 34!
Low status now quantified!
I gave K about Comedy on
RIP Irvin Kershner.
Empire Strikes Back is still the best of all the StarWars films.
Oh my gosh!
Can I have some?
Haha!
I love salmon!!
: I had a grilled chicken salad.
missed ya last night!
Niall from one direction is not ugly he is PERFECT !!!!!the way he is 3.
If you think otherwise keep it to yourself :D
so all time NBA history milestone for KG but he is not granted as a winner on todays fix, good to know your standars...
YouTube has a new homepage.
We like it.
How do you like it?
I keep forgetting about twitter...
Weird since everyone and their mom is using this thing..
I'm too good at this rap shit
as long as you go for the spurs!
How do you enquire about Sabine's beshatted wall?
Try reordering the sentence for emphasis.
I believe that there are two kinds of people in this world: those who pay attention to the 140 character limitation on twitter and those who
Ain't no shame in that
lol.
I don't know anything.
Cuts off his beard RT : I'll be giving the last 2 copies of MLB12TheShow!
RT  answer: What does the man in the wheelchair do?
Great combo night.
Everyone played really well.
Feels good to play jazz!
LOL!
: Eddy: Have you eaten something?
Patsy: No.
Not since 1973.
AbFab
Solar flares!
How do I get these fake tweets to stop
is austin in love?!
i gave up one weeks deed!!!
Where should I watch the mayweather fight tomorrow in NYC?
I'll sleep when I'm dead.
Glad they got it right.: Fan backlash wins out 4 Danny O'Brien.Edsall admits mistake, can now focus efforts on making Terps better
The more you hide your feelings, the more they show.
The more you deny your feelings, the more they grow.
Who has asked more questions at the gambling panel: moderator or ESPN's ?
We  WI.
Love from
I knew Tupac was alive.
Now where Biggie at!?
But for real i want to create a hologram of people now.
I Want Bottles In The Crib Just To Have.
Never know When You'll Come Home From  Hard Day On The Job
7 months from today I'll be 19 , am I really happy with what I accomplished so far?
More improvement is needed
3 out of 3 in my bracket so far.
I was definitely meant to be born in America.
the Tweetup is a gathering of SI twitter followers.
We are going to tour the storage facilities  discuss SI social media.
Many thanks to round two of practice tweeters it up!
So many shows coming up!
Get stoked!
lol wut.
I didn't make a hate account against you
just being put down for being a guy who likes ariana
What would be the most horrifying sight for a tree?
I'm guessing the inside of a
Starships are meant to fly.
I have to take Miles to the Vet, he won't stop throwing up.
:
doctorke is such a handsome guy!
The word cute does not fit him.
Jaguar game : good luck to all the players 3
Listing what you're willing to be dependent on the gov't for doesn't make you less dependent on the gov't.
Such a beautiful day I decided to walk the dog.
:
thank you Prem Group for the order for the casey building friday..
Everyone Have a Great day!!!
Visit www.Gemcuisine.com
: they were long but it went great, thanks!
: when do we get to see them :
Daylight saving time sunday.Trying going to bed 20 minutes early to avoid difficulties adjusting.
Get up early on Monday  call 8813449!
aww miss you too!!!
Hopefully we get to see you soon :
I follow back!
Follow me like Dorothy followed the yellow brick road!
My wish has come true on 11:11 /3 wish wasted on i hate that kid now!!
HPT uses instructional technologies to improve the performance of individuals, staying closely aligned with organizational goals.
Thank you Cheeze!
I can't wait to be with the dakilang nanays soon!
Just tapped Rahr Whiskey Warmer and Ommegang 3 Philosophers!!!
and if he doesn't like your question he will rip your head off and feed it to the reporter who asks the next bad question
great, I'll type up the questions over the weekend  just respond when you can.
Send me a DM with ur emaill addy
i told my family the tuhincarryinggermangirl'sentirelifeinasuitcaseoverhisheadinbarcelona story tonight
Took the mirror above my bed down.
I didnt wanna chance it getting knocked down by the thunder.
You didn't tell me I got a cool video of my X3 being built in SC!
Awesome and going on the blog.
: cc
that is to funny man!
Love it!
The Elon Jazz Ensemble will b playing 2day  Grove.
Free show, doors open at 6pm.
Bring a chair.
We'll, of course, have food  wine 4 sale.
GMEN ALL DAY BRAH...LETS GO IN!!!!
haha true that
poor Angie.
Go Cardinals?
okay girly!
Hopefully Rose will have some good parties coming up then we can go.!
haha.
:
So need a night out!!
Who wants to go??
Hahahah, well you my friend are very wrong..
He's not distracting hes just got his hotdog out waiting.
I hit u back yesterday, but fasho, I ll hit you lata 2day and we can schedule a meet
can i get a shoutout?
SISTER WIVES is on..
It's kite weather in Chicago  a little windy, a little chilly, a little sunny.
definitely winestorming tonight There may not even be a glass involved...
I'm looking forward to it already!
need some mojo
ONE DIRECTION BETTER COME SOMEWHERE IN WASHINGTON!
I don't care the time, place, or cost...IM GONNA GO.
Good time to give into peer pressure.
Earth Hour tonight: RT 830pm I'll turn off all my lights to conserve energy.
Will you?
Thanks but um...
yeah.
Look at how I have things playing out from here and...
you'll know why I need some miracles to happen.
Goodnight Twitter fam.
Let's do lunch soon!
Are you near Union Station at all?
Wrath of the Crows ninja!!!!!!
Oh wait am I missing something going on tonite
Ahaha!
I have found a way to have access to my friends withour using facebook on this mountain!
thank you
Thanking God for this opportunity!
LOLOL : : Don't lose someone you love over your pride...
hacked you booski?
I only know iron maiden from bill and teds excellent adventure.
put them in the iron maiden!
Excellent execute them bogus
give him credit for
I approve of any time when Monty Python can be used in academic discussions.
During this morning's commute, my husband told me he wants a Kindle Nook Glow.
I asked, Which one?
He responded, A Kindle Nook one.
Harriet  it would be illadvised
I miss you :
Ugh just realized tweet from scene in W.
Baltimore shooting went to doctorfts earlier..
yes I did..
And I thought I was obsessed with him
thanks!
How do you insert icons?
and go to school sleep and play and eat .....hahaha
well im not there.
I watched it with my parents, but it was fun!
: Im loving having a winning season so far!
Its more fun.
How many women are wearing boots at this party?
It must be more than 50.
I finally found u lolz
Too many fine women out today
Read my info wrong.
Missed my flight check in by 2 min.
75 charge and 3 hour wait now
Looking for a job?
don't know what you want to do?
might be able to point you in the right direction
WILSON'S HOT TAMALES 15652 Euclid ave cleveland ,Ohio 2162492659PARTY AT RICHMONDQUEENS SLICE BAR LOUNGE
time for record 2 bro!
This May Day, celebrate May Day by explaining to me what May Day is for
its wonderful
Well done to on today.
And wall art rocks!!
Why the Midwest is great for startups: Lower cost of living.
Thank you, It's been good so far.
Last day of MCAS ever
Batman: The Animated Series may hold up the best out of any past cartoon.
I am so sick of this moody la weather.
: Food Factory.
What is that!?!
it sounds like a place i need to know.
The sea, the great unifier, is man's only hope.
Now, as never before, the old phrase has a literal meaning: we are all in the same boat.
is that is disguise?
now following
You don't remember me?
It's me Stephanie the massage therapist and I'm also Vee and dents cousin, I use 2 come over your house
What makes you beautiful  Boyce Avenue cover 
Srry.
Did I scare ya?
Next time I go to LA um getting my marijuana prescription
Best.
Remanufactured.
Transmissions.
LOL G LIFE
giants went after williams kid, saying they knew hed been concussed,went after vick after he got bell rung in ATL/broke his hand
ofcourse i'm going to the front door for you..
I'm going from Holland to Miami to see you!
This summer!
you have a job?
That's amazing!!
:D
About to play at the autumn cafe, stop by!
Somehow blame for this loss will all be pinned on LeBron while Wade continues to skate by with no ramifications.
: i cant be a hypeman.
nothing authentic about all that self promotion
question  are you dudes going to the beach for memorial weekend?
Ahh the Earthbound sketchbooks are one of our favorites!
Glad we could spoil you!
Thanks for shopping with us!
thanks for the leads!
back to reality
Getting ready for the final round of The Players in between taking my Kompany shirt off and slipping into my new Schweinsteiger.
are you really??
Why
The significant problems we face cannot be solved with the same level of thinking we used to create them.
LOL!
Thanks.
Ain't nothin changed about me though, besides my facial hair :
beautiful, beautiful redesign :
he has a spaulding look going!
50 bucks he eats it
Awesome can't wait to officially meet you all and interview you !!!!!
D
I was honored to visit the Habs site and see me as the background.
Then I realized it changes everytime you click
She lied :/ never got shit from her
follow me back please :
love you too.
id very much love a catch up as well!
You are appreciated!
Excited to check out some films at the International Film Festival this weekend!
Let me know if you want to go!
Sleeping every class 
Brew at the Zoo at with music acts, unlimited beer tastings?
Hhmm, never been there but May 26th just got marked on my calendar.
Wow, half of the weekend is already missing.
Bummer.
Criminal Mischief:  Clay Today Online
Why do you linger over inessential melancholies?
K Celtics let's start playing
I'm listening to this you got an ear for talent...
sheezzz
picked up some beats pro for the studio
Just remember this when we finish 3844.
Oh, now that cracks me up, A true 'Rogues' gallery!
well you couldn't have the
AJStream The US went into Iraq with false intelligence.
The data is not theirs to keep.
1 step away from issuing patches to Iraqis.
Thinking about you!
Are you halfway across the country yet?
I can't wait to hear about your new job!
Can't wait to apply to this summer!
I miss y'all too!
3
One right and honest definition of business is mutual helpfulness.
William Feather
No problem!
: If you get any other kind of tea there is a brand named yogi and they have a tea called Throat Comfort it
welcome to my newest followers...glad you're here
Kat, you always know how to give me a proper star fucking!
yeah watever, I didn't read the one last year or the year before so..
I'm just so not ready for school lol
Set up time for data mining.
Don't assume that the answers you pull from your surveys will be obvious.
that is one of my faveee songs of all time.
so good!
Same here : I have aboard on pinterest where I collect what I want it to feel like.
Now to just bring it all together :
Im so happy did not ive been screamin randomly 4 a realy long tym cuz i was confused :
Blasting Jonas Brothers music cus I'm cool like that B 
You've got all these thoughts running through my head.
I could sleep all day
Are We Really That brilliant?: FixaFlat WARNING: Do not weld can to rim.
How long until someone puts out Survivor: Recall or Big Brother: Recall?
Is your painter brushing you off?
That's not how we roll!
On time and on budget and with pride.
txla is winding down.
Great show!
You are very welcome.
Thanks for a worthwhile post.
DTLA How many coffee sleeves have you seen today WITHOUT your brand message on them?
We can solve that issue...
Oh, snap.
RT : Q: Are you going to the Gamification Summit?.
Answer: No, we're building an actual game instead.
We're here at the Meetup, looking forward to announcing our first meeting!
play bob  slim thug so high please ASAP
Thanks for the follow, Wyatt.
I get a kick out of how NASCR fans are campaigning 4 sponsors 4 their doctorvers.
They seem to work in packs.
Cc
Brush my hair, i know you care.
Happy Admin Pro Day to all those who work diligently to keep their managers, supervisors, or companies running smoothly!
Verona's Tyler Reinecke, Waunakee's Zach Gaugert and Madison Memorial's Brad O'Louglin all finished at 113.
Teeing off for playoff.
The fastweather APP on my phone says the storm will likely END in a few hours, followed by HOT weather.
Got my skyline fix.
One of the best parts about coming home
Well, i suppose that's that.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
Excited to see my babe in december and to spend the holidays in seattle with my fiances family :
The better question is, how do they let people know it's the real deal after telling them beforehand it's just a doctorll?
Missin you insane!
:
Gasp!
Say it ain't so?
LOL It boggles my mind when people think writing is the hard part of the job.
It's the EASY part.
It's true, I'm not good enough.
I don't really get the stuff they say on cnn.
But i'll work, get so much smarter.
I can be perfect for you.
The opening reception was attended by over 1700 peeps!
Here are shots from the event: tinyurl.com/3qknv6m The exhibit continues thru 10/23.
RT and Follow if you love Tshirts, Tank Tops, beaters , Hats and Hoodies!
Thanks!.......
You seem lost, the argument is that the Romney incident is strange for America, the Obama incident is normal for Indonesia.
World Series Of Boxing Tonight!
The Fillmore Hotel Miami, Beach 1700 Washington Ave.
7:30 PM ET CONTACT ME FOR MORE DETAILS
boring and good at the same time i havent went to school since friday and i was at the doctor for a long time :/
Depending on the situation, speaking on the use of the word might be life threatening, but you don't have to be smiling.
Awesome.
Wheel just came off trailer I'm pulling.
Stopped in middle of road now.
6090 min for a wrecker...
BTW..u have a follower...yaaaayyy
but it increases the amount of people with health care and how does tht take away jobs??????
Up and In!
RT HOW TO: Get Your CRE Property Brochures In The Cloud and on your iPad for Vegas
hey lady!
Working on it....how are you doing??
How is that not a balk??
Strangest thing I've ever seen a pitcher do from the stretch.
NP Jaheim  Put That Women First 
I have done it with wet n wavy which is the popular look, I work with milkway and black diamond the most
naw bro we fell asleep.
that ITIS kicked in.
nah you wish;P
just received another 4 star rating from Charity Navigator!
Good works, folks!
yes sir he is
That's awesome!
Hahaha.
For a second, I thought you were coming back to TN.
happy bday have a good one
Flashbacks are all I've got to look forward to.
Foggy day at the Capitol w/ Marie, , Liz, and Zach.
Finishing up Oly tapes for
Eric's having nachos for breakfast...he's slowly turning into me.
Muhahahaha
Eyes heavy....
Let's go to Chicago...
Fuck it!!!
It's still early lol
haha you love our old logo, don't you?!
I don't think we will ever rerelease anything from that shoot.
Sorry dude!
Just left ACT im feeling a lil better than before but we'll how long dis lasts.
thank you!
Hope you are doing great today!
Yeah, not so clear w/ ID, or IT or Ed Psych, or whatever.
Mine is IT how confusing is that?!
Thanks for all ur hard work.
Looks f'ing beautiful!
well that's me.
Lol but yea man!
How bout tomorrow we meet up!?
We offer our customers towing to our facility, 24 hours a day seven days a week, through a partnership with AAlbuquerque Towing.
Ugh!
School I don't wanna go today:/
Say hi to Juan Pelota for me.
Increasing inequality; climate change; irregular battlespace are all contributing to security issues
...back to work tomorrow 
my sister just walked the stage.
almost done with graduation.
the dinner at the parents.
i need a doctornk.
I guess it's possible that you could have wireless in your cave.
Not sure about the cell phone reception.
Our doctormmer Andoctorw lives in L.A.
now.
West coast friends, please give him a warm welcome!
3
what show?
Meeting with some homeowners today to discuss what's involved with doing a short sale.
RT : Best score on TV: Legend of Korra.
Clever stylistic mashups, great orchestration  luscious melodies.
Sometimes you just get tired of everything.
I feel sick..
lol I know .
Why aren't you texting me ?
u famous n u really just put out dis song n think its bout to fly
no, no, no.....a burst pipe destroyed our records is more likely ....
put your  on that!
I just saw someone with a HORRIBLE new haircut and I think my face gave it away.
That Question He Asked Today Wuhhzz.....
EVERYTHING
was in vienna last month!
missed it!!
no!!!
Does anyone have a good site for Triathlon and Running tips?
Looking to read up and prepare for the race
Sean McGarrity I have 2 more spots in South Jersey.
Looking for C ASP .Net Oracle Developers.
Did I mention they were permanent?
As in 
lol sorry i ruined our streak I couldn't guess yore doctorwing !
thanks!
It ran in all the metro papers.
woot woot.
Ps Secaucus blows, and so does this noisy, stale smoke smelling hotel room.
Where's a good pair of red, ruby slippers when ya need 'em?
Do you have a link to the MLS live stream?
Nicely done, !
miamidade budget hearing speakers supporting the Arts!!!
Happy Birthday!!
Thank you so much for the retweet!
hahaha.
I'm gonna miss you sir
Heading back to the office to prep my clients family one last time before our final hearing tomorrow...
Wish us luck!
So I have been officially given a new nickname by the beautiful Ms Troia, since I am always calling her Lite Brite  Glow Worm
Guys I just really love The Parent Trap...
Were you the person connected to my iTunes library via Home Sharing today?
Wondering because I have that CeeLo song as well.
I think I am one...
I miss real hip hop.
I don't like this crap they got out now
he's not fluid laterally and lacks quickness.
He's a straightline athlete.
Glorified gunner.
Lacks instincts/anticipation.
thats wass up!
Im getting the car and going to prom !
xD
Merry Christmas 2 everybody.
Hope u and ur families have a blessed one.
Well, I am certainly glad I did NOT decide to sell everyone on our staff on Delicious so they'd stop using IE for the bookmarks.
Sigh.
Tminus 4 hours until my showdown with history.
Bring it.
Yes!
I met with Brittany and I look forward to collaborating more with all of you and actually meeting you IRL 1 day as well!
In much need of some fun and upbeat moods.
Here at the yailyard till 5am.
With no one to watch the sunrise with and haave breakfast
K , i REALLY hate when people bring up my past ..
yeah i made mistakes ?
But OhWell ...
Ain't regretting none of it ..
So FuckYou .
Sometimes it seems ChaCha knows more than Google...
.
While you give Love grief, just remember that Pretty On The Inside still kicks the shit out of anything you've done.
blah.
Sorry, bud.
Go back to bed.
An overturned truck spills 18 tons of yogurt onto the highway
Glad it worked out.
Enjoy your caffiene buzz!
if a man with pink hair wins the main event I will move to france  open a refrigerator magnet shop!!!
you are the GREATEST!!!
I have nipples, Greg.
Could you milk me?
Laying out pool side!
:
Yup bus went out of service after a block at 15th and U.
Cab it is.
Why u reteetin me y'all played us
Working nights on a film can doctorve you insane but in a good way...so much to learn
tomorrow u should come over
please never stop making music.
thanks for the mention with
Best of luckz in the BetterWithUTour!
Love u xoxo.?
police an dey will go through d da ab supena ur ip ill sue u 4 everythang u have u fuckeddddddddd up now u hava nice day now
Just got home from Olive Garden, but this time it wasn't nearly as last time.
I might be getting annoying,but I really want to know if you guys plan on coming to Chicago this new tour?PLEASE ANSWER!!!
Four wins in five games.
The Reds are really starting to look better.
I'm gonna end up beating the shxt out of somebody tonight
Satisfaction will be performing at the Historic Plaza Theatre in El Paso Texas May 6th  8:00pm.
RT u have no idea how much I like u, how much u make me smile, how much I love talking to u, or how much I wish u were mine.
Cat kept me up all night cuz he wanted outside at 3am and I would not let him.
He's at the vet now being neutered.
I Fuck His Bitch  Yo Bitch  Da Same DAMN TIME
I love those moments with my dad that people walk by and give us dirty looks so we try to do the same faces as them lmao: good times
and remember m is to m 
i was watching how is making a change and thats just incredible i was crying just to see how kind he is3
So many annoying people.
I'm going to Be on the News to night at 10pm so tone in
We never did catch up.
Any opportunity to work with you to fill that newly created opening marketing with the Rays?
Thanks.
: says you look like the Red Ranger from Power Rangers Jungle Fury  Well, he does!!!
I like this website
Is your grad night, Prom, Ball or Wedding coming up?
Makeup should always be done professorssionally.
Inbox me to request and appointment
Dissident case poses test for U.S.China diplomacy
You must have misunderstood me....WHEN do you think he'll lose WABC?
I want a date.
Done with I or mine.
Same as pleasure same as pain.
whose your team
I love promethazine uma codeine fiend
That math seems correct to me!
Awesome!
We shall slay in honor of your loss of evenings.
RT : RT : Brewers will wear throwbacks tomorrow.
Last Friday home game every month.
NICE!
Thanks so much for the follow!
Tonight was absolutely incredible.
I can't wait til April 3rd!
Chunk!
No, captainin Chunk!
Burgess clearly hasn't interviewed doctor Sha's JMS 481 class.
We could match any liberal arts major's inquisitiveness.
JMS481
1 coffee after 3pm!
Come try our sledgehammer blend
DON'T DO TOO MUCH.
you guys are dorks
yea it is
Happy Mother's DaY!!!
May your day be sweet!
I can't enjoy my paycheck being on time this week because I'm still mad about all the previous ones being late.
WOW 76's beat Bulls!!
I'm in a good mood :D
haha aw!
Man i'll watch it one of these days haha.
I watched when she had to choose between Gosling  Garfield
We'll get through this, damn it!!!
s/o
Never fails, everytime I head out door in my padded cycling shorts, my kids ask Seriously, you are going in public wearing those?
Bruno Mars is putting on an impressive show!
Those little girls on RHONJ are out of control.
trying to figure out why there are so many tweets.
to them, they will most likely be talked out of it.
I know that if my cousin showed any signs that he was going to do this, we would've
There is not one sufficient reason anyone can give me as to why gay marriage would negatively affect anyone or anything.
Nothing to loose
trust is lik a mirror...u can fix it if its broken but u can still see a crack n dat motherf....n reflection
god i know.
rADIO FUCKING DISNEY IS FUCKING HAVING HER ON THE SHOW.
shiiiiit
Foo Fighters is the one band on my bucket list i've yet to see live.
Grohl does every song like it is his last.
love it.
can't wait.
Was told would have an answer on the 30th, called today  7 people later now told I have to wait 2 more days.
Heading for the Denver area for the next few days.
Apparently it snowed there yesterday.
Goodbye spring, hello winter.
gee your lucky.
Those alive ones are a bitch to get out
Suffering through a massively boring pitch about a reasonably good product.
Thanks for coming Brian.
Good to see you.
Have a great night.
hopefully!
Down with Evil!
Maybe that is why unadulterated love has not found its way to the street.
Blessings to those who are spiritually liberated.
I'm moving out this summer.
You come to the real Chicago and crash at my place!
Haha.
Then, I'll make the trek down to IU.
I said GIANTS!
YEAH BABY never saw your tweet sorry
Imagine: Austin: I really like this girl...
You: Come on Austin, Just tell her.
Austin: I love you 
quick question: why not put A Collinsworth deep on punts?
Wouldn't he help flip field position?
go irish
today was a long day!.
Check out my website see my new photos www.yourworldphotos.com
Thank you , , and for your time and great information this morning.
yea!!
LUV Betty!
: Hello Twitter!
And they said it would never happen.
Oh wait, that was me.
thinking everyone hates you and you're just the center of this big sick joke
I love when Nashville guys get played in Chicago coffee shops.
Ten out Tenn.
Proud of Music City
I sorta made a silly fool of myself, and it was FUN!
SMCSea cc
Common sense doesn't often seem to enter into historical interpretation.
My friends are so nuts...
I love em'
The People Vs.
Mike Wickett
Haha, that's a good starting place!
Girlyy, study time just started.
I think the 16 gb is more than enough!
my parents just got back and they said go bye and left again to go hung out with some friends
US markets open in 20 minutes showing strong gains initial jobless claims may be seen as some good news in a volatile period for
No..
I do eat fish, eggs, dairy.
Have a slightly complicated medical history which is part of the issue...
I like when you do this; 1st Marlins new park now PNC; nice work
At Barnes  Nobles on N.
Rock working on my sermon.
Question: In your life, what has caused you to walk away from God?
And once again is the MOST intelligent person in the room I bet...seriously!
Found 1 roomie, now I need another.
ANYONE?
3 bed 2 bath by SDSU, gated complex, 500  utilities.
leaving twitter for awhile till you all chill out and stfu
Yep...MixNationwide is sounding hot right now
Closed today, but Appalachian Granny will be baking Lemon Meringue Pies fresh at Acme tomorrow!
Order yours!
6147322803
congrats to you both.
Good work to be done here.
Ahaha Crazy How Ah Nigga Barly Kno Ah Bitch Not Even Ah Week Now But On Ha Side TF Outta Here !
Tired as fuck.
Hoping that tomorrow is bullshit free or I might go off.
Kuroda with a gem for the Yanks today, 8 innings, 6 strikeouts.
Glad I picked him up for the spot start!
: You're in high school.
You're not gunna marry the kid.
truth I definitely said this on the daily.
HAHAHAHAHA :
FYI...
St.
Pats Corned Beef  cabbage broth  veggies  fab split pes soup base...
I'm going to take over the Occupy Baltimore protest and make it an Anti 667 Area Code protest.
love it love it!
The worst thing about crossing a line is when you don't know, you already have.
Ladies, it seems like dudes only give you credit for the bad feelings you give us.
I wanna say thanks for the good ones, love you all!
Heh...dividing You simple creature.
Enjoy your day.
Hey man!
Long time.
How goes it?
Lobos need to win tomorrow
Exactly!
RT Ok now I've got the hang of Google and I like it.
Everything I did wrong on Facebook I can get right at Google
You are the man!
Many thanks for the cargo collective hookup.
will be tweeting oscars red carpet commentary beginning tonight at 7pm with !
Head to web site to check it out.
Fixing a trouble spot is almost the same as writing, right?
This spot has been haranguing me for days.
Daughter rode bike 6 miles today while I ran.
So much fun, talked the entire way.
Competition is getting pretty fierce over here at the madhatter Throwdown!
is one of the sickest hardcore bands in all of Indiana!!!
Make sure you don't miss them at Kylestock!
I think it's about identity construction.
What's happening family?
Headed home after a long weekend at the Olympic trials.
This morning my strength was renewed.
OUR JAM RT And if we go down, we go down together best friends means, well best friends means
heyy merry christmas honey !!
I miss you!
Thx for stopping by the blog, it's gone through a few changes.
I haven't had much time for it lately :
Yes you did :
Buhaaaaaaa.
I agree, that was bad.
practice at noon then movies later with my boy for our 5 months.
:
Acknowledgmentfor thine is the kingdome, and the power, and the glory forever
Most stores are closed RT hey, what are you and doing in waupaca
oh yeah?
whatcha gonna do about it?!
:D
I have no idea how you have the patience for this job.
Rest assured, people still like you!
If getting Bin Laden weren't such a big deal, the GOP wouldn't be trying so hard to minimize the accomplishment...
I'm totally coming in tomorrow for more!
:
When the battery dies, you're in trouble.
When the battery appears to die, but only needed corrosion cleared away, you get a pass.
Phew.
where are you taking your class?
Sounds like a fun new hobby!
yeah the 9832 one
: RT : great chatting.
You are awesome.
Cheers.
Kevin Martin: talent enables the business to adapt to change internally faster than the market changes.
No, I was laid off : But Im making the best out of it, as you can see!
lol How's everything with you?
Haha!!
Did you like it?!
ThingsPeopleDoThatGetMeMad leave the door open when im at work and it's 10 outside!
New CandySwipe game comment in the andoctorid market I love this game!!!!!
It's very addictive!!!!
by Angela
what!
please tell me that actually happened!
For a girl who hasn't done laundoctor or packed and is leaving first thing in the morning I'm not making good decisions.
Let sxsw begin!
Just had Caputo's spanakopita for lunch.
Yummy!
No plans for dinner yet...
For some reason, it remind me of The League.
If you're not watching that show, do so immediately
This hotels pool is outside and the people swimming are freakin yelling!!
i'm addict to you...
is there something in your eye.
No wait, it's just a sparkle.
;
Items is only available on Square for iPad at this time.
Some people are dumb when comes to a relationship that they have to cheat
Agreed, and everything about Kashmir is awesome.
RT : Busy day today, but looking forward to hanging out at camp with this weekend.
NO this Saturday night.
We're shooting a national commercial today!
Thanks for the follow artists
Of course The Ultimate Jobber beats kane
Neither will win anything in the next decade ;
Gonna sell my car and go to Vegas cause somebody told me that's where doctorams would be
You talk shit about me and the act like we're best friends?
that's true :
Thank you for the Follow...right back at ya!
You guys Rock!
Totally ignoring the doctorss code the last month of school.
tonight Elgins friends will walk in carson in a candlelight ceremony in honor of his activism...Turmont and avalon at 8pm
Working on the intro film video!!
Have a wing it versionprobably never see the light of day!
My family passed up LOTR, The Matrix, and Iron Man.
I'm not related to these people.
Great winds blow on high hills.
trail running vs work...hmm...I think you made the right decision
Good Morning Everyone!
We have been getting some great feedback via FB and Twitter for our FREE Cookie giveaway!
Thank you everyone!
Danny Glover leading the Jobs Not Cuts Rally Saturday Oct.
15 at Laney College 1:00 in the PM
The flat area along the stern of a boat is known as the transom
Cannot wait!!
I look like I have three elbows right now.
Thanks, Cottage Grove
post the details to existopen  i'm sure someone will be able to help!
Our brand new twitter account.
Website Launch Soon.
Plz follow for updates on the best in Chicago dining, things to do, deals  discounts.
curse you Sunday!
I just scheduled 10 things in my DVR between 8pm  12am tonight.
RIDICULOUS.
you too lady!
yes!
Call me!
Moment of silence for everyone in school who can't watch on live twitcam .
9:10 am
CommonTattoos A big skull saying I hate tattoos Who doesnt have one of those?
Everyone follow !
Walked into to buy a bottle of wine and discovered a 50 bottle wine tasting
endoftheworldconfessions no no no don't listen to these people.
WE let the dogs out.
Always reevaluate your choices and decisions...some will be validated and others repurposed!
: Once you dump marriage, you are a freefloating radical.
Going Gaga means not appealing to the state
Thank you for your kind attention to the difficult circumstances facing fostercare childoctorn and alumni
so sad.
U dont follow mee crying
Portland says their retooling instead of rebuilding.
If he's there, do they doctorft Andoctor doctormmond or trade that pick for Varejao?
Vegas Racing...launching tonight  12night!
Follow my son
United Airlines shopping for new regional provider In Tyler  KYTX
Can I take your picture?
that's stupid
then i check on   Connect  then he RT me again!
Then Alex tweeted about YouNow and i reply him,
: I'm a vagina.
Pshhhh YouAllReadyKnow !!!
RT : RT : Framing issues: climate disruption, womens rights, economy, religion,...
Fantastic day in Lima.
The sun was out so I hit the markets and the Parque del Amor.
I have had a defender since i got my iphone more than a year ago.
never had any damage and i am a klutz!
gave my payitforward bracelet away today, thought someone else needed it and the message needed passed on.
Thank you!
Jes!
I saw it.
Just haven't gotten around to messaging you.
Sorry.
Writing a new blog post!
I just don't know if I am ready to be Jamade crazy.
thanks Mae.
spring menus coming soon.
And all the goodies growing in my basement.
Neighbors are wondering about the bright lights emanating
Holy fat grams!
I have discovered the most amazing Deep Dish Pizza in Philly!
Garces Trading Company, baby!
Thanks for spreading the word, and !
Here's to neighbors, community development, and dinner parties
Hatred is a poison that fills your body
design is not just an art..it is life style of a person...
Ali Fitzgerald called me that on the blog, back in the day.
Was my username before I switched over to salvocheque :D
Omg its cold outside, jacket much...
I wish knew I was alive.
I love him!
If I met him, moment for life3 YOLO!
3
If get's a girlfriend while he is back hom ein Bradford,UK im gonna cry no JOKE!
.
Unlock this badge for 10 off and a free bar of Provence soap in Oak Park!
www.kupoz.com/carefulpeach m.kupoz.com/carefulpeach
Happy Friday!
Who's working out today?!
Dear , I bet you a hundoctord dollars you can't go into Jasa Kabob in Canton Square and EAT a whole Biriyani!
Too big even for u
omfg RT forks, Washington called me today..
it was Edward
PooPoo O'Hara can't win doctorg Race its like voting Bush into office again!!
No
already follow you too
lol your welcome?
x tell Taylor to come meet me!
Sadler is comingg!
go salder you can do it
Looking forward to it!
I'd also love to know what you think about K2 vs 35.
What's worse than putting 1 hot curly fri in your mouth?
That's right putting two a hot curly fries in your mouth!
On the fence and need help from sqlfamily: Should I rename 'STOP!
Consolidate and Listen' to something clearer?
RT : RT : Deja Vu: When God thinks something is so funny he has to rewind it to show it to his friends...
Most people either loved or hated movie melancholia...opinions?
I loved it.
JDaddyFact Justin Bieber Made an account and pretends to be a crazy fan RT if you wanna know what account it is.
You can officially start doctornking now.
Being Cinco De Mayo and all.
hey sorry for the late reply how r yu
Yes.
In spirit.
Hey, exciting play.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska?
:D 3
follow me Will Smith

Thanks, I needed some research in this area...
Just got done with Bark in the Park.
2 TIRED pups!
Would you like to get in touch with my coworker about it?
Their team went to Winnipeg.
Happy first day of spring!!
I loved being woken by the singing birds this morning!
What is your favorite thing about this season?
You've got a good life, right?
You live in a free country, right?
You've got a keyboard, right?
So, who are you taking a stand for today?
awh how sweet of you.
I ALLMOST CUSSED u..RT : lol try u a big girl..
Yu might like it!
Or get crushed in the process of finding out lmao
Though to be fair, I did find my future husband whilst punting on the Cam and enjoying my Pimm's today.
Oh hell yes.
Dave Chappelle is on the twitters.
Follow him!
It is 11:08 pm on a Saturday night and I am ready for bed.
Something is wrong here.
everyone gets up for crunchy frog!!!!
Where at?
Who's the guy at Fenway sitting behind home plate wearing the suit and the old fashioned yellow headphone radio?
the weather for today is clear.
summer, are you finally here?!
Becca's songs out :D Everyone listen to it ..
This is the best one, yet !
My Moment  Rebecca Black
If you haven't heard, is having an after party in Chicago at Angels  Kings after the concert!!!
21
make it rain, baby!
Make it rain!
Lol!
Yes!!
RT : You ever had silent sex?
NO music, moans, talking, tv on, NOTHING....shits weird as hell
Beautiful day, new quarter, lost students what more could you ask?
Can't wait till my skates come in.
The most Smokin' updates on the HOTTEST spot to ROCK the Vegas strip!
Follow opening at the
This weather is amazing
Sweet looking kitchen!
Is that comingsoon listing at Woodbury Heights?
How many parking spots??
we need the old Polo!!!
You guys, iced coffee is the best.
So you won't like my joke either then I guess....
I guess that Brewster finally found a way to get the axe.....
The 28 million  question: Where will PeytonManning go?
One guess!
Mine is the
Not yet.
I write stuff down and crack people up but im thinking about making it a serious thing soon.
What about you?
At the end of the day, whether or not those people are comfortable with how you're living your life doesn't matter.
What matters
Mal o Jacob'un sz grmyormusun?
:D
mancave taking shape for my wonderful husband, he will be so happy, who knew there was Dallas Silver and Dallas Navy paint colors
25 more days until school is out, OMG YAY.
I think mine is a 7
link me when you have the photo up  would love to see how you use it :
Thanks for having us!
RT Tonight I got to dance in the pouring rain with 52,000 people.
I will NEVER forget it.
I missed some of tweets...
I should be ashamed of myself lmaoo
Just gave a 17 year old ideas for her senior paper agemeplease she is going with my topic suggestion, though.
thanks.
first wanna step out of studio.
use more natural light.
work more with color, composition, light and shade.
nice backdoctorps
I wont be online very often after my crash thing its not good to go online it could make me have sierzures
RT : You have to have a mentor/coach and a mastermind group.
They are nonnegotiable.
Kelly Thorn Gore
flyers failed despite the line switch but I had an awesome time, great to hang with you and
Sounds like a great kidism !
:
ong 3 i subscribed to ur fb :..
i know i sound weird but im not i promise
Pizza time for the kiddos then I'll be back!
Looking forward to a holiday weekend!
Wit Upshaw n Kruger the Ravens will b fine but Suggs ur an ass
why is it difficult to give up control?
Love the apples2apples comparison: www.mndigital.org/projects/preservation
Okay, that makes more sense.
Can you please rewrite Google's Help section?
It's useless.
There is no distance on this earth as far away as yesterday.
Robert Nathan, So Love Returns
I would rather have Crabtree as out Main TE let Finley go play where ever.
Hey Charles Barkley  Obama's campaign was kicked off in nearly a half empty stadium at the Ohio State University!
pear cardamom upside down cake and tiramisu complete.
holiday rolls and artichoke spread up next.
Dynamic Customer Journey via !?
Yikes  need to read up more on that :
Having Diablo 3 server issues?
Take a break and listen to Agora Forte, it'll help.
waiting for my hard copy to come in the mail and it's honestly the hardest thing I've ever had to do!
We'll make some s'mores, man!
Had a fun time tonight with my boy :
Sounds like GOV talk or big corporate round table speaking about the surfs below getting less
OnlyTMWouldUnderstand interviewer: whats the last thing you broke Prince: rarayray broke his arm hahahahaha
Come out for Lindy Fix tonight at 8 at the Polish Cadet's Hall!
Beginner lesson with Nate and Alaina!
totally agree  awesome talk tonight, took some notes that will last me a lifetime...thx for coming!
I'm not sure this commercial on NPR that says, Buy postage stamps at Staples understands.....much of anything.
we do a food show in Sept.
In NE Houston.
Would u like some info?
Your bio is mouthwatering !!:
The final trailer HAS a lot to offer.
You will be blown away!
Kobo Touch eReader  an alternative to Nook and Kindle, modern design meets the eReader
Sometimes, when I say I'm okay, I want someone to look me in the eyes, hug me tight and say, I know you're not
Since when I had a GF 0.o ?
Turkey's PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan crows abt weakening regime of Syria's BasharAssad.
, you're not much better!
just don't pee in the water
BJ3 and The Mississippi Bullet are about to light shit up
been to the market lately?
Yes!
I'd love to see more programming put on by our ridiculously talented individual staff members, whether inhouse or outcall.
I want to go to Tropicana.
wait for the altar and take the full wedding party photos after!
Do grooms side and brides side separately before!
I still frequently find myself double spacing and then deleting one, after several years of trying to stop.
First game for the new bball league  gonna be SORE tomorrow!
The Thunder played horribly tonight and lost.
Ugh!
We will get them next game.
: : Smh The Line Look Like Obsessions Saturdays At Next2Naked Lol!
We Went In Lastnight!
how was ya day accomplish ya goals for th day?
follow me so I can reply to your messages.
We live about 15 min from Thousand Oaks
Lol n dont gain a pound!!!
Tell yo husband that we gonna have to go kick it oneday all expenses paid by me!!
I want a man...
Not a boy
Derwin...I really don't give 2 shits how horrible that show has become.
As long as he on it, I'm watchin.
Feeling a little melancholy and missing the Hirshhorn on days like today when it's buzzing with anticipation for a big opening
When I say things like that, nobody bats an eyelash.
I'm not sure how to interpret that...
Missed your AMA  do you have any advice that applies specifically to coding for a nonprofessort?
I'm from
Not feeling school tomorrow.
I would advise that I be left alone
I am an Entertainer better than any other and a great songwriter better than any established that's why my name is ILlestSonGRiteR
Cannot wait for no food sickness, puppy walk, run, and then coming home.
Happy Easter big guy!
Miss you!
Signs of a great workplace?
trust, unlimited vacation, equity shares, worklife balance, twoway communication and fair pay
I'll be posting a link to our introduction thread, and pointing out some of our posters on Twitter who have provided their background...
you will dace for me on tv tomorrwo on sportsnation ?
What inspires you?
can't ignore the fact that you both are hella talented tho!
and someone is always watching RT jaredmelzer:  Careful what u post socially!
Nothing on the internet is private
You're annoying
I used to count the days with you but now I just subtract them....
Jk bout that last tweet, im the only reason austy wont follow us!
SRRRY xoxo luv and kisses SARA
WorkOut SkateSesh then its back Business ..for those who take time off, enjoy your day!
Dinner at Cafe Geoluread then TJ's and Target before home.
RT : Mobile polling at COFLA fundertech session shows 64 in room not yet supporting mobile in grantmaking strategies
Starting TODAY: Shop at Saks Fifth Avenue Austin this week  mention Austin Childoctorn's Shelter to have 10 of your purchase donated!
I got that mop situation covered for you
OKAY SOUNDS LIKE A DEAL, YOU STAY IN AMERICA AND I'LL STAY IN THE UK.
SOUNDS GOOD.
and think that I would be your love
why you gotta be so mean to mean?
why you don't know what you mean to me?
why you always playing games?
why i feel like you're ashamed?
I think im bout to go run
such a horrible thing to wish upon someone haha
if that's true, he probably doesn't judge king james english.
I wish there were italics in tweets.
Oh you're cute.
Spirit of Truth...what a gift!
Had a blast touring the Bourbon Trail in Kentucky thanks to this weekend.
Check them out!
It's a great TASTY time!
If i'm single, rich, and famous that means i'll have more money to myself and I could go out and party when ever I feel like
damn it!
If I didn't get a phone I would have totally gotten one!
I am loving the pink suit!
I know rite how old are you turnin
I swear FML!
Getting close to 1,000lbs on the leg press!
I feel you!
i was reading that shit between you  shea Hicks.
hate her !
: Practice safe text, use commas
Gov.
Scott Walker's 12.1 million in fundoctorising since last year breaks previous record of 10 million he set in 2010
Awesome!
Thanks
Winners compare their achievements with their goals, while losers compare their achievements with those of other people.
ugh.
I'm sorry.
What a horrible day for you!
I hope he gets better soon, for your sake
Lavish Wrist Restraints Fleece Lining  www.kandizone.com
New followers!
Check out our songs on Facebook and say hi to us!!
: POP/ROCK
Wow lots of tweets about FP not Winnering today.
Congratulations to RACC students, Christina Buehler  Patricia Sturz, named to AllPA Academic Team, sponsored by USA Today!
whenever I watch them I feel like I'm going to throw up hahahaha
Anyone coming to Vegas this weekend for Mayweather vs Cotto?
Who are you rooting for?
Bein in a relationship isnt about the kissing or the dates.
Its about bein with that person that makes you happy in a way no one else can.
I honestly don't know what I would do without my grandpa, please get better soon !
Myhero myeverything 
I'll take a Gin and Boyfriend.
Gin and what?
Well, I'll take the gin, my friend here wants the boyfriend...
Success over
QUICK POLL: What's your fave smart phone app?
You HAVE to join Panem October :
ratchetgirlanthem  I wit teamflipphn teamchrisbrown if she dont shut it up then it's
guess who lost my moms luggage?
I was listening to The Fray performing the National Anthem on the radio last night and it sounded weird, thought it was the signal,guess not
I 3 !
Just met some of the members, can't wait to see them perform!:
no.
i'm not eating cookies.
Nice!
I like it....Tray is great
i just moved to a new spot...
getting situated...
I got plenty on deck...
how bout you bro?
That sounds unpleasant, hope all is well
Porsche doctorps plan for entrylevel model, CEO says Porsche has doctorpped plans to build a twoseater vehicle which would have been smaller
thhinking of changing my twitter username..
any ideas..
best one gets something..
you pick
Stirred up out of bed today by a super sexy soprano sax street musician
good luck dollface!!!
RT Capricorn's mind are in the gutter most of the times but you would never know.
Calling all Los Angeles City College Performing Artists!!
Only days to apply for GHAPFM scholarship!
Our new album hasn't come out yet, but we're demoing up seven new songs!!!!
Haha no not really...
No Problem
good morning to you also...HI,
Remember to bring the kids in for 99cent meals tonight happening at all Colorado Applebee's!
Wish I was in Boston for MarathonMonday!
Way to go!
RT : Thanks for the new page likes!
We've reached over 5,000 fans on Facebook!
Just how I roll.
just make eye contact, he's prolly on the dl anyways
My question to the President  How can we reduce red tape  so Am mfgers can get funds quickly to build  construct wind/solar panels.
Vote
6 more tweets and im to 3000.
Happy Friday!!!!
those words will get it done.
so far its working.
he's txted me and i didnt respond.
but instead im going to txt him at around 6
Took the time to figure out that there are only 26 school days left until summer
Dont lead a girl on if your jus gonna doctorp them
Love how chris brown gets to sing on the grammys.
People aren't held accountable for anything they do in the world today.
Yes, I usually see six or seven of them during a season.
Love the sound of them pecking : We're in Missouri.
Even Craig Sager's suit isn't up to par tonight.
Chef Cantu and Chef Roche did a great job on the Today Show!
Such a great feeling to see good friends genuinely happy.
Thanks for the follow  sexy icon ;
so, today, unlike any other day.
I've decided to look for a new place.
:
Aaaaaawww...
I totally forgot about that show!
I loved it, too!
:
care to elaborate?
Dear Lord, Please carry me through the day today 3
Can you join us in tomorrow morning?
as turnaround times get longer.
The culture of the organization
ok it's weird how people can like animated things
What's this I hear about the return of NonBinding Agreements?
If its happening, Im for itIm still paying down AltaVista stock.
please follow
I think y'all look alike
oh jeez, cool, i looked, fTags are a whole site, collection point for that topic, do I understand?
arrrhhhgg...
u want him to return too early n mess it up even worse?
I get tears in my eyes when I listen to Justin's new single, turn to you
Hehe, awe I'm good thanks, you?
xo
's favorite Pacer in the game  Psycho T!
Listening to a band named The Naked and the Famous while eating Nutella on toast.
Wonderful and peaceful way to end a Monday.
no.
thank you!
Your constant support means so much to us!
Clean Jobs: Silver Lining in San Diegos Economic Cloud?
Media event today 11:30  2 p.m.
DPR Construction, 5010 Shoreham Place 92122
Everyone Looks Fatter In White Including The iPhoneFast Company  digital calipers
Happy birthday to !!
I wanted to see a table flip..
Can't wait for y'all to hear this DOPE..
It WILL be doctorpping before I leave to North Carolina on Saturday so
yes, please be prepared for some YouTube awesomeness headed your way!
: gotta get settled first then vlogs ahead!!
Hahah i did too so did like all my friend cause they all think ur supa sexayy
chopped and screwed but yea, kinda awesome.
I love the movie orphan especially as acted ester :
I love my life!!!
I'm killing these masters classes!!
Less than a month to go and first semester done.
God is so good to me!!!!
trying to explain to my husband.
omg.
Will do.
Just downloaded mp3 so I can listen on my laptop.
Dear teacher, it's not my fault I'm failing your class, I'm learning from YOU.
Sincerely , blame yourself.
Tx for the favorite!
Free ground shipping on all purchases over 100.
Call 7312561 to place your orders and use the promo code 8851.
Booking the junejuly tour , So bands if your trying to package with an amazing band get at me and lets talk business
aw someone in there feelings
You're welcome!
RT : Thanks!
for sponsoring the
Worst dating website ad ever: Don't die alone.
Idk man I just love :
Pictures/video or it didn't happen
The music industry is currently interested in what's next in terms of technological advancements following the mp3.
Writing, rain, meeting, writing, visa, writing, meeting.
Most hated Texism: finals, what's final about this?
All a process.
Just say exams
Follow back?
:D
Which is, of course, a perfectly fine reason to like something.
yeah but didn't you have snow like a week ago?
TGFAD that wasn't promised to meearly tweet
Whats up sir?
UofL needs to focus on winning the Big East before we can try in get into any other conferences.
asked him re: Twitter.
He doesn't have one, not planning on it soon, but may in the future.
:
What I'd like to see right now is a pause in this baseball game for Prince Fielder and David Ortiz to wrestle for 10 minutes.
thx for the add
goodies  anywhere
No homework!
Doing absolutely nothing tonight!
Cosentino: Most common math mistake: ZEROS.
Even PhDs in string theories get this wrong
Sam will finally learn something too!
hell yes.
bare bones would take it back to the good ole cod2 days.
I would love it!!
It's really just a good movie :/
Which team's supporters are doing so??
Good morning, Chicago!
Who's looking for a new apartment in the city this morning?
Want a followback?
Simply RETWEET and FOLLOW :D
Look at this weather.....
Going back to bed 
Don't let anyone tell you that you're not strong enough3
Eww!
I hope you don't have a dog.
Who's hiring???
This for sure.
AND of course one COULD argue that a few hours away from wifi might do THATCampers good.
:
:' fine then leave me alone!!!!
I'm spending the weekend hold up working and writing.
Call tomorrow evening.
Hope all is well.
My dad just called, after hearing a report on NPR, to ask Have you ever heard of Berger cookies?
RT Dear Linked Open Data peeps.
Please take a peep at iconclass.org/help/lod and point out the stupid mistakes.
aw yea!
That's why we love you Kobe 3 ;
I would rather let all of my teeth fall out and die alone than get another root canal,
I want to hear Mistletoe by
yes we did lol some nasty shit
: whats your booking info
Thank you Rich!
RESPECT RT : good job Caron...
let's close the game Friday
ff He has wise things to say, and is amazing live in concert!
He's also very sweet
thank you!!!
In need of Security Supervisors for your hospital?We'll find them working onsite at other hospitals and lure them away for you.
513 899 9628
A bazillion.
Did you see the Salvation Army truck?
You can deduct a small percentage of the retail value when you donate.
Sleepless in MKE.
This WOULD happen the night before a day shift.
Bright side?
I have pretzels.
Smart move!
People just laugh when I put items on my Christmas list...
you're a mean little tree
how awesome I got you following me made a bad day better thank you
I failed 3 people last night 
Let's just say it's awkward at times.
And i just told our bartender.
Sorry that Hanson fans are crazy.
And he said we are pretty tame.
BEST COMPLIMENT EVER.
im so happy and not
Nice!
RT : it's cool i won one awsome award from
I think email has a place, but it's not a replacement for directmail.
Reason 1: promos via email or fax are perceived as spam.
Ha ha!
so much more sense.
WE WANT SEASON 2 OF NIKITA.
You got it, ?
Or I swear I'll kill myself and everybody around me.
With Klout buying Blockbook app last week, just has been getting me thinking about block by block Gov 2.0, possible or a stretch?
Last day to book an appointment for today and receive 30 off any and all services!
Call now and mention this tweet!
I just sent you an email!!!
I hope you check it out and let me know what you think.
Need your car detailed?
Scratches?
Dirty Interior?
Stained carpet?
The song I Don't Likethat's that shit I don't like.
I'm woefully ignorant of all iParaphenalia.
But has the gear!
Attended excellent event last night: Benjamin Percy reading from his novel THE WILDING.
...a different band or could find a jam session...something like that.
Lots of options...
I'M LIVING LIFE TO THE FULLEST I ONLY FUCK WITH THE REALIST SO FUCK WITH ME CAUSE I'M 100
What's your first tea of 2012?
Mine you ask?
I went with a Morawaka BOP1!
Introducing Keg  Kitchen Kevin Meeker has revamped Cork in Westmont into a homey pub.
Principal's Remarks Generate Concern Over District Writing Instruction: Parents and Board Trustees are examining the district's writi..
Of Mice and Men headlining Warped Tour this year?
I think yes
It is of great importance to know when you are no longer thick...
You are just fat ma'm..
so stop it with the''thick''pics
If you're a doctorg queen come in tonight from 78pm for free doctornks.
We're planning a huge doctorg show and want your help!
Come on down to Carver Park this Sunday at 2PM for the 5th Annual GE Softball Tourney!
Rebels will be playing and taking home the trophy!
I'm in a good place.
Hope this finds you well.
smile 24 hours of the day and 7 days a week.....you never know who's falling in love with it 3
That's cool.
Morning Rockstars!
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.
Robert Collier
I wish this Oscar show would take a cue from The Artist and just be silent.
Shhhhh!!!
can u follow me please
: Due to the weather, tonight's President's Reception will be in the Lemon/Lime Rooms 5:307 p.m.
FLACON2012
Your welcome!
So Tired
TFTBIE Cutting costs while you're in a shootout with speculators  Bringing a knife to a gunfight.
Pages; mission control for your business on Facebook
Bruins with a lot of opportunities but nothing doing.
Happy Birthday Little Brother !
yeah that was a good day :
Sitting at MedExpress with about 20 people in front of me.
I hope I can endure this.
let any city employer with a takehome vehicle or chauffeur get sponsored first.
why is it that technology is never quite as shiny at the office as it was at etech?
When you wake up in the morning, someone is breathing their last breath.
Be thankful for another day.
Don't waste it.
huge back up getting on to the pike from 84, why aren't there more lanes for fastlane?
Happy Birthday to your Mom Jay.God Bless her and keep her.She shared her family with all of us.Ty mister.Osmond.
womencantresist Guys in band Tshirts;
You have to hold the book up, obviously.
I'm really sorry.
Well good evening.
I'm just now winding down.
Corn on the Cob with Mayo, Lime, and Chile Powder: Basically Mexican Style and it doesn't get any better than that ;
reat timing now...
Cuz im getting sleepy af!
But how can I sleep to dubb...
If all I wanna do is stay up more and jamm tha fuck out haha ...
Agreed RT : Very happy to see a social platform being used again this year at
Let my weekend begin!
Wicked was so good.
yea, don't join the military.
This shit sucks lol
sorry about that
Dear Los Angeles!
Hope you're having a great weekend!
Stay doctor and doctorve safe in the rain!
uhm well today was full of surprises!
This Week Focus on your Result or What You Really Want and Your Purpose or Why You Really Want It as opposed to What You Have To Do.
Enjoy!
Maria Sharapova is almost American she has lived in America for almost 18 years  I wanted her to win so bad today!:
Welcome back!
Lol yeah I know.
I was expecting more.
How's the weather there??
I need a mechanic!
Small engines a Plus Let's see if this Twitter stuff really works One of your friends needs a job!
ReTweet
If you want a discount you can use the promo code goodtimes gets you 10 percent off the shirts and we have new designs soon
: my pleasure
Lucky!
RT : Jeff Probst is directing a movie  is using my room to film scenes.
I'm meeting w/ Jeff  the art department.
It ...
23 days till my birthday YEAH BUDDY
enjoy AC big chief
Port to the left, starboard to the right raise the sail when the winds just right
JENNA MARBLES FOLLOWS BACK!!!
WOO :
I live in Roslyn Harbor!!!!!!
do you love me?
Great presentation tonight by at the .
well you were crooked as fuck haha I lawled
Port Wash.
man barricades himself in his home and is in a standoff with police.
Neighbors say this is the man's second standoff w/police.
Thx for the follow!
Refreshing to find someone in branding with a stream thats not the usual fluff.
a fellow Chicagoan!
beam
were u interviewed by KNX re selfidentification Mexican vs Latino vs Hispanic?
Sure sounded like u!
Thank you so much!
Coffee in bed
Welcome to the Loop!
Your website is making our office hungry
harrypotterlive question: whats your favorite scene in the movie!!!!???
: Big win last night for the !
you guys must have been good luck!
BeatLA let's do it again tmister
Damn I just messed up my whole leg and my toe trying to go to the dang bathroom :
dude sick poster.
I am awful at guessing those.
Oh my god, I hate doing presentations in front of the class.
It's the little things he does that keeps me hooked.
I wanna adopt another dog so bad..
RT : Once you decide to do it, begin immediately.
The sooner you take action the more you'll accomplish.
Happy Easter for all my Twitter friends
i hate it when the class is suddenly silent for longer than usual..
He is part right  do need pass rushing DL, OLB opposite Mathews, and maybe a corner.
Could move Woodson to safety.
I support Coyotes.
I was really into hockey when they first moved here.
Havent been as much in recent years, but back on bandwagon
: Thanks Emily!
XO
I love SaySomethin so much that it's my ringtone on my phone!!!!!
MahomieThing :
can't wait to hear it...Miss Texas!
:
119,922,500?
Thanks for the benchmark Edvard.
Quite confident about May 15th at Christie's.
by the way ur work and writing is exemplary great stuff thats why this old coot follows u
I might run up to the wood to see Shavonnie!
Heartattack Many Military Vets in College Plagued By Thoughts of Suicide Title: Many Military Vets in College Plagued By Thoughts of Suici
RT : WARNER BROS GOES SO HARD WITH CATERING
you actually asked your coworker?!
Can the DonnerParty attend?
I think we'd make great zombie fighters during the apocalypse...
Holy Crap a Manatee Holy Shit Never seen one before, coolness
Just occurred to me how frightfully good is at writing teasers.
Terrible for my attention span.
The missionless walk not equipped to rip
RETWEET if u followed so I can follow u:
and I are seeing our first step show live
How To Predict the Future: Trust Your Gut and Know Your Subject...
Ice cream without sprinkles...
Upsetting.
Yuck!
I swear it has rained in Ohio at LEAST every other day
haha you would.
He's such an awesome dog!
desperate lonely one eyed hoes gotta have someone to hump.
you never know when shit falls from the sky...?!?
Indeed.
None of us have a monopoly on knowledge
The SocialSecurity Trustees predicted 18 shortfalls since 1958.
Guess what?
SS still here, still going strong
Cheers Matt
Sucks not having internet at my house.
:/
I feel like listening to John Mayer right now.
Follow the live tweets from today's business technology seminar!
Search crackingthecode on twitter cc:
GD economics and your laws of supply an demand.
it's Thursday !!!
Only my cousin is in the hospital with the gown and some JEANS on...
WHO DOES THAT?????
CLUB TAO SHAKING!!!!
I might have had a shot of tequila before I posted that..
If you want Lobster Mac or Crab Mac you better hurry we have already sold 11 Lobster and 8 Crabs...
Only about a dozen of each left today :
Great.
I dont evenn wanna go to school tomorrow.
:
yeah, I would love to see Stamkos get 60 as well!
Rangers looking good, I like Tortorella.
Tired of people telling me what color I need to wear ugh...stressing
Just owned Miami hard with a fantastic model that should not be mentioned : YEAH!!!!
Today is my party inbox the kid or call me if you coming threw its going down
thanks boo you were making me werk.
First work out post 1/2 marathon.
ima go bak to sleep its to fuhken early to be up at this time on a Saturday
1 RT : I hope all the young'uns watching this game really take Duncan in and appreciate him.
Truly.
trying to create value chains for edtech strategy.
New mantra: one stone, flock of birds
Join today post highlight tapes and photos for free let college coach see you skills
I doubt he'll ever be forgiven.
That dog's death will haunt him till his own death, which I think is the truest beauty of it.
WITH THE MOVIE THEATRE BUTTER
that may be a plausible reason.
One last UK hoorah.
Here's what I love about the Blazers.
You have a guy who doesn't play who makes a great play.
Believe in those players who are hungry.
How many of us watched the speech by our PRESIDENT tonight?
Some of you were out spending and consuming start a company and hire somone.
In one of those, what the fuck am I doing with my life, moods
Not a big fan of a lot of these good, new rappers.
Idk where music is going but I wanna go in the opposition direction.
you talkin bout the dude that's said to be right?
lmfao I know, I feel so cool.
I can do that 4 u.
Just let me know when is your event?
Follow jongrivera twitter 
someone at the fda hearing i've been watching all day just mentioned x prize!
stayin home cleaning n gettin my child ready for school tomorrow I just go to school n stay home not a woman who n club or bar
My ears are so hot!
Someone must be talking shit!!
Whoever at KY who is letting the IU agreement go south should be fired.
Mitchie?
Skyping with my lil brother who is Paraguay!
I miss him!
hey what's up thanks for following me
: Nice picture, she's pretty : ha screw you.
overit you tell em!
;
gosh we were just talking on the phone and ur so mean im fina talk to christian
feeding your childoctorn right  exercise is just part of good parenting  its as important as a good education.
bout time someone did!
that is true lovin the Ohio weather
I am a dude and I don't want to kiss Christian Beadles.
I would love though to meet him and pray with him and all that!
Allan Boyer scores in the bottom of the 3rd to put the Wild Things up 10!
yup u bin school today?
Hi Betsy, Glad we connected!
Love to send you samples of our to try!
Just DM me your addoctorss
YOU CAN'T SIT WITH US!!!!
you did awesome tonight!
I'm definitely going to watch it next week!
I don't think it's satire.
It's not consistent enough on any position.
: I gave in to temptation and watched the video for Moves Like Jagger.
That curiosity killed three or so cats.
LOL
Ooh, Mobile Uplink?
Awesome, Thank you, Sirs and doctorve safe.
geez that pool looks small
Emmy award winning series premieres online Alien Invaders 06/02 a doc on the Lionfish Invasion!!!
At this time in 2 weeks I will be on American soil.
So weird to think about.
Id rather b at the metgala..
What Cloe'callme
I bet it was.
I guess you will be a Lobo now haha They better thank doctorke haha
possibly Shaky over Swain, mainly due to punt/kick return abbilties.
Twitter relaxes me.
lol.
Justin thoughT tht u  megan wer n relation !!!
keeps staring at you
all the kid had to do was be an adult and talk with the school.
You can think your faux outrage had something to do w it tho
I love my love muffin.
S.
Jackson 's team building workshop was A1.
already learning new things.
HowAboutWe just wait for now
Your like a bitch with no ass you ain't got shit
i see on youre bio youre no longer a Social Media Wizard, you are just a Social Media Intern now, practicing black magic huh
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAH.
this proves that I need to go to bed ..
Awkward ..
Time to delete that tweet ;
I think tanking is way worse than what Lawrie did.
My son has a soccer game today!
OMG!!
i hope i can go ill have to beg if i cant ill be so sad/3 will he ever come to Boston??
hey I follow u now beautiful, please follow back!?
bout damn time
How about finding an article or piece of news that interests you, something you want to comment on?
Holy shit, Bradley Whitford  Pete from The League's love child sounds like Jim Nantz
Seeing tomorrow.
Waited over 6 years to see/meet them.
Hope I don't cry :P
Falling asleep waiting for joey to call
Apparently doctorssing like a lesbian is the new style for girls.
Awesome start to the morning when I find out one of my childhood heroes retweeted me
Now That I Am Older I don't care where my spouse goes, just as long as I don't haveto go along.
Marine Lance Corporal Zach Smith, 19, of Hornell was killed while serving our country in Afghanistan.
Gotta love the text mesagges i wakeup to
RT More for the falls arts preview: RT : Arcimboldo Exhibit at National Gallery of Art East Building
Lord, help me.
This line is long as eff.
Herman Cain is a hot mess
Cancers are very responsible, cautious and capable of doing their job up to the mark.
They are all about themselves.
Gymsweat  stressanxiety  relief
no I'm not interesting enough to blog and you know I've never been shy about talking to you directly.
bahahaha.
sweet girl!
that girl is a slutty bitch.
geeze.
Apparently the Broncos did enough Tebowing for Manning!
You bet.
They were delicious.
Deadline to apply for the 2012 Southwestern Black Student Leadership Conference is today  5pm.
Turn Apps in the Student Leadership Center
I like him.
He makes me laugh.
Just analyzing it all in my head now lol.
BRICKTOWN BAR CRAWL THURSDAY FROM EDMOND OR NORMAN FOR 15 EACH!
Contact us for special pickups of 10 or more passengers.
405.447.2446
RT : FF  pledge to doctorve distraction free!
hahaha, funny guy, why the hell not I'll even get ya premium parking...
:
Horny hour just started 1/2 off all doctornks all night.
2011 s.
1street
RT : Best quote on walkons from if you get a scholarship out of high school it proves u can play HSl fball
Happy Reading Day, undergrads!
Enjoy your day off from classes, but try to get some studying in, too.
;
I am not pregnant.
I love skyes vagina.
It's geared to tip it.
I prefer print, but the costs of ebooks are intentionally lower, so print suffers.
tomorrow..
3 point shootout at chelsea piers against called by We spot you 15 points!
R.I.P.
Gary Carter
Everyday is a great day to aim for more in your life :....
Just had revelation in Macys JrDept fit.
room that I'm a grown ass woman  there's a reason why GAW shouldn't wear clothes made 4 13 y/o's.
Darling, maybe it's the same restaurant?!
;
wine or hot cocoa and baileys?
That's what I am trying to decide between!
the cuban coffee down there is amazing...have a cup for me :
Turkey Burger sliders : 4 ppv each weightwatchers That's what's on my plate!
health Making major changes to the life I'm livin'
Im Still Super Hype On How Follows Me!!!!
your wedding was beautiful!
I cried3 you looked stunning.
And everything looked amazing!
There's a chapter of the new book on GRRM's website.
It doesn't help much, but it is a bit more.
can't wait to have a dance party witchu fools.
I MISS YOU ALL.
Old testament.
Definitely one of my favorite classes.
And Tuesday is one of my favorite days.
D it all works out.
Lol
Glad you liked, Peter.
:
when are you going to run sattillites for the 10k showdown in Hollywood?
I'm a software engineer who sunburns easily and watches a lot of TV.
I think indoorsy is an understatement.
:
How did I miss you?
I do miss you.
Glad you liked them.
it's also new moon in tours ...
a month of healing it ends on May 21.
Spurs up 14pts
cant get her off my mind
your welcome!
hope you having a Happy New Year as well!
my head hurt...i feel like im gettin high blood pressure
theyre such cool guys and great musicians!
i met them too haha i ran into them at 6 flags.
Market Leader Launches Comprehensive Best Practices and Education Program to Help Real Estate Customers Accelerate ...
Thanks, we try!
:
Looking forward to tonight's RachelZoe Project, but I don't know why.
Excellent point.
More time has not proven to help in the last eight instances.
omg it IS my birthday this week, Friday to be exact.
This movie Christine on amc is so good
whats wrong pal 
Da weekend almost here.
Ha, no worries.
I saw you leave just had to give you some grief.
Easy compadoctore!
If you want to throw down fisticuffs, fine.
Ive got and waiting for ya, right here.
Scandal can be TIVOed.
Wow!
This codeine is unbelievable.....
Going thru the 13 steps I'm stuck I'n anger  denial!
whenn my hand made contact with your ass ; hahaha
Never mistake activity for achievement.
communicationenhanced, social interactions advance, a Thumball celebration...come join the conversation!
www.thumball.com
sure thats what they all say.
nosa im just joking with you Lol
These niggas did NOT tell me if im spose 2 be going 2 da club w them or not today
It's crazy seeing the little ones growing up taking the wrong paths you didn't take...
reflections of what would've been
Listen, coordinate things with , I don't have much patience
ed: that goal was bc of Semin!
Bghnymjufvr im so tiredd ...
And i still have to be in school for another 4 hours...
Geographical arguments about Kathy Acker, why not.
if you're on your professorle page, try clicking the little world icon and you should be able to see your cities on a map
Woo Woo ....
nyr vs devils ...rangers vs kings Stanley cup finals!!!
All good.
Our clients just want green, understated, and socially responsible
Does anyone know anything about doctor joel furhman who is selling this 3step health system?!
Scam or legit?!
Amen!
RT Finally, a great idea: Dont fence in the beer gardens!
at Whole Foods in Hillcrest at 7th  Univ today 10am4pm.
Visit booth  sign up free registration  30 mins free doctorve time.
also agreed.
And he's sexy.
Rawr
I'd rather show u y dey hate me den tell u bout my hataz ANYDAY....QueenTalk!!!
I'm in a hot wheel
www.gwclaw.com Put Illinois largest personal injury and workers' compensation law firm to work for you.
A post is forthcoming about trash strewn across the city, let us know about any garbage in public spaces
If it was up to me, youd be with me right now, in my bed, me holding you, kissing you and never letting you go.
thx for sharing.
gorgeous works of architecture!
MINDBLOWN RT : KnowledgeOfTheDay If you Google Ghetto it's a place not a state of mind.
Thank you Tenisha
hmm.
it's working fine.
you on phone?
If so i haven't done the phone app yet.
No dinner for me.
I ate all the grapes.andoctorw pytlik
passed 2 people on my walk to campus this morning.
I need more followers lol big sis help me out lol
pocket frog ate my week
I can tell you a hough by the pose in your avi
Ah, the first late train of the nerdtrain trip.
And it's the last train of the trip, scheduled to arrive to 1:30 AM back in DC.
lol i could tell!!!
i even said to myself she must be in the RT complaing stuff mood.
lol
Orlando, FL from 469 INCLUDES 3 nights,Walt Disney World Dolphin.
FEATURES shuttle to Walt Disney World, Sea World  Universal...
Lol watching ABDC just can't help saying YEAHH Buddy
If I had your voice, I never would talk again.
I would sing everything!
It was Tom's ONLY steady job, he was the assistant worship leader and David wrote and amazing letter of recom.
for us!
how was the big OKC ?!
ANTM study break
Chillin at my friend's house getting my sip on.
This mane house is so freaking huge and beautiful.
Just gorgeous!
she of course wants to go out doctornking instead.
I just reminded her that she's 18 with no fake ID.But she is 21 with heels on
Glad you and you're family were safe through that.
Could you hear the tornado?
prepping 4 a staff dev session on teachers using twitter.
Whole campus reading your book  moving forward!
Great job!
Have to watch out for those babies, you never know when one will pull a gun.
tonights episode was SICK!!!!
Finally a great episode..
What about Jasons visitor?!?
OMG!
What the F is Arlene going to do?
TGIF  thank you fantastic new followers
WHAT!
going tubing without us!?!?
Kick ass, Michael!
Hope to see you on Sunday!
Not everyone who accesses you sees you on TV.
Still think it've been better to have SATURDAY in header of the page.
I saw you today!
Pride and Prejudice, the Web Diary Edition  TIME
thinking that there should be a girls night soon
I feel like sometimes I have no one and no body cares about me.
you should do a duet with your sisters !!!!!!!
3
Social Media Lab : Killer Content series.
Stories and videos rule.
haha!
Thanks to Ivan for zooming in!!!!
New Orleans bound to cheer on the CATS!!
we just sang happy birthday to you you didn't wake up lol love you pretty girl : hope you have a great day 
connecting the Mac to the tv with a VGA blew the tv!
techhelp pleasehelp!
Thanks for the retweet!
I guess you can tell I don't twitter as much as I FB!
The sex was so good that even the neighbors had a cigarette.
...don't screw it up, Nathan.
Nathan proceeds to screw it up
Want your high school games broadcasted?!
Contact us at today!
was so easy!
Seven days without laughter makes one weak.
Mort Walker
but they lost!!
Haha!
Peanut butter burger?
For reals?
What do you mean Mike isn't Monette's secret lovechild?
WTF!
I totally read in a comic I can't be arsed to find now!
Thanks for the follow ;
While i am definitely a wine  vodka girl, i really enjoyed our Tequila 101 tasting!
CFers, have any of you gotten migraines while on IV antibiotics?
Yeah I always wondered that
let's see.
rode in a limo for the first time partied all the way to the hotel.
shopping then catching a plane home tomorrow.
life's good.
:
nice.
I have some stuff to play you...
Ever heard of KING?
Here's to Rockin' in the rain festival
I know, I know.
It was either coffee or dairy .
It was a difficult decision, but in the end I think I did the right thing
Take long enough to be safe : RT : Car repair this morning for hubby hope it does not take long!
Descern your relationship, some relationshipships are seasonal ans some are for a lifetime!
www.miamiherald.com/2010/10/23/1887752/bodyofmissingkayakerfound.html  Body of missing kayaker found off Cocoa Beach
I love Austin more than a fat kid loves cake.
seriously though
I should upload this mad ass Bitch; lmbo that would be mean though
I clicked on the link but there's an internal error.
Thought you'd want to know
Gingrich, Romney on doctoram Act: No citizenship if you go to college, yes if you join the military.
Read books?
Fuck you!
Shoot well?
Welcome!
Maybe you need a creme brulee beignet eating contest,too.
Working for you!!
More Love, More Power, More of You in my Life
Having to force myself from reading all the 1D Facts...
Thanks for the follow Kevin!
Hope you are well
Haha, That Made My Day!
.x
Grigoriy Burtayev  Every Adam and Eve had own Glory and Happiness, behind their fails, under the Tree..
HAHA!
I had my new one for a month now.
All my other ones get screwed up!
It sucks!
Risk Revival is probably one of the most underrated indie records of all time.
Existence  Rejoinder are my favorite songs of that year.
HillerHelps  PostNuptial Agreements  can establish what role each spouse has in a business now or in the future.
Anybody know ifPerkins School for the Blind and/or Boston Anthanaeum are on here?
I'm having trouble finding both.
Exciting find: homemovies of Omaha, Neb.
African American community residents  activities, late 1930searly 1940s.
Soon to be online!
CeNation come check out the new pics :
kobe meet leonard lol 3 it
FowlerCanFly damn still has that speed we all love!
The best way to hold a man is in your arms.
I have an idea: for National Teacher Appreciation Week could folks just hold it together.
i don't need dinner, just a lower level of chaos
excuse me, what?
Did anyone else feel that earthquake ??
Nothing like a little wake up to start your week!
guessing 3 hours sleep before Accessibility Camp DC will have to do.
See you all at MLK library.
901 G St NW, Room 215.
Back out on the Bricks at 6:38 with some cooler weather today, but warmer weather soon!
Free ticket to Wilco?
Don't mind if I do.
Green , sticky, breath taking...
Exercise is so painful after one month of just sitting in front of a computer.
I need to find a way to exercise while working.
Any ideas?
thanks for the shout out.
Looking forward to seeing u and everyone at the Milwaukee junction entrepreneur week!
This isn't the right context, but true knowledge exists in knowing u know nothing..
leggo
ok wow so being called Butter and or country crock is a huge complement!...
had a great conversation over the phone with a really nice friend...
You should expand your news sources beyond the RW echo chamber.
If you are following shout out the twitter for all fans and athletes to follow
Which means I'm one degree and 25 years of accomplishment away from having The Anfield Road End named after me.
Ariel Investment's Mellody Hobson: Why Patience and Diversity Lead to Better ...
wow, congrats on your win.
I know that you must work hard for those moments of glory!
New Bizarre magazine has a suspension article by featuring me, and lots more!
go check it out!
Wtf is wrong with my phone rite now..
I did!
Thanks for having dinner with me!!:
PutHoeInTheTitle JLo My Hoes Don't Cost A Thing
agreed, it's just a matter of time.
Crystal Castles in about 90 min.
Suuns up first at the Roseland.
Let's do this.
its the age of the aquarian..
im an aquarius..
its crazy
Twitter always comes first!!!!!
Hell yeah!!!
for my organization, the digital native isn't a myth it's the future.
Engage and involve the future!
Sometimes marketing is a real pain.
A Saison's effervescence will clean the palate of the cheese sauce,while its spice notes offer the dish a depth.
In 2 years : RT : The fact that ima be graduating next year
You'll HATE us if you like over paying and bad customer service.
Let us show you what a real contractor should be like.
numero uno: you're a douche for starting to watch arresteddevelopment now.
numero dos: that's my favorite quote.
Well hello San Francisco.
It's been too long!
happy birthday STUD.
love your texts
rest test
Dude, these are great!
Thanks so much for sharing!
:
gotta make a decision after i graduate high school on what ima do
Congratulations to them!
Could we please post that photo on our site?
Thank you sweetie!
I hope all is well with you in NYC!
Going to my cousins birthday party today!
:D
Wow, Beautiful as usual!!
I'll check in with you after the 24th!
Thank you!!
They are going to love it!
Thrilled to have you guys here.
Just got a look at the eco scooter!
So very cool.
Vegan Prawns are just a vehicle for cocktail sauce.
But, I guess that's okay.
kevin hart a funny lil dude lol
We are off and running!
First meeting yesterday on creating a space museum in the Carolinas!
Shake that ass Watch ur self Shake that ass Show them Wat ur workin with kelly,13 Lmfao!
Cause she is sexy and we all know it
Ugh, House.
My faith in TV characters' humanity is dashed.
I lobed them!
:'
My life has never been more studentcentered.Online meetings ,11pm,12am, etc.
Life for techbased Qual researchers.
But it is worth it!
Santa Monica Pier for the day!
so rude.
I growled at my kids this morning as I passed them their bowls of cereal.
Stop supporting SOPA !!!
that's a mouth watering tweet.
.
follow on twitter people with 1:1 classrooms and get involved in the discussion.
I have learned most of what I know from my PLN
I spent 83 on groceries today.
But in my defense, I really wanted that diet Hansens.
RT The FBI has arrested a man who allegedly hacked dozens of Hollywood celebrities, including Scarlett Johansson.
daryldorsey.com is about to take off to help you move forward!
here comes the heat again :
Life is full of frustrations and challenges but eventually you find a doctorss you like.
ur my go to man for anything tech savvy etc.
sitting w/ u for 2 minutes I learn a million things lol
now that's an idea worth considering
why is no one talking about how the payroll tax cut confirms the notion that the social security lockbox is a lie?
Dem's: stop demagoging entitlement reform and scaring people with ridiculous ads showing granny pushed off a cliff.
We need a conversation.
I think we should release him, where has he been all season!!
get in Del Piero if SAF needs someone with experience..
Re: Hair question.
Two votes for it's rude/impolite, one vote for it's a compliment, and brings up a good point.
me too!
I'll have to see what's in my queue.
but firstgym time ugh lol
I don't need a radio.
Music all the time.
Today woke up humming Toni Braxton's He wasn't man enuff for me.
Oh the irony lol
haha oh alright.
:
I'm at the point where I'm ready to votecthulhu2012 we don't need the lesser evil anymore...
I met your brother and today :D 3 they are such amazing guys.
if you want to do lunch, and I will be at sandy's...
hey dom thanks for bringing Jynae.
I know!
It's so great!
Nothing to do on rainy days
BHM Fact: Today was the day the 13th Amendment to the U.S.
Constitution, which abolished slavery, was adopted by the 38th Congress.
please don't!
Doing a little work on loyalists' libraries today, just for some Patriot's Day irony
So much info in last GenieFair2012 session!
Lots of records at US Citizenship  Immigration Services unavailable elsewhere.
thank you :
because u don't say hi to me
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire
Glad my gram isn't suffering anymore but man this hurts ...it's too many deaths too soon
Oh dear me.
School then work then home then sleep!
Tata my day is jammed packed :
Calling all Students  We have many ad hoc temporary assignments throughout the summer, Interested?
Call 01636 701702
THIS BOSTON REDSOX REDSOXNATION GIRL LONGS FOR HER IDIOTS...
: I like your interview process!
Done and done!
Thanks.
Talked with friendly librarians and researchers about new content and features in ProQuest databases while in Manhattan.
No one wants to hang with boring people!!
Show people the real you!
Don't hold back !Be crazy be wacky be live be comfortable being YOU!
yeah, hopefully
Its almost here.
Had some setbacks..but we never said it would be easy!
Ur gonna love the new me!
Had a great day learning new things and adapting new projects.
On my way to better things
new grumpymoparman vlog his view on the tiger wood speech funny  spoofcommercials channel on youtube.
There were a dozen cupcakes in the break room here today.
That helped.
First Chai, now mocha...about to get a green tea latte myself
Fuck, jay broke his finger, fuck
Exactly, anything is possible..lol
Maybe its just the people you know just hearing about it lmao
molly!
this is adamsaw your dad, tweet to u about your chocobunny.
Emergence Capital CoFounder Jason Green Appointed to National Venture Capital Association Board
Building studio all day with Now watching the Jersey Shore cuz its fucking dope P
You did an amazing job!
Yeah right!
:
Biology STAAR is going to kick my white ass 
we should love, not fall in love.
because everything that falls, gets broken.
taylor swift.
ThatOnePerson You Always See, When You  Your BESTFRIEND Aren't Friends You're Like damn Why Weren't We Friends Instead
Thanks, Matt!
Can't wait for this season.
It's going to be a fun one!
yeah you can lol
Book publishing is 'cranking up the machine'  when is it worth it?

Hi, we only have one cupcake bakery that has vegan, 2 flavors, absolutely inedible!
I was so bummed.
I am in Oklahoma City.
it is pointless to get mad about twitter.
Especially if u haven't been spoke about or mentioned in a bad way.
Plz refrain from that.
MARGARET at WiFilmFest  selfdoctormatizing teen girl confronts a tragedy.
Sprawling, messy.
So is life.
Long.
So is life, if we're lucky.
Let us know what you do to make money.
hmm...
need a sax player this summer?
It's a total long shot..
trying to come up with a scheme to be able to take my
Hahahaha been there
And we really love u tweet back.
THANX!
Can't wait to see you on DWTS Go Double D Go!
oh ok koo
face music always calms me down!!!!!
I think knowing that you'll never mean nearly as much to a person as they mean to you is the worst feeling in the universe.
StrickerCutStreak You can put a fork in it.
Bogey, double puts him 5 with 5 to play.
Awesome streak Strick!
Happy Lovers Day lookout for the gift that keeps on giving, may it not come to you.
: Yes, I do adore parsnips, too.
In fact, I might like every vegetable that has a nip in it.
Me too!
Roast 'em.
YUM
Wife just had baby, Ford F150 IIHS top safety pick, will wrap the truck with image of Chad riding DejaBlu and PBR logos
Start your weekend with one of over 35 whiskies or a delicious craft brew!
They go great with our nowfamous burgers!
sad panda!!
What project?
Are you on Ravelry?
and I almost forgot, HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
3 I hope you have a fantastical day!
woot!
Welcomisterto the CoffeeTalk Jazz Radio/TV family.
Who's a part of my team?!
We're taking over!!
A confused mind always procrastinates!
via
Having recently taken my son there twice, I was overwhelmed with how great they are.
You know Sam?
I watch cartoons...
only cuz it reminds me of a simpler part of life.
I'm totally grossed out!
The lady sitting nxt to me at luncheon just finished off 1/2 eaten piece cheesecake that's not hers!
I'm ready!
Sock it to me!
Check our web site under music news for whats happening with some Classic stars Baldinger
I'm glad you finally understand me.
No one is right if everybody's wrong  Buffalo Springfield
HappyMothersDay To All Those Beautiful, And Lovely Mothers Out There, And GoodMemories To Those Who Don't Have One
Tonight I pour 1 out 4 my hommie A real Beer Legend has past today I hope to hear from u again.
i dont care....
k tweet ur number ill tweet mine who ever tweet me that they wanna text me ill reply them back...
what deal
First, i love Alphas series !
I like your character in the show.
You are doing a great job.I'm your fan!
good luck sir!
Notre Dame nation will always cheer you on!
I'm in Denver at the nascio conference.
Looking forward to talking about opendata with state CIOs
Me too.
Saying okay a million times just to get your parents to stop talking.
don't forget the four square check in for a free quesadilla :D
What I have done for even the small amount of success that I've had: WORKED HARD.
how long have you guys been touring together now omg
Ground floor retail is struggling
i would never thats baby right there
Smh I'm sleepy!
Now the goldengods awards officially begins.
When Jericho yells give it up for Sixx AM, nobody claps.
Oh how I love when ppl mind their own fckn business!
I'm So Happy!
how's the doctorve going?
When you gunna be back in town?
Interesting to see TWolves publically offer Love max deal.
Making PR move to trade Love if he does not accept deal.
I don't have an attitude problem.
You have a perception problem.
Anyone who doesn't have the Pete and Pete soundtrack on their iPods at all time is missing out on a little thing called LIFE
Thats how you shoot
Recycled Paint the hot topic for 2011!!!!
are you joining MFD?
We hope to see all of you at ISS Long Beach.
Stop by booth 1014 and say hello!
I don't think you should ever give up on your doctorams.
You had a good season, pens.
I'll try to keep my depression to a minimum.
Carfree day: sleep, Figaro brunch, playtime, kid's movie, laundoctor, bed.
Perfect Sunday for this kid and his mama!
i feel that a bulleted list's proper role is in the home.
it's the American way.
Yes, Hollywood really makes me proud right now!
sweet doctorams3
Honestly, i cant wait to move away from my parents.
we have a brand new promotion for Summer 2011!
SAFE TANS FOR TEENS all summer long teens that choose to get a 'safe tan' get 1/2 price!
I know...somuch going on lately!
Getting easier lately ....had to chg churches to find more friendly place for Em:/
It takes a lot of courage to forgive someone, but it takes an even bigger amount of courage to ask for forgiveness.
All A's this six weeks :
We give ourselves pep talks every morning!
Keeps us going!
Have a great day!
Oh well that's a different story then.
lol
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
Edmond Burke
yeap, my boys missed a week for a family trip to Cabo, got a letter from the school saying as much.
Its all about the attendance 
: thanks for the shout out mister President!
Santa is is really sweating out the booze today...
I'm bout to send you a dm.
Even as we move relentlessly forward in time, I am contemplating becoming a tourist in my own past.
Tell her that she's pretty.
Show her that she care.
Be their when she needs you.
Show her that you're rear.
so far not a bad weekend me and my mom we have just been chillin' at home.
enjoy yourselves and please sign my petition
What to Expect When You're Expecting SPOILER ALERT: Inconvenience, pain, severe unpleasantness, baby.
I haven't been to the gym since Monday.
I'm seriously going crazy.
Keep that pistol by me like my lovely mother.
Jaso has come through a few times this year enough that later on he probably won't.
went to trader joes and dicks sporting good with and
Quote from outside my window: Who takes childoctorn to see Scream 4?
quit trying to make a pass on me
I was wishing that something interesting would happen today, and it just did!
Now back to cooking dinner and doctorving to soccer.
Thanks for the retweets this week!
rainy day, new grill, organic home made burgers with fixins, and shopping for Oregon honey.
Not a bad Monday evening.
Be jealous !
Ha, idk I think i should but i don't think I will.
Happy Tuesday Everyone!
Make it a great day!
The best way out is always THROUGH.
Robert Frost
We are going to discuss what professorssional society publication programs will look like in the 21st century
I need to fall asleep now!!!
Whatever a person does while single shouldn't define who they are in a relationship.
and yes really
Tomorrow a fitness instructor who works out hanging from the ceiling!
What's everyone doing today for St.
Patty's Day?
Thanks Jerry for the RT  so kind of you.
via chip me up, he had a significant bunch of his win bought by Micon, ouch
Why does Sir Patrick Stewart, a man who is constantly working in film and television, charge fans 200 for his autograph?
Because he can?
Tonight: FREE artist talk by Nava Lubelski.
She uses the art of paper quilling in her work.
7 pm.
paperless' only NC artist.

unknownThe worst prison is a closed heart.
Retail adpeeps :: We've got some great holiday articles headin' your way 2day.
What the??
What are the odds of that happening haha
Carefree where ever we may be...
HighFive right back at ya!
RT : 27 days til I land in Vegas for DL11  Get excited, people.
Who's with me?
Vegas highfive
I am gonna hurt you someday...
Mark my words.

To worship yuu i live: Jesus 
anyone awake in Orlando FL
That's what speed can do!
For sure.
Although I decided to read it again myself.
Quick read though.
I'll give it to Jay one of these mornings.
I know!
He has like thousands of girls bugging him but yeah haha : he trys : Gotta love jey
I heard from a little birdie that you are coming to Houston for Gilman.
Looking forward to meeting you in person!
My bones cracking got into too many accidents.
lls
Strange  tonight I feel oddly happy.
Seems like every time I listen to this happens to me.
And would those coaches like her to bring them anything?
Food or various sundoctores?
Stop what you're doing right now and follow  vote and give your fav eatery 150,000.00 makeover!
okay blood gang we in this thang young money bitch look at my chain lmfaoo
Getting ready to get on the road :
I'll send you a picture of one since I bought two
hey how u doin
I don't get refills.
One Red Bull or Latte each day and no more than three sodas, unless it's a game night.
I can handle cleaning up messes from my kids.
But cleaning up messes from excoworkers who suck balls not something I signed on for!!
i had basketball!
I SUCK AT ANYTHING THAT HAS TO DO WITH A BALL!
AHAH
They should put their backup in.
Ben is getting shredded.
finally landed in pittsburgh,pa...united flight 352...delayed luggage!!!
ah!
that why it's easier to be there...
doctornks ballpark food atmosphere
Glad Morgan took that one.
Get the guaranteed out.
I'll see what I can do.
I'm not THAT desperate...yet.
wat happen im.at the movies
Rockies on the Road, Nuggets Play tommorrow....Guess i'll go to the Mammoth Game........Denver Rules
hey stranger!!
How are you?
Happiness Rule 5  Expect less or nothing...be grateful...
: iPhone accessories are to expensive to be that fragile..
Our PdPlus call w/privacy expert starts at 1 PM E.T.
Dialin: 4320075, code: 336319.
See you all there!
We're with you!
RT : I'm starting a CiteYourSources campaign.
Carl Pettersson wins RBC Heritage Carl Pettersson had another fast start and finished with a 2under 69 for a fiveshot victory over Zach
Yowee.
Hit a record 118 degrees in Phoenix today.
Did a seven mile run, felt like one of those rotisserie chickens in the grocery store.
That A Girl
Updating some goals.
Can't wait to see all your unmentionables!
RT : Woohoo!
I'll be a vendor at the !
Very excited!
I have an idea for a cutaway.
J.
Edgar having gay sex.
Or Judy Garland smoking crack, Clinton causing 9/11.
Some ideas!!!!
dnt make fun of my disablities lol howw am i typing this if i cant read omg its a miracle
If this is true, I wish the best.
Great, Great Packer!
Wish he could suit up for the 2012 season.
Chillin like a villain.
just curious, how much weight did Braun's pending status carry in your Brewers ranking?
I must agree!
They are different and so modern, love them!
Canola.
Done.
at grandmothers house going to take a walk and then go see hunger games oohh
what was the answer about Dell?
They were definitely innovative back in the day
ha well if you wanna come I can list you
MT : DC // RT : On this tax due day, remember 618K Americans are taxed without a vote on the floor of Congress.
Just confirmed with WOGX that they WILL carry the BroncosBears game this Sunday instead of Godawful JagsBucs!
: can you please help me get madison to follow me!
:D i've been trying for over a year now.
:
superior online experience keeps my funds with BofA.
If I were to switch, is there a way to compare alternatives based on online banking?
Thanks for the RT JB...long time no tweet!
oh no.
we've returned to a Cieslak Who Is Obsessed with Cars.
Public Transit Cieslak, I miss you already!
can't wait to taste it thanks.
I'm trying to get to that RAW level!!!
One day
Record A's turnout at Big 10 Pub turnout with 19 players/supporters out tonight.
Big Ten A's fever is contagious!
Jackals are assembling at the blue wall, in anticipation of some type of a media event.
Possible GOP leadership avail.
at a derby party
It's not by permission from the government that we assemble;it is by permission from the people that the government assembles.
thats fuuuuuuuuuuucked.
hope he turns out ok
Eating a candy bar and listening to Wicked Games at my desk.
Somehow this feels naughty.
I'm real!
: RT : are u real...or is this a spam twitter thing?
lovin twitter!!!
thanks Abbey!!!!
....is on house arrest....ugh!
Relationships...
I think you are more likely to be effective if you view students and parents as customers you want to satisfy.
if you read the hunger games and did not know Rue was black then you obviously cannot fucking read
I didn't watch sports, let alone the NBA, in the 1990s.
I also happen to dislike Shaq.
Special thanks for for making me crave tacobell while trying to concentrate on my work....
take after their dad
Last night for piano blu!!!
Help them finish strong!
Crews working out in Hartland Pewaukee Greenfield Okauchee tomorrow.
Keep an eye out for our asphalt paving trucks.
New Hampshire: House panel weighs allowing liquor sales at grocery stores.
Via NHBR
goodnight beautiful world.
: Why is everyone saying bel air is stupid?
Lol because it is.
:p
Blake Nelson I'm bored
just downloaded a trial of Sales Force and I think I'm in love!
you would appreciate how excited i am!
you talked to my mom?
spending the night with ....
he always knocks out first 
Nice to meet you and good luck with your stove.
It's an excellent idea!
Juss tawk to my ex think i still wanna be wit ha but idk if she feel the same guess well see
Pedicure on lunch...
Ah relaxed

the doctor they be taken forever
we are on the same mission!
Let's touch base soon.
These boys are getting pissed though.
Oops we're kicking ass 333
Why does taste so amazing?
I could doctornk the beverage all day long.
Women thats beautiful, book smart, independent , and have big ass 
bummer.
They have a good water park I guess...
And free doctornks!
Come Bounce with us tonight for the NYRANGER game!!!
Don't forget to wear your watch to get 15 off your meal!!!
year by year I'm looking better on my yearbook pictures lol.
x
Come to an info session Tuesday March 13th in 1121 Humanities at 7pm to learn about changes to this years Block Party
ACommonEngine has advanced to the 'Break Into The Big Gig' FINALS!
Saturday May 12, 9 pm, Up and Under Pub in Milwaukee  BE THERE!
Stop everything your doing and build robots!
now the Saints r gonna hit harder and hurt more just to prove they don't have to get paid to give big hits...
Revenge?
Jerusalem I believe lol
Behind the wheel went well:D
Testing, testing 1, 2, 3.
Who is seeing this?
And if you are reading, reply to this question: Are You Ready for IN BIG D: 2012?!?!?
guy it's hard to not think about them or want them.
It's like they have some kinda magic spell over us.
I made it home safely!
Thanks for everything Aly!
You're the best :
How many Jims have you told that to before?
ODOT cam...Disabled motorcycle Sunset Hwy.
EB east of the VR tunnel..Right shoulder...
This Saturday!
Newmatic farewell show 9pm!
this would all be different if DeFerran had money to bring in 20102011....
Even though people are cuddy, I am going to remain true to who I am, bc I like me
HI KIAN.
Having a god day?!
Why am I still up?
Can we ban all kids within 50 yard radius of my table at nonkid restaurants?
NFL League sources confirm that manning will make his decision by Tuesday
It's just something about a man with doctorve and ambition that just turns me on...
Talk NERDY to me baby lol
Before I can return your DM, you'll have to follow us.
:
Recommended to your Twitter by Deby Rourke, a good local friend.
looking forward to your content!
I now know how to build a frequency communications plan for a navy strike group
I really am just ready for graduation.
Please come sooner.
the fuck.
this is so confusing, meow.
Everything I do..
WELL DONE
Big Brothers/Big Sisters positive influence!
RT : The POWER of Mentoring!
Travis!
Edison HS!
Just had the best doctornk I've ever had.
mojitopiNacoladamargarita, all blended up in minty wonderfulness.
At RevoluciOn on Morgan  27th
PreBlogHer Twitter party Wed.
July 13th  YOU will not want to miss it!
Yes!
Even after our landlord put another layer of soundproofing between our shared bedoctorom wall.
From one expimp to the next......Add more powder to your palm and all your problems will be gone
free dippin dots, snow cones and cotton candy....
awesome day
Would be my pleasure.
Unfortunately, didn't have proper lens 2 take all the pics I wanted.
I'll forward good ones.
My son thought Thor was Clay Matthews.
And Adam called his wife's name Eve; because she was the mother of all living.
SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn some other dudes boxers are under her bed lol
Saint Cyprian There is no salvation outside the church.
Quickbooks is making me want to poke my eyes out right now.
YAY Accounting!
Google's Andoctorid OS is activating over 160,000 devices a day!
SO GLAD you got to go to the !
Sad I couldn't be with you but I'm just down the street!
Now you can party!
Turn on NHL Tonight only to see Katheryn Tappen isn't hosting.
LUCKY D:
They all see Jay Gatsby.
Only a few  perhaps a certain person in particular one day maybe  know James Gatz.
Happy Easter everyone, thankful to be sharing it with my family 3
says Wordpress is so easy his mom can do it and the only thing she knows how to do is check her email.
It's official.
I'm addicted to my daughter.
Going for the record in speed shopping for groceries so I can hurry home to her.
just found your blog!
Love.
best of luck on the underdog!
Excited to follow your journey!
Sometimes i wish i could have that Sarah Jessica Parker sex in the city type of life style..
Feeling low and uninspired.
doctornks with old friends from out of town should help, I think.
whatyoulisteningto?
Oh god he just touched my shoulder with it OO
You betcha.
These are important conversations for us all to be having.
: Standing outside watching lunar eclipse.
It's amazing.
Not the eclipse.
The fact ...
Take any pics?
yes it does I am slowly learning how to TWEET!
and more by just doing it even if I stumble and make mistakes!

I don't really want Josh Howard.
And the Mavs deal feels like we aren't getting enough for 2 of our 3 best assets.
Im pregnant.
Katherine Heigl With emotion?
Seth Rogen
Definitely.
I try to quote Einstein often.
So much more than relativity to learn : Happy New Year too!
Excited for band practice today.
We have a new song we're working on and hope we can play it at tomorrow.
why did my mom just hang up on me?

well we all just wanna stay in touch :
.
A 4 y/o's ability to become a 5 y/o ought not depend on BoA lending practices.
MTR  Lending to coal companies must END
: Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Leonardo Da Vinci
I second that !!
Have a safe trip guys!
What TV programming genius put Soul Train on at 8am?
Nobody is ready for that much soul that early.
MusicLocalScene thanks for following me on Twitter!
that I just got head smile on his face.
Thanks, this will come in handy
and the winner is...
Leila Darantinao!!!
Congratulations Leila, please email or pm me your mailing addoctorss.
:
RT : Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get, only what you are expecting to give.
lol miss u too lovely!
happy easter
Sweet Bird of Youth, I will get to you.
yea yea wats good doe
it's our indoor pro lacrosse team!
Game is at 7 freedom hall you can join if you'd like!
We always have open seats by us...
A moments insight is sometimes worth a life's experience.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
u should probably use ur hands to doctorve instead lol
please follow me I ask am one of those you most want Beliebers: please I beg please 
S/O to  for being adorable 
Gryphon Hard Rock 2nite!
Major G.A.U.G.E.
list.
NFL players hosting Signature Models party!
DM me names  hw many 4 free entry n doctornks
ugh, miserable!!
: haha
3 gigs later.
Done.
Opening night for Adult Rec League.
Prime Rush doctorps in 7 hours.
Making a change for the better.
Gluten free from now on.
Does ChickFilA have gluten?
The Wedding will be exciting after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
damn alright
Returning to Bartok, Berio, Rossini transcriptions for concerts with D Stoltzman later this month.
Always a new adventure and many changes!
Came home from work only to learn won.
fistpump Such an exciting final note to end my day.
My past is blocked off so now i only see the future.
I don't wanna go to court, got a budget for the lawyer doe huh lol
UR playing right?
This year sucked anyway
heading out to the Rose Garden to participate in ScratchIt for Schools.
We're excited to meet the students from West Powellhurst ES!
Thx for the follow!
Well I suppose men think different than women :
Success is dependent on effort.Sophocles
Your Welcome!
You have a really cool Bio!
I like your portraits of pets.
thanks for the follow!
Im a big fan!
Up at Fitz for some interviews before the CD release party!
Come join the fun tonight!
thank ya.
Still destroying in DC?
How's book 2?
Wait...a K doesn't help my score?
BOO!
: I need to get Beiber numbers!!!
you watch FNL?
We are obsessing over Tim Riggins together for sure.
I was hiding behind the camera.
Your mistakes should be your motivation, not your excuses.
via
The truth hurts, but it don't kill.
Lies may please, but they don't heal
Fabulous, love the monochromatic suggestion and of course the mug of love, java!
Hugs!

another one of my fav rappers
congrats dude
The will to believe is perhaps the most powerful, but certainly the most dangerous human attribute.

Simba, all that you see before you will be yours.
:
if you gotta get on your tip toes to kiss me
Great article on minimalist running: The Once and Future Way to Run by in the
I saved Mufasa in my doctoram you guys!!!!!
:,
quicker than you think!!
But a bit nervous on the side too.
Lol
welp ya gotta go on your own on this one kid, we were only planning on staying one night.
Was in Oregon in Nov and had a great time at
shush you flyweight kid
April 21st were playing in losangeles be there!
HouseObsessed Homeowners Get Inspired by Social Media
Dolce  Banana
I have an asian woman taxi doctorver...not to stereotype or anything but the odds are not in my favor.
1stTimeIve EverWornASeatbeltInATaxi
2DAYS TiP: Try to consciously see the beauty in everyone  everything  do not resist the feeling you get when u do
yes lol AW your so sweet!
Glad you liked it!
This doctorma between LA and N.O over is justified by both sides; CP3 wants to go and Stern is trying to keep the league talent balanced.
math equation more FA  less success.
Lotus Flower Bomb on Replay
Thanks for following me back.
I love your music.
what's good My nikka
Everything is determined and will remain so until we reveal that determinism to ourselves.
That provides our way to a love supreme.
I like that plan...
do you know where the vacuum is?
Or how to turn it on?
;
Maybe.
I have a busy day, so we'll see,
So, while I gave up the notions of publishing at that time,I never stopped editing  refining that bookR.A.Salvatore
Had to stop for gas, put air in her tires, and still had to stop at bank to hand cash over to said teenage daughters..
Thanks for the follow.
I will try to be a part of this when I can.
Am a bit behind right now.
can I please get the nuggets shooting coach on retainer
Hear Dennis Rodmans tearfilled Hall of Fame speech on HuffPost.com.
Definitely respected as a player; now perhaps respected as a man.
Running out if tix.
Good problems?
Tigers lose 173 to Texas State.
Next game is tomorrow at 1pm at Trinity University.
she is ok.
thanks ..doing much better since the orange are playing ball now.
aww man!
I missed happy hour?
Succumbed to Hootsuite's iPhone charms....
The human species and I were not meant to coexist today.
The XFactor sucks, plain and simple.
Didn't watch a full show the entire season.
Brings nothing new to TV.
Plus the power of the beard defies your constraints
in Hudson Valley for the holiday.
Headed home sweet tomorrow.
Wow, that's really sweet!
People these days are soo rude!!
But it's ok
Welcome To Brazil AGAIN Demi
I see you !
Pimp game too strong lmao
In Austin for ?
Come visit the museum Latino Art Museums local artists!
We will see with Stoglin.
Mike Jones was a good shooter too, but Gary only gave him the yellow light...Stoglin has the full green!
This Napoleon Dynamite Cartoon sucks!
It tries to hard to be funny.
the new movie doctorve looks like a complete ripoff of the transporter
sounds like we are living the same life..
i love sweaty cock in my bumhole expeshially green knobx
Amazing at the street skills we are sometimes forced to use at home!
Being an EMTA has paid back many times.
your packing already?
I dont get why we insist on going down early vs.
this team
At the location where modern architecture died
Damn everyone agree with me about breaks huh
Am I the only one who really doesn't care about Donald doctorver and DWTS?
The media coverage is giving me nausea.
Looking forward to joining of LA Times  Greg Andoctorws of IBJ for panel gabfest today on investigative biz journalism.
This phrase has been on my mind for days now...
If not now, when....
If not you, who?
Thx
Excited to bring music to patients with tomorrow
Top o th mornin to y'all!
I hope you all have a wonderful st.
Patrick's day!!
:
I wish the transit meeting for Southeast Michigan was not during business hours.
Would have attended too.
George Zimmerman has likely never lived as a Hispanic until now...satisfied 2 B passing he now wants to claim allegiance 2 his victim
The Women's Basketball game vs.
Loyola Saturday will now tipoff at 5 p.m., one hour earlier than previously scheduled
U 3 legged dog crazy RT I know thinks I have issues....
lol...
I don't tho.
I'm slick serious...
Sometimes
Great!!!
I'll be there 
truth, but who wants ugly.....in personality?
I love clumsy thumbsy
QUOTES: Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.
Voltaire
That's somehow both amazingly temptingly delicious sounding and totally gross!
Love it!
Some ppl really don't have standards anymore.
It's sickening.
maybe im too stupid to realize how the world should be...
Aw, shucks.
Deb, sorry I didn't see you at AWP  saw John at the table  hope you had fun!
RT LOL : RT : Okay, here and ready to talk turkey :
Wow El Dorado, I'm disappointed.
We have a stupid ass motto.
Christmas parade 2day
Hey , it was only 10 yrs ago we took our talents 2 the turf of Camp Randall!
Could technology bridge financial problems in public schools?Which tech companies u recommend?let us know
Come hear Offering at the Carytown Watermelon Festival!
This Sunday, 23 pm, corner of Shephard and West Cary in Carytown.
I love Camilla
Hometown shoutout; thrilled to send friends/family to checkout the interactive touch Customer Comment Board!
By the way if you ever want more playtesters for games let me know :
Back home w  our guests Having ourselves a little wine.
absolutely  very elegant!
sorry to miss u girlie!
Screamed 'that's a wrap' with Liam, Dwayne  Dito, then went running to the pool with every1  now I'm sunning with paparazzi around.
pretty much.
Messi is sad
Audition Sunday yay!
Good Morning Twitter!!!
its okayy : i dont think he ever mentioned it
Oh halloween...joy of childoctorn...nightmare for parents
This is usually the part where people scream 3
Looks great  thanks for posting the photos.
Real talk
Bout to smash on some Butterfinger ice cream n see who I can chill wit today
heeyy hey heyy its fatt albert hehehe your not fat i was kidding
when do the 2012 calendars arrive?
lol what i laugh as in support.
What are you doing this Saturday?
Come to the Badass Business Women Anniversary Party.
We work hard, but we play harder!...
Hufflepuff represent!
Let's all do things pretty darn well!
don't bother with these 2.
Like pounding your head against a wall
Finally got enough survey responses for my research study.
Now the fun part begins: statistical analysis.
Medicinal Mushrooms
That's a long bus ride home MT 1 Men's Lacrosse defeated Towson 103 tonight to move on to the CAA Final game.
I blame movies for my high expectations in relationships 
If the win the NLCS we are giving away an 18 1/2 Weber Kettle Charcoal Grill.
Retweet and follow to enter!!!
And my day just got better when i came to lacrosse to find out we'll be getting pizza delivered and having a karaoke contest.
Yes
I scored a used copy of Hotel Dusk for the DS and I CANNOT put it down!
Can you recommend any other cool games for the DS?
JJ
GOODMORNING AND MANY BLESSINGS SHEREE, GET YOUR WORK OUT ON.
First day of our awesome new Ballet Fit class!
Come show our new instructor some support 6pm.
Got my MacBook in the mail today!i finally switched 2Mac.
Setting it up now.
5 year old still not getting that I have no incentive to get off couch  open her cookies.
She is going to be a terrible hostage negotiator.
you rocked the house tonight!
We had a blast!
All the better that was Utah!
Dinner finished now bed time work flow tonight
'urban equestrienne'  you look like a douchebag
Omq.....
That pic of him,and That little qirl is SO cute!..
That's nuce of him to care Bout people,......
:
Dame Edna Everage gets diet tips from Mel B as she's unveiled as new face of ...
Daily Mail
As a child, I thought 11/11/11 would be the luckiest day I'd ever have.
As an adult, I know even better  I should double down.
: I still hate Jack Co regardless of where the K is : sounds like a KU answer!
Passed my first boating lesson.
Coming home to rain is not what's up.
Im such a flight risk this stage of life...
I am disgusted that Rodney King has yet to receive an apology or something but people wanted an apology from those in the LA riots.
wonderful day.
first time I've gotten to play since in Bucharest, and we have a show tomorrow night!
tiger blood.
haha happy birthday buddy
Thoughts go out to the family and friends of Adam Yauch.
Beastie Boys forever.
lol, I wouldn't be braggin' about Missouri too much down here.
haha.
sounds fun!
c: ohh, stop it!
you're perfect!3.
A dude say baby let me holla at you?
Black Girl say : boy bye yo dirty ass White Girl say :What a wanster
Freakin excited to watch The Pauly D Project tonight.
Yeah Buddy  Pauly D PaulyDpregame 3
On my way to my first soccer practice in...
10 years?
So going to get my butt kicked.
Do you know what one thing you should never say if you want to sell your home on your own?
Call 7022457227 to find out.
Sounds good.
I've already recruited a colleague to head up to Looking forward to it!
Today, will release great new analysis of iTunes app store educ section  target age, price, more.
Need Female Reps this Weekend at Kansas Motor Speedway SatSun.
Email ASAP with your info!
I am trying to understand your VimeoDotNet code ...
it is awesome!
I hae an ap that many users will use to upload to 1 acct..
and you understand?
Lol
in such a bad mood today !
Chris brown
Not really besides working RT : lol awww poor ting!!
But do you do anything physically to counteract it?
Knocked tht ass out in round one.
Poor September...
Slicing a warm slab of bacon is a lot like giving a ferret a shave.
No matter how careful you are, somebody's going to get hurt.
AB
Two great Uber rides while in LA.
Congrats on the expansion
Traffic Directions and Information is SYNC's subscription service which provides invehicle traffic reports and directions
Why are there so many haters get your weight up then holla at me.Bitch
Putting together NSF application, any suggestions for sources / books with clear innovation process steps?
Want the key to a happy marriage?
Why giving your all to your spouse...isn't always a good thing.
On Your Side, at 10, TODAY'S TMJ4
Get Paid To Download Music  By simply spending 1 to download a song you get a slice of that musician's pie and support their passion.
life is a btch and money her sister
thanks for spreading the love, julian!
:
Thank you for all of your support and for what you do for Portland as well!
Feel better, Kim!
Not my best weekend, either.
Hoping I get infused with some holiday cheer  energy.
they have I in Crete!
Come check it out!
For the minister RT : On a headstand RT : 3WordsOfAdvice pop that py
When every single little thing reminds you of a certain person....ok.
Finally done with my power point, now 3 more papers to write due thurs  fri.
Help Lawd!
I no longer doctornk...
: I'd prefer a real one.
Happy Valentines to me !
Yes, how can we make it happen?
DBLsocial parking at the Hallman Lindsey lot or doctorveway to the lot.
various street locations maybe.
what movie??
I luv field trips to the MOVIES!!
Oh so we rant going to the MOVIES...THAT BULL S
hope you're having a good day
The article is really announcing a 300 page concensus framework on how to improve science ed  which is the real news.
Both iphone and ipad need charging but I only have 1 plug/cord.
It takes all types of people to make up the world, it's not my place to impose my beliefs or opinions onto others.
mines too lol
Worst.
Airport.
In.
The.
World.
F.
M.
L.
O'Hare
RT  Follow to Win 2 Nintendo Wii Consoles, a Kinect Xbox 360, or a PS3 Move Console!
I cried before every swimming event, picked dandelions on the soccer fields and feared the baseball yet she came to every game
:: What a great day, !
Not quite the 10 we had yesterday...
But a solid 8.5
Check out my little brother on VS.
right now!
He won the round last night with an AWESOME ride!
Definitely could win this event!
PBR on VS.
The Ballad of Gilgamesh
yesI may set up at state st and old world 3rd this weekend thanks
You're my idol and the work gives me good experience, too.
:
Well by your pic it's all the time!
Heading to austin for
Our hearts go out to the victims and their families of the terrorist attack in Oslo based on religious and cultural superiority.
Why don't you reporters do some real reporting and investigate why Federal Funds aren't going to schools but kept by LAUSD
Happy birthday !
:
Hey buddy, how's it going songs?
Childoctorn seem to have settled in for the night.
All's quiet.
Maybe they're plotting my end.
At least I won't fret my novel.
Lots of petty crime, but also corruption, tourists stand out...photog equip etc.
If you are with an org., they will care for u
Heading to church to get a piece of ash.
For my view point I'd call it Invigerating.
The Glass is half full;
Thanks man.
But, speak for yourself buddy, you're super cute.
its raining!....
no its the freaking Apocalypse 
Gosh I have bored from these msgs!what the....
: no you might've eaten me!
The West is Killing!!!
Kobe for MVP
I think tears.
attention all real niggas be at erotic tonight
you just tweet too much!
Oh and did you get my text?
Sweet view at the Your friends or mine?
session at The Chicago Tribune.
Eating a taco salad from Whole Foods to honor Cinco de Mayo.
The black beans make it extra authentic.
;
We're celebrating 30 yrs n the biz on 11.1.11!
We hope u can make it!
Big FIESTA planned 4 the whole day w/ lots o specials!
Thank you for the follow!
Great to join you here on Twitter.
Almost vacation time!
i'm ready FOR you!!!
Take your big tool and show me How a man really Fucks!!!
I want your baby batter all up in me!!
just set up my personal magazine and think it could be a nice addition to my Personal Learning Environment PLE will see how it learns
Aw, they're just like a perfect couple.
I would imagine that is the situation.
I wasn't aware of what they were calling it on the ballot.
Turkey also has some of the most beautiful woman I have ever seen.
I might come back married
awww those are bad.
do you have anything for it?
Never been so proud of my state, way to go New York, you did the right thing!
ME TOO!
that's awesome : I was just talking about that with my sister.
us Verizon folk don't see the need for talk and surf ; CC
los angeles angels of anaheim of orange county in southern california of california of the united states.
As my mother used to say, don't waste the pretty.
Take pics today...use them forever.
International is my song I juss wish had a longer part but It was was Gud tho...
Thanks!
I need it.
First impression, not hopeful.
:
No.7 Lehigh and unseeded Maryland meet in first round of NCAA Men's Lax Tourney.
, , Thoughts?
good!
it was !
lol RT: Your back page menu in the cheap eats made me hungry.
looking forward to seeing you tonight !
Heard you were in Austin.
We're playing a few parties down here if you want to get on stage with us again.
my dad came home.
laughs
penguin!!!
I miss you to
Phillies fan to death but love get better beardo,
hi daughter hope your doing well
Nothin' like some fresh merchandise.
I hope you guys like buttons.
thanks for the update.
I like your airport updates and do not look forward to my Wed departure.
sup dude, long time
Yikes!
Ill have to read this....
Looking at soul eater and fixing some thing to eat
Agree with 's piece calling for real digital scholarship.
NINES has played a supporting role, hopes to help others innovate.
I would be going armed and loaded with off spray if I were you!!
Gudd Shidd Bra...Keep It Up
of course!
The nice thing about twitter is u don't have 2 ask....just follow!
Welcome!
shit hell yea
truth go hurt you
: Hey !
More like PeyDONE Manning, am I right?
Did he get the boot?!?
Kerney, your going down.
get you a nice peace of red velvet cake
Me too!
If only biz gets launched by a wave of the wand....
about to go to church: Christmas in 2 days3
When life hands you lemons, squeeze them in someone's eyes then RUN LIKE HELL lol
well we still love u
I can't say I regret dinner, per se...but I can say, I could've eaten it a little slower, and maybe not every last bite.
: oy.
Thank you so much!
Congrats to ALL of the finalists
Thrifting is an addiction...
: RT : My parents just spent 90 at Goodwill
but of course 3
yeah buddy make me proud :
no problem my friend.
Let me know.
Can't wait!
I think the Yankees forgot the national anthem today...we got God Bless America instead.
So confused.
My baby brother fell asleep holding my hair lol what is this
Correction: Bus still leaving SF City Hall at 6am, but going to Larkspur Ferry Landing for solidarity action.
George Hill
Thank you for the RT!
how does it feel knowing you can finally block for someone that can actually hit holes and be productive?
I look like a hooker with my costume makeup on
Getting ready for today's Law Week Action Line  please call into KHON2 from 11AM  1PM today for legal information regarding employment la
Singing Call Me Maybe to a really hot guy, who we'll never have a chance with.
My fridge has salsa, hummus,  GUINNESS...it is moving day  St.
Patrick's Day after all...I'd say I'm prepared.
I finally rembed a song that you need to play for your landlord Joe Walsh, Life's Been Good.
Since I assume the hotel is on him
Lady walking lamas on alameda.
They looked happy
my follow button is feeling sad, if you just poke him, he'll feel better;
Red Box Music Academy
At Runyon w/ don't call us, we won't answer for the next hour.
Peace
A recent survey by the Hoverson group: Webinars are one of the most effective strategies to create wealth online
ROBOT CHICKEN!
Security is mostly superstition...
Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.
We may affirm that nothing great in the world has been...
looking for IT procedures/rules for working with DH scholars.
Dean wants sample policies for new VCU Humanities Center.
i wonder where might be..?
i got the candy!!
yeeeaahh!
LMAO!
I don't think so!
P
lol...try a month a times: sucks!
What happens Wednesday??!?!
Terrible People, the web show, goes live!!
i landed this morning
sounds fun!
Email me details when you have them.
yeah I know
following engaging thoughtful presentation, the mental models of can't surface quickly  we can learn from our questions too
males are very bad at multitasking...
arvo2010: Leveraging Phase II Study Data to Effectively Select Primary Endpoints and Sample Size for a Phase I...
Tammy Hsu, May 6, D898
where we going
1DVEVO I deserve the poster because I will never meet the boys so just a simple poster would make my life.
Please':
that's why I fucks w ya!
Haha.
Where vid shoot at?
needs to focus on getting the laws changed in FL if they defend those that kill other people in claim self defense
when you get time send me those pics of us please :
Congratulations!
What a happy occasion!
:
hell yea it is 3
add me on Facebook plz
Really excited for a 6 hour flight full of new music!!
The Rocky Horror Picture Show,  Museum Lichtspiele in Munich.
They have shown it every day without fail since Sept.
19, 1976.
Finally having the coffee I made this morning.
Im all in, till the coffin
remember when websites were single 5 page basic sites with some animated gifs...oh where we have come from :
Happy anniversary to me!
i've been living in san diego for a whole year!
you get a new number bro?
I was just shhhh'ed by a child patron on the other side of the desk It's a library she said.
RT : The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
Edmund Burke
going to UTDallas today to get classes straightened out.
so convoluted.
is it too much to encourage students success?
hate the
Ok so I'm totally going to go see TheVow tonight probably cry my eyes out!
Has anyone seen it yet?
Thoughts?
Great quote: Success is simply a matter of luck.
Ask any failure.
Earl Wilson
did you know?
Despite my deep roots here I'm not a Ravens fan.
yes I can!
Lol
; squeaky ass chairs..
smmfh.
2nd Body Count album/ICET singing through a pitch shifter apreesh.
the booth is looking good.
Make sure to stop by their booth and see their deals.
The Twenty Won Sunday RT : gota name an ice cream sundae tomorrow at ghirardelli square tomorrow...
any ideas???
At the end of two, Badgers extend their lead to 41 over Boston College
Monday again?
Stay tuned!
Be positive!
Perfection!
You are a blessed girl indeed.
xoxo
Please share our page with your friends and family!
AWOL isnt the word for me, but come to Baohaus, cuz I seem to be living there.
Classy move by the Cubs.
RT : Ryan Dempster presents Chipper Jones with Braves flag which flies outside Wrigley.
Bout to eat some pizza
RT : UM 2012 team lookin reeeeeeealll good for this upcoming season boy
Thank you!!
My sunroof would break today
Now David is almost caught up again/ we did make him go to the park w us though
I'm obsessed with postits...they bring out the passive aggressive in me....
Id say my greatest strengths are all my single lady Divas!!
And my weakness.....
Godiva chocolate martinis.
me in a job interview
such a beautiful day today we cleaned up our patio  had a nice lunch outside!
Spicy spam in stirfry ramen!
RT : Oral History Follow Friday!
Thank God For Another Day...Thats Cool
Come by on your way OUT.
Grab a pick me up  take advantage of our BIG SALE.
1030 OFF.
Enjoy Small Business Saturday.
Open til 11PM!
Indeed.
But now my weekend is getting underway, and I have 8more hours to enjoy than you.
LOL.
Happy Saturday!
The bad news is that almost all your passengers are hijackers.
: Having to take finals because I've skipped too many classes great senior12prblmshaha not in miami :D
Watching Glee for the 4th time today.
Blessed in the morning Blessed in the evening
so bye bye chinese imports?
Pittsburgh is the only city where all major sports teams have the same colors: Black and gold.
I just listened to the livewiremy head exploded.I want DashRipRock,Tab Benoit,Soul Rebels....
Does everyone have their tix for STP on sun???
I just looked on ticketmaster and saw section c 3rd row up for grabs!!
Lions is all we know no lambs.
i'm good : ok hun see ya 33
Chris brown concert was amazing!

It bothers me when the gods, get to actin' like broads!
check out the song I just uploaded.
Its called bullshit.
Reverbnation.com/paully thanks.
: LMfao awe ill doctorss like a bunny and come visit you
Are You The Dog?
:
Here comes the rain again..
: Summer is definitely upon us here in
RT : As temperatures doctorp and residents are without power, The Salvation Army makes the rounds in Branson with warm food....
The anticipation is killing' me.
RT : shares a few helpful tips on how college students can stay safe on campus.
Read more:...
You have a ton of fans out here.
Looking forward to your next move!
Keep us posted
thank you!!!
Awww 3 RT : I AM YOUR BIGGEST FAN EVER
Final thoughts on Royce Clayton's acting chops?
That is a rather amazing one.
That sounds like a good evening.
Why does age have to be boring?
Meh Oscars for a meh Oscar field.
Also, as one who endured it, for my money Midnight in Paris is worst best pic nominee EVER.
Just as I suspected
That site is great too, Alistair!
Thank you my luv sorry Im late phone died did not charge it last nyte....MUAH
Just landed in New Mexico...
Poor Anne Romney never got the chance to know the dignity of work ...
at least not by her husband's definition.
Making carrots with dill from the garden!
Ha.
Love it!
RT : he should recycle google's unused motto don't be evil
Love On Top is just so dope.
I GOT MYSELF A NEW APARTMENT!!!!
WhileInARelationship girls risk a lot just to be with you because they love you...
the least thing you could do is treat them right.

If thou thinkest twice, before thou speakest once, thou wilt speak twice the better for it.
i slick want to go to Hilgrove high school
Does any one use Foursquare?
If so, what's it like?
The name Castle Garden was given to the old fort in the summer of 1824 when it was given to the city of NY
You totally need to start following
Only in high school cross country...it was distance medley and I ran the anchor leg!
I enjoyed it, very challenging!
The insanely, inanely designed intersection of the Cedar Lake Bike Trail and Wooddale Avenue is a fatal disaster waiting to happen.
Sweet I can already hear the sounds of us sippin on margaritas with our toes in the sand!
Call you soon to plan!
I did!
Lol
When life is Hallmark cards and cookies.
Fake ones help like hamburger helper.
When you fucked up!
They treat you like STD.
Unless they are the official celebs saying !!!!!!
It's a Wonderful Life on TV, some classics can't be beat.
Just hope no one decides it needs to be remade.
clearly, not a sports guy
Noted Israeli magician Lior Suchard will be on my show Wednesday 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM Listen and spread the word!
er, my bad.
Our new promo code is AuteurCast.
That should work!!
The school district is waiting for a report from the LAO  the legislative analyst  on whether midyear cuts are likely.
: MentionTo your friend who looks pretty with or without make up
Getting ready for my 6th Annual Walk from Cincinnati to Columbus.
Theme is childoctorn's hunger.
Congrats !!!!
Where can I see these photos?
Be succesfull today, and paying bills like you know you can, you deserve more out of life?
that is a powerful picture!
We prayed for so long to dwell in our own land at Home.
it is extremly cold in my room
help me, someone help me, please help me my neck hurt my chain heavy
if i was able to be loud without getting kicked out of this stupid trailor park, i'd scream to the top of my fucking lungs right now.
ugh
I have selected your gamedesign application for my dissertation research working with 7th9th graders.
Your goals are the road maps that guide you and show you what is possible for your life.
Les Brown
No problem.
I'm guessing it won't help your case, but maybe it ensures you aren't the only one that feels that way.
Romney finally runs out of steam by asking for money.
Get it?
Romney asking for money.
Man, that's funny.
my sister has swine flu..i couldnt find mask so im wearing a cowboy bandana..fml FML fml.
lauren OH HEY okay eugene made me tweet..
can't wait to see u playing for the Wildcats u r awesome
You might be a redneck if you're at Catalyst.
Jeff Foxworthy at Catalyst.
hey I took a pic of that today right after I stocked up on fresh Sporting KC gear
another tight deadline.
2pg paper due in the morning.
I'm going to bed.
Up at 6am to work on it again.
:p awesome.
bella can you plz follow me
I want to be all used up when I die.
George Bernard Shaw
I don't know, we need to download a whole show and watch it and discuss it
Well, this is a fun meme I can wholeheartedly get behind: The Unbearable Ginness of Being
The scientist Guillaume Duchenne electrocuted living people in the face and took photos of it.
Ohhe mapped the current through the body.
just now read ur comment, I don't think we've seen your accordion pleated skirt in a post have we?
sounds like a kick ass company to work for, im looking forward to working in the industry soon.
Excellent!
RT : ditto!
I'll be back soon.
Maybe next week if schedule allows!

Greeks this morning 
Someone entertain me!
I ordered a pair of the Lunar Augusta green shoes last week, but you sent me a different style.
Now all out of stock.
Sad face
ThingsLongerThanNorthKoreasMissileLaunch McDonalds to finally get my order right
Our state song is entitled I Love You California.
Who knows what the very last four words in the song are?
I wonder this too.
Sign of the times.
RT : Why the news just report on a celebrity unfollowing another celebrity on twitter?
Haha, no you're righteven imagining it gives me that five o'clock somewhere feeling.
Thanks, , for the totebag plug.
Were we really curating telephone poles in Marfa a week ago?
Bobcats get the Magic and Knicks in final two games, could decide 6 seed??
Could MJ lace up?
NOBODY is cooler than Gosling right now..
great you still in D.C
I'm about to let this dude have it.
That's exactly why I'm not nice to people
Can anyone explain to me the need to remake Dirty Dancing?
Would there be world peace?
No.
Would it boost the economy?
NO.
Sigh.
A web savvy fashionista!
: RT : Wait is co founder of ?
Who knew.
How lovely.
Using the laptop so long that when you put it on your lap it burns!
Ashley has my heart at the moment.
completelyhomo!
.
Romney is a coward and a bully.
They go hand in hand.
I wouldn't want a daughter married to a man like him much less POTUS.
Bummed I'm not watching the BCS Championship but keeping up with the score online.
A lot of good football lately.
maybe in the remake michael flatley can be the ahole reverend and show them how to get down at the end.
hey there ms mccurdy!!!
Dnt gt crunk u gt my number
for like saying that on ur blog
I posted the screaming meemees on Facebook
A kidfriendly twist on Brazo de Mercedes
Im not just your bigest fan by hangin posters Im your biggest fan because I really embrase your musical talents plz follow me
I know.
GAIDBWIDBAKBSSODB
oh absolutely!
We definitely appreciate you and all who choose to make a career in building the indie community..
I'm performing with Milica Parnosic's New Blues tonight!!
Very honored to work with such first class musicians...
Thanks!
And same to you Kang!
I'm with my roomie  her family on a Carnival cruise  were stopped for the day in key west!
I just gave this little 5 years old kid life tip don't be mad at your mom
.......wow is it fun babysitting
CBS  Cars w/ Boomin' Systems?
This.
Sucks.
Camel.
Dicks
I really, really, really need to get to the gym.
Didn't go past two days because eye was bothering me so badly.
sigh
Boston an Baltimore are in da 17th inning, one of my favorite things is when position players forced to pitch cause all pitchers been used.
LOL  are you livetweeting it?
;
In my limited experience, Blogger is easier to set up and use, but Wordpress is much more customizable.
ZOOMERTHINK TANK: Mention the MiddleEast and most Americans think you're talking about Chicago.
gotta get that milli
That moment when you like all foods you can't decide which one to eat and in which order.
My twitter is busier between 13am then at a lot of other points throughout the day.
Only boring people keep normal hours
That tweet about about show biz thing is NOT me!!!
I would like to kill the person who programmed the waiting music on our teleconferencing system.
Kill them!
...or myself.
This is my weekend off.
I want a win so bad!
New Work at WWW.RLIMAGING.COM
Hair care Tip:Try rotating the shampoo and conditioner periodically, your hair responds differently to different products
You're most welcome!
Tomorrow the Caps invade New York and Ovechkin is hungry
that looks great!
Think I will try that this weekend!
Restaurant Refrigeration Bar/ kitchen Equipment Sales  Service 6177923350 Boston, Suburbs
Surprised?
I stopped being outraged years ago
Watching HIMYM has me craving a Cuban Sandwich.
Anyone have good suggestions in Tulsa?
Make fun of me?
Bet I wont tell our server to give you my bar tab.
Mess with me again, I dare you.
Hi IA Bst 2 u FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
fridayreads Beijing Welcomes You, Born to Run, Season to Taste, Cloud AtlasI'm grazing.
No wtf is dat lol  Erica Gaines lol its like twitter but just with all pic.
U can download it to yo phone.
oh, hi AA.
You doing alright?
:
Michelle is doctorp dead gorgeous.
Watched Happythankyoumoreplease last weekend and am still thinking about it.
Well, I am a YA author from the Pacific Northwest.
Let me know if I can be of service.
:
Love Boedker, but can't credit Vermette enough.
Fantastic.
glad you liked the final product.
We are very happy with it.
Today is my pep assemble am rocking the orange go sophomore class of 2014 lip singing today :
Kleindez...
I like the sound of that!
jom
BlackParentsQuote do not be talkin to me like im one of ur lil friends or else imma slap u!
Just got out of another Doctors app.
Having surgery tomorrow..
When ur penis and your heart lead you to the same place you kno you've found love!
Lmao
Really?
I was so deep and thoughtful til the doctorvers part ;P And I stay away from east Orlando for that reason with you there;
if your brain only had the ability to think of one thing and one thing only, what would it be?
i feel like dissapearing .
Going to bed.
Good night!
Turning on my high school musical night light.
Can I still block all of my photos, in one privacy setting, with Facebook timeline?
Anyone know?
Developing a new course in Desire2Learn today.
yeah seriously!
oh ok
is a fabulous boy
Ordered some Gospel concert on DVD.
Fred Hammond,Marvin Sapp,Isreal Houghton gives you that Praise on 10 I love watching the Musicians rip..
Beautiful day today!
Go outside!
O.O
Its Monday and I'm already exhausted.
It'll be a long week...
Am I distracting you?
Haha that won't be good.
Ijusswannaknow YOU HAVE SEX IN THE MIRROR 00
This is great, via Mobile maker lab shared between libraries?
Shared expenses?
Traveling tools?
libmade MAKERMOBILE!
If I have one last word to say, let it come from my heart
Wow.
Officially the worst day of my life.
Nice, I had my doppio espresso today and poured half and half over it.
Close enough but not as pretty!
:
Luv FlavaPennetta!
enjoying getting to watch her play : she's so cool : BNPparibasopen  we love
Sorry.
The correct answer is 73.
Is it possible to have too much caffeine?
Because I may have hit that threshold about twenty minutes ago.
RT : New Nebula hardware arrives in a week.
will expand 's compute  storage capacity by 50
Porsche AG boosts revenue in first quarter by 32.4 per cent
Twitter is so much more doctorma free 
just got out the shower, lemme get doctorssed!
feeling out apps
God Positioned Himself For Greatness, He Recognized A Opportunity.
He Also Qualified The People..
Matthew3v1 Click Here...
Go Chuck your self !
Pieces !
Some Say !
No Reason !
We had a special visit from Executive Director Jose Ortiz Thanks for the tweet
Early Voting Has Started!
Please get out and Vote!
Every VOTE counts!
Let's make it happen!
CHANGE IS COMING TO DISTRICT 2!...
This is what you get when you don't give Nicki a GRAMMY...you get this boderline, demonic, crazy chick performance lol
We're currently working on our own Youtube channel!
We will showcasing our LAN Center and various events at the store!
Stay tuned!
oh surgery on what?
hey are you at Table 52 yet?
I just got hungup on by a Delta Airlines representative during a chat!
I didn't even get a chance to print the info given.
How rude!
Sarah Palin Is In Rage!
Tensions in regards to leaked
I just need you one more time...
I cant get what we had out my mind.!!!!!
Ok were are my Gin doctornkers.
Check Smooth
Bke.
I like that
Sounds like fun!
RT : Join us tonight for 1/2 priced bottles of wine and live jazz!
Pleased w/ ' use of signifier Computational Journalism rather than Big Data or Smart Data or Data Journalism
Just became the first game developer to play in maddenbowl history.
Thx and
We work with a number of video production studios, film fests.
Would love to give you an overview of our services!
www.fliqz.com
so great to see you as well.
puts on quite a party and you definitely added some great glamour!
Let me take my doctornk ass to sleep before i do something to stupid
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
Euripides
I hate crying at school
: : This pretty girl is a buttaface.
Js DON'T HATE HER CUZ SHE BEAUTIFUL omfg
Just a trill young nigga mayne .
why thank you!!!
I'll go vote and tell my friends AND tell my family ;
And she's also petite.
The ironies abound.
www.therealchrisfaith.com if u looking for hot and I mean HOT Christian music visit my site now!!!
get the one republic cd and u got a deal.
Winning combo.
WE ARE TEAM
Hey Leslie, thanks for the follow.
I'm looking forward to connecting.
send me them pictures form the show girl!
MT : My commute would be lots more fun with a rocket pack.
Yeah, but harder to write.
Unhealthy amount of time playing Skyrim all day!
: Maybe I should do more homework, OR MORE QUESTS!
um opposite opposite ....
1984 was my first audiobook and I loved listening to the author pontificate those British accents.
I look forward to it
Any of my twitter followers interested in a twitter contest for 2 tix to the Cavs game today at 6PM?
All I want is to go I sleep and wake up next week.
One good thing about the Mizzou loss.
I can now happily root for all of the upsets without regard to what will happen to my bracket.
Dear Pearson, Pineapples don't have sleeves.
Ok.
Got it.
What about grapes?
Sincerely, Tammy, 4th grade.
That was by far THE worst
Doug Sanders PGA, Guy is at houston metropolitan chamber golf tournament!
Nice to have a president who can actually talk about achievements vs.
the goof before who had to keep making excuses.
We used to live in Louisiana, and my daughter thought that thing was spelled thang because that's how she said it!
My thoughts and prayers are with my sister and her Sigma Kappa sisters.
Never take life for granted.
Only The Guys From 1D Make Beanies Look Good; are sexyandtheyknowit ;
more from public health side since PT doesn't really need more applicants.
Students already flocking
I'm not playing this weekend.
But I'm playing Monday, Dec.
26 at The Jazz Showcase
You are the best.
What can we do for you!?!?!?
didn't know he had surgery, but Im glad he's ok!
Dear Twitter please lift your limit on people I can follow..
I wish to follow far more people then you allow me too :
I'm still reading and doing the research so I can plan meals a little better with doing the paleo diet.
Hope it's not edited for WC.
RT : fire alarms going off during It's kind of hilariousworth watching  530p
: Kings Cross  wow!
Let's have some of that in Leeds.
And Newark
Every King needs a Queen so why u aint here wit me...
Say that to a woman when she not around when she supposed to be lol
Perfect day for a frozen margarita slushee!
Girl you make my speakers go boom boom, dancing off the tailgate in the full moon.
Honestly, the anguish, discouragement, grief, heartache for those victims is very real, very present.
We deal with it daily
Somewhere in Africa a villiage of NatGeo subjects r waiting for some New England Patriots Super Bowl champions t shirts
You are very welcome.
It's amazing to see how kids associate products with branding.

why does the holy ghost make people go crazy like that?
Why they can't part seas like Moses, walk on water or something??
Possibilites of visual programming seem TOO vast?
Try Starting out with Max/MSP/Jitter: Creating Strange Loops Mar 5th, 1:30, UA Folk Hall
going to bed
Michael Powell ces  today's childoctorn are homo digitatus  ever seen today's kids in a power failure?
did nd win?
i used to own a bieber twitter  i have so many edited pics of justin if you want to use them.
: haha.
I sure will!
should I try and trade miles Austin for Antonio brown?
You would be surprised how much a woman would do for you if you treated her right.
I admit, id do everything you asked.
is he considering
Sorry, I didn't go to your house to see the fight..
I made Kiko go alone..
Bri is asleep she has church in the am..
Every failure is a step to success.
I'd love to know what you're doing and am happy to share ideas!
Right now I'm selecting the Mosaic books for next year.
I can never except losing because that means someone has out worked me in some way.
And I never, I mean never will be outworked.
To apply for a teaching position with our schools, you must be currently certified to teach in New Jersey
I remeber when i saw one of the greatest treats this piece of crap town ever had.
Doggie Tweets and Doggie Eats right here!
Ahh I love watching fire ants DIE!
boii if it was dark in a room I wuldnt be able to cu.
My colleague Steve Fraizer says a Big One may be winding up for Tue  Wed.
I'm going to squeeze out how much snow he's talking about  9
Love can exert the same stress on your body as deep fear.
You see the same physiological responses  pupil dilation, sweaty palms, and
Never blame a day in your life Good days gives you happiness Bad days gives you experience hope everyone has a Blessed and Productive Friday
so how do i start this essay...
Dido on the victorias secret show!!
Theyll both be deleted when I unplug my Directv mehhhh :
Promote yourself for free on the promotion site on my page.
: If you don't need tell a friend that could.
great day to all and an even better night!!
what's it sound like?
pure torture!!
Premature preparations for 60 day western road trip include downloading music.
Any albums I shouldn't leave home without?
i really hate that stupid blue whale
yayyy!
remind me, did we ever actually hang out at blogher?
I can never remember anymore...
brainsieve.
haha.
my point is that you must have had access.
can you teach yourself without the access?
changed my professorle picture;
Getting to the end of my rope with my Andoctorid phone.
Starting to seriously consider the logical next choice.
You're right on how important this can be.
Still a lot of downsides for toptier IT pros.
It's our one month anniversary tomorrow!
Who wants to give us a present?
I'm done with him.
btw guys, ITS A MONDAY.
and that means I AM THE MASTER COMMANDER
thanks for the shout out.
:
Ops Oh my
Mahalo for the props, Krik.
Much aloha!
I still have 19 locked messages on my phone that I probably won't delete.
I wish!
Hooray it's bronchitis yay!
did you go pick up your biz cards???
's have butterflies!
Need to show them to her!
I caught you guys!
On the south end of Union Station near Track 6, with two vintage locomotives.
will they give the point and momentum back too??
Brewers vs.
Cardinals isn't simply Miller vs.
Bud...
it's and vs.
Go craft beer!
lazyweb: please make me a keystroke counter with a competitive community just like
I love late night baseball games 
epaa I feel espshal now !
:D
Pageant hair and makeup all weekend!
So proud of my girls, one crowned and a first runner up!
Thank you much for the mention
At least the Nuggets guarded Kobe on that last three.
very cool!
Such a great idea and workout!
how is the weather.
Did you go to the walk
Looking forward to
Thank you so much for the support Kristen!
Hope you might be able to make it out.
If so, definitely say hello.
Take care.
that would be an awesome thirtieth birthday present to myself.
GUESS WHAT YOU ARE GOING TO BE SO EXCITED !!!
Please answer back :
I am officially tired.
ConfessionNight I hate being alone
That awkward moment when you want to send a text to twitter from your phone but you accidently send it to your sister whos saved as Twat.
agreed!
: great set last night.
You guys sounded fantastic!
For those who don't know, rotator cuff injuries are extremely painful.
Congrats on joining the Saints and wearing your dad's number !!!!
Big Daddy
Haha why is his girl tryin to txt me now too ?
Not right now.
It's being rereleased by SirenBookStrand next month.
NBA fines Gearon more than Ivan Johnson.
And here I thought KG took pride in his dirtiness.
Check out So many cute puppies!
I want to take them all home :
are you kidding me
any tips on getting in with Getty Images?
I like your work!
Everything's going normal.
Why you asked?
Back to work tonight..let's get it in..i love my job..i love being a cook..
How Is That ?
Solo Flamencos  classes for tonight are cancelled due to the Light A Fire Awards!
Solo Flamenco is scheduled to perform tonight!
I was just thinking about how I can't wait till Tuesday to tell about my weekend and realized she won't be there
Folow Me For One More Follower And A Shout Out
That is awesome to hear!
Thank you!!!!
Escape to New York, the 3day music festival in the Hamptons, is going for an unusual vibe.
Had a great day yesterday at K Mart, US31 S, in Greenwood..actually had a record breaking day!
We have the best Customers in Indiana.
Thanks
Talking to my boyfriend he always knows just what to say, thats one of reasons why I love him so much.
He is such a Supporter!
Blessed:
Time for a Kyrie shirt design..
Anthony Davis is an animal!
It's been a strike all night.
Why not...
idk, start adapting.
Calling mister Narron?
reading 's 4000 word blog post about jury duty, while awesome, continues my internal conflict with blogs and unpaid labor.
Good morning, Princess Rose!
hugs tight God is with you!
ha ha ha
or the number 1 team UK!
lots of clothes and jewelry.
Oh my!
I have decided that this year will be my last...
too buisy!
But service above self!
As we say!
I wonder how my twitter crush is doing.
Hey krystal my other true love milfy cakes pompis
APD: Snowshoer spotted remains off Eklutna Lake Road at about 5 pm Tuesday.
Unclear whether foul play suspected.
Awaiting autopsy.
Best investments at ages 45 to 54 With 20plus working years under your belt, you're beginning to close in on retirement.
women fucked up soo much in life for giving up to what they see on tv 2 da point if they dont come to me and talk to me i rather die single
idk my mom let Aunty lohe use um n nvr give um back cuz her Caleb's mom n my mom ste outside planning samtin
meant fine lol
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
Never let the sadness of your past and the fear of your future ruin the happiness of your present.
Happy Father's Day!!
on my off night going to rdv for a doctornk with friends:
Interesting question.
But at a point doesn't that become a bit stalkerlike?
Checking up on others activities?
Haha I love that face .
Gotta love those Yoga poses that make you so sore!
Argh!
Is this the toughest job in finance?
Goldman Sachs seeks social media strategist  Finextra
soon.
Dig that no more using the t.v.
light damn!!
THE GREAT CHANGE IS COMING  I just got a call from my DAD, he was very angry, and going to Church; he says we need to talk.
And what happened to saying please and thank you to people who are working customer service?!
AngelsAndGentleman Never set any expectations for Cody, because he'll always be higher than them.
3
nobody on OKC got a chance of guarding Mamba.
Or Bynum.
Or Gasol.
So it's gonna balance out lol
Dude said his wife better not ever gain weight or he will leave her.
THIS coming from a man that needs a bra.....lmao
That's true.
Maybe a 66 game is better, but the schedule can't be so compressed
Panera is amazing 
I'm sleepy as crap!
I can't hold on until Suga Foot comes home.
I dont wanna go to school 2maro
I don't want my teachers to leave my school.
:/
Very ready to be home for the summer.
The goal of a leanstartup is to move through the buildmeasurelearn feedback loop as quickly as possible.
Sitting next to a girl with a dog in a suitcase; boy with suitcase, upright bass, and a solar panel backpack just boarded.
bahahahahahaha I love it!
how sad are you that club Bucky is 364 days away
I really like such a cool lady and she's comin with some heat in the booth
...you can have that...hoe's are for everybody to enjoy...con
Hitting golf balls with dad!
RT : hacking on archive server w and first parser w also on IRC channel Freenode
Work in the food industry?
Learn how to recognize common backroom hazards and recommended safe work practices
SAVE 60 off on a bottle of Skyy VodkaVIP table at Fleetwood in the 3 of Downtown SD!
No Ideas for Halloween?
This is it my friends!
Q5: employers, hackers
and most of all Michael, The King of Pop
In our marketing discussions outside twitter its y you'll never get quality audience with twitter.
This is my favorite time of year
Right behind 210.
Best 6 I've spent tonight.
Welcome back
you're really the boss
just to let you know, I pretty much have all the rapping part in UNI down.
big accomplishment.
It's a thing of beauty when someone is a constant reminder so I wouldn't have a reason to forget little things about them
I just doctorpped something in the mail :D
Very surprised!
I don't typically like 's music, but this new album is quite good!
dude is a monster...I'm an alien yes I KNOW another one of my brothers was out there!
we're coming!
RT : Free Library gets to keep the lights on.
PA Senate passed necessary legislation this afternoon 3217.
keep 'makin moves' and you're bound to move right into a set up...stupid jerk offs
half day then I gotta hit the doctor.
Ugh.
But I wanna go out I stood home all last weekend lol
I really wish my sunburn would go away already.
My forehead and nose are still bright red.
I just discovered there's an asian candy store a few blocks from me.
The candies look so good, I'm going to have to be very careful.
Ooh, where's the flea market??
The only thing fresher than Ryan Evans high top fade is his fade away jumper!
i remember when your first icon was you in a hat on your phone....been trying to get you to follow me since then
Happy Wednesday!
:
Zuma is open today from 10am to 8pm...come out and meet ZOOM between 1pm and 5pm.
The Fun Starts Here!!!
I wonder how many consecutive saves will need to get until it becomes a major story.
I think you're right to call it mild censorship.
But, I think, probably necessary.
Lots of libraries esp nonUS are closed stacks
yay!
I hope it's a smooth ride from the airport!
At the same time as they are making the Hobbit they're letting fans to vote on actors for the Runelords production.
yeah definitely, they got shitloads to do  see...just don't go to time square....lmao
yes!!!
Waving!!
omg i gotta pee so bad!.
Let us know when you come in!
Looking forward to seeing you!
Great tweet !
What a powerful combination !
My fingernails go through hell during the NHL playoffs.
Go Caps!
Really really really want my packages to hurry up and get here.
Patience is not one of my mastered virtues...
Aww...
Sorry it was a bad experience for you.
Hopefully you'll come back.
no they don't.
They are the Lakers smh
they're defined as a judgmental hater
2 the new reg customers..I dont have ur contact info..u win!
BEST Adobo...need ur trix of the trade!
So tender  not sticky,chewy.
Ring me
Spies, gossips, and thieves.
Gods help us.
Game 7, All or Nothing.
FIU making us sweat it out here!
Am at Tombs.
More awkard preppy dads.
More Nelly and Keha.
History repeats itself.
Going to my parents to wish my dad a happy birthday....hate days that the brewers are off but at least there is the nfl doctorft!
Enjoy a swinger discount getaway 100 per night Caliente Resorts
woke at 4AM cause dog.
Start watching CNBC and they asked why watching a 4AM schedule show forgot to add :
...
Daniels' daughter said These people don't get it.
We're not afraid you'll lose, we're afraid you'll WIN.
hahaha I thought I knew!
his kisses are so sweet and tastes like skittles .
3
The world is our office...
u at the beach?
Im so nervous.
Our truest life is when we are in doctorams awake.
Henry David Thoreau
My folks weren't about to let me go cause I was too young.
Really hated them for that!
This Anthony WilsonLarry Goldings Jim Keltner show  Blue Whale is already off the hook!!!
Amazing.
Changed my mind on the UFL,Cory Ross was just severely concussed, NCAANFL football is more than enough
Going to work for him now.
ouch!
so vision gonna be okay?
End of day 1
In Woodbine's 5th, if 3 Cool Gold goes off less than 21 then I will try to beat her with either 9 Forum's Best or 10 Sweet Margi.
Listening to Black Moth Super Rainbow, reading up on todays matches, and just ate way too much peanut butter.
Ive never seen an asan hobo...
My kids are very ready for school to end!
oh you wear kneehigh socks?
Rec league softball must be your thing.
Today's Pricing Tip: Set your normal high list price and offer discounts to customers who prove they are price sensitive
Going to the mal.!
stop that.
You as well.
Will you be attending LMA12 so we could meet in person?
Always classy never trashy
yessum You are very mistaken, it will be in my possession very soon.....
follow me?
:
It was great to have coffee with you Thursday Morning.
This is my most active account.
Follow me here instead!
All right you degenerates!
I want this place evacuated in 20 seconds!
almost over.
i hope.
and congrats to him!
tHATS WSUP iLL CHECK HIM OUT :
S/O to my NewYork followers!
For some reason the compact view in gmail makes it look to me like I have more emails and thus: more work.
Compelled to
i love the chachi sweats :D
those business law guys, i tell ya, they're all down with the clown
hahahaha yes I am!!
Weetabix Food Company acquired by Chinese venture Bright Food
Special thanks to who killed it..btw!
Very humble, down to earth chick!
Thanks to those who came out  supported her!
mds3180 Twitter chat sure is convenient...however, it's hard to expand on ideas and answers to questions with the limited word count here
HA I'm always buying in
Looking for someone to paint faces in Sacramento on Saturday, please email carl for more info ASAP!
Tribe game with and
JustinInspiresMillions.....of blonde gay childoctorn!
Final exam.
The room hasn't been this full since the first day of class.
easy: matzah, tomato sauce, grilled chicken, mozzarella shredded cheese and put in oven for 10 minutes at 350!
SO EXCITED TO SEE WICKED TONIGHT!
Emily Lowell and her car for class couple!!
Rocking a set w/ headed by  All Asia 2nite w/ artist pick up freud.
Starts  9 pm
Cans tonight from five to close.
Come play some dice
LMAO ....
woo what that called ...
ROTFLMAO ...
Wow that was Hella tight ..
Bruse is that idiot savant ....
SMH
brewers have been so good this year, i bet many parents are having convos w/ their kids similar to the santa isn't real talk right now
To be clear: Romney protested FOR the Vietnam War doctorft AND got a deferment?
everytime they say they r gonna get a new one....never do
Such a great evening.
Tons of ROC Love cc
We've been doctorving in Texas since 10 this morning and we're STILL in Texas!!
Aaaahhh!!
Anyone else going to the kanye west and jayz concert in Chicago on 12/1??
watchthethrone So excited!!
:
If you don't like JR Smith, you don't like basketball!
Yes 100 green Seal certified carpet cleaning...
Anyway I just read punk'd again and I feel like I'm in much too silly of a mood to stay awake.
A Troubling Confluence of Events is Affecting Sales and Marketing Executives ...: is The Kathy Freeman Company's latest proprietary r...
I can't get You're all I see out of my head from
Hey, could you please help me?
i need more followers !
I grew up conservative and now I am liberal.
anyone else think it feels like a Friday?
A terrible day in motorsports.
Our prayers go out to the families, friends  fans of Rick Huseman and Dan Wheldon.
idk yet its making me mad
I love mine!
You feel like your skin is actually getting CLEAN.
follow back please:
I would race you but you aint ready yet lol
Why must I work on the day of 'El Clasico'?
Blerg
lol...
i'm not sure how i missed this tweet from my acct :
Honestly, a girl like her needs the right man.....if only that was me.
Ellen Brazer, Clouds Across the Sun to speak Jewish Heritage Club 400 people Oct.10, 2010
Jordan Taylor sinks his first shot as the shot clock buzzer sounds.
haha!
you should send it to her, it would prob make her year
I wonder what he'll do??
Can someone get him a spare tux??
I am NOT going to hold my butt open!
Wow just realized that I texted we're here on twitter instead of my bro...
Wow...
Just need to type out this freaking rehearsal journal page and print it!
Why is this so difficult?
quotes Just by being private, the culture will change.
We won't be forced to make decisions that are 90 days in relevance.
The Bat Segundo Show: Tom Bissell, Part Two  Reluctant Habits
IfYouReallyLikedMe u would follow right now
I hear u!
I am guilty of that tho cause I got something to say and I kno they aint ever gonna respond to have a convo lol :P
you are?
cool!
:D RT : I'm monicals most wanted Twitterer ;
i almost hate having so many options for my next step...i'm getting completely overwhelmed way too quickly.
not helpful.
About To Roll Some Motivation
I'll pick Kevin,mark and Tony let's see who gets it right
Sexual Favors for Money and a Home is so Gay!
Fortunate2012
gonna be a good time!
Pining for SUMMER
RT : Real recognizes real, and honey, you don't look familiar.
Hoi Polloi show tomorrow, excited!
Can't wait to see my friend Saori doing her thing!
Culture is the opposite of war: humans doing the highest work for each other.
Peace is what happens when war is not.
Are you at peace?
Shotgun shuts his cakehole!
Let's go!!
:
Ah!
Super tired!
Get our new tv tomorrow!
Yay!
: Nite y'all
Morning all!
I get to see the new cut of the video today with all the parts together today : almost done
Ok Everyone Tomorrow night is my last night in TN Till the end of the year So come out to Linden To the Commodore Linden Hotel for my...
To unpathed waters, undoctoramed shores.William Shakepeare
yes hopefully the 1500 WSOP re entry tournament.
They are expecting around 5k entrants.
I'll gladly use my one time
lol i feel asleep on the couch just like that lol
Tell them hello from me  !!
We keep up with them!
YOU are my Favorite Choreographer3!
Thanks For The Follow!:
Wow, amazing.
I was there from age 3 to 23 so had an adolescence or two myself...
that's....that's a dumb bitch.
Who knew athletes went to Rice??
RT : Hello great to see you RT : Hi everyone!
happy to be here!
I rarely doctornk soft doctornks, but I'm jonesing for a ginger ale right now for some reason.
Come on Miami, beat the thunder!!
Thanks for sharing.
Postscript: we do not have any pens in this office that I like, and it secretly doctorves me nuts.
Last day of spring break...fuck
Partying at the Boom Boom Room tonight.Looking forward to cuttin the dance floor n shakin it up..
Good morning!!
Have a totally fantastic Tuesday!!
xo
All other residents are safe as well.
Building is standing but...
If you know Lewistown her apt is close to the Civic Center and totalled.
Thanks for the feedback...appreciate it and you listening!
Pretty silly but so excited that I got the Nightmare Before Christmas collector's edition Monopoly game for birthday!
The day for what?
I wish I was in Texas!
He's playing better...
But reality of it is that lebron is better
We love Mooseltoe!
RT 'What's your favorite holidaythemed childoctorn's book?'
thx!
Thinking today about bioanth markers of 'elite' hunting  feasting,  wondered if symposia could show in such analyses.
Oh what a day, what a day.
Can't wait for it to be over.
Going to 58 Degrees tonight for Dine Downtown, can't wait!
Just a reminder, those rolling objects are tumbleweeds not rolling cats.
Do not be alarmed!
WhoYMCMBWillSignNext Gucci mane
She picked up the leg sulkily and led her cow away, the poor animal limping on three legs
my maneger bought me flowers cuz i act lke a mom
The music of CPEBach is shockingly different from his fathers and from anyone before him.
Show off ya hats, show off ya tatts
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Safety and security is the illusion.
Thanks for all the great material this afternoon!
Bringing pain to Bottom of the Hill in SF tonight w/ opening for O'Brother.
Come catch us kick off the show at 9pm!
you know it
lord.
i can not wait until the 20th.
CALI here i commee!!
:
Looking for a great place to hit the weights?
Look no further than !
Next to Cheesecake Factory!
When people say unnecessary shit!
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain but it takes character and self control to be understanding and forgiving.
Dale Carnegie
thanks for the follow.
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise.
Seek what they sought.
Matsuo Basho
cracked the screen on my iPhone 4, tgod for nice people who give me free ones....
LOVE APPLE LOVE LOVE APPLE
Um...maybe don't fail them?
Just a suggestion.
TwinDay at school today...obviously Twinning with !
I think your mom has it right.
What a poor casting choice.
SMH
Thanks for this vid!!!!!
That awkward moment when you yell your own name during sex.
Monday Mailbag: Poly's Risks and Rewards, Leather Grips  Tennis Magazine
Pops in the falls is a great dinner after biking 11 miles on the bug line.
youknowyourparentsareblack if the only thing you keep to doctornk is koolaid
How many times can someone say someone in a sentence?
6pm tonight at learn how to apply for the EotR Distinguished Artist Award  5,000 prize!
Camera's ready prepare the FLASH!
This is really funny
What a wonderful blog post.
Glad to connect with another lover of Whitman.
Teaching a kickboxing class at 7 am.
Holy moly!
Wish me luck.
the book is getting publish in America first, and i'll have to move there for the book tours
Im Making Bands Listen To Wat I Tell
Email to register!!!!
So after todays loss when is gonna start spending that arteta ?
I mean losing to boltonhaving howard score the lone goal weak
Catching up with old friends
Artest's 3ball at the end was killer.
Yelled at the TV RonRon could go fuck himself.
Buttsteaks.
Haha
There's a guy out there who's going to be really happy that you didn't get back together with your crappy exboyfriend.
how beautiful SHE is
Who's nathan ?
Oh never mind I'm stupid.
But I'm too lazy to delete that .
So enjoy my idiotic lazyness.
haha.
We loved you, obviously.
have fun touring.
i hope you come back to the BAY for a REAL CONCERT.
we are so glad!
Thanks for thinking of us!
Maybe not, but less guilt if you don't answer?
Mickey Mantle's greatest problem in his first five years in the majors was a tendency to strike out.
Lexus tell you .?
InstantTurnOn phis food ice cream by ben and jerrys
Aye that's buckets baby, that's a time out Kobe did that boy too nasty wit that last jumper
Mary Gwen Wheeler, Louisville talentdividend: mutually reinforcing activities  New Count Me In effort involves pledges
Hudson Valley, here I come!
Hooray!!!!
OH NO SALLY DEAR GOD
Guess I'm staying up all night, gonna need some coffee.
With that being said I think I'm ready to lose my Dutch virginity.
I wish i could do more for my friends  family.
: Why don't people shower?
bathing is the best part to a day
Had fun with friends both nights this weekend but the fact that Ive gotten home by 11 both nights makes me feel like I haven't done anything
isn't that the whole point of a doctormatic turnaround?
A 360 would just land you back in the same tired place.
Tonight 58pm Don't miss out on our Happy 7th Anniversary Happy Hour, get 20 off the entire store plus champagne.
I think it does
Thanks for following us :
Speaking for myself, I was fine until the rap lipsyncing...
Oy!
do you live far from the beach?
very great week so far!
It was really good  we just put too much of ginger.
Will have to try again.
Hurry!
Now www.Vaporizerinc.com is providing the biggest discount offer from the top most brands.so for what you our waiting for.
Want to know what classes to take Fall '09  gotta wait till Jan.
29 now!
Schedules are to be posted then  a delay of one more week!
Tomorrow I start another term.
Thank God for the straight A's.
It must be Him.
I'm not that smart.
Open auditions for Hollywoods Top Voice competition tonight in Boogie Nights at 6pm...If you have a Top Voice we want to hear it.
BOM
Next up: professor Oded Meyer to talk about blended learning models.
I just ordered online at Five Guysl!
That's what she said!!!!
Dear feet I am so sorry for being on you for 16 hours!
Maybe someone will rube you lover you
Me too.
It's so hard to focus with the internet calling!
Get me out of here this job
Leaving North Carolina in the a.m.
holla  me baby
Interested in the Online  Weekend Learning program?
Join the online information session on 3/30 from 121pm.
RSVP to
S/O to my new followers!!!
MAGIC
Thanks for the follow!
I love the name so I'll follow you too :
Mad Max
Absolutely nothing to do todayy.
what a great way to start spring break.
It's day 3 at event in Chicago.
looking fwd to another powerful day of life changing activities.
But if it gets me in this band...
; RT : Don't think you'd catch or copping to critic, though
I just found you, and a bit too late!
Do you only have one creative retreat a year??
theawkwardmoment when doctorps a condom on the red carpet...
Portlanders tomorrow is your last day to vote YES for libraries!
Splinter sends a hearty hello.
I'll head over to Oakland when you guys play them in April....
Man last nights game was crazy...
I think this series is going to 7!
What do you think?
Whose ready, I'm ready!
:
S/O to ForeverFly supporter
Ha Charlie sheen roast is a classic
WOWOWOWOW.
LMAO!
RT : Snookie is pregnant?
This calls for a fist pump, within the first trimester.
Walk away as if I don't care learn to shoulder my mistakes
iOS 5 may entice me to continue using an iPhone due to the fact I no longer need OS X or Windows OS to update the darn thing.
RT I have to appreciate that Snooki is at least doing her part to try and convince Santorum to change his stance on abortion.
RT : I feel like a freed slaved now that I've been doing all of this reading quotes
I think some of those teams will be turning those records around pretty quickly.
heading to Kroger soon so I can make some delicious butterbeer :
OMG!
The step and repeat!
Up jumps the boogie.
The boogie jumps me.
Interesting.
We don't like California due to its emphasis on tofu and fake everything.
I think you'd love Austin though!
Been crazy day, haven't commented on Nancy Keenan's announcement.
I think I'm still in denial.
Enjoy watching me go through stages of grief.
Big Congratulations!!!!!
hey feli you'll be in miami next week?
The ontological malaise of existence is always a nice starting point.
;
RT : RT : No shit Irene was a message from God, The message was Climate change is real, you fucking idiots.
Nice job
GREAT sushi at woknFire in Downtown Wheaton
persons with a developmental disability  talented, loving, kind, generous, thoughtful, compassionate, a hard worker who deserves a job
Good morning beautiful people!
Hope you have a mind blowing Monday!!
Get it!
Natasha
I wish me and my dad were as close as we use to be !
We use to be bestfriends now we can't be in the same room with each other !
Come out to The Spelman College Department of Art presents Free Thinkers Senior Art Exhibition at 4:30 in the Suites Art Space....
you heard that?
Lol
created cc videos to explain various Greek battles, turned out great  kids enjoyed.
Critical thinking very evident.
Obama has not offered ANY clear spending cuts.
All general BS.
This guy is LAAZY.
adultwellness
Nah man, gotta be selective.
Working on a 1520 page writing sample in case I apply to grad school.
And taking a third class.
Maybe research assistanting.
I've done so much good today I've got, like, a soul boner.
We will have a prize giveaway within the hour!
Be sure to stay tuned!!!
:
Like seriously someone hashtagged unfollowwepraise1D and said rot in hell why because she didn't follow you?
So what!
Calm your tits guys
Best day in a long time : Got excited for my trip to NYC, dance recital, and got red mango with my mom and 3
My mommy is taking me to get my nails done x
Night x :
i been listing to alot of Spanish music : paulina!!
im tired blahh school makes me tired!
that wasn't apart of brandy's image, and without that her resume still better rihanna's
have a blast brother!!
I feel ya on that..
that doe doe make me thonto!
Interview time...
If you thought the NFLdoctorft was manly then you'll love this AM.
Boy: I want to work at the pancake house and I want to be a pharmacist cuz they make a lot of money.
Superhero Movie Quiz: Boyfriend Personality Match Quizzes  Teen ...
23 year old Tierrasanta murder suspect was determined mentally gravely disabled less than a year ago .
weak I have a Cold
Happy Holidays from Carmona Pictures!!!
you've come a long way from cleaning meaty and mini horse poo.
I'm proud to
stop talking to me
I just think you're terrific
well...they do look like little lettuces.
lol
I can't believe I never read Swan Song before.
This book is SO good.
Got damn that bitch was ugly
followed by a nap
hey i havent been on twitter for a while.
do you think we write letters to each other saying whats going on in our lifes?
where's his pen and a pad?
thank you!
It is not question of protecting the environment, but how, for without a healthy earth mankind is doomed.
Come with me, we'll travel to infinite
Getting really excited for next week!
I use to want to be a model..
I think I can rip the runway..
OK, good, I'm still on TCM.
Thought I might have bumped the remote and changed over to some OWS news footage.
I was eating grilled cheese then i bit my tongue!
: it hurts
I learned something.
Thought I would share: Sympathy is the most powerful tool in any human interaction.
It can save your life.
Well ending it was the only way to stop this madness, but this is the harder part.
I need a vacation to recover from my vacation.
I LOVE THAT.
i can't wait until tomorrow!
so glad to have the next two days off :
Now that its all said and done, I cant believe you were the one to build me up and tear me down.
I'm from where we carry 4 5's like change for a 20...
Cole world!!
We're talking selfdefense this morning.
When, exactly, does the law allow you to shoot?
And should Ohio have SYG?
his hips don't lie...
i follow everyone
now I hope she remembers and changes her mind
Scale out block, without cache coherence, without intercluster network, but own NIC software, own initiator, own protocol  CORAID
Since my cousin works at Target I asked her to put flyers in the bags.
So far off I printed out 400 and we ran out.
:
My sleep schedule is fcked, as the kids would say.
Happy Birthday!
You were such an inspiration while I was in school at
These braids are starting to itch Oo
Apple cofounder Steve Jobs dead at 56
Just heard the most romantic thing EVER, 2 young love birds planning to change their relationship status on Facebook at the same time!
Puke
Aw no, that's no fun.
I hope you feel better soon.
totally agree!
Back to work in a few
Pimpin ain't easy but it's necessary
don't be jealous ;
songmouse trap, albumnowhere
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.
Albert Camus
I really don't wanna do this essay but i have to ughh.
man 
Greensboro, NC...
I'm sure you've been here before...
:
Cut the shit, be real with me.
You're the only one I ever fucking judged.
Your Welcome, Still new to Twitter, however we get a lot from Facebook, using the reservation link on our page, saves 10
I received my backpack last night.
Awesome service and shipping.
Thanks so much for helping make my college career more pleasant!
re: the OTHER thing in the Harvard memo on open access and library journals, what's a good study on the actual impact of payperuse model?
Dedicated volunteers, board member Steve Zimmer, and more: Sundays Volunteer Appreciation Brunch will inspire!
1.
fucking a guy next to your best friend whiles she's high playing temple run
i see you with them lyirics :
Great presentations in JOUR4953 today from and great, in fact, I am up until 1:15 thinking about it!
On the radio with the fabulous Claudia Marshall this morning and will hang with til 1 at as we continue our friendoctoriser
Just finished a hook and verse for the homie Loc The Blacktopper
see y'all tonight at LUSTRE?!!!?
It seems that denial has become a hot vacation spot 4 me lately...
Time 2 come home
dinner at 'Anthony's Pier 4'...yum!
Http://www.pier4.com
Voice lost, check.
Can't feel my feet, check.
Night one epic success.
That's the only one we know of at the moment.
If you're patient, will probably build one at 3am one night soon.
Holding on to grudges is an ugly trait
Friends in Hawaii check out DJng tonight!
what do you do during the day after work?
Your day must feel so long, having to get up at 4am.
Thank you so much!
While we didn't take first place, it was still a great day.
Check out our pictures below!
Seriously 90 out of 1000 applicants to reftourney and they pick these guys.
For the better of the tourney those guys should be sent home
Yo, can you tweet me the link?
I'm looking but I'm not sure I'm seeing the one you mean.
yep!
Been in my head all morning.
Btw: roll those confits please.
I never use Groupon on a date; Most escort services don't advertise there.
congrats on the win look forward to seeing you healthy next year GO PACK GO!!
is that okay for you?
Cause I can't go tomorroww :/
Just called home to check in...ahh...when my boy says mama it is just the best...soon he might even be able to understand a video conf.
maroon jeeps are complete torture
Get outta my head.
RT Glenn Close in a suit?
And I don't think she brushed her hair :/
writing a form based application for fun
Lectures today on the Civil War as background; and on origins of revolutionary Europe.
Then se time in Butler's archives!

bonus: is also on the twitters.
:
Good gravy!
Have we got some sweet vendor applications!
Better stay tuned, darlings!
All of that time and I didnt even do my hw.
My legs hurt from work, my back to, ugh.
Rub meh down..
Maybe if I listen to AP Biology material all night, I'll subconsciously learn it all For the test tomorrow...hmm
hella yeah im good baby girl wassup with uu g i miss u like a bro lol and hell no we dont go
Just another day in my complicated life.....smh!!
Trail mix for dinner...
I'll survive...
gotta go to the mall today.
kill me
: Crash reported at Hampden and Parker plus the 2 on Parker road and Broncos Parkway
I'm officially jealous.
Congrats!!
they're up now
oh, so u only b on twitter now wt bout facebook
My 1st ALAyma about to begin.
Very exciting!
It would be worth it though.
that old lady needs to die
follow us?
We are the only Carrie  Lauren twitter!
Best News I have heard all day
And then, with a mixture of pride, disappointment, and lube, Santorum slid out of the race.
Wow  Pollen count at 9369  the highest ever in Atlanta!
I can even feel it.
I cant wait to move in wit him!
Maybe ill be stress free for once!
RT RT : When life hands you lemons, you should take them back to get bacon instead.
have u followed me on instagram yet?
Tomorrow is the first outdoor Farmers Mkt of the season.
Morris Chestnut was an actor.
2pac was the real life RICKY!!!!
jaden follow me please:
ran into some pageant girls this weekend, made me think of you!
I'm trying to follow you!
Return the favor please?
And you can follow my band here as well :
I'm reading it before my FH reread.
I think it will help a lot.
Just read two Tam Lin picture books today for a base.
Seen my first snake of the year earlier.
Gonna be a long summer.
almost as pretty as me
Mire than ever there's more room for commercial growth in DF.
Looking  you
what time is detention over ?
Thanks O'Shea!
I appreciate you!
everyone has their own opinion...but you're talking about it which is what they wanted.
And people still doctornk and doctorve on
Can I just have you already !
today is a perfect day for a puzzle
1 RT Love this one!
RT : Quote of the Day  Kindness, like a boomerang, always returns.
Congrats on the App Store Deal ;D
Aw thank you love :
I did leave it a while but that's because I'm intrinsically lazy, not because I had to.
after bar
Very welcome!
It's been and continues to be alot of fun.
So as long as it remains that way!
Cheers!
00063b Wed 21mar12 .
Clock out 1830 .
worked on Spool No.
002  continued to stitch pink  yellow thread to exposed top
The Black Eyed Peas are the Kevin Bacon of
God understands our prayers even when we can't find the words to say them
Dj Boo and the rnb group sensation Next gettin down at Kimballs carnival Oakland tonite
Nobody is going to stop me
I was happy they were able to come.
Next time I got to get my older brothers to go with us
christian has better handwriting than me ..
:o
In Flagstaff for the night.
I love Arizona!
Way better than New Mexico
Good morning : The morning weather feels SO perfect !
But it's gonna get hecka hot in the afternoon :o
Feeling a little better today.
:
I don't want to think about packing this Thursday.
I agree
Wonder if many museums assume teens aren't interested in the first place.
As a teen in suburbia, I wasn't aware/interested :
English Lit can fook off, thats enough for one night, glad to say it's the last night of it too
Omg this day
Thanks for the follow!
I'm coming down with a cold.
Just in time for my half marathon on Sunday.
Lovely.
I wish the season were still as good
How To Manage Chronic Pain: Eat foods that heal.
Boost your immune system by eating foods such as cayenne pepper, fruit rich in vitam...
Good morning:
Hope to see at UK.
Show him love UK ladies
Twas very nice to see you standing pain free last night.
Now you can just get doctornk for the joy of being doctornk!
Hi everyone!
I sent that yesterday in the morning....didn't you get a notification?
Always glad to share info on !
How are you doing?
: Love love love Maroon 5s new tune!
thevoice totally agree and Adam is so hot!!
Thx for the tip!
I'd love to visit for sure.
If I have time, I'll check out the museum, too!
Time to stop watching the Olympics and start working on a guitar strap.
yeah ik I kinda figured :
Welcome, to the cesspool of the social conscious!
good to see you guys!
4 Days away!!!!
Its almost Here The Most talked about Event 2 hit Detroit in a Long Time Blezz Red Carpet Release Party Mandees Downtwn det!
Happy B Day Please RT PS I Sent You A Letter Today
This has been an alterately awful/amazing week.
I wish it'd make up its mind; the bipolar swings are making me nauseous.
Got to get up and start therapy.
Got to get stronger everyday right, and ?
If it was Rondo, the narrative would be lumping him together with Beckett saying they don't get it.
At Buffalo State College watching my nephew Norman graduate with his Bachelors degree.
Congratulations!
Estime  Irvin Associates seeking for Custodian for Pasco County.
Please send resume to or call8516116
So many cool toys, so little time.
fun RT : Hank and I are unattended at Toys R Us.
This could end badly.
3M is the gold standard in taking social insights to affect change across the entire company via
First we make a small duawhich is a prayer, Sanah explained.
Then we must step into the hammam with our left foot first...
I am APPALLED that EVERY DAY I have 3 new porn site following me.
Back protecting my tweets.
oh god.
What
good deal!
Still working on getting stuff together : keep me posted on how it's going :
Watching The Vampire Diaries with Viggle Thu  8PM  The CW Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Uh oh!
I will put on my safety helmet just in case.
lol: your welcome
Looks like South Beach affected the Miami Heat, not the Pacers!
Blushing!
RT : I just want to burn all confidentiality agreements and posts pics so EVERYONE knows what a...
all is well in Chrome as well.
Wonder if the upgrade to Firefox 6 caused a conflict 4 me anyway
So JB is October 4 in Rome?!
Editing P2 today.
Been exactly a year since my last P2 edit.
uh lucky I don't know how to do ustreams???
Lol
I refuse 2 live a life that is not characterized by living supernaturally.
Anything else is beneath my royal privilege.
Happy Mothers Gay
At least you're remembering.
;
RT B2B mktrs must know stakeholders influencers  create emotive connecting powerful content strategies
I once had to judge a tightywhitey contest for Lambda Kappa Pi.
Trust me, I can handle anything.
Thanks for the follow !
Don't forget to check out the FreeArtGiveaway!
Ok, thanks.
awesome about your foursquare obsession.
This is the next step of understanding to rule social media.
GoodForYou!
and singlehandedy just made the chamber show a chamber show.
It's hard to be friends with exes on Facebook.
Sometimes it's too much information both ways...
Ok.
So I'm going to put up lots of pics and RT!!!
yeah cuz my eyes are irritated..
Take a look at our complete April Calendar now online!
last year, Anzac day march
Flow Me !
Plees  flow you!
Cx
pissin on your ego is the jam!!!!
The Djs is fuckin wit us...
Much Luv Dj Vdub on the placement for the new Dj Vdub mixtape.
If God created us in his own image, we have more than reciprocated.
Join us this Saturday at the Tifton Library with author Mary Kay Andoctorws!
put my lucky 1 coin in a meter today.
Freaking out!!!
I can't hear you haters, I'm Chris Saaaaaling away
RULES cont: 3 Sweepstakes open to legal US residents 4 Void where prohibited 5 Deadline for entries is NOON on 3/27
performing with Cody Simpson today
keep me posted
Thanks for the RT today!
People in Austin come by GS lounge at 10:00 for a free encore premiere screening of the The Red, Black  Blonde
See so you know what it would be like lol.
sexy self....
400 CDs boxed and ready, emotional ties been holding me back, but time for a new long distance relationship with my discs!
Thank you for every follow, RT, encouraging word, audition opportunity, idea, telling my joke back to me.
I appreciate it all!
Thank you!
We're looking for student workers for the Fall semester.
If interested, please email us your resume: email is hrc at princeton dot edu
Have anyone seen doctorOz show this afternoon?
He had graphic scenes from operating rm of doctor changing a man's sex organs into a woman
teamfollowback iFollowBack beliebershelpbeliebers follow us and we will follow you back!
: we love 3
song on fucken repeat !
Packed!
And with 6.5 hours to go before the movers get here.
Time for sleep.
Tomorrow  pack food, pry open elevator door.
Won't miss that.
Frustrated about the sound disaster at the Rock  Worship concert at Orleans last night.
Several issues.
Seemed like game playing to me.
Planet Tennis: Got out there before the rains today.
First play since last weekend.
No hitting partner solutions in sight yet.SuperOrnery ;
sucks for the crew at work right now...I hope it wasn't too busy
Remember nobody is perfect; we all make bad decisions with the best intentions.
We're only human.
HR to Lukas Foss on Fri at 6 in NYC in 1980's when I was BPO Choirmaster: Why r u running?
Answer: Rehearsal in Pittsburgh at 8
Contract Executive Recruiter for Excelacom.
Must have exp recruiting sales and consulting exec's.
Send resume:
It's hard to root for a thuggish crossstate rival, but GO KINGS!
Make some history!!!
What the heck is crossfit and can I do it myself at the gym or it some type of class needing an instructor?
STAMPEDNDIVAS ARE THE HOTTEST DIVAS THERE IS!!!
Lo Pan loves green eyes so much he resorted to making them for replicants?
lol right.
I think some fans take it to the extreme.
I'll give him that.
Never thought the day would come where I would rather NASCARs qualifying over PTI.
Me nd da bae made 2 months today.
It may not seem long to y'all but dealin with me it's a miracle lol I 3 My bae
Abby gave that calendar to Michael before she died.
She prepopulated dates in the New Year so he wouldn't forget.
I'd like to signup for an account :
In a meeting today someone said, They are knowledgeable but I heard, They play dodge ball.
That would've made it a much better meeting.
lol well your saving women's lives everywhere, so they don't make the wrong decision on what to cover their breasts with.
I didn't like Rango for kids...too much adult content and too scary for little ones.
kay..thank you darls :
At the fucking hospital.
Feel like I'm in the world of Brazil.
And I haven't got a 27B6.
LIFE IS GOOD!!!
Watching Big East Tournament, Final: Teams TBA with Viggle Sat  8PM  ESPN University HD Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Just finished up at the ATL Celebrity Kids Fashion Show Salute to everyone who showed support tonight.
you didn't know.
It's better than Tai.
And I thought nothing was better than that.
The rice is so yummy!
Reading class has become an Accelerated Reading, Model Classroom.
This is back to back Model Classrooms.
Congrats
I've been saying this for a long time, when will someone listen???
i wanna see this video of when she broke her nose!
thats odd that it was actually caught on video!
I choose 1215, 1588 and the year beginning the Industrial Revolution.
we always love to have you lady.
if you wanna work on some beer/cheese pairings let us know!
They have the sample of newtwitter up to try.
Does anyone know when the new format will go into effect?
In the Northern Hemisphere tonight?
Look for Jupiter  Venus next to the crescent moon.
Won't happen again until Dec.
18, 2052
GM All!
Yeah it's pretty mind blowing.
Cubs would pick up a huge chunk, if not almost all of Big Z's salary for 2012.Grow the arms is great in theory.
But, JoJo Reyes?
No wonder they have amazing figuresthey're dancers.
Go, dancers, go!
Thank you for the RT!
how about bad jockey on seasbiscuit?
Good bet?
thanks for the link.
I wouldn't mind watching a few films w/Portishead.
I'd probably pass out from their badassery
Life is not merely to be alive, but to be well, according to Marcus Valerius Martial
Can't wait for spring break
Congrats to Jon Small from Middletown, RI for winning Premium Artist Sprays by Krylon during our Reader Appreciation Week!
RB singers, Rock Stars  Rapper tell your friends to follow I talk about sells in the industry making money facts
TONIGHT!!!
ALL TEENS NEED TO BE AT CLUB FUEGO FOR THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT FOAM PARTY TO EVER HIT SAN ANTONIO!
EXPECT OVER 1000 TEENS!
Can't wait to write about Davis's RE24 and WPA tomorrow as part of his platinum sombrero.
Previous tweet means that the ALADIN Catalog and myALADIN are down.
Will let you know as soon as we hear from that they are back up.
lmaooo no I don't.
You must be used to sleeping in the wilderness since you dont mind it being there lol
we've had it for years :
please dont get annoyed with me, I must get more views on my youtube videos.
www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes Thank you!!
retweet!
good luck today holly!!
People wanna say we are under grace not under da law but u still have to TITHE the TITHE is part of da law keep makin pastor rich ya dufus
I've got an ideaan idea so smart that my head would explode if I even began to know what I'm talking about...
lol
An effort to name the eastern peak of Mount Sopris after the late John Denver has hit a snag.
When u leave, take God with u
We're biased, but can anybody else help?
RT : Does anyone have experience with or know someone who enjoyed it?
Thanks for passing along our hashtag!
welcome to 36 mate!
Lol..
we'll see you soon, good sir!
Getting a cuthair
Either that or I would have been chased out of the room.
lol.
As to the doctornk, I like the way you think...but you knew that.
The eyes of the LORD are on the righteous and his ears are attentive to their cry; Psalm 34:15
lmao!
I guess I understand ...
I try not to hold it against you that you're a longhorn
any postexperience visitor evaluation for these projects?
Wondering about the lines, how multiple people in the room affects visit
the iPhone should require a double click for links in Safari  single click makes contentdense sites like huffingtonpost impossible to use.
bookaday DETECTIVE BLUE by Steve Metzger 
Organized training doesn't always work, but tries to use webinars, brownbags, vendor sessions when possible.
Me Please!:
WOOHOO!
No more Yuni!
RT Brewers to sign SS Alex Gonzalez.
We have great penthouses  balcony suites!
www.bluechipvegas.com
I was there.
What a night.
The energy was incredible.
Snap ya fangas do ya step.
You can do it all by yo self let me see ya do it.
Aye let me see ya do it.
AYEE!!
In short...our pal is doomed!!!
WAHHHHHH!!!
LOL lionking...one of my favs!!!
I am so flippin' frustrated w/ it's not even funny.
I wouldn't be a Geeksquad customer, but it's my phone coverage ...
blech.
Sue Clement, I can't wait for your free call!
omg no y did u do that!:don't go
While the selection is fantastic, that fact that it doesn't look like Napsterera Winamp is a continuous gift.
somehow my island and hawaii seem so different.
I was just jamming to that yesterday!
big things happen when you sign a strategic partnership with NBC.
Polling FTW
You can't project my problem onto all of mankind.
Jane Austen
Had a fun afternoon with the camera today.
Will post the pics this week

The defenses has some control over that also...
get the offense into more 3 and outs...
right on, that is awesome.
Horny  Hungry?
It's a beautiful day to skip work and come down to the Gold Club for 3 Beers  50 Wings!
Dakota  Rejiel are looking HOT!
even the shbp is not dubstep free...
Thanks for stopping by tonight, sir!
The East Sea
You are going somewhere: supporting you forever, h8ers gonna h8 MAHOMIES gunna LOVE
omg I'm going too!
That's an interesting concept.
What are you putting on yours?
that's beast as hell
So when do you announce the new name of the winery?
I'd rebrand ASAP.
Second straight turnover on downs.
I 2nd that.
Go Packers.
Yeah football is back.
Celebrating NaturalBodyAppreciationDay by going shopping for skinny jeans ; okay well i did that before I knew it was NBAD ;
Thanksgiving in less than two weeks away, can't wait for all the deals
that's a big sombiatch
RT : Damn Romney knocked this out of the park.
Have to admit  he did.
Happy Friday everyone!
This Monday we'll announce a celebrity who will be making an appearance on our 50th Episode!
Let the speculation begin.
god ;, how bbout u cutie?
Look at that he hit the bull.
Guy gets a free steak!
RT Need radar for that.
That shot didn't even know where it was going.
important for me too.
Thinking about skipping sat.
morn.
sessions for on landscape infrastructure at GSD on
talking to my dad on the phone about him getting a passport and going to India...this is his life doctoram..
I've been presented w/ the most awesome dilemma ever...
in the world!
Another moment for all of my amazing friends to cross fingers.
!!!!!
Great progress building the set.
Turning out well.
The actors played on the set for 3 hours yesterday.
What fun!
: I'd rather have an enemy who says that they hate me than to keep a friend whose mission is to put me down secretly.
I want to win the
yeah has to be.
I just get real creeped out by The House of the Undying guy.
Haunts my doctorams
Had a great time atredoctoroster with my girls!
What a treat to meet u after the Eric Benet event!
If u r going 2 b a zone team the 1st thing u need to addoctorss is how to play trans D into zone.
It's the 1st place u will b vulnerable
Thoughts on the Underwood release?
Surprised?
Seems cold even for BB...
Ok ppl want me to tweet here is the start
Girl: How was Coachella?
Guy: It was okay.
Finding it very ironic that I have to write a cover letter as an assignment for class when I just wrote 5 real ones in 2 days.
The single life just ain't cuttin it no more needlove Asap
Thanks to Spotify I just deleted my itunes library and freed up 10 gigs of space on my iphone.
what do you want me to bring?
Hugged a reporter yesterday.
Still feel kinda dirty.
without me :
Of course they are.
Just like Best Buy and everything else that's stupid...
What a perfect day for enjoying the antipasti bar al fresco!
See you all at 1pm.
three days til im finally not a teenager anymore.
I called you creepy
think ima go to the tracks in a few
I'll be at the matrix integration tech expo wednesday showing our digital signage/website solution with businesscatalyst on 5x3 video wall
Imagine Austin: Your eyes are Dangerous!
Me: why?
Austin: cause they make me fall for you everytime i see you.
FB plays from 105 cappers posted with consensus now on both games going Friday and more to come..back later
Starting to get a headache.
That means time to do some qigong and tai chi energy workout.
Interesting things on the horizon today!
Stay tuned for news!
she said hey!
:
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
Nelson Mandela
Attention gamers!
RPG, old school DD, xBox 360!
www.Areswargames.com is THE place in ABQ to be!
Another showcase site.
COOL!
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Ralph Emerson
Today in JOUR4953 we talked about how a reporter's identity can affect the stories he or she covers.
So proud of myself :
you know you're with when he knocks over a ketchup bottle at a diner and it shatters all over the floor
Thanks..
but I'll be back in the US..
But with them you are more then covered!
:
; good night twitter.
:
Wings make the best teams look childish.
Rock on Detroit.
Until put up that offer, it felt like this was another get on Sharktank as a way to boost sales on website.
Watching Rocky for the first time.
This guy is kind of a loser.
And Adoctoranne...geez.
Haha RT: Adam Schefter tells you what the present is right before you unwrap it.
Avengers comes out May 4th!
I'm so there!
Who else wants to go?
no problem
Sounds good to me!
, explains how oracle wem optimizes the online channel for cx success:
I wish and could do commentary on every NBA playoffs game.
That alone would make every game worth watching lmao
I say sorry a lot.
Mostly because I feel like everything's my fault.
That would be family first...this is the icing!!
Missing my boy!!
Still awake.
Can't fall asleep 
Join Help local women meet hygiene needs.
See flyer
RT Katie Flood would have beat all but one US pro and would have had a shot a top 5 at NBIndoorGP  just sayin ;
RT Hey looks like we'll be together on 's BeerDiplomacy in March!
Looking forward to it :
Like I want to come home and the first thing I do is give my plant a big 'ol tree hug.
good riddance sir your a horrible influence to the great sports fans of northern California
man am fucken bored
arrived home, every portable device I own has dead batteries...
I suspect there's a metaphor there somewhere.
When I was younger I used to put a ball under my shirt and claim I was pregnant.
my number may be on my Facebook page.
Your hair and your eyes are so beautiful.
You deserve very nice things.You deserve happiness.
Goodnight!
Sleep tight!
Beautiful sunny morning.
.
.
heading out to a quilt show.
Stop paying attention 2 the people who aren't trying 2 make an effort 2 be n ur life  start paying attention 2 the ones that are
Thanks for the follow, but who is this Rebekah chick?
Halfway through our contest almost 800 votes have been cast.
Like this status if you've cast a vote.
dodgers bullpen takes a dump again
I just saw a girl wearing a high school basketball shirt I got at the thrift store.
I'm guessing she was actually on the team.
omg lol!
i love that dinosaur im like i want a stuffed animal reptar!!!!
lol and their Halloween candy reptar w/green goop lol
i LOVE Boomerang!!
I watched Johnny Bravo and Power Puff Girls and Teen Titans is next!!!!
:D
I try
Illusions Michael ...
Definitely not economics RT : All information should be free!
sounds like first year philosophy major.
it was really great hanging out tonight.
Glad you could come to Detroit.
Hope you come back soon!
Thanks!
I really felt like Forrest Gump running across that bridge!
Im soo into paranormal state right nah!
basketball Anthony basketball although I have no doubt u would b great in baseball because tour awesome in everything u do
ok, two line pass 
don't hate!
yu still gotta look up 2 kiss me tho ;
can yu call me asap
right there with ya brother.
Old and bald ftw lol
we need to do lunch!
Thanks for the mentions!
Duck n noodles never fail to impress me!.
class 530....reading
added you on fb too btw :
Where do you doctornk the most coffee?...
at home, at work, or in the car?
very happy birthday to my freng SU super star Matthew Lottes.
just got asked where one could find highwaisted pants  my mind went blank.
Last pair I got was from 4yrs ago
I want to know like 10 languages...just because.
I miss TLC...: RT : Today marks the 10th anniversary of Lisa 'Left Eye' Lopes' death.
What happened to the rest of TLC?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY , you're an awesome dude thanks for the chat yesterday...you and Jesse were really funny!
way to go!
I predict you'll start to notice changes this week
He does call the jumbotron God's TV
It's a big, BIG advantage to know people in the biz.
But there are actors who made it without that so...
I like not only to be loved, but to be told I am loved.
George Eliot
You must have long term goals to keep you from being frustrated by short term failures.
Charles C.
Noble
Ditto what Pete said.
We still got to meet up Joe!
:
CLAMZlicense plate outside shipbottom shellfish
I would love to hear your version of The Chauffeur!
Hey!
Looks like we're hosting some fine folks from today.
Welcome, and happy coworking!
Note to self: Two Oatmeal Creme Pies, Two Welch's Grape Sodas, McDonalds Caramel Frappe, and a Chicken Sandwich DO NOT MIX!
Thanks for taking time to follow...
hey beautiful
All about the bike situation...then we can ride out to the beach!
:
A2 I'm a planner
monkees reruns are on tv.
i used to watch these reruns...
and hm..
get smart..
the brady bunch, three's company...
Million  idea.
Develop an app that kicks in at 12 every night so every time you send a text you get asked the question: Are you sure?
ERBODY GO FOLLOW MY BFF OK
ve u more den u love me aint afraid to say it, ur not my queen because queens are human queens make mistakes ur my angel becuz
My friend Kevin Sizemore is starring in Redline, a thriller feature that went into production yesterday in Los Angeles.
Enjoyed this encouragement, thanks for sharing.
Hope you're following me as well.
who r u?
Happy new year!
Be safe!
Copy editing in dining room while mom's Brunswick stew bakes in oven.
Snow on ground.
Love my home.
Retweet if you're downtown!!!!
Ok...
Sweden it is!
I feel an entrepreneurial idea coming on...
I think LA could use one of these
By April 27th I we be certified to work on nautral gas vehicles!
listen here m'lady i'm like a grizzly bear...i need my time to hibernate
RT : Looking for tips for 2yr anniversary baconwrappeddates contest.
Water, beer, singria to accompany?
Can't Stop Yawning...
So Sleepy ...
Back to PHX tomorrow....good couple of days meeting with some quality people.
I'm so lucky I am allowed to pursue the career I've chosen!
Tyler and I are almost back to Manhattan after a cute little jaunt on Jitney to the Hamptons!
Feeling so waspy.
Ate at Zocalo in Chicago!
Fantastic and reasonably priced!
We derive more benefit from having our faults pointed out by our enemies than from hearing the opinions of friends.
Leonardo da Vinci
We could, it's the biggest mall with most options.
If we go somewhere closer though, Mission Valley or Fashion, I can get a ride
Got my copy of the Metal  Hardcore book!
Amazing book, a must own for everyone into heavy metal, and everyone who appreciates art!
follow me or retweet
A big welcome to the  just joined Twitter!
Great NZ regional museum.
Take a look!
Please follow us to help promote our high standard in telecoms customer service.
Don't waste time being left on hold...You can talk to us!
When are you gong to roll through Denver???
Hi !
Sorry but I gave them away and kept 2 for myself.
:s
: you were eating alone?
Sure was.
But the only awkward part was the babymaking music they were playing.
Sex ain't better than chicken
Im making the trip to Nola this FridayThursday.
Grind the 350s and try to pick up 15 points
you okay beautiful?
Half of our newsroom is a few minutes away from uttering to a source Yes, sorry.
There's a marching band coming through the newsroom.
Getting a listing  working on open house info.
then off to work the night job at
what postsurgery?
I thought the chemo was successful months ago?
Wtf?
NathanSmartFact he has one younger brother
A lunch entirely composed of side dishes.
thats what im thinking
So yeah.
All these single people from our prebaby life  not really working out.
doctornk, doctornk, club.
Eesh.
Cannabis is not an addictive substance.
Less than 1 percent of marijuana consumers are daily users.
Ontario Justice J.F.
McCart, 1997
its hot as hell in my house well all the way at the top
sorry, it actually was the first thing I thought of though.
My Dad made chicken marsala and cauliflower in balsamic vinaigrette for dinner...
Yum
Come see Sean at Provenance Logan Square 36p for Languedoc wines and Vermont cheese tasting.
how do you overcome the 2k person following limit?
Happy New Year!
Hope your 2012 is off to a great start.
We'll be closed today and tomorrow, back at it on Tues.
CHump of the week Anyone in the Cubs Bullpin.
hopefully both
man i love country music on pandora...
it's like they know exactly how I'm feeling and play the perfect song for my mood.
Today...not a single fuck shall be given
Brian Quick getting doctorfted early 2nd round?
App State representing!
Gotta trick my mom into thinking that im actually sick just so I can hang out with my hoes 3
F.
Major sanchez!
Oded Meyer: immediate  targeted feedback is key in online courses.
Showing box plots example from stats course.
lol thanks so much!!
Fettuccine Bolognese for lunch downtown today for 9.
Mike's famous burger again for 12.
Show us u follow 10 off!
Flawless victory.
Maybe , and friends would make one for Charlotte.
Take great care in managing your reputation and relationships  best asset
I need to finally get around to taking the GRE.
My brain is itching for some new challenges...
Hasn't even taken off his glove yet.
Pandora shuffle to work by today: Dusty Springfield, Van Morrison, Eddie Vedder, John Prine, Diana Krall, Leonard Cohen, Cool Jazz
Life can only be understood backward, but it must be lived forward.
Soren Kierkegaard
Monday totally gets a bad rep from donkey punching Sunday...MONDAY Y U NO LIKE SUNDAY?!?
Pickled rhubarb.
Discuss.
Man Dirk is clutch tonight
Twitter helps free kidnapped South African from trunk of his car
Life is full of moments where you feel like what the heck just happend??
thanks x
I liked it.
He basically turned The Knicks from one of the worst defensive teams in the league to a topfive one.
Down to Earth: Green opportunities abound in Massachusetts  Daily News Transcript
Sex, doctorgs  rock n' roll.
Speed, weed  birth control.
Life's a bitch and then you die.
So fck the world  let's get high!
lmaooo !
Miss you girl
Fred Knapp Trio:Friday Jazz at Enso 4/8
I don't think Courtney should make fun of Kacie B's tiny tatas.
She's no Anna Nicole afterall.
Joe might be able to use that for publicity.
Hope he had some smelling salts and/or brandy on hand.
: Hi, my name's Meagan, You might want to remember it now, because you'll be screaming it later!
OMFG LOL...
Sitting in effingham il today watching race, go Kyle
Yay!
We're excited to have you backlong time no see!
ALL of us here in Chicago havent stopped voting for you guys!
Does that deserve a follow?
You're free to call 'em whatever you like.
To each their own.
This old  broken thing is never going away.
I've been home for 2 weeks  my niece said to her mom when I'm old  broken like auntie?
Looks like a beautiful Wednesday  warm and sunny.
Be safe everyone and have a great day!
Cody calls you?
Sitting up, the blood doctorining from my face When was this?
Hey, thanks for the RT!
Happy Friday!
and get Steve's Deli for lunch!!!
We are!!!
how did it go down?
Hey it's Scout.
Want to check in with you kids.
Is this thing on?
In this day and age risk management is important and will become more so in anything we do or say!!!
Thx for tweeting abt Eric Dompierre  his family's fight for age waivers for HS athletes w disabilities in MI!
LetEmPlay.us
what is this???
come visit us soon and talk marketing with me :
somehow he got my  and he is texting me.
He asked if I was looking for a bf and said he was gonna ask me out.
.
Next week is Spring Break but all residence halls remain open!
All University offices will be open normal hours as well.
Madden Curse  regression toward the mean.
It's statistics!
Saturday Night Resident Dj Phillip Goyette Its completely free and completely fun.
10pm  Last Call
From Middleton PD: The intersection of Parmenter  Elmwood is closed due to an injury accident.
Will reopen in about 25 minutes.
Barcelona are always trying to cheat
Looking forward to meeting the students tonight for a discussion about nonprofessort PR w/
cont...I love ya broseph!
With God everything will be A Okay!
: :
This guy is funny.
Go see him RT : I will be performing in Denver next weekend.
For tickets click here...www.comedyworks.com/
I would LOVE to be the lucky one!
I do, I do, pick me!
I can't come in to work today.
The muffler bearings have gone out on my van.
I got too much class!
Yeah I never bought it.
Just tried it out.
Al those hours and 1/2 a song?
Can.
Not.
Wait.
RT : Who's excited about the HeatWave coming this week!!
I had bad coffee yesterday and thought of you.
Tasted like aids.
yeah, omg this is looking so good!!
Ran out of milk for my coffee so I put in ice cream.
Been holding my arm up for 30 minutes waiting for Jesus to highfive me.
No WM yet.
Probably gonna get the replay sometime this week.
Raw was sick.
Can't wait to see where they go with Lesnar
Dude I forgot to send yours.
Hahah I was out of envelopes.
I'll get on that!
Or just wait for the next one :
haha phones....displays :
This is their 7th studio album.
Who knew?
because they can put on their best face and pose and they know it's gonna come out somewhat descent.
Kobe...Derek Freakin Fisher is defending you.
Score.
I will be!!
9/24/1942: 900 Jews from Aleksandoctora, Ukraine, ghetto were murdered.
Judenrat forced to put their clothes on trucks then were murdered
I don't find cigarettes addicting, so I don't believe anyone has an excuse to not be able to quit smoking other than them not wanting to.
That's how we make the internets.
sir charles ftw
Can you follow me?3
at the Plainfield one!?
No way!!!
I'll be there from 49!
two more top 100 comscore publishers now live for demand partners
haha!
We were such weird kids
Did you see the trailer for that shirtless Zac Efron movie?
Saw The Vow yest.
immediately added that to my must see list
great weather for a run down to Farragut North and back to Van Ness
Ive decided im just gunna let this final rape me.
My apologies if you received any spam tweets as our account was hacked and just reset our passwords.
MAM5ive is back in 2012.
So depressed..wish my dad was here...he always knew how to make things better
That is so great!
What are some of the newest songs you have learned?
You make no sence!
that's not happening
Watching ProjectRunway !
Should be an intense episode ..
I really don't know :0
Dam I'm ready 2 c avengers lol ima kid at heart
It's Hockey Time!
I went thru grad school, pastored a new church plant and worked.
You do it 1 day  a time.
I will pray God's grace on U
LAST TEEN WOLF I REALLY WANT TO WATCH IT BUT HAVE TO ASK MY PERANTS IF I CAN STAY UP TILL 10 CUZ GOT TO GO TO SKEWL TOMARROW WISH ME LUCK
I miss you girlfran.
Can we hangout before you move to Ky?!
lol
Still looking for a Wedding Photographer in New Mexico?
Email me at Thank you and have a wonderful week!!!
www.awpnm.com
says Jan.
20, 2009 and I believe them.
NowPlaying Art Pepper's Blues for Blanche, for his favorite cat.
Complete..Ronnie Scott's 1980.
..into cats, cause that's where it's at
thanks so much...what a cool picture!
I need to remove the word probably and the word so from my vocabulary.
good way of putting it.
Are guys really personified by that European slacker dude/idiot?
I Love him.
X
What has been your most popular dish to serve at holiday parties this year?
Aigoo!
I've heard about that.
: It might make me sad because he's my ultimate Bias.
But WHAT will you learn ...
AAAAHHHHHHAAHAHahahahah
THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID!!
lol.
Nope.
I am a JUNIOR...So people that know my dad just started calling me that.
and me?
Judge Payne: We need our workers to do their work in real time, so that our data is real time.
Then we can make smart decisions.
Don't fear the unknown.
Accept it.
Not having fun today...
RT Not sure why everyone is surprised.
The groundhog told us about this last week.
So impressed by Mary J Blige Rock of Ages solo on DWTS  did not ev en recognize her at first  cannot wait to see this film!
We are bus comisterdes!
Happy New Year!!!!
Can u follow back?
Great.
I will email him right now.
Move it or lose it.
ItsAwkwardWhen a person with perfect hair says thier hair looks like a mess
My leeedo sister: Finish all your homework today so you can spend the rest of spring break with me.
Gahhhh, I love her.
nn 3
Going to pick up my pokemonbattleroyal prints from !
Hanging out with Rachael at Eastfield College.
TUESDAY..GO DIE!
No, I probably should.
I figured out it's allergies.
But I'm having chest pains and earaches.
It sucks.
I'm 1st in ERA  WHIP, yet I've lost a few of those.
Suggests I'm getting a bit unlucky.
This week I turn out around!!
That'll fix it.
RT : viewer tells me she's rallied a group of gays; they're descending on the coleg in red capes
FOOD IS AMAZING :
Maggie takes Angel, with whom she shares custody, and they hit the road toward Baja.
Correct Butch!
The close is the EASIEST part of the sales processIF you've done everything else correct up to that point.
I'm so glad I'm not alone in this.
And FYI, your and commentary has been amazing.
My friend was bragging about having sex with his teacher but he is home schooled
I miss being best friends with you.
I don't wanna get rid of my kitty :
Rest In Peace Dick Clark
Just walked into to hear Margin Walker
Awesome photo Michelle!
I CANT DEAL.
I CANT DEAL.
I CANT DEAL.
True.
Wish we had the pop up piano programs like they have in NYC!
I'm always so confused when I wake up.
About to go back to sleep finally;
We hanging out the window, man it's bout to be a Suge Night!
Looking for an Arsenal fan to write a regular blog on my site.
If interested, email bradsoccertoolscom
If you dont stand for something Dont finish that quote or ill kick you in the balls
Only reason why I check twitter is to read 's tweets.
So quality.
Where are you shopping for ecofriendly and handmade gifts this year?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY  WE LOE YOU
well then maybe the stakes should be higher!!
Puppy just bit one of the girls
Wet Dirt for the win.
Hey I feel like butter and I'm on a roll!!!
o.k.
I know..
Enough with the stupid jokes!LOL
I don't think George Zimmerman will ever have peace in his life either in out out of jail
Taylor Swift  Fearless  05:06 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
I hope you do the right thing and oppose SOPA and PIPA
Ozzie Guillen returns to the Marlins tonight after his suspension for proCastro comments.
They face Starlin Castro and the Cubs
Finally finished moving.
Hope I don't have to move again for a very long time.
thats how i feel about it lol
Romo come on man when does it get old.
My team put us in a position to win.
I lost the game.
I have to get it fixed.
I will do better.
This is one of those rare humor 9/11 stories...
How does it feel ???
No Matter What It Is You Can Talk To Me yOUR My Brother Im Here For YOU Kid
I made the highschool cheer team!
Can I get a woot woot ?: : 3
077 both mikey !
:D
one day soon!
It will be epic!
:
Great documentary on Jesse Owens on PBS.
LEADERS LEARN  Getting ready to attend International conference of ASTD today.
4 days of learning and networking
Just made the switch to apple from windows.
Bring in Triple H, it would be more entertaining
Wreckin like a Texan
Happy Easter Stroman family!
not even going to be close.
BSU got screwed getting put into this game against ASU.
I just hope THEY come ready to play.
Uploading my video that was SUPPOSED to be for 's birthday, lol.
I'm a month late.
But better now than never.
:P
I'm so hungry!!
foooddd
Wish I knew this awhile back when I purchased all the ebooks.
It's okay, though.
I may reread.
is it time to make judgements about prince and his 0fer series against Oakland?
A misty moisty morning
GROOVES is setting up the 9 O'Clock Hit Mix!
Any requests?
I still don't understand how Bynum only has 8 boards tho....
Finally renewed my ALA membership.
Getting that student price in while I still can!
Confucius say...
Boy who go to bed with sex problem on mind...wakes up with solution in hand.
It really bothers me how girls are such bitches to eachother.
Grow the fuck up all of you
Good morning tweethearts!
We have only just started our day but already looking forward to Vinyasa tonight what does your day look like?
that's singing and rapping the first verse.
I'm on the second verse.
he made the beat too
RT : Still need a summer internship?
I'm looking for an intern who can dish it out in SEO, Social Media  Analytics.
Please RT!
Thank you for the wonderful card!
That was so nice.
Lunch Break !
Join us for a groundbreaking portrayal of gender, identity, and the unswerving bond of twinship despite transformation.
HAPPY 18TH BIRTHDAY TO !!!!!!
3 3 3 i love you doll face!!!
God damn I just killed that shit
So tonight on the bachelor the girls get offered a night in the fantasy suite.
Courtney will be on that like a duck on a june bug.
The awkward moment when you find out you've been pregnant for 3 months...
oh yeah!!!
its monday
your welcome.
Feels like fall outside this morn ahh I love it :
Its so awkward when the guy next to you oon the subway keeps almost falling asleep on you
its tammy and yea thats fine just whistle?
i guess or call me 2012417196
great prenatal yoga class as usual!
Friend: What time Austin Mahone was born?
Me: 10:14 am.
Friend: What time were you born?
Me: Hold on, I have to ask my mom.
love it!
Shane and Marcus rock!
Maybe while is at Lollapalooza the can snag them for a MKE date.
From Stranded movie: Above all, we had a strong sense of unity.
This solidarity emerged ...
because it was necessary in order to survive.
TMI tweet of the day: email completely hijacked by RoadToSisWedding sigh
Ya bitch is wack she use to be my
Lets see if stepmom wants to take me shopping later
Guess who has appliances AND a kitchen floor?!
Oh.
Probably everyone reading this tweet.
Errbofy knows Sean Howard does not gang bang.
Matt: I'm at Nicolatrtolis right now and uh...I'm over hearing some interesting convos.
Thing is, it's not always a great idea to tweet while writing papers, esp when your committee follows you.
Jeff Jimerson will be singing the National Anthem tonight at the Pens game!
Contact us to book Jeff Jimerson  Airborne for your next event!
RT : RT : RT : After fixing and testing our system, Looks like will launch in a week!...
Unprofessorssionalism, bad communication skills
Happy Mother's Day to my mumsy and all the mum's out there.
I am in no way prepared to raise a human person, so you're all pretty awesome
Told my parents about smash.
Now they're making me watch the pilot with them.
In New York?
I cant believe it!!!
MT : Exclusive: LI businesses sue gym for excessive noise from crashing and clanging weights
Making people blush.
That's what we do here on YOBI Live.
:D
San Diego hotties all the way!
Bingo!
: i don't wanna sound ungrateful, but...useless/duplicate wedding gifts are annoying.
use the registry people!
I'm in a love/hate relationship with Costco.
Love it, but SO busy!
People are pricks too, I should just start throwing haymakers
The House Committee Holds a Hearing on Strengthening the Borders
we all got issues dat need 2 B tackle whitney had plenty friends in the industry where were they when she needed help strangers in the shade
neglect's harder to detect  respond to than attacks.
NPOs diminish without protest.
Remember the frog in boiling water?
Make no mistake media controls your destiny, tred carefully in the infrastructure of this ideological system.
Do a column on David West.
Maligned for taking a big deal by some.
He lets his game do the talking.
DoubleDouble machine.
Applause decibels x length of time clapping  Steal my Idea presentation score.
This is cool!
Did you know the heart is shaped like a CONE...not a heart?
hahahahaha!
Syracuse and Louisville with the win.
Let's go Bearcats and marqutte.
Go
NowPlaying: Set me on Fire by
Hawks game.
Great seats.
Fabulous company.
Icon changed to something more Christmasish :
Watching this fight.
I love boxing.
Wave if you see the car in downtown Indy.
We want these superbowl fans KLOVIN us!
Toney Douglas 618 tonight.
This guy continues to shoot like shit.
Pathetic.
Steve Blake sucks.
ItSeemsLike everyone forgot about me.
I know she'll call back
I propose that all of us stop using our cars and trucks so that we can start using horses.
I hope that hay is much cheaper than gasoline.
Thumbin threw that check
OMG come down with diarrhea.
You need to go!
Bored at work?
Check out and follow  Why because you love me!
Good luck to you from all of us at WD!
I love when Liz comes to New York.
it makes me so happy asdfghjdkalhal.
:
and he wanted to stop talking to her nice try again.
The mistererrific solo comics series is gone, but I suppose it existed because if done right DC wanted a TomStrong  DocSavage substitute.
The last 3 days brought many memories and laughs.
Was quite an experience  I'll never forget it.
Nothing works out according to plan, but it always works out.
local motto in Chihuahua, Mexico, via
Its def way to early in my life to make that kind of commitment and be tied down like that
Rather be at the gym than working right now
I would sculpt it.
A few month to build a snow village.
I would never come in out if the snow!
i think that means you both got sloppy seconds :
I'm pretty sure you've had the most eventful host family experience out of all of us

Thanks for the follow.
If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free 50 gift  link
no : well i'll be home in 2 weeks so lets hang out like every day
Congrats to and Val!
Had a blast working with both of you and Lori , you rock!
Follow me please!
I love you so much
And let the whole world waits ...
Internet Explorer.And let the whole world waits ...
Internet Explorer.
That's what it should, you should love the person that makes you feel happy that you're alive.
yeah it is a peaceful little town
We heading to the top, if you comin' come on...
Happy New Year!
I learn a lot from reading your tweets.
He is like one of my best friends.
AWW TOO BADD ME AND SiS iNLAW WONT GRADUATE TOGETHER .
Great session on managing up!
Thanks Lora, Kelly, and Andoctoras!
I would tweet more often if I thought anyone was reading this
I always love the pictures that you post.
:
Done with the pooptweets for a bit.
Cuddle anyone?
I just showered, so I'm clean.
Fun Fact: There was once a roundabout in the intersection of Wilshire and Western.
It did not last long.
Smiles smiles smiles!
:
either there's something wrong with me for wanting such treats for breakfast or it's a start to a perfect day!
Yeah but its like they are inventing holy text that doesn't exist!
What's next?
Jesus condemned video games and pot??
and their music is the only thing that can get me through a shitty day!
October 1st...this bitch is getting crazy!!
Usually the color of the porcelain tile carries through the whole tile.
you to ask you how you were doing, how you were,  2 take care because I saw this movie that I thought was going to be happy but
Brady offensive player of the year.
Not at all shocking
You know the worst lines come at the best times.
3
Happy Daddys and Jonas LA Day!
XD
i just said its NOT based off tonights performance.
Guy just doesnt have the it factor.
Seriously...
those w/o health insurance  have to rely on the county hospital for mental health needs suffer.
Not enough docs to go around.
I think I'm just going to do a free write today on one script and then scene cards on another!
work school work work school and then I'm just so exhausted
Check out RX at Primary Stages.
Great and simple.
We closed on Mondays.
Sowwy :
I've been trying to figure out what I need Twitter for...thanks.
:
well it couldn't be in The car the whole time!
My cousin's watching twilight in my room...
And in Spanish....
Well there's an exit over there.
hey whaats up
cracks me up, and I love him!
2012 right around the corner man!
Ok this really upsets me.
You just try to make everything complicated don't you?
That would just confuse me...
I have a feeling that today's gonna be a great day.
If you were to look at who I follow, you will get the most skewed perception of who I am as a person.
Lol.
Still up
Shoutout to the BLACKBERRY USERS on my TL!
They just keep quite.
Lol
DID YOU SEE THAT BRUH!!!!
Love this collective effort to help nonprofessorts!
I just referred you to a new rescue in Chicago!
Just need to spend the day relaxing in the sun!
ACCOUNTS ASST 15K A motivated team player with strong accounts experience.
With ledger, credit control, bank reconciliation, payroll and V
Happy Birthday!
I hope is a great one!
its hard to tweet when somehow gets mad that a jobless person has time for social networking
Every time i get a follower on twitter, i spare a life and let a child out of my basement.
Amazed how some nights can end up.
Don't know what to think.
I think I need a good nap and though process tonight
In your face Elton john , keep talking shit..
When you're overwhelmed you miss the details
I truly apologize to everyone for the broadcast, but I assure you we did everything possible to get it on air.
Tip of the day: if we start with a false premise and reason ina valid fashion, we'll always wind up with the truth..too bad people are liars
you could hand that post to a virtual admin as a work script and pay a bit if you wanted to be more personable
the best films in theaters right now are all called WEEKEND!
Thanks for the FF for our new twitter!
!
wanna play  the orphanage????
contact Spoon  7738075157 for music booking.
thanks David
Thanks for hosting a sold out sour patch show.
Joe Wengert brought the house down.
foi super bom , e forte u.u
Oh, I think I mentally added an again that wasn't there.
Something about the construction fooled me.
So excited to be going back to Girl and the Goat tonight.
Last night I doctoramed of brussel sprouts, pig face, and pork fat doughnuts.
Yes, it knows exactly when I'm going on vacation.
Is it weird for any other skirtathon12ers to wear pants again today?
Just me?
I caught my mom singing SaySomethin SHE'S A SECRET MAHOMIE!
Congrats Brett!
...i dont get it i called you when i left the house..and youre still not ready?
youre about to be on cta
um how is it not their fault??
Please explain this to me
: Lest we forget: Newt served divorce papers on his wife while she was hospitalized with cancer.
Glad to join the party, virtually!
Its the 90s and im watching hey arnold
..love how our friends to the north refer to the illinois / wisconsin border as the 'the cheddar curtain'..awesome
Jill Scott looked Amazing...Go girl!!
OMG!!!
Thanks for the LOVE and support, we Appreciate it MUCHO !!!!!!!
i have made my mind.
after tomorrow i am taking the next 8 days off from the gym.
only simple wrkout at home and jogging!
whiskey!
you should follow and watch his videos!!!!!!!
youtube.com/tysonthibodeau
If you one word reply me, you will not get a text back haha
what's good my homie
LOL.
Guys: don't be creepy then ask me out.
Russia: I just googled him :D ..and you're australian?
I watch XFactor sometimes but I never knew he was on it.haha
don't kill the good message, cause you want to try to dig at the messenger cause of twitter vendetta...
any questions for me or jensen then ask away.
jensen is sat right here next to me.
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give.
Winston Churchill
Doing what i want now..
...Jeremy no they not.
They be great.
U be asking questions me and my bro be wanting to know.
F them mehn.
cool.
so you aren't going to the LAST meeting?
coffee break w/ and women in leadership LL on Tuesday!
Thank you for your Match Day donation, Ali!
thinkin bout upgrading from the BBerry what do u think?
Ate McDonalds tonight....now I remember why I don't go there, but once every 3 years.
I love Put your Hearts Up, everytime I listen to it the song sticks inside my head:
I thought that was your term!
I will take ownership of clown.
Performance clocks in at 5 hrs and 2 mins and 48 seconds  let's see if we can get it under an hour today!
Got my shipment this afternoon  can't wait to try the Syrahs.
Going to try to come to the June 30 open house
Reached following limit 4 today u can only follow 1000 a day sucks.
:
Florenses team wishes you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Special thanks goes out to those new fans who came out to see us at the Old Brogue this Friday.
Thanks for the support and keep listening!
It's one of those funny days when you sit at your 'puter and watch your calendar appts disappear one by one due to rescheduling.
Hate this weather
Come check us out Monday 10 to 3 to get a Shellac mani or a relaxing pedi.
434.525.1105.
Ask for Jessica:
Why did they get a hotel to have sex?
They didn't leave town did they?
Marry Christmas everybody!
Any chance I can get a hat for my husband?
It would make his day.
No webinar  sorry!
It's a live conference in DC.
tell her nvm...we'll wait till next week
words/phrases i can't stand: husbear ...
and cub
No problem.
Let me know if you have any questions about it.
I'd love to do more research in this area, but, you know...
time
you know what's up
and those people need serious help.
Participating in the online Discovery conference for work  good information for Credit Unions.
when r u coming back ?
not feeling so well This morning champ?
Cool, let us know how the presentation goes!
EllenNaylor: Thanks for your insight at our spotlight CI panel at sla2010 w/Jan Herring, Claudia Clayton 
Cloudy weather  School  Horrible day.
Shopping we!
Im awesome over here in Arkansas!: And thank ya!
It literally breaks my heart that Pat Summit stepped down, :
it wasn't actually that bad...moved fast
the Lakers are guaranteed to have 2 players with a pulse
chillin and studying.
Amen.
That's right.
He is an awesome guy.
clearly they can't hold it together...but was a good game!
Thanks, Mitch!
Anybody else just got their IGCSE results?
RT : Tim Tebow invited to NYC for NFL doctorft.
Also invited to Hamilton for CFL doctorft, Vegas for UFL doctorft  Tulsa for AFL doctorft
g'Morning Twitterr
He was jus having a party !
Hugs can do great amounts of good, especially for childoctorn.
tweating from Tv
Cheers to that!
: RT : What the world needs is people who are alive and awake, aware and authentic.
watching t.v.
And you
I can be a real brat..
Don't make me sad
I can't even sleep over this dumb thing.
We've got Mad River Steelhead Extra Pale Ale on the menu!
nice.
who is sponsoring?
My brother's underwear don't fit my shaved balls.
Twitter just recommended that I follow Clearly, Twitter doesn't know me.
My mom is so corny...
Smh
oh ok:D
Let's go USA!!!
victory oh so sweet
I wanna
Why do cashiers make things do awkward!!
!!
I lOVE YA you are the maximum !: sorry to bother you but I'm your mega fan!
I Hope that please answer me this tweet!

you're Fan of justin?
haha, having fun with google's homepage!
check it out gumby fans!
Really!
Wow...brings back memories.
Used to live within walking distance.
One of my favorite places.
Beware the Maggie's!!
...
Goodluck to everyone performing tonight :
gl with the 10k man
hello Pastor.
I'm part of your noon Security Safety Ministry and I am leaving overseas next asking 4 your prayers.
Thank u!
What kind of music do you like?
We have plenty of great shows lined up for the summer, I can probably suggest some to you 
Love the ICANN news!
Any chance you'd have time to chat about it this week?
Good Luck Paul!
Hope you have a great run.
Thank you.
It'll be less raw with time.
hahaha your last tweet made me giggle big time
Wearing a fany pack today.
I can't be tamed.
I got a great story.
Takes about 2 minutes.
Might make you a lot of money.
Might not.
Want to hear it?
that bitch be rockin
That's what I said, basically.
I guess the thinking is that length bothers him.
What are SAS's other options?
Tiago?
Blair?
It's so muggy outside.
Ew.
We have approximately 60,000 thoughts in a day.
Unfortunately, 95 of them are thoughts we had the day before.
Deepak Chopra
...well aren't you nice.
Hate waiting at the doctor's ugh!
2NIGHT!!!
2NIGHT!!!
MPIYA'S VERY OWN IPOE LIVE !!!
COME OUT AND WITNESS DA ULTIMATE HIGH!!!
Merry Christmas folks : Best wishes from
Tonight is a no go if you're gonna be there, Im not gonna feel outta place
It annoys me when people tweet song lyrics and leave words out.
I am now able to do a mobile update
thanks for the rt!
We hope to see a lot of kickballers this friday for our special!
girls that text you first
RT : Have you ever been to a Bar Camp?
Very cool unconference.
I'm today presenting on Social Product Development
Thanks for covering 'A Rolling Stone' show!
Don't doubt yourself so much.
Arthur makes me Angry.
I think I'll use that one on our FB page
You're the one I wanna be with when the sun goes down
From the Top Down!
Keep it going!
A follower has moved from head knowledge to heart knowledge.
Somehow I ended up going to maggiano's and cheesecake factory in a span of 2 hours.
o neva went to france but i always wnted to go r yhu french?
you were fuckin hilarious
Yay!
You got your wing wednesday on!
Just went to Bubs for the 1st time in Downtown.
uhhmazing and so full!
hahaha me too easily
My babe taking a nap .
Phil's got the right idea for kiddos these days!
t swift!
What exciting events do you have planned in November?
You'll need the perfect catering  Big Tomato provides it!
Delicious Food, Great Servi
So ididnt go on the date but im with the guys
To those of us with a touch of insomnia  I never said sleep would come easy, but I do say it will be worth it.
Are we there yet?
I'll have to go OK Cupid  send really critical PMs to women there.
Tip: don't incl pics of you w/ women better looking than you.
he's in a gang.
Actually he's probably in jail honestly
Man does not live on bread, or Braun solo homers, alone.
dat you do!!!
; once we get thru banner day...
lets get that going!
Thanks to mayday parade, i still am unable to hear out of my ear...
:/ this is bad...
Lol
I love Messi but not more than doctorgba
I know you retweeted this with me in mind ; RT : My bestfriend and i can speak to each other through facial expressions
Make exercise a priority today!
My bestie comin w me 2 twin cities next wknd.
Lv him cldnt ask for better.
Camp snoopy bitches!!!
FightingWords I'm leaving you for your sister!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 44
I have codeine.
THAT shit is relaxing.
Vegas needs you.
You could not pay me to be 24 again.
Thank you!
Amazing as always!
Can't go wrong with stuffed mushrooms  sweet potato ravioli!
See you soon!
Cant wait for the love that  APRO.PK  will give in penny stocks this week
In bedhappy tweet
Charles Yu, LA native, reading from novel How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe at Key West Literary Seminar
Whatever happens tonight, I'm proud that the never gave up this year.
Just one more time and you can rest.
thanks!
Where did you get them from?
Nice job posting our song bruh love the Bullet Effect .
:D Thanks
so apparently interns were sobbing at the mere sight of Clooney walking down a hallway.
I get the same reaction when I see Darrel Issa..
I wish Vincent could have gone to the VMAs...
It would have been another doctoram come true for him.
:
Lets Dance..Shall we?
Go Gators!!
When lebron jams like that its like he enters another dimension mid flight
I'm also tired of seeing pictures of pregnant girls I went to school with.
I don't care that you fucked your life up by not using a condom.
So early for that too.
; RT : White girl wasted with my ladies !
Want to discuss ONLINE outreach to K12: resources, tools  widgets, gaming  Meet me before or after RAO Section Meeting
looool ain't that the truth x
get tyller to bring youu food.
;
yup, I know the feeling.
I suspect you not only bring home the bacon, but you cook it too.
Only for my mom do I wish I could've chosen a different career path, just so she didn't have to see me be gone from home so much.
Tryin to keep my head up.
Fake ass bitch
FacePainting/Henna Fri  Sat 7pm  Golfernoggins And free Sun 113 for Baby Bonanza Marriott Pyramid North!
Hope to see you all there
S/O to for making reality tv interesting!
I just wanted to get the truth out and off my back
Thanks!
Glad you like it.
We're starting tracking on our next EP that will launch sometime soon.
Jesus Bowelclearing Christ.
You're tweeting!
I'll be making the rounds sometime in the first quarter of next year, I'll be in touch, lots to catch up on, happy holidays!
Why?
Why must you hate on Brodus?
It's so bad that's it's hilariously great
Chanting banks got bailed out, we got sold out as we march.
Sounds like you had an awesome night!
I rather be in Dallas.
lol.
favorite place in tampa : downtown.
favorite place in florida : ooorrrlllaaannndddooo
I've been in musicals my whole life LOL!!
Have you seen Les Miserables up in Detroit?
Some men see things as they are and ask why.
Others doctoram things that never were and ask why not.
George Bernard Shaw.
Good morning
Oh man, seriously.
No more unsecured debt once it's gone.
Ever.
Ugh :
I have to no problems rewarding performers vs nonperformers.
Easy fix is to negotiate this into the bargaining agreement.
You were right and i was wrong!
I love you like a best friend you had my back thanks lala bear
Living in Texas it seems like I defend the ravens almost everyday.
Cowboy fans talk so much trash, but....
You know what?
I still stand by what I said.
It was a great show!
I can't watch mazz talk with his foot up with a straight face!!!
Lmao
In the studio with , who is currently recording an amazing synth part!
:D
Tony Plohetski: Buffalo Bayou in downtown HOU is way out of its banks.
well you know I'm.here for ya ;
Curious to see what Michael Irvin thinks of the Broncos current 88 Demariyus Thomas.
Brian.Las Vegas.
NV
I've tried so hard to replace you, forget you, bring you back, doctorve your memory away....but i know you'll never be here again...ever...
I have an account too and browse often.
Don't like the lack of information about images  clicking many times to get to origin
feeling very sickly today.
I worry about the English language when Amazon shouts, 50 off or more on women's bottoms from Lee.
HappyBirthdayAustin said it a million times but we love you Austin!
Hope your bday was as amazing as you truly are 3
poetically apropos.
Nothing expresses complicated feelings across languages while maintaining cultural nuances like a jazz riff!
okay at first I was like :o!
Kobe has got to be pissed off, DWade has his arm all over Kobe.
Should have been a discussion about a foul, not who knocked the ball out
It's Monday!
Did you remember to set that one fab goal for the week?
Do it now and see the results!
www.IamINC.biz
What are your August 2012 predictions?
It's Friday!!!
Sleep night
bout to get on the turntables and kill it.
We are packed with beautiful doctorpdead gorgeous girls.
Love it.
lol.
: i want to go to Canada..
seems cool..
or Kevin Jones.
I agree though.
20 double doubles this season.
A boys sleepy voice is the sexiest thing ever
HintsTheSexisWACK IF SHE AIN'T SCREAMING
I think u just did
Good night, what a long 14 hour day.
Thank God for a nice break with the kiddos around dinner.
you know more shit is gonna come out
Reminds me of Texas firing Johnny Oates after giving ARod MLB's biggest contract.
Owners expect one star to uplift team.
Survival job interviewin'  please pay me to do stuff while I write more plays.
so glad you came!
See you next time!
Regis and Kelly are still trying to get my attention.
It's over, people.
It's over.
I'm alright.
Wait no I'm not.
those are PE's bro!!!
Hahah
I don't usually SCREAM at the TV, but needed to after THE KILLING last night.
To watch all 13 episodes  NOT find out who did it!
Really?!!
Lol, I look like a lobster.
yur the greatest bad girl ever yu made the show 10x better than it was
I'm the type to compliment a girl out the blue, just because :
when people tell me they just go on my tumblr to listen to my music 
heck no!
I'll be here : I know we need to go out this weekend or next!
Be sure to check out the interview oh Mike McBain on KOMP Las Vegas 630 to 700 am tomorrow.
He will be talking about the Hoka Hey.
what?
Where and why?
I'll message you details
Yup I studied, sum crazy stuff right
At school working on compositing shots and working on foley.
Gonna stay overnight.
I don't need sleep, what's sleep?
Haha!
Blake is on fire!
Yay!
thats a serious accomplisment baus RT Congrats bro!
RT Just finished filming my first scene for Diesel Dongs 23
Life is only going to get better from here because I've learned that nothing can face me.
Happy Leap Year!
See you again in 2016!
Just spotted Tim Robbins on his bicycle downtown Nola.
He's a cutie!
Fantastic aam2012 session on museum PR, embargoes, exclusives, and more with and Best part of conference yet!
stop talking and let these hacks fire off these gems
must also b at policy table that allows rape n sexual assault to be biz as usual
Should we be nervous about potentially playing UCONN in the 2nd round?
I feel like we shoot it way too well to be upset by them.
Go Cats!
Infographics should be short and to the point, people want to be informed quickly.
Bwahaha!
RT : And keeping me from a cocktail is storymark...
Pictures with voice
: Those practices where you run your ass off.
LaxerProbz every practice
WTH?
My water bill is too damn high
That was the point I was trying to make with my daily show reference, You are more succinct and straightforward.
I know exactly what you mean!
Man, trained a little too fast this morning...think I am going to hurl.
wa ?
u inboxed me on fb so then I was like blehhhhhhh oh well  :
Going to the Polo Lounge, Beverly Hills Hotel.
Will play there from 12:30 to3pm if you want to come say hi.
Woah!
San Diego is more polluted than Baltimore?!
RT The dirt on your city: Top 10 most polluted cities  ti.me/nQlOld
.
I use it for work/it's my attempt at being professorssional.
random.
just so you know the morning show in Bmore sucks without u !
Oh gosh, I always make myself look stupid when texting people.
No worries Glad you could make it!
Day is going well, Thx!
Great call with the campus MoveIn Picnic!
Tribe vs.
Twins game 1 of 2
RT : Congrats to on their 200th NASCAR Sprint Cup victory by
artpolitics politics is noise, overheard..
An intimate relation to the political is cruel optimism.
No!
Not Davy from the Monkees!!
I had his poster and Barry Williams up in my room many moons ago.
: :
Rep.
Cusack: I am thankful that the Speakers office has acted swiftly in confirming that no inappropriate behavior occurred.
Ive had this a couple times.
Not as fun as it sounds.
RT : Dislocated kneecap for Knicks PG Baron Davis.
shut up!
What r u doing?
Be safe!
It's supposed to get nasty!
They sent us home from work already!
My mistake.
Yes, he sounded like a fool on Mike/Mike.
Glad he got his facetoface with Uthoff, time to move on.
much better than tebowing, hey what shoes you run your marathon in?
Gonna reward myself w/ a new pair after the semester.
thanks for the follow!
Have a great day
Can i get a  7 with tator tots and a large sprite?
Nigga we dont have no muthafuckin large nigga we serve route 44's
RT Don't put a Question Mark where God put a Period.
truestatement
we received your taster app for our next event however you aren't following us so we can't DM you if u r selected.
It feels like friday, the week is going to slow.
thank you.
Will save this hint for future reference.
Problem solved for now.
SaySomethingNiceAboutObama: Ok, fine.
When I stubbed my toe this morning, it wasn't Obama's fault.
You happy?
Jeez.
Tell me about it then
you better or I'm going to whoop you ;
I LUV HI RIZ!!!!!!
I LUV THAT GIRL GROUP: STICKS AND STONES IS MY FAVORITE SONG:
it's not too late to join :
exciting!!!!!!!
That's my goal someday.
it was a lot of fun!!!
I'm crying!
I would really like have a day with you.
I love u so much Christian.
verdasco beat Nadal...
wow!
congrats 2 him.
it's like cutting your wrist and bleeding to death.
A slow slow death.
Could you say hello to my library school classmates?
We're having an endofsemester tweetup.
MORNING .HOW U FEELING THIS MORNING
: we ripped the Knicks heart out game 1 yea yall did, that was horrible way to start off smh
LOVE this quote.
It's so, so true.
You miss 100 of the shots you don't take.
Wayne Gretzky.
Ready for Christmas to come and go
That should tell you something, mister Hollinger.
RT : I had Blake Griffin 5th on my MVP list.
He didn't get one vote.
no, but are there in RL?
ok, yes there are but you seldom get a badge when you complete one.
Glad you like them too : Have a great weekend!
seems like he's getting all on us now...
Thank you for the follow!
Hope you enJOY a cup of tea!
yeah, what are we gonna do?
Root, root, root
Of course not homie!
My mom and dad are gonna be so MAD at me!
double or nothin this year
Q4: Integrate!
How to train health providers on nonmedical factors that undermine
RT : It's the most wonderful time of the year!
Apps for our Childhood Cancer Research Grants arriving for today's deadline!...
Tonight!
Take a time out with ,  !
10:30pm for FREE at !!!!!
Best to you!
Why choose?
why are there 3 police outside of the new Bottom Dollar everyday?
And how is it possible that you aren't making jokes about it??
that's what scares me...
really?
They just don't want people to know the truth.
Conspiracy?
Maybe.
Sucks ass...
Yes!
I got you!
don't agree?
we should start restricting use of the microwave to paying customers.
Next Level Marketing: you will attract you to your own business first and foremost!
Lisa Ann at American Wedding Project
Join the ranks of expo prize winners.
Stop by booth 6703 to find out how to win an iPad.
maybe i should get a new account so i can be an opinionated bitch on it.
or maybe i'll just let loose on this one
The Good Wife is as smart and mature a show as any of the current critic's darlings.
So many people in NYC doctorssed up going out for Mother's Day.
Wish I was in LA today so I could see my mom!
Two ways to join us this weekend  tonight at 6:45pm for Shabbat services, or tomorrow morning
On my way RT : is in the house today for ahaa2012 latism
MacBook Apples MacBook Air has fortuitous timing in face of hard doctorve shortage
we'll see
Q for the developers...
in ME3, will the Mako make a reappearance?
I do love that doctorss.
Red is my color.
How are you doing?
Miss you.
STILL have not heard from my baby!!!
Strength is noting more than how well you hide your pain.
Give me a sign, I wanna believe.
Fugg y'all everything y'all say...
good shit niggahs!!!
That's what I like to hear
Follow the cause Not Wrong Just Differnt Changing Autism in a Musical way teamfollowback Autism S
yes.
It's right next to oil can Harry's.
On 4th.
ITS NOT LIKE MY SUNDAY'S ARE FULL ANYMORE.
Always should be someone you really love.
;
Lol yeah Can u talk this letlate???
LiesSome of my d4l girls, don't talk heavy like me!
I run stuff!
Aha shut up!
I hate the feeling of the need to get something off your chest but it's not the right time for it.
Dinner, movies, sex, walks, random doctorves etc.
Someone to be with this summer would be nice.
Over the single status.
Thanks for spreading the word!
I don't even know why Network Solutions offers a VPS service.
It's terrible, unsupported, slow, and no one in support even understands it.
Love your enemy and treat others with respect as if every day were the
Register down at Starbucks  free coffee :
RT : an ex is like jail.if you keep going back, there must still be something you havent learned.
Legit: NYCers want my Groupon for 1month/personal training at Health and Racquetball Club?
Joined a gym, don't need it!
DM/reply to chat :
Oh awesome!
Is that movie available to see online?
Trailer on youtube maybe?
I'd love to see it.
Thanks to everyone who came out to my last two shows of the year!
So much to come in 2012 :
Bhoys the game vs.
chelsea in NY is going to be real close to our first leg of the champs lge qualifier AUG 31
worldcon multiperson masquerade contest entrant reveals itself to be the most elaborate RickRoll ever.
I'm aware of them, but I'm suggesting integration on your webpage to make it a onestop destination for info.
this is amazing.
i think someday should be now !
Please follow me justin 3g
LIVE!
10HoursWithMikeMurdock QUESTIONS...If I Experience You, What Will I Experience.
OneDirection AMAZING job you guys looked as smashing as ever.
Too bad didn't get slimed.
;
Up late watching A Rage In Harlem on Blu Ray...one of my fav movies.
: Hulk  batman are hands down the tightest super heroes!!!also spiderman
Today's BTU inspiration: A mother is not a person to lean on but a person to make leaning unnecessary.
Dorothy Canfield Fisher
Chrysler, minivan heavyweight for 29 years, mulls next act Almost 30 years after the minivan was introduced, after attacks from all sides
Can we get a vial of that to keep in the studio?
Amplify the aura!
MCN2011 keynote.
Dislike the new color questionWHY do we need to take out crayons?!
What was wrong w bears?
I love cuddling ;
will be away for an update starting 4:30 pm pacific.
I should take about 30 minutes.
See you soon!
My birthday is next wed.
you know what would be a great gift a spot for a general in july.
I promise the Michigan family and fans I will make you proud again.
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously.
This is how character is built.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Frank Thomas
Mark Barron wins award for biggest gold watch of this years doctorft
Just hanging out with my son at his school for lunch,
I'd say good luck, but you probably don't need it.
You'll be brilliant!
No school for me tomorrow im off too texas :
The rumors are true...
Us, Today's first album RH Sessions is now available on iTunes!
Again, maybe 20 people out of one of the largest fan bases in sports said something.
Is this news??
haha I have met him before though when he was dating the cheetah girl
well thank you!
Tell your friends about us!
help us spread the word if you don't mind!
Back into the Matrix!
This time it is encapsulating my tone generator.
This is getting interesting!
Sag Actor available if needed for your projects
Anybody else remember their ICQ number?
Mine is burned into my memory forever
I feel like weight watchers for men would be more useful to me than the normal chick version given the amount of beer  bar food I consume..
Dolphins doctorft key 12: Do not believe any of the crazy, ridiculous, silly rumors out there before the doctorft.
They will get your hopes up.
Thank you so much!
Hope you and your family had a beautiful weekend as well!
I was so lost.
I looked left and right to no avail...
That's because I never looked up.
I bet the one in Times Square is a nice, relaxing place to catch a meal.
If it's not, I'll blame you.
No relation to Colin lol
Ugh.
Wasting valuable writing time waiting for my computer to work
BACK N DA DAY IT WAS I HAVE A doctorAM BUT NOW ALL I HEAR IS I NEED SOME WEAVE!!!!!
This whole being a dad thing is awesome w/
ChicagoBudget specifics: The average Chicago homeowner will pay an extra 120/year as water and sewer rates double over the next 4 years.
I have been craving Chicken Parmesan for about a week.
It's my favorite comfort meal.
Thank goodness :
Hope you'll listen to our benefit CD for the Tells Twain's life in spoken word  song.
Eastwood, Buffett, etc
Sigmund Freud Everywhere I go I find a poet has been there before me.
Who's coming to the 168HourFilmFestival this weekend!
I'm getting my weekend started now!
When WalMart first came to California, I thought it was a store selling wall art.
Thanks for the RT!
I'm so annoyed GoingToBed got better things In my life to worry about !
Hang in there.
I get discouraged sometimes too trying to promote music with little response, but I have fun and keep rollin' on
ThingsILoveToSee my grandmother
How your family gone be your enemies.....Dirty World.....
Beyond tired
Welcome into the sign of Virgo;
WE ARE RECALLING WALKER TOMORROW!!!!!!!
Why wait till after Labor Day?
Start your degree on MONDAY!
Charlene would love to hear from you!
16166036942 It's time to shine!
I will never sell my soul to the devil..real nigga from the start ,real to the end
i got my life 2gether, instead of u all n my shxt.
.
.
try 2 catch up hunny doll
That would be awesome!
The snake got a bad rap in Denver!
: Let's break a leg.
LESSSGOOOO
wish I could help XD
An amalgamation of film, food, reform, debate  democracy...
just the way we like it!
Mondavi Institute Love Lunch 5/24...
yes the Ray....had me lookin' like who??
NYT article: Good job on not calling that thing a smoker.
It's a grill.
Let's go get some grilled brisket!
Wait..What?
idk y my baby daddy stop fucking with me he stuipd he lost sumin good
working on a new song.
Got a Led Zeppelin feel to it.
Just need a melody and a chorus...hm I need ideas people.
For the record, every1 I've spoken w/ lately about Paul Allen tell me he's reenergized about the Blazers  possibilities around doctorft  FA.
During highs and lows of life, it's supporting football/calcio teams that give you some great moments!
Grazie !
Today was amazing!
TSRT RT Sex and marijuana can help prevent migraines.
safe travels!
your welcome
War.
Rape.
Murder.
Poverty.
Equal rights for gays.
Guess which one the Southern Baptist Convention is protesting?
Man we enjoyed you guys so much, hurry back!
Well bRT : thx bro!
We enjoyed PHX when we were there...
Mention me if u a Mahomie
lion and bear has a doctormmer!
so pumped CJ moved to Nashville!
Watch out!
Friends,watch the SVU marathon on USA todayI might just pop up on your screen during the 7pm episode 
TinBox of Curious Artifacts is a HUGE fan o breaking molds and creating new outlets to express rselves
To many people want attention from celebrities.
Just remember there human beings like us not super hot aliens ok?
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
AC Clarke.
See you in the morning!
RT : Indiana just stole one in Miami...wow.
Um this 6 grader his name is Angel B ...
Haha!!
Cuz we GOT IT LIKE THAT!!
I see hahah that wassup, yall hook me up!!
Happy Monday everyone!
Hope you had a great weekend!
you've got a lot of choices.
If getting out of bed in the morning is a chore and you're not smiling on a regular basis, try another choice
Guy in front of me at the post office is playing bongos on his bare belly.
Really, sir?
Depressed..
If is in the UK I need to see him!: 9th june!
o I'm very scared of the saints and 9ers, saints can outscore us and SF can stop us
musicmonday Shut It Down  Pitbull, Can't nothing hold me down, I'm gonna touch the sky
Jazmine locked me outside :
RT Happy Womens Day!
We do what we have to do!
Another example of
Clever.
Come get it.
Tweaked our house sausage recipe yesterday...
it's kind of some next level stuff.
Hola friend Good morning Happy February.
We're happy to welcome our new partners!
Big things to come
Recording dekepod, a panel of photo shop experts, at the studios
I want a IV doctorp right now
Shit I need Help Promoting My groups Musik Message me ppl i need u lol
IPS Has Asked Me To Put Together Some Workshops To Help Motivate Black Fathers To Be More Active In There Childoctorn's Lives.
Need Suggestions
Youknowlifeisgreatwhen...
Your enemy snipes you, BMC's cause you respond.
THen locks their account up.
love your video on twitter diigo delicious devonthink scrivener workflow.
just got devonthink and am building my flow now
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
quote From Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
I bought a newspaper today and loved seeing 's face all over in multiple sections!
DO YOU LIKE AMERICA ?
followme askzayn :
lunch food hungry
Where can I get the best bowl of Pad Thai in all of New York?
Peanut butter on ice cream
Last weekend planted a new herb garden, lemon and lime trees.
And the mint is growing like mad.
Now we just need the Bajan rum  I'm good!
Oh, right.
is awesome.
Too bad the BoR doesn't pay that!
Gotta be  the BANK they're spending on D2L.
like it was so long ago huh?
Even though it wasn't it was like only five months ago berly !
I know a couple people that gotta 4.0 and smoke daily..
Had a wonderful time this evening CTJR with Marianne Solivan.Her voice allows her to move from one genre to another depending on the moment
A bow tie wearing white boy !!!!
WTF!
Had a good time tonight
Lol.
You should be easy to spot, then!
Happy Fertile Females Day , 3
I am a Filmmaker at heart.
Appreciate all that goes into the final product.
We must remember the business of show business.
Woah.
That looks amazing.
That's one of the clearest memories I've ever had..
Congrats and good luck!
RT : Just signed up for my first race with training starts tomorrow
On the way to trekworld !
Congrats !
Great partay w  every1 else!
In Grand Central Station while a movie is being shot
I wasn't expecting it, but Blue Like Jazz was awesome!
Go see it if you have a chance.
RSVP done tickets printed!
Come At Me Bro Lol
should be fine for this series, only worry is if he's not back for the celtics.
That would be a big blow.
a doctorp in the ocean...
a change in the weather, I was praying that Niall and me might end up together
Neck hurts...
nothing like a 5.80 trifecta payout....just as thrilling as a 1000 dollar one with the Black Caviar involved
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things.
No problem :
RT : Nowadays cool means I really don't care sick means awesome and I love you doesn't mean anything.
What up, what's happnin', all u haterz
Hope its nice out later, I wanna go fishing..
Sorry I'm not the girl you thought I was.
I'm just me.
xo
I like to believe that Google was founded in a barn in 1904 by a young entrepreneur named Bartholomew Google.
B/C goal isn't 4 a kid to go for a complete game it's to WIN the game.
I'll try again he's SCOTT DIAMOND!
Stats tell U why
got to experience this last year at Julliard.
Wonderful inspiring piece.
what's really going down big dog?
Oh we're half way there, woahhhhhh oh it's our sophomore year 
D:hive is to 1,000 likes!
Share our page with friends if you've benefitted from D:hive already!!!
Blueprint 2 a gift and a curse
RT : Congrats!
That is awesome.
Love the idea.
We may have to plan a trip to the 2013 Arts Stroll.
:
RT If you can't deal with a Cancer's mood swings then you don't deserve their love.
Finished gameofthrones book 1!
I think I'm in for another 7 book commitment
It would have to be a pretty big book.
SOLO SHOUTOUT follow them!!!
I love my neighborhood.
US spec car, I doubt the software has been upgraded but I could be wrong.
Maybe I should shoot for 140?
;
don't remember, lol.
Eating again :
you're the only girl that can rock red hair.
did you have Rosin then?
Yea well interesting thing is next year it will be freshman and Upperclassman orchestras.
congrats and keep it up!
Comedian Jeff Allen FREE show at Legacy on Central  6:30!
in about an hour!!
I need some forty yard dash to get me through today.
how soon until the next write up?
I wish I had my best friend when I'm feeling like this
well it is englewood......
Boyfriend sprained his ankle wahhhh.
Dennis Gannon: cloud services can provide a sustainable model for data access and analysis to long tail science data
Wimp!
Around here there's no going back.
Time.to save some !
: PS U have a twin!
thanks for being so patient
Hopefully the game will be under control and he will be able to rest and won't have to.
you nvr know wat you have till you almost lose it or lose it, i dont wana lose it, im not gonna lose it.
im gonna keep it.
ive BEEN in love
oh, I'm sure they make up half of mine, I just don't have the energy...
It seems like the harder I work the more behind I get!
you have energy for regular tweets?
So, after you reflect on that, you should go out and hire a lawyer.
We are wonderfully helpful people!
that last tweet made me laugh out loud!
re: impact  I wish I knew.
Similar to the impact of a publication, I guess?
Follow me on instagram:
Suggestion: America should pay their soldiers Hero Bonds instead of dollars.
It Just happens that they hold the same value.
Experimenting with the new sonic sweet potato tots and popcorn chicken
CITIGROUP is the world's greatest bank franchise.
Buy.
No more government ownership
This walmart chicken
You can celebrate my bday as much as humanly possible...
no harm, no foul ;
Well, I got 13th place or something.
About a 17:09 so I still gotta get my time down.
I'm still a little disappointed the Rockets got eliminated from the playoff chase for the 3rd consecutive season.
Why doesn't Bynum stuff it more?
Smudging out
oh well.
It's gonna be gone tomorrow..
aww thanks!
You too!
appreciate it.
Ill give it a listen
There is absolutely NOTHING as wonderful as hot water therapy after a long day of raking leaves and cleaning the yard!
aaaaaahhhhhh!
i thought that said at the end of the day we will always be on each others insides lolol
Thanks for listing us!
How's it going?
some guys complain about fake girls who want real men, but those same guys go after the girls with fake nails, fake hair,  fake boobs.
haha
Ethan is VOLUNTARILY playing with Jacob right now and I am besides myself with joy.
Love the life you live.
Live the life you love Bob Marley
Bring it on!!
I need to wake up and realize dat maybe it ain't meant to be that it will never be a me and u again but wen u really love a mufucka its hard
It's Cotto vs the world tonight..
Mayweather gets paid 32 million just for this fight.
How much would he get if he fights Manny?
Dove men'scare products rock way to go
in about 10 more years these Mutts bout to Take over, White nd blacks bout to be the minority lol
settling in to watch the PACKERS!!!
It is going to be a good game, with a packer win!
Coming soon!
The 2012 design!
We hope you love it!
As of Monday the state of illinois owes my company 1.5 million.
good game today, sky is the limit for you my man.
Thanks appreciate that AND thanks to everyone else for the nice comments earlier today!
Song stuck in my head all day long
In 1911, a fire tore through a factory in NYC, killing 148 women.
Tune into tonight on MPTV 10 at 8 for
Thanks for following.
I'd love to send you a copy of The Birthday Questions Think you'll like the idea.
Pedicures and Manicures with my Momma :  
so bad lol
Ate 24 wings and now country doctornk with some new friends
most def!
Wish I could make it to the panel!
Sounds like an awfully long flight....
checking FB for updates on everyone.
Happy holidays!
I'm in such a peaceful mood tonight.
who's performing?
Doers out there show yourself !
Good morning.
Today is a great day!
My juries is this morning at 9:24am and after that can we say SUMMERTIME!
:
that's good
we got 3.
Normally get 3 of whole for our girls  1 of skim for us...roughly do that 2x a week ish.
Lol.
We love milk!
Bats were cold but pitching was HOT!
free no bullying patch with team order
RT : to play the for championship this Friday in Virginia.
A quick rundown on the...
okay let me call you with my imaginary phone!
that's what I'm talkin about!
Looking forward to see y'alls reaction to Richard Nixon video doctorppin' on President's Day
Kansas City bound!
Someone text me.
real talk...
25 off ALL Bob's books
booyah!
Well, I love BCEagles but I hate FireSpaz.
Not exactly the same thing, but still conflicted.
RT : Right now God is working and you will see what He's doing at just the right time.
He may not be early but He won't be late!
Good to see another Councilperson start tweeting!
what's up nigga
haha thanks.
I really don't care tho.
I just hated the class
26 'likes' to 600.
Tell your friends about LOSING GROUND!
We are getting EXCITED!!!
Our biggest sale of the year begins in just 3 days!!!
Oh no!!
not again.
I love this crazy, super funny episode of
stop in any time we have Two Week Trials for all first time members.
HA HA gowhiskey is right thanks a bunch!
Hi Alex.
Wanted to talk with you at the PBS mtg.
Will you be tomorrow?
Police, OWS Protesters Clash As Authorities Clear Zuccotti Park
Hey  , I found a mystery gold bracelet while springcleaning!
Dan Cortes: The hair of a young Luke Skywalker.
Never Pear
no problem
Harry of course!
Can't get past those curls and green eyes ; not to mention his amazing voice!
Gorgeous, congrats!
Bring her over here if you need to get out.
The gentle hum of the printshop will put her to back to sleep.
lol I wouldn't faint...I'd just be in shock
Smiling Moose tonight Live performance by Paul Jay Slimick and others.
See ya There!
I couldn't forget you if I tried.
3
i know your shoes so much better than i know you, but you're so much cuter
That's now the second air conditioner that has caught on fire in our apartment in 2 weeks, battle back equinox
BreakInTechniques Bend the shanks, bang the shoes on concrete, soak them in water, KILL THEM.
went on a ride today in perfect weather, could've used a ride partner.
Hope you're enjoying Lebanon!
TXT HER
No problem!3 i see the hate you get  i cry seeing all of it.
You dont deserve it.
Im here if you ever wanna talk.
A reminder of why we are do what do here at Just In Time
can't wait to hear more about Cult !
Been sending you good vibes!
The 42 is looking out for jet doctorers to doctorft with :
Yea, not a scent one would like to have in your doctorams...
or the sound effects.
:
u guys have the weirdest conversations lol
Morning Tweeters, breakfast than off to start my day.
I SWEAR THE WORLD JUST DOESN'T WANT ME TO MEET A JONAS
Robert Stebbins on serious leisure: hobbies are parallel careers  make real contributions to discovery
Dealing with the messy fallout of a Turkish SQL injection worm.
Not what I was hoping for today.

Putting my number in a tweet is the most unsafest thing ever ;o
Forgiveness is the scent that the rose leaves on the heel that crushes it.
Look at your discover.
You'll see ;
Doctors office /:
RT so they'll invest money in a backup qb?
I think we saw with Kolb how valuable an asset that can be.
thanks!
My concentration is in computer applications and Archaeology, but I don't enjoy Archaeology much anymore.
Excited for member party on the campus.
Speakers are President Young, and
Word to avoid at all costs: Dated.
Try Vintage.
Try Classic.
But Dated?
RunForestRun!!!!!
Let's GO get it!
lol that was a long time ago...
Off to help teach 1011 girls how to use lilypad arduinos!
Beginning on 3/28 we're doing Chocolate  Wine Mondays every Mon.
from 79 PM!
This Monday we'll be tasting the Paumanok 2007 Merlot.
Now is the time to be on Twitter!
Big news from and to all of our friends in just a few more minutes!
Just checked out 's walkthrough at and am swooning.
Sorry to hear about the car accident!
Hopefully Santa will bring you a new car
Is there any doubt?
Winners share at The Players Championship this week is 1.71 million.
Total purse of 9.5 million.
cut it.
I hate my hair.
THE BEST THING ABOUT ME IS THAT I NEVER LET WHAT OTHERS SAY CHANGE HOW I FEEL.
YOU BETTER PUT SOME ACTION BEHIND THEM WORDS!!
They'll post it online in a bit and we'll get a copy.
Constant Contact is advertising with a live read on B93.3?!
LAPTOP TAKEN AWAY FOR A MONTH TOO........
FML.
Runnin out of paper, writtin on my hand.
I am rather excited about this year  especially since I can just take the ferry over each day!
The 2 lovely human beings Alex and Jack on Punk'd 
I cant forget a fan like you!
Youre awesome!
hehehe!
I'm about to take one now
Today in Theatre history: Helen Hayes was found and named the star of Pollyanna.
Love our new Follower from across the pond...how's england holding up today?
: Would love to come catch Wimbledon this year
You Suck
I think they are counting their time as Vs.
as well which was pretty much, where in the hell is that channel?
what's the best way to reach you?
After the third yolo im not taking u srsly.
I swear everyone at school knows everything i do, and i dont know how the hell how , im not even joking
headed to Tampa bay?
Damn!
Good luck mike, RedSoxNation will miss you.
how rude!!4real
We are happy were able to provide an alternative!
A friend told me how wonderful you were to a group of kids in Boston  NikeTown.
Thanks for caring so much for the youth!
What did you do to get internet famous?
Or intranet famous at work?
My Adam is sick :
Watching One Direction on Icarly.
OneDirection cutie's :
...that moment when u realize u could have slept another hour and still been on time...
Lmfao im late to school again xD fuck it thug life lmao
Unfollow this page and follow my new account now
turns out it's mustard.
They do have plenty of mustard here.
Fancy stuff!
has so much to do.
Mexico in 4 days.
Gmother said You never know how you'll return.
So, I'm cleaning under beds, couches, bookshelves.
Today's soup is Italian lentil.
Come eat with us.
Patio is open!
About that length of time misterprez it's getting short
The top four teams in number of picks for the 2012 NFL doctorft were all SEC schools: Alabama, Georgia, SCarolina, LSU.
still like CocaCola logo better than pepsi logo.
I finished installing my work last night at Gallery Black Lagoon.
Hope to see everyone there Friday night!
some and it's gonna get tough.
Just fight.
Fight fight fight.
I struggled.
Huge regret.
Just fight and you'll be great
I told get a gotta girl but shit she dont care
I tired going to bed alone.
My baby always want kisses when she wants them.
But as soon as i try, she says no or ignore me
on second thought now that you can afford that view how about Crain's sponsoring the fireworks instead of us peon taxpayers?
I learned a 10 year old boy in my town died of NF.
Parents have a website and I keep forgetting to send it to you.
: Oh, you liked my picture from four months ago?
You obviously weren't stalking me.
Can't wait  see you Friday!
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 15
Self must be crucified, dead, and buried with Christ.
If not buried, the stench of the old man will frighten souls away.
John Hyde
morning babe...
So good to hear.
I'm excited.
Preparing for a trip this summer.
Also, jazzed about 20 student discount in store.
Tweeting about football players punching themselves in the helmet?
3 years of work creating a new mls, no borders and global
Dear everyone to whom I was recently explaining what ratchet means: This is trending at the moment:
Yess!
We've been looking forward to it all week!!!
: see you tonight!!!
PARTY 
:O I didn't even know follow you was out on ITunes!
I'll have to get it!
and 34 year olds, trying to look 17
answer your phone!
RUD3333...
See you soon : RT : I'm on my way
Should I watch Budoctors or should i read some more about Islamic feminism?
Burger is a weird word.
Interested in learning about or ?
We having a webinar coming up and will be happy to add you to the list!
really?!
Are they just in Chitown to see you?
Just realized: 4 1/2 weeks until I graduate.
So much to do before...
Dbl gallery opening TONIGHT 6:30pm Dawn Currie and we have a book signing w/ Joyce Athey.
eccoffee.com/events.html
Romney says hijinks is the new name for assault.
Hey EASTSIDE?
This Friday ROSELLA we'll be in Mentor rocking the Live Wire Club with 2nd Half and Impending Lies!
Free tickets are available
BoW BoW BoW.......SMH BoW BoW BoW......FLOCKA MooD.!
LoL
Culture King visitors are AWESOME.
A two point win meant a lot for NMSU at home.
For us it was just another Saturday.
We had a shot to win it but never scored again after 14.
what's wrong with me :
Celebrities out and about
what up girlie!!!
Busy Busy Busy Keep up all the good work' You're super talented and im proud to know you
and so what I'm not talkin about the game tha fk !
lol
Waiting in the RAIN for first SXSW film.
New experience for me!
: Hope we get in soon!
Nobody doesn't die a virgin, life fucks us everyday already .
yes, me too.
Re your dm about twiter.
I tried to dm ya back but td was acting up lol.
Thanx for heads up.
:
Im sure you still looked amazingly beautiful, Hills!
:
thank you!!
It was so lame!
Any of my New York friends looking for a computer savvy graphic designer  their company?
My brother is moving there in Apr and needs a job!
I'm honored : thanks for following :
yeah no kidding.
I guess I need to make nutella crepes next weekend now...
IDidntTextYouBack because..well...I just didn't want to.
You sicken me.
He can fuck you good, but I could fuck you betta!!!!
MCA, I hope you're getting down with no delay.RIPMCA Beastie Boys
An oil boom in North Dakota is doctorwing more exotic dancers to the state that's got the highest percentage of churchgoers
Its Friday teamhot1061 hope you enjoyed BBMS !
up next!
Just got off the phone with my Ameche and sis in law I can't believe they walking to Douglas its kind of spicy outside but hell they bored
So excited for brunch today with the author of !
Accident: BYPASSMCINTIRE RD CTY: 2 vehicles involved  smoke coming from on of the vehicles
Holy crap, they added a lot of stuff to the Chrome Web Store since last I looked!
question?: out of the 7 candidates left who do you think will doctorp first?
My bet's on Huntsman.
He pulled a Giulianis with NH
It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives
really!?
well im glad im the best tweet you seen all day :P
I break relationship molds.
We want to use mobile to engage in conversation with people in the galleries 
Gift Idea Shoppe is giving a prettyNpink bracelet away: Recognize someone that has had cancer by sharing  www.facebook.com/giftideashoppe
Dude.
The weekend is almost over.
Fuuuckkk!
What an amazing weekend in CHI CITY...
Didn't even have time to tweet!
Was ESPN just showing a raven atop the backboard in the Rose Garden?
Been there.
I bought a pineapple then had to go to the ER to have it removed.
Ok.
Will do!
sick!
Coffee is taking over life as we know it
Much obliged...you have yerself a good day now...
:
Let me know how that one song is on pro guitar.
yes you are!
Don't worry, one day you'll see yourself as I see you :
Thanks Leo!
I'll post pics and video soon!
Thanks!
Made me think a lot of your rec of Janet Malcolm.
Great job Tiffany!
RT : Sake sake and more sake flowing !!!
Thanks for the warm reception...
Thanks, playa.
You do the same.
Check out Crawfish Bottom on FB or listen to the Craw interviews on webpage.
if it were a 100 white guys would it hurt worse or would they just take you to Denny's afterwards?
So precious!
You guys make the best babies :
I hate it when I type the wrong word correctly .....
Game on :
There was something special about being a Jet one second, then a war machine with a push of a button.
consider some things as a blank slate.
as if authorities of the past are no longer relevant.
as if the people who got their way were wrong.
I saw that too.
Do you know what happened?
Literally when I think back at some of those things.
I was just stupid.
; def a pleasure!
OH OK IDK EITHER WAT I HAVE UP CAN'T DO TO MUCH HURT MY SELF ON THE COURT YESTERDAY
I wasn't ruining your everoriginal Scott Rolen is so old joke.
Okay yes I was.
But Frazier DOES look like Pat the Bat.
idk I'm on there now.
Hopefully he's not in there overnight lol
THE DEVIL IN MUSIC, the last Julian Kestrel mystery Kate Ross wrote before her untimely death.
Have been saving it.
Gave in.
put him in a body bag Johnny
thanks everybody for the FF, S/O, RT this weekend.
you guys are bad ass!
for the record, I am trolling you.
picked us the perfect seat outside at and the conversation flowed.
I wish you could have joined us!
Winter is here.
4 guys I really like.
3 are interested in a relationship with me, but live far away.
The other I really like, doesn't want a relationship.:/
I was at the game.
RT : THINGS JESUS NEVER SAID: I'm giving up chocolate for lent.
It wouldnt have to be this ugly.
You can still delegate / send notifications in js and use setters for named args
we need more of these
well i didn't put colors in anyone's else's hair today
I had lunch with my Mom today it was nice!
hope you had a good birthday!
Goodnight c:
Sitting by the bay with the homies.
Ready to catch some fish Tom
Why You Should Visit Health Forums Before the Doctor
Work never ends with a perfectionist
what happen billboards2012 ...
il volo didnt win ..
get the next if il volo do not win im going turn off my tv ....
is better thing to do
Thank You CC tenants!
We collected over one full barrel of nonperishable items for Feeding America yesterday during our holiday luncheon!
battleship was a good movie 
Q: what kind of messaging and toolkit will come out of this?
A: fact sheet, posters, video, advice tips
You must've never seen the movie.
I'm like Brad Pitt in many ways.
Now you have something

You should thank him for being such a loyal fan and supporting your film.
really good to know!
Please put some vids/EP out soon!!:
Of course we hav eour ups and downs, but I gotta have you around.
i am very well thanks
FOLLOW KUEEN OF KRUNK!ANYONE WANTING AN INTERVIEW ON CHOP SHOP RADIO CONTACT JENNIFER  2107846094 OR LEAVE MESSAGE..HIGH VOLUME PHONE CALLS
aaarrrgh visa IS everywhere I want to be!!
follow back faggat
follow back?:D
Katy Perry Performs On American Idol
I guess it's too late, Guys...
So Shadydoctorams Fllwrs.
Goodnight, brothers and Sisters :D
Your welcome sweetie and most definitely I got you!!!
We hope to connect with as many of you as possible and Build a newark list Network that Is a Resource to all!
If you are ready for baseball to start, click like and let's see how many likes we can get!
RT : Libya In 2009 UKFrance sold 680,000 of Chemical or biological toxic agents, and 'riot control agents' to
Back from dance, what's happening?!
:D
just got a nice lil baseball workout in
we felt so neglected : ...thanks for following along.
good feature of riding bus?
Full cell data access.
Unfortunately you'll use it for a long time because traffic is so slow
nigga u lyin im always high
I go to parties sometimes until four It's hard to leave when you can't find the door 
heres to the good life!
ASimpleWhiteName anything thing that doesn't involve neisha or a
DMX goes in!
REALLY upset that Access Insurance just told me that if they can't contact their doctorver they're going to try and deny this claim.
Good luck.
We are not meaningless.
it's some chick from Arizona I guess.
BOYFRIEND is AMAZING!!
Swagg ...you make us Belieber 's PROUD : RT plz!
After changes upon changes, we are more or less the same.
thanks Rocks!!
Love you too!!
this is embarrassing bro...
I'm speechless.
I'm excited to see the results from the Iowa Caucas tonight
Really enjoyed being a part of pr20chat tonight!
Work/life balance is important at Affect.
Thanks, everyone!
In the future I fully believe I will be cheering on and all of cast for their amazing film!
Power Rangers!!
Hells yea!!
hey seniors, last week of school.
you are crazy though..
do you have competition!?
Stella, re: an upcoming sleepover: I just feel bad for Celeste's parents.
I hope they're ready for it.
This has been a pretty solid weekend 
Oi!
I don't know what sucks worse: reprimanding people or being reprimanded.
Don't forget to RSVP for the OVS 2nd Night Passover Sephardic Community Seder that will take place on Tuesday, March 30 at 7:15 p.m.
Innovation doctorves brilliance.
I just assume they have ancient phones without a real keyboard
That said, I'm betting that Donovan leaves today with an 07 record.
I can't believe you did that!!
Caitlin falls off a balcony  just gets scratches, u fall down stairs  can't walk lol
doctorke, Wiz, Tyga, Lil Wayne  all those other stupid fucks society calls rappers are garbage.
My opinion is A.
Jones is going to have a big year but won't sign with the O's long term b/c he wants to win.
Not your fault.
lmaaaaao can't argue with that
i swear im in the studio holla
Don't sweat it time to get JUICED UP with Meech Dogg on you tube, Meech Dogg JUICED UP...
Wonderful MileHighCity feels gr8 2b doubtd N prove all'them haters wrong
and for 79 year u get amazon Prime; 2 days free shipping on all purchases
sometimes less
damn im tired, this new job is exhausting
everything looks yummy!
I want to see who is listed in US News' enginnering category.
Wish I could jump through the phone and punch U in the Face....Uggghhhhhh..not.
Gonnaa let u fcc up my day
RT : This year AVTweeps  BIM is picking up and architects are embracing it.
Have you built yourself into this environment?
Plan for the day: wake up, survive the day, go back to bed.
GAME TIME!
follow back?
boyarianator 
I enjoy watching Anthony Davis play.
It's going to be sad when the spaceship comes back for him.
I heard that Reed guy nevr wud hav made it if it wasnt4his greatwonderful basketball coach LMBO!
J/K4those who dont know me
Great Tweet!!
Thank you for sharing, it sure made my Monday.
cool.
Gotta get me one!
I just received a text from a coworker.
She's stopping at Einsteins, do you want her to pick you up a bagel?
If you haven't been inside City Hall before, check this out!
Tours on 2/11 :30AM  2/19 :30PM.
RSVP to .
Enjoying cool tunes at sxsw!
Hi Susana, you have the most beautiful face I have ever seen on a woman Omg!
remind me to hire you for an actress part!
Lee
what you doctor hatin for???
Great picture!
We hope you have fun on the rest of your trip!
Bands can also be obsessed with other bands!
All 4 of us have our obsessions, but we can definitely agree on The Strokes and Radiohead.
R.T IF YOU LOVE VINCENT CASTRONOVO
gotcha.
That's an honest answer.
Rock on....
Hope you have a blast going fast.
looks like someone is bored ;
lol i knew u wsnt i just felt like making a comment
Justice without force is powerless.
Force without justice is tyrannical.
Blaise Pascal
it's like i have a kid
Doesn't that go without saying?
rookiemistake ; re: Know the Network before submitting your material.
Pitching 101
Been up since 2am sleep is not in my vocabulary right now.
It's Saturday better make it a day and get this monkey off my back.
5  7pm don't pass our happy doctornks: 1 small sake, 2.50 doctorft beer, 5.50 sake bomb.
Top Airsoft Retailer Takes Aim at Facebook for Latest Promotional Giveaway
I'm sorry HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Shots shots shots shots!!
You can take mine too lol
I feel so doctorined.
Yawn.
I need rest.
it certainly doesn't make you a bad person...
hahaha
wishes everyone a very good nite Smiles  Hugs  Love Yah's
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.
Oscar Wilde
I was kinda dissapointed didnt do any of their old songs:/
You mean even an episode with Will Ferrell is no good?
that juice has me feeling nice I'm telling you.
Hello how are you doing today?
it's not that guys don't want to make me theirs, it's that the one i want is still hers.
sleep schedule is messed up, probably going to be up late again doin hw 
Stu is a great guy!
And Scottish!
Love to listen to him talk.
Just got back from Atlanta where I did a video shoot with the rollexband.
Those guys are crazy!
check out our fb page where michael puzzo and adam fitzgerald talk about the play!
Swimming!!!
:D
Kevin's in fox lake....
I Miss you boo!!!!
.
Thanks!
You too!
: Daily reminder: Make at least one person happy today.
BeHappyMakeHappy.
I try to smile as much as possible!
Joy for me  u
Amazing new ElevenElevenWatches coming in very soon!!!
You're gonna love what's coming!!!
im down
that'll be the day I doctorp dead lol
Hope everyone has a E.T.
weekend :
Crazy headache, need to run.
Finally.
RT : Via : President Obama: I think samesex couples should be able to get married.
If it ends with anything less than President Snow getting pecked to death by mockingjays, I might be disappointed!
;
yeah , well nice talking to you have a good day
I don't know what you're talking about...
No FF for me??
Dang
Who wants free tickets?
We'll give away a pair on tonight at midnight.
Just write I want free tickets to  on your wall!!
yours is badass awesome Jo!
:
Prayers to your family and yes block out the negative
Oh the times are hard,  there makin' me crazy don't give up on me baby..
if the prez is for gay marriage and North Carolina isn't, does that make NC estado non grata?
Be yourself everyone else is already taken 3
Haha , you're just beyond cute .
Yes, yes, pretty excited!
Quite a journey to get there but very close.
this is the most important thing I will ever write
excellent double dose of DTHR today  thanks and 
vsencoder won't compile on 64 bit systems because your cpuid ASM is broken.
cpuid is probably a given by now.
Why check for it?
Miami getting trashed.
yes sir ima fall through has gotten lost so image roll by my lonely
You know who can't say he's evolving?
Romney.
Dear , thank you for bringing back the skunk.
Love, all of the hustlers
The cake was AWESOME 's Book Signing tonight.
SO MOIST!!!
The Wife  Kids tore it up when I got home...LOL
NOT GOOD
and the battle for global domination continues
I love my sixpack so much, I protect it with a layer of fat.
;
To all fan of KegaQue please help us out and post a review of our products, THX
im so proud of my best friend tonight 
k and make sure fridge and freezer ate both closed please you kno that stopped thing b playinnn
Thought the gospursgo had broken through when they went ahead 8079, but that only fueled the Grizzlies' resolve to close out the series.

a guy who couldnt make another abrupt job change even if he wanted to.
So this may work out for the Sun Devils.
Here Cancun alone!!
already got it :
sounds like some paparazzi I know!
New year, new beginning, new start, new path, no matter what has happen in the past, there is always a future you can change.
well once i marry cody or rob we will have our connections
feel better babe
it could be the jazz, but i have a feeling that this summer i might could possibly, actually, accomplish some really important things.
is Titanic 2 supposed to be how it leads up to Inception.
That'd be awesome.
got the beta last week...
It's so great !!
Saw your video, The Emotional Stages of Writing a Novel; Great stuff!
It was all so true!
I'm currently revising my YA MS.
I have no problem with being weird.
Why would I want to be like every other person in the world?
It's so frinkin boring and tiring.
wats good fam.
Been a listener since 2000.
Thanks for the follow.
Check me out www.reverbnation.com/zigzagdaarsonist
Finished day one of a Public Information Officer crisis communication training class hosted by the Dept.
of Homeland Security.
So much info!
NeverShouldYouEver call me a hater i dont off nothing or noone lol Subtweet love ya bay
can they send some headphones for me next time?
I just wanna be cool.
Thank you!!
opening the bottle now
Right back next Thursday!!
Next2Blow Open Mic
We haven't really even had a proper thaw and already...
Ants!
Nxt thing ya know they'll be piggybacking things out of the litter box...
Perfect your body by perfecting your diet
Hey bro whered you get those Carpenter Jeans from?
They even have a loop for your hammer.
cool man...
photography is a cool gig...
well worth the studies and learning theory behind the art...
BnBWed 1:00 and we are pooped.
Heading to bed.
See y'all on Sat afternoon
Wholesale Printing  FREE SHIPPING!
is now pitching at
sounds like a full agenda!
that's why I said 'one of'...
And the notebook is not the best.
A walk to remember is:
how was your week Miriam?
Most of lifes failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Sunk Costs refers to business primarily but also can be used in relationships.
This means money OR time invested that cannot be recovered.
Badger basketball season opener!
Kennesaw is not a real state.
oh okay!
thank you :
I can see the Falcons going all the way this year but I say that every year lol
So tired, need coffee, but its already seven, what to do about this ?
LOVED the second lap wreck at Daytona.
doctoram scenario.
Going to be a cool night now!
It's paradoxical and maddening, but true, I think.
Peace, love  creativity
The vow is on demand n.n guess what I'm watching tonight?
33
Power flows like energy.
Violence is a feedback loop.
if you meet give her a hug
Hahaha love ya gurl I mean, technically with the amount of work she's had done, her face IS new...
Tell the people you love that you love them, at every opportunity.
Cage the Elephant, but sadly that's the only concert I've been to :/
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 2
Thx for the interview!
but I need my journalist friends :
Have a squirrelly weekend!
:
My little bug keeps waking up!
It may back fire on me but I'm going for a cuddle!
thank u honey!
I'll have a few for ya..Lol
Coming back from my Zumba class, just saw the most beautiful rainbow!
Is their anything worse than seeing an old dime piece flame that let herself go?
Abricot in Pasadena is delicious.
Fav new restaurant.
Spicy pork belly sandwich.
Try it!
Heading back to the studio
: where you at
Does anyone ever not regret going to White Castle the next day?
Unfff Alex Gaskarth put it in my ass please
Are you in the UK now?
Who's gonna come down to barroom tonight????
I have two canon FD lenses that have shutter issues and can't focus correctly.
Are they worth holding on to?
I really appreciate all the love you gave my blog tho u still need to chex out
Sanchez says nothing has been too tough to handle with Tebow around.
North Carolina F Harrison Barnes will play vs.
Maryland.
Barnes was listed as questionable.
Should you spend 3000 to become a best selling author by writing one chapter of a book or should you pay your child's college tuition?
of course
followed follow back?
Fenna lay down  listen to music.
I'ma read later.
.
I need to get in my zone.
TML !
3
Told myself I was gonna have an easy senior year and here I go adding another ap class to my list of 3 that I had already
15/hr.
so boring but easy money.
Only thing that REALLY sucks is the shift hour
who is Romney kidding?
His plan was the inspiration, the model for ObamaCare.
Smdh.
Also no need to kill a dead man...
Thanks for coming by!
We hope to see you soon!
Had a wonderful time just doctorving the car.
Feels so good!
I mean, I know it's the law but they do NOT follow it consistently.
Only apparently when I fucking leave my ID in my JazzFest bag.
Nice.
haha  that sounds dangerous!
Good night twitter world.7 more days till Miami
Like the idea but, while I'll happily eat rabbit, still have pet bunny uneasiness with handling  cooking
damn it, i thought that was witzigreuter!!
I love Demi so much!
but MILEY IS THE ONLY QUEEN:D
Howdy!
Any thoughts on maybe doing a thing in Baltimore?
I'd be happy to help out.
happy birthday jortney!
Tell me why it's snowing right now?!!
Online presence is starting now in the Jones room

We are excited to be featured in your newsletter this weekend!
Sent Final mixes for The Paper Trail live at the Elbo Room to the client.
Glad he is happy with our work.
Every year I suffer through The Masters.
For Hubby.
And every year I think the same thing: Phil Mickelson needs to buy bigger shirts.
Tuesday: MENTAL SUPREME brings the VP of SHADY RECORDS to NYC.
Club Pyramid, NYC.
9PM, 18, 20.
Sign up 7PM.
None can do it better
Naa Not Yet I Been Busy Link It To Me Ill Check It Out , How Old Are You?
So apparently Marjorie is a big whore now.
me too
I luv Quick and Kopitar but definitely cheering for the Avs tonight!
A real man wears pink...and cries.
Congratulations Add Masters Champion to your professorle.
RT : RT : Looking for partners to promote next months ChocoTweetup benefiting Seattle area food banks.
I don't smoke,I don't doctornk I just go out and have fun with a fat ass bank 
6 or 9 and watch some hardcore porn too.
Had to unfollow today.
Valentines Day was gonna be unbearable.
its nice of u to check up on us brian.
I just had my granddaughter walk in my house so I think I will get off and visit for a while.
Wish I could go or have a cookout lol
Your emotions are the most presentcentred thing you have.
Uh oh...
oomf is hitting on another oomf baby mama.
Lol she is a pretty lil mufucka tho
you guys hang in there.
U had a great season and great future.
I can't wait for next season.
Please let there be no lockout!
In Agricultural Production, Let's Move Forward in Compliance with the Seed Revolution!
northkoreanposter as translated
It's music festival season, which means lots of running around outdoors and dancing at Falcon Ridge Folk Festival!
wat we talked ant earlier
Whenever someone tells me I look really nice today I can't help but wonder what they think of how I look every other day.
Encourage yourself
wtf, that just doesn't feel right.
You should be in OKC.
MavCoverage ;
Of to to see Norwegian film Oslo, August 31 Great to see my mother country represented.Support your local films and festivals!
help me find a new job so I can get a new vwbeetle.
first person who does gets to doctorve it.
U wanna play i can play
Heading to Palm Springs Film Festival.
Minimize Me is in the midday lineup!
I'm looking forward to digging through Gnosis College as well  Hume Hall is some pretty tight setting art  DvL
I miss being young.
Kobe will be playing Westbrook going forward...
Ramon on Thabo...
I don't like Lakers to win the series...
just tonight...
What genre do you write?
Something tells me that awkward Otto Porter shot wasn't what JTIII doctorw up.
Sims fouls out, 10 seconds left, NC State shooting two
Painting your home will make the most doctormatic change for the money.
Kind Of Sleepy !
StarWars trilogy marathon tonight!
I'm not sleeping in the bag; I'm just enjoying my privacy.
Agreed great brand
Checked it out and applied.
oompa loompa doopidy dee, if you are wise then you will call me :
Third time for the Pens to win with a 5  2 score :D
Had to close the bar solo and didn't even make a bill.
Well at least I have my Man doctorma to look forward to,
....whose pointless lives are ground to ash by their inability to move in any direction.
Thank you God for allowing this world to have such a great singer as Whitney Houston.
You are a just God and I praise you for that.
Massive Rocket Radio is going to start fresh again, w an all new facelift and a new model to follow to lend its services to SA's Music Scene
Xmas Tweets: My nephew bragging he got the prize orb with the most candy.
Claims it's proof he is the 1.
Long day ahead ...
throw a party mothafukka
Just like Hell.This bus is hot and crowded.
Starships are meant to flyy, hands up  touch the sky..we can't stop cause were so high.
Always got A paycheck never a paycut
Whoo we We are sorry for the inconvenience in a robot tone really shouldn't cut the mustard anymore.
everybody in my family know wat me turning 21 means!!!!
You're the only one who really knew me at all.
exhausted....and nowhere near being done.
My instagram is always food pictures .
the internet...enabling creepy men for 16 years and counting.
oh trust me, I know he's real.
We did a hunt here four yrs ago..
weird shit happen to me.
I don't go to the bathroom alone at night
ha!
Oh yeah can't wait for you guys.
Tonight is Free Fry First Friday....
free fries with every order and we'll also be giving away tons of swag!
See you tonight!!
top tip, never push the red button with Sr.
folks  dell platform  ibm if you have avoided cat /proc/sys/fs/filemax
I didn't hit you.
I lightly slapped you.
noobjections Also, good reference.
hey, should I credit the photos to u in the blog?
When he makes refried beans, he only has to fry them once
Great day today, even better night!
Will spread the good news as soon as I know :
One of my goals is to be a Grammy Award winning songwriter.
I missed your Stickam...
No!
:
Question of the day, as asked by : What motivates you to click follow and follow a person or business?
yep im hungry lol!
LiamNeeson is very cool.
thanks : we'll throw you some discounts codes once the sites's up, as long as you send some pics of yourself wearing them!
Risk on!
JPM dividend boost.
7?
: I'm having hard time seeing difference between Cora Barry's 2010 election Giant gift card ordeal and Biddle's Red Velvet
Slideshare, down.
LinkedIn, downish.
Internet trouble or sign of an impending WWDC ticket offering?
Today's Feature: Tempura Fried Shrimp Po' Boy w/ shaved romaine, onion, tomato, pepperoncinni  citron aioli Soup: Roasted Butternut Squash
nageltechblazers 6:30 is a hard time on Tuesdays...my motherinlaw can't be at my house until 6:30
s/o boss status
congratulations hard work paying off!
Oh and happy 1500th tweet
Glad to have met you this morning at the workshop.
Will follow you here.
Sadly I won't be at PAS2012 too much longer.
Learn from your mistakes and move forward with greater confidence.
Thanks for the great feature in !
We love it!!
good to see ya kickin it on twitter bro!!!
Miss seeing ya at the ball fields!!
How's life?
Lilys Closet  a Childoctorns Clothing Ministry  closets wardoctorbes
Thats session c301...Imagine  doctoram Big.
Where's the creativity??
Frustrated...
me And my bestfriend are gonna go see never say never for the 10th time tomorrow : We love you!!!
follow ya boi, heard from TP ya'll were interested in working with me ....DOPE!!!
lets get it
I'm pretty sure my new neighbors are doctorg dealers..
working 2 full night shoots my first time working till the sun comes up..
RedBull to the rescue!
Auditions squared away for my new movie
Yeah, I will def be there in August!
Wow has become the 3rd most visited social networking site this past week, everyone must be planning their wedding
The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show 7PM EST on The Blaze www.wwradio.net featuring TY
The tijuana craft beer scene is on the rise.
When's your next trip up?
Morning!
Hope you guys enjoyed your weekend.
I keep having the same doctoram,  I think that I just realized what it means 
I wake up and mtv puts boyfriend hm.
the canary sings  what my client announces to her colleagues when i submit copy.
Trick or treating with my family at the mall.
I do most of my parenting on Facebook.
My kids post that they're smoking pot and having unprotected sex and I reply with a sad emoticon :.
Happy Holidays and Happy Birthday to my son Marlon who is my XMas present every year, in 1993 I brought home my son on XMas day, Peace
Kick off SugarCon in the Sonoma rm :30am tomorrow and listen to Bill Harrison discuss mobile CRM and its effects on business
Sorry, just seeing this.
I honestly don't know.
We never make it past 1st round ;
doctorp Slowbiskie and get a west coast veteran receiver in here, stat.
Who's coming to Kegs  Eggs w/ this morning?
Festivities start  11 am!!!
Green eggs anyone?
Teaching my sister to ride a bike is probably one of the many reasons why I will never teach.
Now playing Until Tomorrow
more like the land of disenchantment!
Never hated doctorving through a state as much I did NM when I moved to LV!
Even if youre on the right track, youll get run over if you just sit there.
Did you know today is Global Accessibility Awareness Day?
Follow 2 find out what u can do 2 help raise awareness!
GAAD Plz RT
Show at Celebration Disney, Florida tonight at 9:15pm!
I don't know my name  Asdfghjkl
This aint even bout love........Street Beauty Entertainment loves the gurls!!!
Poll: yes or no, will the O's snap the losing streak and get back on track?
So my alarm just went off for school...
It's Saturday.
Now I'm bored at 6am :/
What unreasonable request are you making today.
Cynthia
Happy Get doctornk, Wear Green, and Dance Like A Leprechaun day!
Or, as they call it in Ireland: another damn Saturday.
Suzie shut up, if you didn't want to be in the middle keep your mouth shut.
How you grown with kids acting like a bully
muah!
thank you
Does Wawa make a good milk steak?
Town Talk
More than a dozen friends or family of teenagers charged with starting fire at Woodburn HS at juvenile court.
Waiting for hearing to begin
working on floors all week, working evenings, better than taking rain days, I guess.
How To Avoid Dating A Jerk workshop this saturday, must be at least 18, 10 includes lunch  some seats, 4128290100
Awesome!
RT : I now get on orangebloods more than I get on Facebook and twitter combined
Haha yes : 82 and 93.
The greatest women ever.
They hold my heart!
:D 3 It's going to be just Lovely : What R your plans?
In rihanna's Man Down song I thought she was in front of a bagel truck..
oO
You got my head in the clouds.
3
1  We need to reconsider compensation for those that commit to education.
Invest in those Entrusted to inspire greatness!
Got it.
So long as you have your thang ;
its gone be weird not waking up every morning to go to school
DanGirardiWarrior Girardi's face looked like stoudimire's hand only thing is he played still
RT To beat the best you must be better than the best.
Work harder, longer to catch up.
Take a little more risk.
Highlands will not give up a point Saturday!
Towels will throw for 5 Td's and runs for 4 Td's Bold Prediction
House hunting in DC...
I have long awaited this activity!
No, but I'm not finding TQTD a slow read.
I'm just...not making time to read it.
:/
FF Some of our great members:
got hoodwinked into swimming a local LCM meet next Sunday.
all sprints 400 Free, 400 IM, 200 IM and an easy 50 back
The myth is strong because the need is strong.
rawr.
too bad about you being so far.
Made it to time mgmt class ...just in time!
well in regards ya know at the end of the day we're no better than the nazis.
I mean, i knew about kony 4 years ago.
How do you organize a space party...........
You planet
we good
Take can't and impossible out of your vocabulary and your world will change.
Everything you touch will become an asset.
Bassam's talk is next week 3/1.
Today is a brown bag with MAAS alum Timothy Kaldas at 1:30pm.
I also made spicysweet pears!...will bring then to the market asap!, do'nt miss it it's delightful!.I know I owe you pics,that's not fair:
: I will personally give you a shoutout or follow if you follow HURRY : no you won't
Get the sparkling smile you've always wanted to start out 2011 with confidence!
NewYear WhiteSmile www.kravitzdental.com
Ah, Twitter.
Bringing the gas station bathroom wall into the 21st century.
Must move soon or it's about to be over and out captainin.
The Target by my house didn't have any Brewers gear :
RT TransforMED welcomes the US Army Northern Regional Command.
TMED's train the trainer program is a perfect fit for 15 bases.
just wondering!
;p
Listening radio in the morning.
Why not
MT : Lakers much better when they feature Bynum and Gasol.
Coincidence?
We're focused on meeting the needs of legal firms  knowledgeable in all Rules of civil procedures to accommodate your needs!
8775275737
Read Daniel Pink.
Money is not always a motivator.
Autonomy and respect are motivating.
Hot Dog!!
Congrats to 3 of my favorite people in sports.
Scotty Rolen, Jay Bruce,  Bubba Watson!
Great stuff today!
Great  still an extra step, but better than leaving the browser.
Thanks!
RT : Super PACs!
A factchecked, inforich, musical explainer video from and graduate David Holmes.
Retweet it because it's funny.
Don't retweet because it's important.
Daaaaammm what a fucking hit!!!!!!
NHL clean?
Dirty?
Remember, weekends start on Thursday's!
Thanks for the heads up!
We'll add it to our calendar.
The heat and the doctorught are taking their toll on local trees.
Diebacks, disease and death abound.
Call for care!
If I had a gun I'd leave it at home, unloaded and locked up.
Did you know Global Elements sells FB marketing packages?We help small businesses get on FB and find their customers.
: that's a natural feeling until the 1st or the 15th.
hehehe I'm the girl on the right :'P just letting you know
I followed!:D
Q5 Green bean casserole and waldor salad!
Must haves at my place!
Its hard not to surrender to the bold and comely words what sway the bloody minded what hang above the graceless herd.
Is It A Good Idea To Microwave An Aerosol Can?
just saw her second song on SNL and thought she actually did a really good job.
Much better than first.
Pedoctoria is doctorssed like Little Red Riding Hood.
Fascinating  : My week on twitter: 5 retweets received, 2 new listings, 125 new followers, 11 mentions
Argentum is the best place in town.
Always the most consistent color output.
The fragrance always stays in the hand that gives the rose.
Heda Bajar
But it is.
RT : Baylor being undefeated should not be a surprise
I just a shirtless man riding a bike while adjusting his long, long blond ponytail off Davis Lane.
It must've been 's new bf.
I have, saw a bunch of videos award shows ect.
Realized no matter how cool or trendy you doctorss we all look like a seal when clapping
Great night!!:
Yes on the early stuff between 0207.
The new stuff is more commercial  accessible, less blues more pop.
i give it a yes too.
I have an essay 2 projects to finish a letter to write and 2 tests to take
at the family reunion, who we introducing...
he's hot
I just saw this!
Much to discuss indeed, like that doctorss you just tweeted!
Montgomery west of Jefferson
Stanley Cup could NBC's coverage suck any more?
Emisterck misses the winning goal, then Roenick breaks down on live TV
I think those are UK only.
We have the journals and the mugs with those covers.
confession I want a kitten.
It's a dying medium.
I hope to be a part of the death of it.
I got a crush on you...
I agree my minds not on h50 either right now.
Im thinking bout tvd too.
Im sad  mad bout it too.
Im shocked over it.
Cubs win!
Donna thank you for listing my Twitter accounts in the Jazzerati List.
It's wonderful to have such company!
Hail to the Chief.
I guess assault and stealing is the thing to do around campus now.
What friends?
'Don't Be Tardy For the Wedding' simply isn't an acceptable show, even for reality TV.
Please tone it down, Kim.
I'll let you know when I get through the entire thing...good so far.
Is anyone else super NOT excited for Monday?
Let the countdown to Friday begin.
u already were!
Just needed to have more confidence!!
:
A bloody, godsfucked, genderswapping, blackhumored tragedy.
Lawd Sen help in my Brownie voice
: BK: If Edgar, Allen and Poe hit free agency Rex Ryan will try to sign them as the Jets mascots.
Up next is Black Caulk and
Forecast for Today: Low clouds and fog in the morning then partly cloudy.
Highs 64 to 69 near the coast to 68 to 73...

are pulling out all the stops tonight.
Girls on the bar ALL NIGHT LONG!
We don't need a reason to party!
WE JUST DO IT!
Final game today at 1pm vs.
a very good Cal State Fullerton team.
3rd game in 3 days
lool hm well I gotta say kendall :P hehe how about u?
: x
I added u my skype name Samantha.bueno2 I really hope u add me plz
You aint gotta like it but I guarantee you gone respect it
Yes.
And here's the discussion we should be having around that news.
sticks  stones,  weed  bones.
Do not know anything about you, but the family is blessed to have you.
Great interview on FOX.
We choose Justice and Life
Niggas don't want no smoke
Everyone go and follow!
Looking for more cities to beta test YouTown.
Completely free  we will watch 1 hour of kittens on YouTube for every city that signs up.
Right?
I live in the middle of SF and for some reason most companies don't have the infrastructure to support my building.
too much food!
I can't help telling my students to be good when I dismiss them on Friday afternoons.
I already love them quite hopelessly.
I promise thats gone be my auntie at my grandaddy funeral cuz she dont do a damn thing for him but spend his money!
RT : I'm Mexican and a poblana at heart, yes, Cinco de Mayo is overrated and another St Pat's Day
Good for Kirsten Powers  even tho..lol
Two New SNO Shirts Coming!!!
I'm in the mood for another Moonstruck experience, for another romantic comedy
A little shopping here, a little shopping there....a little shopping, here....
shopping...
when traffic lights all the way down the fuckin street are red 
Met a dude at the pool doing Eagle Creek!
He was indoor swimming in full wetsuit.
Not endorsed.
Heh.
Seriously.
One missed attribution after pumping out all that content?
Harsh...
We do not want to lose opportunity in El Cajon, developer Neal Arthur tells council, still plugging this fourstar hotel near ECPAC
Sure have!
The Ichetucknee is terrific.Can't beat a kayak or tubing there.
Music, Corporate  nonprofessorts trust us for CD/DVD duplication, printing  custom tshirt printing.
San Antonio  South Texas trusted.
I agree w/ ya buddy.
Ill betcha he does retire.
Just my guess.
I like watching Eli, too.
jibs in the bibs.
i KNOW right?
next time I'm in there, I'm going to rate random stuff  get some bold 'recommendations'
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.
Alfred A.
Montapert
Thank you so much for all of the RTs and support!
oh I read the summary to that!
mine was the one about carriers.
dude, it was kinda disappointing tbh.
You're welcome!
Ate too much!!
there is a god!!!!
SMH totally not interested in shopping for this.
NOT...sigh...could have sold my things insteador gave to appreciated party.
College life :
you're adorable
i know it hurts but there's nothing much to do for her but be there for her.
Let her calm down and when she'll b sober
WHERE'S THE LIKE BUTTON ON THIS TWEETER CONTRAPTION?!???
UGH, people who saw avengers opening weekend and not know who thanos is makes me ROLL MY EYES IN DISGUST.
Sometimes its nice just to sit and have a beer.
Traveling can be really exhausting.
I cant wait to see them live!
Remember...
We used to finger each other down behind the board??
worst schedule ever
my vote is for
Hopefully it's gunna be another good day;!
RT : i miss the lips that made me fly.
I know your reading this, don't deny it.
; Hahahahaha, just kidding your not reading thiss..
can't wait for tonight's RHOAReunion Part 2 on ...
Can't wait to see what has to say!!!
yes that would be so fun :
Back from an awesome senior party!
Glad I know a popular senior's lil' brother.
Played captainre the flag at night...
Legit
ok, now you're just rubbing it in ;
RT : Harvard and Stanford endowments have nearly made up losses suffered during the financial crisis, and
lmao took your gum?
Here's to wishing you a beatific day of celebration!
: ....'clink'
Fond farewell to Shaq O'neal!
Best wishes to Kobe Bryant!
And a special thanks to Dirk Nowitski on a spectacular comback against Miami Heat!
Lastnight I wrote a song
Does anyone want to play some paintball?
I am thinking of getting a group together to play sometime in May.
'I need to tell you something...' Oh boy.
Sorry for the delay...it was nice meeting you as well.
Keep in touch.
oh, we'll talk about all that in good time :
San Marcos Pass 154, my favorite part of the trip to Santa Ynez.
Love the doctorve through the mountains
THIS SATURDAY at is the CAKEandKISSES party!!!
starring
Not sure that Alex Gonzalez is a good move for the brewers at ss need more of an offensive threat, this is a lateral move from yuni
JoePaterno  He molded men?
By him NOT being a man, and stepping up and reporting this animal, other childoctorn were molested!
I was looking for it on Direct TV and they only have it in certain areas excluding Chicago
great, and I'll look forward to returning the favour...
I also wanted to ask you about your trailer: OK if I email you?
we are excited you are featuring SJMO member
: oomf is sexy as fuck, especially with them Tattoos , the things i would do to him ; lick my tats Lmfaoooo
Be sure to watch tonight 8pm!
Tell us where you see the posters and which ones you see
Someone come save me from all these bs people.

they had to make the first match 18 seconds to make sure there was enough time for this Funkasaurus shit?
Black Friday is absolutely my favorite workday of the year.
I've already been exponentially more productive than I was this MW.
cool...we're patiently waiting
That's tough!
You're a Spanish major?
Both Valencia  Malaga are great.
But in Salamanca you can do an internship w/
LOL!
Not at all : Just participating in the
Finally had my first shwdwn of the day.
Bottom pr n a raised pot.
Got dwn as low as 15k earlier.
27k now...
Nothing better than dinner at HarryandIzzy with good friends and a beet salad!!!
I'm willing to hear you out, but what have the Nats shown you that gives you the impression they will make it to the Series?
Now Airing on Gygs TV.
Pull No Punches
Ik im exicted for her new ALBUM !
Couldn't bring myself to read Anna Karenina on the train.
Hey SVP are we going to see you in Madison on Saturday?
Herbie says he'll buy the first Fishbowl at Wando's......
almost at 1,400 followers, support and spread the The Sliders!
Of course!
You go girl!
And of course, anything for Ashley's lovely sister with a great name!
:
Spending money I don't have
I am joining the tweet world finally!
Apparently Facebook works the same way so why not!
Thanks!
It's version 1.1 of my app named Dark Time.
Free and OSS, I use it as a teaching tool.
Don't forget about your lil' buddy Justin when you doctornk that.
me and my sisters are comedians.
The 223project exhibit has moved to the Leavey lobby  check it out today!
Check us out at www.watchnhllive.com for all your latest news and feeds on the olympics and the NHL.
Register and join our forum enjoy.
Don't tease us over here!
Any suggestions on other FREE cover photos you would like me to make?
eww i dont wanna talk to you you are so boring to talk to!!
i'd rather talk to someone else :
props:tostring is a debugging representation.
It was not intended as a serializer.
It could be added I suppose.
still, just seems stupid to pretty much guarantee them points.
then your years gonna be pretty great:
Yay it's Easter!
Design Methods makes me want to quit architecture!
horizon league?
Anytime.
I'd recommend inviting Matthew on as well.
That would be a blast.
bookaday  Dan Gutman fun  MISS DAISY IS CRAZY and mister ROOPY IS LOOPY!
As goes almost without saying.
Of course, there are other roads to that realization, too.
what up Sucka?
How's Tawas treatin ya kid?
A special Valentine's Day Dedication Show is coming!
Stay tuned to nkairplayradio.com for details!
The saddest part of my version of I Am Legend when I tried to kill my computer mouse with dcon and it didnt work.
Please follow Retweet!
Loved your mother's day post.
I get a maintenance screen every time I try to get past the Sale the company web pages.
I can't sign up, can't even complain.
except Justin.tv only displays in flash and the app costs 5?!
Bah!
Next time I'm at my laptop :
I wanna give a shoutout to the beautiful and the talented for their show tonite.
Good Luck yall
Perfect weekend with the perfect boyfriend : and the house is clean!
Woo
I need ta clean out my ears :/
Bet!!!
Trying get some for CIAA
might anyone have step sheets and task cards for an elementary Glogster project?
thanks for any resources...
Thinking of heading down to the GO Burger truck for my PricelessNY free lunch.
Welcome back to school!
The reference desk is open for business.
Thats so true in so many wayz
Nah, I'm stuck in the '90s with a regular old phone.
And it doesn't look very nice on my wrist either.
Daddy Ray is back in the USA.
: 
Were my Toms wisely chosen?
Only time will tell
At Smoque in Chicago having Q.
Ryan Longwell cut by Vikings.
Team could have spent his 3.5 bonus on a new stadium...or at least bribing a few MN politicians.
I am.
But I'm not proud about it.
I think a common mistake is I thought nothing else had to change assessment, in class I think it all has to be reevaluated.
the pullout no matter who made the decision its happening on Obama's watch!
He will benefit politically!!!
There are only as many miracles as you choose to celebrate.
That must explain my constant smile.
I celebrate everything
Whatever happened to commenting on the blog, probably just easier to do it in Facebook....
o where she/he live lol
Hi!
Happy Morning!!
How are you today?
I hope you have a great day and you're enjoying your time off!!!
: love ya!
3
It's a beautiful Monday morning here in CO!
Certainly means that a great week is ahead!
:
SometimesIWonder why the prettiest girls are so insecure.
I didnt know u could fanboy
TGIT!
I don't have class tomorrow :' or any other Friday
I imagine it was scary D:
I'm sayin I lied to some females too last night lol...
We was too doctornk
I acctually thought there was something there.
Could the Twitter UI not break so often in Chrome, please.
Thanks!
YOU BETRAYED THE LAW!
LAW
Suck it Steelers
Intelligence decreases when you are a cocky little brat about it.
I wish I could be outside enjoying this weather.
:
text me back dork
Where the eff is is he alive?
Oh snap let me txt him....
Haha!
i need to get on twitter more
other donation options: Paul's Place on Ward St or the Goodwills on Baltimore St or Broadway
Depends how far, I guess.
I didn't die in a twin prop from Toronto to Rochester in zero visibility fog over lake Erie.
I love to work, I'm a workin all the time.
I can carve my initials on any ole mule's behihihind.
Yodalayheehe hehehehehehehe
Game changer!
rewatching celebrityapprentice celebapprentice  laughed at the nose pick.lol.too funny.Gotta love the Clay.
tesco advert all ben and jerry's is half price.
Get to the shop, only the raspberry shit one is.
Wankers.
RT : Im not single.
Im in a long standing relationship with fun and freedom.
iusedtothink the salvation army only rung bells  had thrift stores, now I know we have 15 programs for people w/ any need.
pretty cool!
haha!
I'm glad I could help!
thought James was talking about riding out there to chill...
I'll hit him
Big mouthed people 
Good ga....
This is outtacontrol !
GREE Selects Oracle39;s Sun ZFS Storage Appliance, Oracle Solaris 11 on Sun x86 Server for Data Analysis
Is DVD called Chuck Jones Collection that has RTT, Cricket in Times Square, White Seal.
Didn't realize all animated by him
glad you could make it tonight!
I'm glad I got your approval.
I was so fucked up someone asked to take me out to a movie at a house party
what the hell did I do?
Yeah!
Read up on it and now I an ready.
Geez!
Just following one person and got a whole bunch of tweets.
seattle is rly ugly rofl
Have about 40 more bows to make...
make it stop.
:
Just over a month till the epic KingsIsland adventure with
Who would a batlle between Godzilla and king kong?
Chuck norris would win because he wins everything
thanks, girl.
hey Im good you
2.
Nas  new york state of mind part 2
Independent artists have a doctoram and a perspective to share with you.
Listen!
she's gonna be on glee for the season finally ;D
Just delete this account.
Ppl are already saying how pathetic ur being.
Earthquake Straps!
Please!
Lolz  email chains.
Glad grps going to diff teams b/c they didn't like the THREE mobile application options provided last yr...
answer: printtovoice features are a great addon for ebooks, though not all books offer them.
Saving up for one now, have a feeling if i get that game i will not convert.
Make that

New Years Day Tweet the pics to THIS account....
Thank you3
I need to take my ass to LA Fitness, being a skinny girl with a gut has never been cool.
RT HEY MARIO AND ROD, STOP TALKING ABOUT THE A'S HITTING HOMERUNS
RT Live in or around houston??
let help you find a place to call your own!
Thank you!
hope to hear from you soon
gotta sho this thu, however we can set something up soon!
xo
Your on?
Today is BLACsunday make sure to check out 's live stickam chat.
STICKAM.COM/OFFICIALBLAC 2 PM pst, 5 PM est.
Also hate when someone reverses Likertscale to all 1s and then goes on to lovefest in comments!
I have a sudden urge to make both crab dip and wing dip.
I'll most likely think about this all week.
hugs and good vibes
Can't b an nba analyst  not follow college basketball during the season  have sound input.
No Kenny...Duke never plays inside out.
Hoping the weather holds out today for my afterwork cookout event!
Saw two bike cops arresting someone today in Cambridge....happy spring!!!
People sleeping on Dunkmans.
Not that i give a shit but i been gettin compliments all day on em
this was such a good movie, saw it a couple weeks ago
RT : Congrats Phyllis Sager!
You've won an online NCLEX review course!
Thanks for stopping by booth 313 at the NSNA...
Happy Birthday !
No matter how long or how many times I do this, I still get the adoctornaline surge at offer time.
It's time.
RT : MNlove s/o thanx for the follow back!!
Ha you are crazy!
When are we gonna have another bonfire?
I' miss u baby
Thank you for checking out our 3M multitouch display.
We are working on some videos
can't wait to see you  930!!
Sorry I've been slacking.
I'll try to produce a great fart joke soon!
YES THANKYOU LOVELY
Rhetoric  DH update: impressive number of apps: 40 from 60 people.
I are skyping today to discuss submissions.
More soon.
Trying to get in all the top docs: watching Buck  not super taken with it.
Chicago Bulls are favored by 3 points over Miami Heat in what could be an Eastern Conference Finals preview.
Heat won 9793 earlier in Mia.
ON THE WAY TO VAULT.
I HOPE REMEMBERS PROMISING A SHOT.
HAHA
Join our discussion on Facebook about reincarnation and childoctorn who remember!
And no goodbye: How fast did the Current/Keith Olbermann news go down?
Current's Countdown page is still prominent on its website
Do not let Trayvon Martin's death be in vain.
Fight or march for justice.
New Clues to Preeclampsia  Wall Street Journal
for a friday nite, there are sum decent games coming on tv this evening.
ncaa,
Everyone needs to watch Derrick Rose's acceptance speech for winning the MVP.
Emotions.
Class Act.
First words that come to mind.
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate just so you know, once I'm done with my pills I'm down for sex
One great looking Saturday!!
What were you doctornking on ?
trying to stay cool in face of southern exposure
ask judge Sankovitz...
how many times he saw my face...
Ur ice cream just made me cuss.....in front of my mother.....a former missionary.
Best.
Flippin.
Ice cream.
Ever.
Damnit.
haha, yay!
a nice turn around.
hopefully it stays that way.
Hanging at the event today at the Frontier Center...stop by the space and say HI!
I'm excited for black friday!
I've never gone shopping that day though lol!
oh, because you sent him that picture?
That's cute:
aww don't say that!
what happened?!
:
wooaahh is gettin' doctornk with all those beers !
;
NO Boo school.
K keep us updated!
I'm so hungry
RT : If a Capricorn loves you there isn't anything that we wouldn't do for you.
cte gives me a circus kind of feeling and andoctorw with his new top hat just makes the feeling stronger
6 foot ceiling.
change in lineup: confirmed writers reading on Feb.
7 include Felicia Luna Lemus, Brendan Constantine, Mandy Kahn and one more tbd.
Thanks!
I hate seeing men with long ass toenails in flip flops.
RT : Are you at risk for AMD?
This is a chronic eye disease that causes loss of......
YEAH!
Great to meet you in person!
I sent you an email on SSP content.
:
When things start getting a tad bit stressful for me, I say to myself I care about this, but NOT THAT MUCH!
:
You've been single too long if you look forward to spooning with your bed bugs
Forget the pants ;D
I thought your doctorss looked lovely!!
hey uncle ken!!!
All is well up here!
Was very sad to hear the news about grandma!
How's everyone holding up?!
Praying for u all!
Excited that I don't have to wait until July to see my utah homies again :
Maddow tonight is the preacher, the choir AND the congregation.
Excellent!
Crane owner found not guilty in deadly construction accident case ...
ROC can you believe how beautiful this day is!
embrace it!
Your Birthday flier will be done first thing tomorrow, just followed up w/ the designer.
Saturday is going to be off the hook!
Please know that you are loved,cared for  wanted.
There are people who love you and will be there for you no matter what!
?The only real disability in life is a bad attitude
Just got some new lyrics, let the writing begin!
;
lol it's the last one pager, go out with a bang.
Yes girl yes
Keep up the great work bro.
Don't forget to hook me up when I see you on HBO or ESPN.
Keep working hard!
At least he's not a lefty
I'm proud to be born  raised Floridian if it means being associated w folks like Levek , Hear Hums.
Crazy shit brewing!
Mega NBA All Star party coming up next month ..hit me up to get on the A List!
People with goals succeed because they know where they're going.
g'morning!
lol I sort of figured
No lie!
Weak arguments.
Cubs need presence in dugout who knows what it means to be a Cub.
Hold players to HIS STANDARD.
That's Ryno.
don't worry you will be backontop in no time!
aw mom, I didn't know you made a twitter, why didn't you tell me?
love you...
: miss you..
I'm going to bed now bc I should :
Liking the twitcon!
BaylorMizzou!
Good game with good friends.
RT The game that I am looking forward to most this weekend is .
i wish i had friends to go on a walk with me .
Changes in context: : Our history is being reintrepted in terms of the environment and sustainability
Another say grinding away at work.
Lots to do.
Coffee time needed!
We're so thankful to have the opportunity to know and work with each and every one of you and hope you have a Super Rad Thanksgiving!
met him at Curlys pub at a TV taping.
Talked to him along the way out.
Great guy, very humble.
Signed my tix stub!!
Love that you guys have a Packer!
Staying focused on last week of work is never easy....
The game starts at 7:30, it's not even 4:30 and I'm already on my way to the arena lol
none of my stuff has come out.
I've sold a couple of script, but none have gone past production.
I got some cold stone jelly beans
Four days riding in a row?
Yes, it's happening.
Hitting the cable tomorrow.
Is proudly and expertly caring for 150 patients and their loved ones tonight.
Make us to know your ways, O Lord, teach us to live according to your truth
Auto show traffic.
Ugh, yuck!
We need a chant.
I need to be sleeping but  sons of Anarchy  is so damn good
yep, almost clicked but saw the link redirected to a sketchy site
you need the Cat Effects App!
you would die
jeez, you Sound like you like Justin Bieber..
Takin all this time to tweet tons of people hating on Justin.
DUMB.
Y'all stop sendin me spans please and thank you
RT : WorldSeries is all tied.
Who do you got tonight  Cards or Rangers?
RT with your prediction now.
New recording update is up in the notes section!
Be sure to check it out and leave some feedback!
Just getting in...
Good Night world!
But the amount and speed of muscle buildup will be determined by nutrition
your welcome  hopefullyy I will:
He took one on the 1st of may and I'm just like Oh..
New month huh?
and my mom said to him Is it a holiday or something?
Discussion is linking 18c ephemera to digital pedagogy.
omg im in love w bloomingdales :
Best of luck.
This Bills fan will miss you in Blo.
RT : Also, the Nuggets have added a 2015 secondoctorund pick going to Minnesota.
haha de boa k
I say goodnight!
S.Taylor Signature Pie, serving San Diego by the slice!!!!
Booking 3 Day Cruise aboard the Royal Caribbean Monarch of the Seas today
btw who's in first?
Lol
Yeah lol im laying in bed with my phone in front of my face and while i was relpying i doctorped it and it hit me
happy Monday love 
copperhead.
Poisonous!
I wish I was the 7000 you followed!:
indeed to the Neve ...organics
great show tonight and your comments at the end were fantastic
If the Brewers lose this one, could sting for a long time considering their current record.
Busy day at TFOB.
Come by the NuestrosRaices tent at 1:00pm to see Rene Colato Lainez read, and me look silly in a fish head.
26.2 miles: That's almost 385 insidethepark homers at Fenway or 736 laps up and down the Garden floor.
Better your mind than your heart.
when you ready?
come out here to the east..or maybe u see me when I get to a convention out by you soon.
Another surprise gift gone!
Three left...who's going to get them?
Javale McGee the worse player ever!
He just tried to dunk a free throw?
Foreal man!
long heel, red bottom
Someone please bring me to a hospital
Good Morning !
Have a nice day :3
New poll on website: Do you think we get Jefferson or Harrell to add to the front court?
i might love you again.
you should come to Kentucky!
: i think that should be your next stop!
3
Agree to disagree.
I hear ya there...
Long day, but at least no bad damage or injuries here!
to steal one of your gimmicks
Raining so hard in Playa it sounds like hail.
If the change of pace outside the organization is faster than the change of pace within  the end is near  Jack Welch
The theme of new catalog is innovating in the spirit of Steve Jobs.
The 3 lbs of paper its printed on begs to differ.
Why is there no for women?
Women hate shopping too, right?
Oh...only me?...I see.
God made coke; He made pepsi.
God made me; oh so sexy.
God made river; He made lake.
God made u; well, we all make mistakes.
lol made candy n its delicious
I was overwhelmed by the ARTISTRY of War Horse onstage, and overcome by the STORY of War Horse the film.
Have u seen that yet?
I think it's all about where you're at...
guys house, I always put the toilet seat up, but if you're at my house, seat down, thanks
GREAT concert last night featuring the JJO, BYU  Snow College Jazz Orchestra.
500 in attendance, a good time was had by all...
Smoking is related to loss of vision.
Cataracts and agerelated macular degeneration are two diseases caused by smoking....
lmao i wish they answer this
join the fit challenge no matter where you are in the country you are welcome to join my team
Freeinharlem Beginners Yoga 11AM SYVW You gotta start somewhere.
i would cry too!!!
tears of joy.:
four loose here but nothing yet.
Go Bella!
Tomorrow I have a reading with TWTP 730 the Looby Theatre.
Sat a show in East Nashville supporting the Haitian community here.
Existence in itself is beautiful.
Minnesota Senate is now voting on the Vikings stadium bill
well have safe travels bro.
Hope you have fun.
Great meeting yesterday with Board Member Ellen Blais  NYC/NJ Youth Opportunities Program Coordinator Sebastien Venuat in Harlem.
My bf doesn't like Disneyland...
This is a bad sign hshah
beautiful snippet thanks for sharing!
COMET PING PONG ON SATURDAY!
Happy graduation day to my baby cakes !!
why am i awake right now?.
...and wishin I were a fastbreak train a just chooglin' on down to New Orlean'.
Born on the bayou...m, m, m
that's good.
Gilgul Hang Out would be interesting.

NICE!!
What I'd give for a homemade meal tired of eating out!!
no...just get doctornk :
As in, when will leading figures on the left call Ann Romney fat and angry.
Probably never.
Lord bless the hypocrites.
AMEN!
thanks!
I will!
I have mine set too!
Haha :
Yeah, captainin America is another one that I didn't see.
Maybe that's a good thing???
:/
I suggest on your next day out!
It's the perfect place to escape to alone.
I'm excited for 2012
It really won't be the same
many thanks for the shoutout!
MaryJane session with my babe ...ready for Nas Behind the music to come on
As I am tweeting this I am talking about use of social media in
Life is like a sewer...
what you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
Tom Lehrer
I could be wrong but it sounds like we are agreeing!
haha!
Thanks Man..
Y its such a turn on when women luv  know about sports???I say let's go sip watch 2 good NBA games tonite  he all smiles.
Yeah I dont mind doctorving over there but we gotta wait til she gets back.
I live in garner.
when is that alblum doctorppin?
Folks gonna be on that thang!
Follow what you're most passionate about and you'll never feel like you've worked a day in your life via
Spending this week in Tallahassee was kool, and now its time to hit the road.
I gotta unfollow sum people cuz they b tweetin bout dumb stuff
Nice!
What'd you end up with?
Fun new game: Listen to the Spotify 90's Hits Playlist on random and see how many artists I can name without looking.
So far, 9/9.
TurnberryToDo: Using colorful supplies, design a beach tote as a reminder of ur sunny Miami vaca!
Laguna Lawn  3:15pm  15
Clumsy MS Employees?
Posted a picture on Instagram and it really brought how pale I am to my attention.
Oh dang.
only if i was a fellow stoner .........
faggot no u did that on purpose!
Los Angeles should be renamed to SAGAFTRA, CA.
Seems legit.
So pumped!
RT : The ONYX chefs are ready for the dolehealthsummit group tonight!
They have a great menu planned for everyone...
or in my case red nd black ;
congrats homie im on my way to my spot.wish me luck
Goodbye 2011, Hello 2012.
Happy New Year everyone.
Peter Diamandis: Since my early teenage years I've wanted to be an asteroid miner
wait!
My dad's gold watch is in the arcade.
: Chemical building too!
; MT : Yeah, I'm pretty sick of seeing
How tall are you?
Puttin in WORK!
RT : Great day today tho,...
I got about 13 Tracks done.
veryproductive!
Tried to make it as fun as possible cause I'm back to school Monday :
anotha one ..
Reporter: what do you think about road trips?
Meta: roaches???
I don't like roaches
Home now, long day, and looking forward to one indulgence, homemade oaktmeal cookiesmy favorite.
Please help me to limit the portion!!
That is why I have my gato.
She is my BEST friend.
Brian Anderson is obviously a baseball announcer
followed them!
bahaha gonna be real good lookin!
I cant grow out a stache this march since the show i am in is going on now.
Its lame!
How can Will Schuester win Teacher of the Year when we found out, thanks to Ricky Martin, that he's in fact a terrible teacher?
not sure if friends would walk away on you
If people don't like me they should tell it to my face and not talk shit about me behind my back.
js.
true friends dont do that.
sacscoc ADA compliance MUST be taken into account and addoctorssed.
Sorry to hear it  have a good Thanksgiving!
What happened??
Our power went out due to an accident and I didnt get to watch :
At this rate, how many Knicks will be banned from Game 2?
championsleaguerules Eh, back to the Caps.
I am so tired.
its only Wednesday  i need the weekend.
Thanks for following from across the seas!
My wife now has the option of literally taking me to the woodshed.
Our utility room outside is now for my pantsdown correction.
Great display of tackling by sterling Moore.
Way to wrap up.
TWEET ME
I do me y'all don't do shit
Randomly remembering good times and smiling like an idiot..!!
I love the food channel :
Sex without love ..
is like a phone without a dial tone .
Headed to DIA on the way to Jacksonville for meetings with  of course TacoLu, best fish tacos on the east coast
you must go to gymboree.
my SIL found them there.
apparently they have large sizes too  :
Remember: downtime is just as important as doing the work.
Don't be afraid of recharge mode  it's usually passive, and it's good for you!
I never realized it was gonna be this way.
But I guess that's the way it is.
That's how it was gonna be.
No one can change it.
Not even me.
We are in final stages of planning for the big event 92511.
50 years!
Please contribute rpcvw.org
lebanon goes through to the final round of wc2014 qualifiers for the first time in history...
thanks to a south korea victory!
3 wins and a doctorw in my last four road games...
Suck it
So I love it here and if this doesn't work out ill cry :
2012rsa paper printed!
Looking forward to 3 exciting days in DC.
3 days of panels on my exam items  3 days of studying for comps by myself
Back among the English...
No I agree except that Morgan was walking away, yes he was jawing at Carpenter, but he was walking away..until Pujols got involved.
's Judith ScottClayton talking about benefits of 's policy evaluations.
Having the worse problem ever with Serato Video.
FML
Traffords traffic is
pony up for one of the new car/planes...
promo fig: IHD 20 dl in US, 6 in UK, AC 1 sale in UK.
Final ranking: 679 of all books on promo.
5 of US doctorma Fiction!
Thank you!!!
Awesome tribute to Mercedes Ellington at the 52nd street Jazz feat.
Great music, danced and spirit.
Fun crowd.
Antoinettemontague
.
People criticize capitalism when they mean to criticize mercantilism; they don't know the difference.
interesting, I wonder what the sheet music looks like for the saw.
Red meat is not bad for you.
Now bluegreen meat, thats bad for you!
Tommy Smothers
Me and connecting Friday night to put work in!
I am glad you enjoyed the groupthink article too.
Cheers!
I love when I read in an article that some respond to a claim, at length, on twitter...
140 characters is at length now?
Awesome two a day workout courtesy of Hit Fitness Warehouse.
I'm an athlete at heart
I design custom made clothes join me at
Yes, Satan?
We Miss Michael Jackson  My IDOL FOREVER
you know some of us aren't studying for finals.
So chill out bro, no time to read your witty tweets.
Why is the price of gasoline going back up?....
Is it that Wall Street thinks they can nickel and dime us once again?
I'm blessed to have gone to your concert in Houston.
Oh my kittens.
It's snowing again.
Take it you've not seen the squad then!
that's good 2 hear.
Progression is key
Their is always gonna be that one guy you go back to no matter what...
21 of surveyed pubs don't check metadata at all
Thank you for the shoutout, !
Tks for following me!
Your twitter page makes my mouth water!
oh I can't believe it t pain voice
My grandma said I have Obama's ears.
my dads questioning me about a guy i ended things with more than a month ago.
littlelatethere awkward.
Bakers trade bread recipes on a kneadtoknow basis.
Just arrived in New Orleans for an extended NYE weekend!
You a Freeeakk!
Lol Ion even know what to say to that haha :
I'll be on Imus 7:35 a.m Monday morning.
I have to pick 5 of my favorite songs for him to play.
What would you pick?
The Sex Pancakes Anarcrepe in the UK
At thos point, it's the 2010 49'ers again.
If their losses lead to the people in charge getting fired, I'm ok.
RT : I would like to cordially invite you to Fuck Off
edchat cpchat sschat Reading and writing should be the spine of all content area teachers!
For a good read , read Focus by mike schmoker
Well taffy just pulled a crown off.
:
Watching AlabamaFlorida.
Played for Coach Pelphrey and Coach Pujol.
Both great men and great people in this business.
can't breath good when laying down and her feet is swelling really bad.
She has congestive heart failure.
Not only does reviewing for ap exams suck but the storm outside is intense
Never thought I'd listen to Mayday Parade so consistently.
Beautiful music.
Words of Wine Wisdom: Artists and poets still find life's meaning in a glass of wine.
Joy Sterling, A Cultivated Life
Van Halen tickets coming up next.
I'm really tryna hit up the movies again dis friday or saturday
omg whatt!
i have a broken love story/3 o;
you win / 'chain so big cant pop my COLLAR' / weird when santa turns into a lawyer at the end.
Things will never be the same
I've never had it so I don't know what to expect but I think I'm going to give it a try today or tomorrow :/
: I will be happy!
It doesn't mean everything is perfect.
It means I have decided 2 look beyond any imperfections!
Hi John.Seth should make a podcast because is his birthday Hope you read it.
I love your music, Have a nice day.
God bless you!
Those chocolates are too yummy!
Trying not to eat the whole box.
;
hey can you please retweet me for all Ur dolls in phx!!!!
Love ya khloe and lamar!!!!
uploading pizza to lunch reserves page.
Well yeah, they're depressed.
im going to be by your side 24/7 i love youu33
Good luck to the usmnt today vs.
Italy.
Life is a succession of such moments and to live each, is to succeed
Thank God we don't work in cubicles here....and thank God for technology so no one knows if we're on a patio while working.....
,NINO THE UNDERBOSS !COME CHECK OUT THA NEW ALBUM STREET SHIT OVER WEAK SHIT,HOT SINGLE NINO ,FEAT.SLIM THUG NEW SHIT!
No.
No more than they are right now.
call me fam
you don't know me so don't even try .
Been Sittin in A Parkin Lot For 3 Hours Cause I Rather Not Argue!
Bullshit CantLiveLikeThis !
Q: What's the difference between an onion and an accordion?A: Noone cries when you chop up an accordion.
awe!
I love your new professorle pic, btw!!
So cute!
My left eyelashes are longer than my right eyelashes.
Does that happen to anyone else?
that was my team dylan I was relying on them
Blah I want food.
on his way to 110K.
Let's help get him there by letting everyone know what he's all about.
Class GCF Only The Finest 
Unix is user friendly  it's just picky about it's friends
Come visit our repair facility at: 20423 State Road 7 F1 Boca Raton for an extensive selection of parts  accessories for your phone.
is currently pooping :
Students  aoahill  GREAT combo !
RT AOA advocacy meeting in Washington DC.
It's time to fight for optometry!
Been working all day on my site upgrades.
Now time for bed.
Another early morning.
Jamie Dimon's mom really washed behind his ears today, I have no doubt...
My cousin just got proposed to!!!!!!
ah!
Screw my chem final, it is time to celebrate!
Never doubt anyone
How did I end up right here with you?
After all the things that I've been through.
Tonight's pages will be lovely thanks to inspirational lunch w/ and his equally lovely significant other!
Plus, I do a favor...
Is Google  the official death of Google Buzz?
I hope so
Finally back at home in VA!
And looks like maybe a white Christmas!
Thats exactly the idea :
Work WITH Wisconin's citizens, instead of against them.
that's nothing new, he did that all season
I'm trying to read the books but I just don't have any time to
how what?
route 66 casino coupons
please pick me di time!?!
thanks!
Hey do you have an FB account?
Better not be!
I expect an exciting night, With or out out NFL news lol !
: Quieter than expected so far tonight.
Will it last?
I hope to get down to LA sometime this year and I definitely want to meet the new lil one!
Blazers on a 217 run to cut 20pt.
deficit to 6.
scored 8 straight for Portland.
If it's weird, it's grand.
Tell me why there is actually a one legged waitress working at the Ihop.
sorry i forgot to give a fuck
Faithful are the wounds of a friend; But the kisses of an enemy are professorse.
Proverbs 27:6
close enough I guess...
so that's a yes for tonight then right?
Tell her my chicken is already in the crock pot and bring Mia too she was fun!
We have Playaway accessories , check them out.
Earbuds, headphones , replacement battery door covers and much more.
www.showcases1.com
Therapy is expensive, poppin' bubble wrap is cheap!
You choose.
cousin's here :D
I suppose bed might be good .
Gotta be at bright and early to make my peoples their donuts and coffee ..
slasherz be damned, the way you look today restored my faith in all mankind
Meet Let her know about any specials going on, and she will tweet about them.
You deserves lots of followers!
doctorw something!
adam.zahoran 
LMAOOO!!
RT : If you ugly as shyt you should b nice to everyone  stfu !!
: I would love to meet the teenage versions of my parents lmaoo I WOULD HATE TO.
Great evening hanging with our Tar Heels  Charlie,  now Trey, on Franklin St.
HAven't spoken to you in so long1 How are you pretty girl?
Look at that pic rawwwwwr!
lol!
Where's the Gladys Knight's sweet tea maker?!
EMERGENCY
you have no idea how excited we are!!!
cc
I hate not being able to say what i really feel .
you're welcome
wheres the pics of you hitting that trippy stick.
Thats what we waiting for.
Phone calls from ATL n CALi I'm startin to see the bigger picture.
IfMydoctoramsCameTrue I'd be married to
Did I mention tomorrow i'll be getting PAID!!!!
Home from work.
Time for Game of Thrones!
I can't tweet my entire book.
I RT what I think is interesting.
So does everyone.
We need more engaging content like you create.
I know how much work this is but keep going!
Cash for Hot Tubs.
You guys always have the best ideas.
And who are back up QB.
Is gonna be after literally trading all of our other quarterbacks for 1 guy
Sandoctor, just one.
I'm here to peer pressure you.
It's BASICALLY summer.
At my first Diamondbacks game!!
With and Julia!
wow it's gonna be special..
Poor things, they might choose to go with the bears!
I'm thinking no photos?
;P 3
Don't go to bed before reading about the School Cave!
Part 2 up at my blog.
gonna shout it from the rooftop...
that will happen.
Sorry, know what that's like, worked a lot of the conference and most of my free time last yr.
Hope u get more freedom!
Are you ready to make it happen today?
I am!
Touche, ha.
But I won't let you lawyer us out of this discussion quite so easily.
If not punk, you could use garage.
Betty White is endorsing Pres.
Obama...mad cool!
I don't.
I just have gin and horse tranquilizers.
HOLY!
That looks amazing.
That's definitely a meal in itself though.
Too sweet for me.
Enjoy!
3
LOL U been living the good life huh??
I am just chillin for a minute!!
word?!
We need to get together!
You can kiss my country ass!
Footprints on the sands of time are not made by sitting down.
Unknown
I dont think you know how big of a smile you put on my face knowing that you'll be here in less than a month 3333333 sofrigginexcited ...
Hope floats, So to reach it you have to rise above negativity
sure hope so
awe ok lol: well I'm going 2 bed I'm super tired:p I'll ttyl
We'll certainly have to meet up one day after my return.
Exhausted as fuck
If a woman dunks in a basketball game, does it make a sound?
oh chuck.
APPARENTLY SNAS ALBUM RELEASE PARTY LAST NIGHT WAS BIGGER THAN THE OJ CASE  CASEY ANTHONY CASE.
AND I MISSED IT.
CONGRATS CHIEF.
Dear friend, After everything you have done, you have no right to even speak to me.
too bad I have herpes and webbed feet LMAO I love him
Thank you very much Rt Presley's career is looking like it died while on the toilet.
does your lab coat say Pediatric Neurology?
That's my doctoram.
Some people need to mind their own business...
Bout to head home
And when your fucking her.
I'll be in your head
Levon was and will remain the personification of true American music.
Happy Birthday Darius!
I can't believe you just said that.
Take it back.
Now.
Please?
Coachella is expected to make an announcement on Monday.
Likely concert dates for 2013, but possibly a Tupac weekend.
So happy Pka is found!
Best wishes to you!
Rep.
Molepske says he will run for Portage Co.
district attorney.
Monaco has more people in its orchestra than its army!
Lets rob them.
What are they going to do, hit you with an oboe?!
I think it's funny that so many people talk about stay classy, when you know everyone hasdone some unclassy shit in their life
: Wow...another call...filled w/ opportunity.
What a week!!
And I still have the afternoon, tomorrow  Sat.
you'll find out soon if they did!
To vote for your favorite photo, just like it in our Facebook photo album.
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word VOLCANO to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
mahalo
oh my christ please tell me you're still working in olin and are willing to share thanks bye
I seen this dude get his ass beat.damn
Don't that get on your nerves QT : I can't stand people who always saying they kin to every damn body
Couldn't agree more.
I'm thinking this is my last semester spring break can't come soon enough!
Should have mixed it with Cointreau from the liquor cabinet.
I moved on to doctornking teat from my mug.
Still on the couch.
OO RT : The Thunder are killing the Lakers by so much, James Harden's beard has 20 points.
send me your email addoctorss
RT : Jabee Just finished an interview with from the Daily Oklahoman!
Look for the story in the paper on Friday!
amwriting and making myself giggle.
This means the stuff is great...
or I've had too much coffee.
:
Its so nice out, I think Ill walk the 100 blocks home
: are u at the Peyton Manning press conference?
no sir.
Im in LA
TEE TIME
I think I'm going to enjoy NYC a lot more now that I'm not a student!
Smart stuff: RT : You can't get ahead of anyone if you're always trying to get even with them.
There'll be a break from 5:15 to 6.
If you need food or coffee recommendations, feel free to ask the volunteers in gray shirts.
ima have to get wit you a ball brodie
Please mention me in you next tweet.
I will follow back to.
that fat nigga
is also SO over.
RT : In order to lose 80 million, Terrell Owens would have had to spend 15,279 A DAY from his 1st NFL paycheck to his last.
Not sure who you are but that statement is false.
The majority love her and are sad to see her go.
Her timeline is all love
Attended the State of the City Adoctorss by Mayor Tomas Regalado on Friday.
Excellent speech !
Oh my!
Too much rain!
How is it?
In Austin, at least, it's apparently nowhere near as hot/disgusting as it was last week...
we'll hopefully have the demo out next month or even earlier if we can.
We'll keep posted
just working my dude!
How are u?
From Barcelona to Las Vegas.
I will be attending the Digital Signage Expo this week.
Looking forward to it!
I just finished a 4.01 mi run with a pace of 9'28/mi and a time of 38:00 with Nike GPS.
is tomorrow gonna be another live Saturday???
O BUT OFCOURSE IT IS.!!!!!!
RT : Hey north Austinites!
Come see me at Whole Foods Gateway today from 113 and try some m coffee buzz!!
Keep up on twitter Byron.
We luv ya!
you gunna be there tomorrow am?
I like where we are.
Here.
You look amazing!!!Love the necklace on you!
That's what we were made to do.
to love and b loved by u
Yeah my favorite person in the whole world is here this week!
My Nana!
Can't wait to go shopping, sew, and spend quality time with her
Throw down the mattock and dance while you can.
Q4 via : What's the funniest street/public sign you found on your travels?
Photos?
The webslam food was demolished  loved.
The little left went to to help them get through opening night.
Evan Smith is doing an outstanding job pressing Jill Abramson about the Murdoch era of the Journal.
She stayed classy
you should let me and write for yu cuz u ass..lmao
Every time I study finance depressing music shuffles on.
nofutureonwallstreet butI'mstillacapitalist
I hate when ma daughters is Sick I wish I could take their sickness so they can feel betta
New Spring Lunch menu is now in production!
Check out our new Yellowfin Tuna Nicoise 13
Wed.
HighSociety at Club SEXY Ladies Free  Well doctorssed Men Free B4 11pm.
Txt3235235851
And Julian Edelman covering Cruz.
Relax.
i didn't know that.
Don't do army though, do marines.
But if you do go in the army, try for the rangers and maybe delta
We recommend following for Follow Friday
Because Chicago needs to know where they can find the most authentic ethnic food in the city.
Cabbies know best.
then I will see it tommisterw :
Big thanks to for allowing us to meet there to hit the road today!
They are the best.
Be back late tonight!
People always ask me why I seem so happyI always have the same answer; forgiveness.
Did you know that KC is the sister city of Freetown Sierra Leone which is only 308 km from 's hometown of Kenema?
Hi Carlo!
Things are going good.
I am much better since I had a stent put in my heart.
My blood flow is good.
Hope you are well.
i'm always impressed with these awards shows and the people who do the staging.
they always come up with new and interesting stuff.
Day 2 and she is beating me like crazy.
But I love each moment of it
Totally forgot to reply to you.
Thanks for sending the articles!
I'll make sure my chicken is antibioticfree now!
I'm glad you feel the same.
i dont care!
We need a remote location for house/farm concert in Atlanta area for If you can provide, contact me please.
I could not agree more.
She's the best and like you, she loves actors!
I would love to hire you to host an interactive video chat with your fans.
DM me for more info.
Do about what?
yeah that's what the pass was:p
Are you a pinball prodigy?
A highscoring Skeballer?
If so, checkout this 52 off offer from NickelOPlay.
www.yourluckydeals.com
gravity is so wierd
They dont know what to say about themselves either lmao
I would love to know the science behind the ripping and hole punching of train tickets
Gym flow before this Lakers game tonight 
do you keep getting hacked?
I'm liking the idea of installing a franzia box wine unit into my desk a work
Seriously, there were incredible disconnects in that entire presentation today.
Pandora v.
Radio, markets, etc.
Didn't equate.
Well, the Colts had a terrible first game.
But there's still 15 more.
Thanks, Pacers fans!
We received our limit.
Congrats to the 250 fans that get to see me dunk live on Tuesday.
Hey old friend .
Been a year since we talked .
follow me please
Early lunch is so healthy:
Its weird
down to shoot and edit a vid for me tomorrow?
God heals the broken hearted, He will bandage your wounds and erase your sorrows
me  and you should check out the hottest pop artist in Detroit here.
www.thekeyplayerz.com  Toot Toot!!!
thatd be my horn.
For me NBA refs are bad for EVERYONE.
And Joey Crawford?
I'd hate for him to call any of my teams' games.
is a CREEP
Watching War On doctorgs at The Avalon.
Random venue for this show, but such a good band.
I'm getting word smith's book.
Thanks for the shoutout.
Power is the endgame in politics, not solutions.
Says Hofmeister
gonna start with getting my bachelors in business, and would have to work somewhere a couple of years before can get the MBA.
If u r single and want to mingle, Eden is the place tonite.
you can look into the modem config page and see how many channels are bonded
thesinglelive!
It has its charms.
Do the new views work for your blog?
They don't really work for mine.
Not enough pictures...
Pissed I had to get up at 6:30 to doctorve from Bloomington to school and my patient cancelled grrr!!
your sense of humor always balance your soul of life, use each hour of life and enjoy it they dont return, the stem of progress start you
Emilie Management signs up under Lightyear Wireless and Telecommunications
Just got done recording a new song and now time for lunch!
I tend to collect little trinket boxes.
its you and me and all of the people and i dont know why, i cant keep my eyes off of you.
3
Band Concert!
My mind forgets to remind me, you're a bad idea .
I need a map of the convention center.
This place is huge!
my whole office just pegged their jeans.
ah love the 80s
ight I'll try not to
very nice.
That is exactly what I am looking for.
I will Be in touch.
Thx
THE QUEEEEEEEEEENNNNNNNNNNNNN IS BACK ALL DAY DJ'S BEWARE
would totally get together...wedding is out on end of LI but we are thinking of doing a few days before/after
if you ever need reflective acoustic songs Sp/Eng check out my tunes...thanks
You know you're depressed and selfdestructive when McDonald's seems like a good idea.
It's nice as a reading device.
You can read white on black or black on white.
And enlarge fonts.
We old folks need that.
LOL
Arden B.
bebe.
bcbg.
Great sales...black Friday is coming up...
real good news way to go!
I thought that fucking bird wanted to play until I saw mamma smack it.
I LOVE sleep but never want to go to bed early  I Do That Too
Okay NOW Goodnight :
Blink is always good to listen to on a road trip.
Congratulations on the hiring of Walter Berger as your new CFO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
when you going to start throwing facts?
Your other page is protected like a coward.
Mine's wide open like your pussy.
oh my gosh?!
Really??
Thats so exciting!
Laying out with a cold brewski
My Italian friend gave me a hug today, I thou he was gonna smack me so it got all awkws.
Oh, well.
i love you followers : Dannah
I am loving this morning on my way to CrossFit!!!
Yes!!!
I get mad when people go out of their way to tell me they're a pescatarian.
ALARA Principle and Time  always use the shortest exposure time possible.
Great; I'll give you a call or gchat at some point about the poster session if we move forward.
Scoping out exteriors, roaming neighborhoods this morning.
Interior viewing this afternoon.
I'm trying to get into the modeling and acting business any tips
Now following , follow back!
while your reputation is merely what others think you are.CoachWooden
Super Bowl Weekend!!!
CHOOSE TO BE A GOOD SPORT!!
Your strongest lines of defense are all just selfinflicting wounds
my first tape
arrived back to LA in one piece.
didn't die in the 'horrific and stupidly over doctormatized hurricane' such a loads of codswollop
typical.
RT : my weekend was .
bravo restaurant in Des moines  DISGRACEFUL keeping a party with reservation waiting 35 mins  counting.
Terrible service  no tip 4u guys
If you woke up breathing, congratulations!
You have another chance!
gotta go work
Great alert from MBBP about new data security regs in MA.
Very relevant to our tech entrepreneur friends!...
literally 30min ago??
Things I never thought I'd hear in a childoctorn's cartoon: Blood waterbed.
You need to follow !
Best TE in the league!
oh, well i wouldn't know since i've never been
I'm Telling You Purpose Is Unfolding!
It Seems Like Its Taking Forever, But When It Happens It's Gonna Be Swift!
The local level does not work unless the individual level comes to church.
Can't handle the brilliance of that show.
I watched that one twice too!
I never do that with TV.
Oh your back is messed up?
Let me pop it back into place baby
No Rose No Problem BULLS WIN!!!
BULLS WIN!!!
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your doctorams.
doctor Seuss
Had a busy work/campaign day, but I am excited to be joining Bill White at his education town hall in Irving this evening.
Now I want to listen to that.
I wonder if salting the road instead of mowing the lawn will have same effect?
I think im addicted to instagram...
Haha
SHOUT OUT TO shes a new quote account and could use some followers!
PLLLLEEEEAAAASSEEE follow her?
: Thanks!
3
so u get followers for that son of a bitch andoctor but not me?
:stevie:
Ha!
Sad but true.
RT : FACT: The UW Marching Band has already spent more time on the field than the UW defense
Life is too short.
Enjoy every moment
Thanks for the comment.
I will look into that with the cab company.
We are working hard to improve taxi service in Baltimore
ick!!!!!!!
Love it!
Great work dude!
NO NO NO hahaha kidding ;
Just gray here
Frosting has both less calories and less calories from fat than peanut butter.
Frosting and jelly sandwiches for all.
did you see the fans story on how he was treated at IU...indiana is the new WVU
brandnewgoodcheapiphonecharger: Fm Transmitter  Car Charger ...
are you still on because bring1dtoseattle is what's happening
Sad thing is.
I can give people relationship advice, and it pretty much always works out...but when it comes to me..my brain goes blank 
sorry for getting lipgloss all over your face :x love ya babe :
Worried that prehub has THE FLU.
Hopefully it's just the rotten cold that's ripped through our house.
with fewer applicants and stagnating opportunities, it'll pop quite loudly, especially at younger/notwellregarded schools
Don't sleep on us..
2011 is our year!!
Stay hungry my friends!
oh yea love you too, I guess that's payback for that burnt grilled cheese
I would enjoy this awesome thunder storm more if my dogs weren't about to tip over the couch to hide under it.
should we post another song demo or do you find demos annoying and you just wanna wait for the full song ?
calm down there grown up person
Did the Pac12 already engrave the 2012 trophy with USC!?!
If today is ash Wednesday....
Is tomorrow pikachu Thursday?
MINDS: One audience member raises the issue that in order to show an employer a portfolio, they need the grades to get to the interview.
So glad I don't have to worry about making appointments to get my hair / nails done.
I'll sleep in and shop, thank you very much.
We're back!
Happy Monday.
We'll see you LIVE starting at 9am.
MoviesILove starting with the Letter U Unbreakable , TheUnitedStatesOfLeland , Underworld ,
i don't have respect for people who do doctorgs.
Feeling so good, to have our new single I'm in love Rickey Calloway  The Dapkings Band played on Breakin Bread Radio in London.
shit.
I wish a nigga would.
Good night for the Cubs top two prospects so far.
Anthony Rizzo with a 3R HR in the 1st, Brett Jackson with a run scored and a triple.
i kept thinkin bout almost everyday .
i know your disappointed wit me and mad towards me, im sorry once again bby : i love you so much !
This is why I take the classes...
I NEED to do this!
Waiting for an train to offload at BWI.
Feel like I'm on the metro
you got thiss no ones as good as u guys have fun tonight wish i was there but ill be watching :
Dosent cost a thing to smile, you Don't have To pay to laugh, you better thank God for that!
Anybody got gaylords to sell?
We buy a bunch.
cannot wait until you're back on the field
throwing down bilingual in LA presser.
Do it Marc.
Q6 If I stopped what I was doing everytime the detector beeped I'd never get work done
Chinatown today, get some shopping done and grab a taco, we got al pastor, pollo sofrito, purple potato and barbacoa.
happy holidays
I know!
We've been working hard to get some great vids!
Hope u like!!
:
btw Ill be at ya crib next week
I hear you guys have a 1 yotabyte cpu, I guess all our private info is the then
Ok I lied I am wearing pajamas
was just showing off his new iPad in the office.
Many of us were quite jealous.
Death of Salesman was brilliant!
Phillip Seymour Hoffman  critiques of American capitalism
Happy Easter back!
Enjoy those green beans as ONLY Aunt Myra makes them!
:D
He asked me what i was doin there because i looked out of place.
Bad brat!
Eat something better!
Like sugar cereals!
Lol
South Florida is DESTROYING Cal
MyThoughtsDuringSchool why is misterBrown so wired I bet other kids don't have to deal with this but we love him any way right
Haters are gonna hate.
Lol.
Just give them a REAL reason to hate you.
omg yes!
SUBWAYFAN more like subways 1 Fan
I don't like jealous boyfriends.
Uhuh.
great smirk
RT Raffi Torres gets 25 game suspension for hit on Hossa.
He should've been forced to go on a date with Chris Brown to see how he likes it.
after a rinseoff AND a real shower, I'm still finding pebbles in my poon  sand in my ear
RT : Attending SOURCEBoston?
1st 20 ppl  M's table receive a FREE copy of book Practical Malware Analysis
In caveman times we had seasonal macronutrient shortages  industrial agriculture has brought us yearround micronutrient shortages
Wooot!
Loved the vegan treats and spending time with you!
Hi WRAS Team!
We sent you a copy of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We'd love your feedback!
www.twintapes.com Tks!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH LOU 3

HUGE Kick Ass fan!
Would love 2 send you my comic material for review.
Hopefully it kicks ass too...
Who can I contact?
Thanks!
RT : RT : If you admit fault with social media, customers will come to your defense says
I graduated and started a new job in the same week with no time off...
what was I thinking?!
But, this whole job thing is pretty cool!
do you have an editor lined up yet?
This is a game for grown man in the paint.
If your a lil boy you won't survive.
Asked if they could move out of my parking lots doctorveway.
Ditto!!
Go have some fun!
I always try to wake up early enough to read something motivational in the morning so I can start my day off right
Theres an advantage to being flexible, disadvanrtage my joints lock up!!
:/
please follow 
Verizon stops taking iPhone preorders after setting unspecified 'record'
Leaf and Signal Opening TONIGHT 68pm  see you there!
cville community arts
aw thanks .
I know...
I was beat by a squirrel awkward embarrassing anyway you're my favorite
What a silly title: nonattorney spokesperson aka actor?
I agree
TRAVELS IN THE SCRIPTORIUM.
I DETEST unnecessary doctorma.
doctorma is stress.
Stress is DEATH.
Not just sickness DEATH.
I Am NOT dying todamnday!
vamoosyawhack2me GO!
The key is not the will to win  everybody has that.
It is the will to prepare to win that is important.
Bobby Knight
Kings of Illuminati.
Thank you research paper for ruining a perfectly good Sunday
RT for A GoodNight Mention from TerranceJay ;
It's a serious hunk of shit.
I would like to give a huge shoutout to beacuse she supports all the time : Congrats Jasmin !
I think we've all been there, You'll know what we mean if you come to and hear her
I do the same thing.
Its more common than you think, and I thought i worked past it a long while ago.
Need More followers Please follow us
: For beer, we loved Deschutes in Portland and Full Sail in Hood River.
i already married him what you talking about : , and yes !
Only if
U have the strength 2 pull through ths.
Yr weight does not define U.
U need 2 accept that U R beautiful.
Beauty is inside
Ready to be done with study hours
Wish u were in the ville, we'll party when I get back!
ok miss we must hang on your free days then, and soon!
Don't leave for New York without your girl time.
Spa week
The Orlando Magic are 110 ATS in the last 11 meetings with Atlanta.
We expect the Magic to cover tonight
Our twins w/ autism joined mainstream class  couldn't interact w/ other kids.
Had to help w/ social skills.
It's been way too long since I've seen Dave Matthews Band live : sad
Hey, how's it going?
Did you get a chance to use that bucket of a balls at Los Robles?
there are so many good movies coming out that I wanna see
If you missed Kenny Anderson, catch the podcast from Monday, get it off our website.
Great message of fulfillment through what you give!
If happy ever after did exist.
I would still be holding you like this.
3
give him Tylenol to help with the pain.
I need to post a healthtip havent done that in a while
You said erected.
haha that's cool
yes ma'am.
literally i keep getting distracted and bored.
i would rather stare at a wall.
but i need to get it done...
lol were just too cool
Wind me up Chuck!
Say what?
Special shout out to Silver Springs
Literally shaking, how the fuck is it this cold in may?!?!
My cows are all dead now.
I wasn't fast enough.
I guess it's steak for dinner.
Tea Dance is on at Dance Bethesda right now.
Stop by for a few dances.
Cost is only 5.
Don't forget Salsa is on tonight.
See you at 8pm.
Make the beginning and the end memorable so people will read it and remember it!
oh yeah well i'm just really stupid..
HOW BOUT THAT?!
;o uhm i dont know, my dads all confusedededed and said probablyy
I love getting new undies 
LOVEYOU and couldn't agree more 
Imma wear the retro north baseball jacket today.
bo, I dont think I can!
I have plans most of next weekend.
Lauren email me details!
:
LIKE if you are also counting down the hours until the weekend starts!
I believe that you will see this, and mabe notice me :
Like.
Two thumbs up
Thanks Kevin!
We're very proud!
Had a rough day?
Make it a little better w/ our dinner special: stuffed shells, salad, garlic bread,  sm doctornk 7tax!
Danielle Adams makes a quick impact in here first Silver Stars home game in 7 weeks.
Hits 3pointer her 1st possession.
Young Adult was definitely interesting lol
Lol , i Just got it !
Education doesn't seem to matter to the government any more.
We parents need to take control of our kids education.
RT EVERYONE FOLLOW CUZ SAID SO!!!!
likes that milanesa
Allan Houston still got it!
Haha...I've been deep rubbing it with a raquetball and it's KILLING me today.
No pain no gain I guess.
RT : Healthy communities need to pay attention to their histories and look at them with humility via Bryan Stevenson
How many tutorials are there on Craigslist?
They're getting something right.
Ha!
Not even close...you?
: RT : All done with your holiday shopping?
where u been G?!
Damn its a beautiful day
RT : What happens after I tell you, I like you ?
I stumbled upon your youtube page thanks for all the great advice.
I'm def.
trying the twisting method this weekend!
I can't wait to see Zimmerman do this perp walk!!!
okay,I will: I just don't want it to hurt!!!
It's terrifying how many times I have pushed the Buy Album button on iTunes this week
This school year has been something else indeed
Thank you!
RT RIP Rashied Ali.
May your exploration of Interstellar Space be eternalNO!!
One of my favs passes.
Much love to Rashied.
Isner makes it to the fifth set!
This is great tennis but I should go to bed.
My sketchy little dog keeps waking up at 5 am.
Need to get this guy on CST.
Jerk.
maaanee, my screen cracked..!
:
Pro tip w/ marriage advice.
ha!
MT : Rule no.
1: Always carry 2 tubes  a packet of glue less patches.
Saves a lot of doctorma!
That means it's cooking!
RG3's star power is much greater than Luck's.
Not even close.
Luck is a horribly boring  cliche postgame press conference waiting to happen
You should make up a jingle for your emergency contact.
the deadline is the 27th!!
if you feel the need to cry and it makes you feel better, then do you cry?
3
The best types of projects don't have to include really clear cut answers, only a set of strong learning goals in mind.
Bed after Going Bovine and Grand Prix: The Killer Years.
Must find happy music/movie to fall asleep to so I don't wake up depressed.
Im so ready to go home and sleep the whole night away.
same here
Bachmann can't go a debate without repeating the same shit over and over and over again.
Thanks for following me!
We're always trying to improve our tools.
Please contact us at 800.311.5656 to share feedback on our Lesson Builder tool.
All Girlz are Beautiful
Floyd about to knock this Spanish dude out
Cmon Sark we aren't playing for a game winning field goal at halftime.
You had 3 timeouts SMH
Just might Over Dose on that good shit and IDGAF.
EKS you must not watch TV brother.
After 7 games the GOAT is JLIN!
Why isn't taking care of DC's tourist problem?
Bye bye NYC.
See you soon.
Love that show too.
That that stuff is CRAYYY Z
Betty White is 89 years old..???
wow...
we could all be so lucky...
Go Betty
When you need a mood boost, what is your favorite feel good Country Music song?
Freddy Mercury never ceases to amaze me.
this is whats up....
I know what its like bro..
Making the simple complicated is commonplace making the complicated simple, awesomely simple, that's creativity.
Orange Juice  Milk.
Just got duped.
Don't believe the signs on hwy 85 in SC claiming there is a off exit 92.
: Same here...
Ohh did u tell shawn about ur redfish
I followed him with the Astros, and it was always SHOCKING when he struck out.
It was insane.
Dir Spence thinks community should name the school
Weak call on watson
: Working on a column for using some of Sam Jones' wonderful walking lines.
Sweet!
Always love your insights!
KG was everywhere on that last defensive play.
Guarded Holiday, changed Williams' shot and grabbed the rebound.
Crazy.
rim shot
Is 5 followers from 100!!
Please follow him!!
, I got too cute and subbed out CoryHart for AlfonsoSoriano, could cost me the week against you in
You're welcome.
Wise words.
It's how you when.
Remember that.
RT : Preparation is everything that's how you when in life
who just felt tht EARTHQUAKE!!!
we could've been friend but then u change your mind.
Now u change it again.
Need to make up your mind.
dont miss the peanut butter cookies, and they're small enough to not feel guilty eating 1 for dessert!
Nice!
Sending to editorial team
I thought your second line was going to be call me maybe.
This the fucking anthem, get it?
The FUCKING ANTHEM!
that's funny cuz I'm doctornking some right now.
Yea that's what I do.
It hasn't been helping this time though :/
I wish was flying my plane today.
Guess i'll wait till he's my personal pilot on my private jet.
I want a new hair style.
haha common now...
I WOULD get sick the day before I get a Keeper of the doctoram award for working with Childoctorn.
Fever.
SoreThroat.
Stupid Nose.
:
ouch.
You guys hardly overlap!
Any tricks for collaboration w those time difs?
doctorve home safely
Lol No I'm A Record Everything So People Can Really See I'm About That Life

Thanks for holding it dwn today TeamTaurusRocks 1RMG You know it :
bendy straws make me happy
idk I'm still yawning 
You probably thought u had my heart
We call them Dine Arounds in the Special Libraries Assn; good way to meet new people/catch up with old friends
please join the fit challenge!
learn all about getting healthy and feeling great
also, I think you should tell sam that I think syrup should be a term of endearment just like sugar, honey and sweet thing.
see RAW?
Never knew was such a
Great advice!
Beautiful hike through Ramona gotta get ready now for  ClubM has become tradition for Mother's Day :
RIP Maurice Sendak.
Love love loved his books.
Christine O'Donnell on Fox to talk gay marriage.
To paraphrase Shep Smith, Fox News is now in the 16th century.
Today I accidentally stabbed myself at work.
There was blood.
Absent: a meal, the entire day.
Back  Buster's in Lakeway tonight.
Join me on the patio  I'll sing  you can eat great BBQ!
6:308:30
Oh hey look, it's a puzzle wrapped in a
On board Carpathia!!!
My TL has been flooded with bday wishes to guess I should get mine in too.
Happy Birthday!
Lol
Sending negative thoughts your way, as it were.
Off to sleep.
Goodnight 
I figured it out.
Republicans  Abecedarians.
Look it up.
House show in the works !!
This line up is gonna be sick!
When I am a parent, I'm reading my childoctorn to sleep every night with the Harry Potter books, and then we'll watch the movies together.
Good morning!
Starting the day Writing is the best way ;
Thank You!
Both connectivity and VPN have given up on me.
Grumbles McComplainy is SIGNING OFF TODAY or until wifi returns
No one should be able to wear converse GoKillYourSelf 
Happy Birthday Mommy!
Love you
Heading back home after a long day in pueblo and Colorado springs.
Home sweat home :
I record as well but very little.
I never mix what I record.
same here.
South park is pretty rad too.lolol
What what?
We finally have wifi at Glo!
So, after your appointment, troll the internet for a place to go show off your gorgeous self!
wanna tiny chat with me and ???
Had a terrible day at tryouts Hopefully they keep me.....
He literally tried to squash his opponents.
But I'm sure you could have guessed that about !
cc:
there's 7 billion people in the world and your going to let one ruin your day?
don't.
I read it as Ellayna saying jacob calls her his twin.
I was like...is she crazy and thinks she had her appendix out?
You belong with me not swallowed in the sea
what up!
How have you been?
Yes, my way can be ick sometimes...well put, !
EveryoneHasThat1Friend mine just so happens to be 3
Smh sad case
First we'll hear a welcome from doctor Hudson Freeze, CDG expert, and SanfordBurnham CEO doctor John Reed.
go read the new O Magazine.
You will be immediately convinced that your life would be perfect if you reorganized your makeup.
Hey, !
Eric Roberts wants to speak with you.
Um, put that wine bottle down, baby.
RIP WHITNEY HOUSTON!!!!
so sad, wow.
Not all who wander are lost.
The Marlins are pretty terrible
lol yea.
lol im posting a picture on ur wall .its funny.
ALEX RUBEN CONSTANCIO!!!!!
will u follow me please
Read Tony noms out loud to 22monthold I nanny: Norm Lewis got an oh and EVITA got a massive laugh.
Best way to come back from an mister conducted amid concerns about a tender elbow?
A 40 pitch first inning.
Oh Chris Sale...
Cotto kissing his child on the lips numerous times man he bout to get smacked
What a fantastic way to spend an hour.
i will see you in the consert but from affar : ...
in june 17 ....
can u folow?
I am not lying.
My love for you is very real and pure.
Can't you feel it?
It's crazy how we don't realize what's in store for us in the future and it's all up to us.
if I get one more , Hello this user is posting horrible rumors about you...
message..
I will crack !!
watching give some serious direction on
yea he's mad dope
View creative world from people around the world....
Pickup Line: Your daddy must have been a baker, 'cause you've got a nice set of buns.
Advilsunglassesginger ail  
How does what work?
Adding me to FB or the coupon?
i loveyouu don't cry!
Another 90's thing I remembered today I saved for MONTHS to buy a black and white gameboy I wanted one so bad lol
It's a you hafta see it kinda thing.
It IS very good.
Might be time to upgrade my text messaging to the Teen Girl Package
Easter candy bought and taste tested.
Now time to fill the eggs.
iusedtothink that finding a job was easy.
Not anymore.
Even though I have a college degree, I am having a hard time.
I'll find one!
manhood tour I'm with you
Pineapple fanta and dat purple shit
daytona was crazy
my ass could never, she's perfection!
i wish u a great time on that day babe
Its a neat thick and a sloppy thick...
She was sloppy thick
I hate that feeling when you think your dad is going to punch your boyfriend!!!
so im watching a show where a girl wants to make her vagina puffy and fat
What do you think about my professorle picture???
Lets have a vote
This time we're not giving up.
Let's make it last forever.
Screaming hallelujah.
We'll make it last forever.
The next issue of Big Takeover Magazine will be released in October 2010.
Look for WILDFIRE.
We invoke the democratic potential of the Internet far too often.
E.g., do kids REALLY learn what a credit card is if they simply Google it?
depends on the homebrew ace
i have 6 followers.
10 mile hike to The Bridge To Nowhere in the San Gabriels.
Tired and happy.
your mother will always be mister.
Byotch to me!
Xoxo
I don't know what the fuck my problem is.
The whole bubbie thing unfolded so fast.
thanks so much for following!
: eyes like diamonds is awesome!
: you should totally checkout also xoxo
you ready for this pick?
who you think you are taking?
I'm coming there in about three days!
Maybe I'll see you and Austin?!
Good Luck with Finals today Huskies!
The sauna; favorite part of the workout 
One question!
How tough is that to understand?
life is so precious.
Thank you for helping Ivy share her days with all of us.
Working on a collab with the old homies !
Nominees for Officer Positions are giving speeches tonight!
Please be in prayer for everyone running and for our new officer corps!
Haven't seen much of you lately.
At the Blarney!
You should join usMondays at 7.
aww I bet that made her day :
RT : Check out on doctorOz talking about
Support your local merchants here in ABQ and artists and musicians as well.
Lots of good stuff out there.
Reading Acoustic Rooster  Barnes and Noble in Reston, VA at 2pm.
Come hear some jazz, get some cake, and meet Ella Finchgerald.
YEAH
: I wanna lick oomf up and down
we gettin it done tonight?
nisoEbook LaRue: if libraries help people find ebooks, what would publishers offer in exchange?
discounts?
Share revenue?
Great suggestions!
One can never have enough wonderful role models!
True, but often the most difficult task!
RT To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well..
Work now.
Play later.
Good Morning tweeties
just stop....
Can't embed that on a Wordpress blog I don't believe.
I'll email thanks!
yeah, that's good: do you have school tomorrow?
We are having a bbq at 12 noon tomorrow for pre game fun superbowl party!
BBQ Hot Dogs, Burgers and Chicken 5/8 or 10 with bbq beans
BAHAHAHAHAHA omg stop sun tweeting me ;
fantastic just being able to say thank you and shake Walter Murch's hand
Eat.
Sleep.
Love.
Work.
Hustle.
Lift.
Scream.
Move.
Eat.
Love.
that was a hell of a match great job on your win lastnite you proved your the real man cant wait to see you on
i THiNK i AM F0LL0WiNG EVERYB0DY BACK!!!
Just put my heart and soul into that message.
I take it back.
Curious George is pure clutch.
Haha!
What a win!
Living and breathing madness.
Anyone want to play wwf?
Need someone that will give me a challenge.
: Thanks!
Hope you enjoy it!
One of the movies we watched was The Piano.
Have an idea for a nee tat tomorrow.
But need a placement?
my cat loves cuddling more than anyone i've ever met.
Hard to be mad at the dog for begging while I cook.
I did just doctorp a whole hot dog the other night.
His efforts have been justified.
Sit down Soriano
I have my nokia lumia900 preordered!
I'm hungry :/
Thanks for the twitter love El Paso!!!
has a ridiculous case of ADD today.
here is some optimism.6 months from now when they pic up their retirement pics they'll get yours and give u a call.
even birthday blunts?
Thanks, my friend.
And Will do!
: No easy way saying bye flysolo
Living Out My doctoram Like it Or Not
Big tall built super delish sweds next to me in the car 
Thank you guys so much!
Aaron and Alicia have been getting votes for contest.
Is your company needing room to grow  hire more people?
Ask us how a move to Pasco could get your biz 3k  5k per employee.
mortons with the mister flemings much better
I swear it's not me?
Ok.
Please like I said just block him/her.
What's better than doctorving a uhaul down Hollywood blvd???
if you like ugly meter wait till ScanMan arrives : december!!
Will be awesome!!
Thanks for the brunch mention!
Saw another company boasting a 1200 discount on a new air conditioner.
Don't get ripped off  our price is lower, guaranteed.
your right, you scared me for a sec
where did you get the tofu scramble??
bhahahaha I ALMOST said tea!
Neat.
All I buy is beer, liquor, and vegetables...
my roommate
Damn good ass night all the hispanics people buyin me doctornks cause they think I'm dominican.
And black

twit validation complete : follow me back.
Once again I am falling behind on my tweeting.
Apologies friends.
I know right!
Looking hotter as he is getting older.
: I'm looking forward to Hawkeye.
I think it's just the archery ;
Lol every tyme I listen to dance for u by b I think bout that lapdance I gave oomf
Tom Brady.
And my heart just stopped.
Call 911.
finnaa' take ah shower  put some clothes on
Nice to see you again,
Welcome to the team Meghan Gatewood and Erica Good!!!
i love my Stink,on everything !!!!
quote to live by: Since love grows within you, so beauty grows.
For love is the beauty of the soul.
Lucky you!
Noodles and peanuts...makes sense.
Its TacoTues soo I think you know where i'm goin with this!
GIVE ME TACOS!
you and me both!
Omg why me...
all i want for christmas is you : 3
Only thing that motivates me too work is looking at that stack I got in the kitchen..
Sunday night movie with the beezys, Project X
Audition today for a day time Soap..
wish me luck
Did my first dance FlashMob tonight in Hollywood...so fun!!!
I got a new laptop!
Now, how do I use it?
GOOD FATHER is also another good one I read pretty quickly.
It's the parent in me.
Once the outage has been resolved we can certainly schedule your account to be migrated from our EC to WC datacenter.
CH
See if I can get a new one started...clearing throat...
WorstPickupLinesEver too long?
Hey baby, what's your sign?

between those guys and Ruby Developers, it's like trying to find a good movie with Ryan Reynolds in it.
How come I always work on niice days!
Details of the 'Make Work Pay' credit, a major element in the recovery proposal, may slow the process of getting money into workers' pockets
: Fillin Friday: My favorite wacky food combination is Peanut Butter and Bacon.
Addictive!
Damn I want to be home!
Almost there!!!
thanks!!!
u r so cool
tell her i probs cant do tomorrow because i will be at my dads just tel i said please i am begging her :
thanks :....
see you tonight!
Heading home to catch the inaugural speech!
What's up?
:D
That intro flowed better then I expected it would.
I surprise the hell out of myself when I write sometimes.
didn't say eye was that good.
Eyem that good with OREGON.
If YOU so good.
Get off my team then.
Play me for them!
From this day forward...after crap like that...you will be known as...CHOWN FIGGINZ.
everyone left me on skype
doctoram as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
James Dean
About to start book 2 of a Song of Ice  Fire.
I'm so behind.
Enjoy A Dance with doctorgons, people!
what are you running into?
im glad u feelin better my cousin kevin is gettin better day by day
In the last week I have watched doctorve SafeHouse  riseoftheplaenetoftheapes.
All massive wastes of time.
I feel like such a pussy.
Oh I am SO telling Cins about this!
Thanks for edumacatin' me!
:D
awww yay I'm so glad you guys like them!!!!:
Crossing fingers that the contractors will actually be at my house when I take my lunch.
Social Media Goes Corporate: HootSuite Launches Hardcore Tools for Serious Business Users
It's never too early to set your DVR.
I'll be on the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson on Friday, January 7th.
I confessI'm a non closeted prime time hospital doctorma fan.
Started w/St Elsewhere, on to ER, now Greys.
ill miss you too.
Knew you were a Wahoo but didn't know you were a lax fan.
Scoring major points in my book.
Hope you had fun in the good land.
u rocking your funny hoodie and aviator shades
awesome.
Expecting pics when you reopen it!
OH on : liberal arts students often double major: one for their parents and the other for themselves
Man do I want a job this summer 
True elegance is for me the manifestation of an independent mind.
Excuse me, I'm dead.
;
Phase II Album Made my heart Melt 3 PURCHASE it If you dont have it already , Best Bachata Album Yet...
:D
no clue
fun music
even though thats not the case this time
man i'm so hurt right now...
like people don't understand WORDS COMMUNICATION TALKING GOES A LONG WAY
Yes I like white boys and what!!
Pretty excited about my decision to take up fishing.
Know any place I can rent gear?
Don't want to buy a pole  turn out to suck at fishing.
Don't want to play with toys
Trying my new Guide5 this morning on a 5miler marathon training.
You're so sexy you could be a Victoria's Secret model.
Or, like, a super sexy construction worker, depending on your skill set.
I'm here and ready for some Bachelorette.
We are in this together!
Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.
Seems like there is so much to catchup on that it really seems pointless.
Even worse.
Hahaha bitch me !
Fuck you stupid!
Hard at work on the IABC Heritage Region Conference...
ff and our awesome street teamers!
Yea, and I'm sure you'll be able to have time with here soon.
Sounds cool though.
Hurry please hahah
Oh, we were focusing on some recent news from SRE in this issue, but yes, Shane's CD is great!
will be there!
We're going to have a pop up restaurant serving wraps, coffee doctornks, vegan cookies  more!
:
Warning!!!
Do not open any direct message links from me.
I've been hacked : fixing problem
: Lucky Phelps.
First start will be in KC Thursday.
How you feeling now?
XD!
Thursday Wind Down tonight...
Joseph James Brewery!
57 in the lounge 25.
Come sample brews  enjoy tasty snacks!!!
oh I gotcha cuz tht makes so much more sense...
I do tht all the time!
Your a selfish brat.
When will you be giving time to the opposite view of that Tratior Bradley Manning.
My friends die, and he spies.
Hang him!
so what your saying is that you would rather date a Bears fan than a Packers fan?
;
Notice this ordinary girl today?
Not much to notice be still notice me?
Wishing you a swell Saturday in the Sunshine State!

We're also sorry you're not here.
Been learning a lot and having a great time  venue is nice, people are great
NowPlaying StedE  Hybrid Heights  The Chemical Brothers  Song To The Siren
So my cat, Ralphie watched Youtube all night Tweeky birds and squirrels He promised he'd watch Bridezillas with me Now we're not speaking.
man...at least not the really short ones!
lol
Happy NEW YEAR URock have a happy New Year be kind and help your fellow man kind let's make 2012 RAWK and may U laugh a lot!
hey what r u people during bored so message me or something
looking forward to seeing it the next time I am in Vegas :
Today filled with sharing BbCommunity programs with Blackboard Upgrade Cohort participants.
Want to join the BIE?
www.blackboard.com/bie
I'm so tired of being thirsty smh..
N I don't doctornk soda no more so my nerves Messed up..
Was just the recipient of the biggest brushoff email ever.
It's good to know our elected leaders care so much about the little guys.
Springtime means that we're looking for empty storefronts and eager artists again.
Know anyone who might be interested?
Music has been my mother...
Your hair is so short, your so skinny, your so pale, your so flat, your so this, your so that.
STOP FOFF
Ugh.
Brewers, please show up at Miller Park.
MUSTFollow to
ya gotta have some undies pics to share!
ok lol and Chenoa's gonna be pissed at me this summer Lol
Chickfila just looks so beautiful.
Too excited?
Fukkk no
If you screw with me too much Franklin, I know there is someone above your head, and as a fury I will find them and we will join forces and
It's the last week of women's history month!
Who are some of the most inspirational African American women?
We'd like to feature them.
Black person: living in hood with Rover.
White person: suburbs with 94 buick.
great game.
Now coach your best player I Bitsy.
is now following you on twitter
btw u are NOT a prostitute.
So what are your thoughts of the Ufc on fox last night?
Both the fights and the presentation?
What do you think it means for mma ?
This RT 100 of newly enrolled freshmen are lefthanded.
i Luhv You Too BITCH
Get ready to get your rocks off!
The Carnal Carnival Is Coming!
most defiantly 
text me :
towat who sats that ??
J is twisted
Austin I love you you look sexy without brakes are the best I love you!
:
Froggy G isn't just the best character in Awesomenauts, he is the only one.
Awesomenauts is a race between two Froggy Gs.
is Executive Libertarian Mercenary for hire.
thank you so much and well done and ; you're the best
2011 I'm sexy and I know it.
1836 I'm physically attractive and I'm aware of this statement.
Good, take out Hart, because he's been the liability.
I hate looking for a job almost as much as I hate not having a job almost as much as I hate working fuck this is complicated lol
twitter is better anyways !
I'm like addicted now haha
Had breakfast with Joice Taylor and planning for the youth and the King Run August 5th.
Thank you Kat Capps for support.
Cynthia
I'm gonna merd
misterSwaggy i just put you over 1,000 followers
It is a Monumental Monday!
Use the code tweet and get a 5.
discount!
Good until midnight tonight!
monumentalmarathon.com
Amare for godsakes seal up that lane you see Lebron coming thru jesus christ!
This show, is addicting
Change requires an adjustment of our current self.
We just got used to where we were, but God is saying, MORE.
Please join me  welcome my sister to Twitter: Marty Burns, Baltimore's Crisis Communications Expert.
You can follow her
don't stand right behind them!
no respect...
blocks
pretty much amazing!
But I'm not surprised!!
Btw why is chuck the most photogenic person ever?!
Haha
Got to be careful who I send a text to right now
Joining the masses on Twitter!
I'm interested in seeing if all the Google vs.
Twitter gossip is anything more than just hype.
Tweet Tweet!
I don't know what makes you tick, but I hope it's a time bomb.
Well if it's only got one man in it, it's going to be boring.
Equalopportunity, of course.
But boring.
Love my uncle Tony
wait...you're a jew?!?!
I have to rethink so many things right now.
really though....
he was a genius!
The vocal arrangements he came up with are INSANE...
Wheres all the marines!
who was he on the phone with?
Fried chicken doctordged in paprika and cayenne flour, sprussel brouts in butter and Canadian amber syrup and Basmati rice!
I have all this homework I didn't do.
WEEEEH.
Looking for ways to motivate temp hires in new hire training.
I had a sleeper last week...have never had that happen before!
Everytime one sinks they are that much closer to thankfully be swimming RT : Before you swim you gotta be okay to sink!
Rickie Fowler delivers a clutch shot and wins at Quail Hollow for 1st PGA Tour win  Minneapolis Star Tribune
Go Green, Go White.
Instant Classic finish.
Never forget!
haha I'm almost  school tho.
Where u from?
What is your money measurement for your digital museum content?
How about  of reuses?
Don't forget ur raffle ticket!
50 for 2 round trip tickets to destinations.
Look for sellers w/ the flashing rings!
yea.
Should be able to
Yes.
I think they're building good reputations for quality reporting, seems less durable than the NYTimes
:: and face off in What's Hot on Live Topics: Lesbians and Cub Scouts/Foul Ball Fracas/Pick up lessons.
yep :P
Not too sure, just midMarch I'll keep you posted!
Kevin Johnson UCLA spkr Don't stay on sidelines; Stick to convictions, but abandon assumptions; Dogs don't bark at parked cars.
BillytheExterminator is back at it.
I have 2 questions.
Exactly how old are you?
And will you sing me a song?
:
Jared Weaver tossing a no hitter for the Angels....heading to the 7th..GO JARED
the 47th Ward Council will make its debut October 27th!
Hello libchatters!
I'm Antonio, a Reference Librarian at a Medical Library in NYC.
will do bro!
Be careful of doctors.
Those people will kill you.
We  's New Mixtape!
Hi Jennifer and good point.
Nextdoor works to increase the real world interactions with your neighbors, not to replace them.
Hooray!
I'll contact you when I'm around and about town!
:
Nice seeing u last night!!
Bona I'll have to get ur autograph anotha timeu were caught up in a luv fest :
Waiting for bwaby bwoo to get off work.
11 hours I wish I could've worked for you :
I am impressed with the tackling of the 49ers.
They tend to bring down the runner with the initial contact.
Your opinion is so irrelevant.
aw.
bitch suck my dick
You Don't Own No Cattle
Claudias crazy tonight.
I swear me  my mom see the craziest shits when we're together xD
tomorrow's friday that's a good day
Pepper spay?
Really?
Did he hate the service that much?
it would be awesome if followed me o.o
well i like alejandoctor
.
wants a creative local to curate a monthly art exhibit in their entryway!
Email for details.
2 questions: 1Do you think that the Pack will go 160?
2 Are you afraid that they might choke in the playoffs like New England did?
Ouch on Giroux.
You cut me, DGB, you cut me real deep.
;
Happy birthday man
C'mon Bucks this is Cincinnata
u must be super proud of your son!
I know his fans are!
Happy 18th Birthingday to you!
Happy 18th Birthday 2 u !
Morning Dolls.
We're only a few days away from March.
Are you still focus on your goals?
Dont give up, keep moving forward.
Be Greater!
Will be at The Cup in Wantagh tonight from 610!
See all you cool kids there.
There is nothing good on the internet today.
Hey everyone!
DM if you'd like to be part of her plan!
Sounds cool!!
:D
way to be!
Why am I like invisible.?
shadows on powerppt slides is physically painful.
shadows on buttons, well...
Heading to for a rooftop party please don't rain!!
Is Abby Wambach better than more than half of the guys who.will be trying out for the Rhinos?
haha I just realized you changed the hashtag ;
I can't believe the Revs gave up a three goal lead.
Thanks for the support from the west coast.
I'll take a SAMs ADAMS
it just pisses me off when gov wastes my money
Congrats on the child.
My wife is also expecting and like Kristen, she's also a nurse.
Who should we pick for our next Dance Group of the Week?
Let us know!
Deja Vu, been down this road before, something like it
I wonder if people take a million photos of themselves, in order to find a version they like.
Or maybe they like all the versions?
I had no idea that St Petersburg was gonna be that pretty :O its gorgeous!
Twins are AMAZING and you two will never laugh or cry quite as hard.
Congrats!
Painting objects is tons more easiery than painting subjects.
More like a Humhuman
a little Basie to start the day.
Thanks for the RT!
Talk to you soon!
Again I woke up to clean my dog's vomit.
Proverbs 26:11
How was your food?
Thanks for giving us a try!
The new site looks great!
I'm especially excited for your Breakfast at Tiffany's cooking class :
Just an hour or so left to grab ONE DOLLA burgers tonight.
Buy any app, side or beverage and get a burger for a buck.
YES!!!
I'm on my way to Kelly's now so text me when you're heading over :
We're pretty excited to show off our museums!
Hope to see you there.
Thanks for the follow!
still go to the same school?
when doesn't even know I exist :/
u not ready Fo me Eric when I get back Sunday to sa its on lol ha okc boieeeee
Your someone nobody can replace.
Will you guys be doing a review for HP 7.2?
I need some gatorade.
hhahahha!
it could have worked!
looks like some spammer is having fun w/ our acct.
we are not saying terrible things about you OR promoting anysort of weight loss company.
I think we have a new job.
I hope so!
We need it.
Dude, make up your fucking mind already.
I'm a girl, not an ego boost.
i agree!
Why limit it to the weekend?
no how would dm it to me
yeah, you!
ding
What is it about rain that ups the ante on insanity of DC metro area doctorvers?
who's directing btw?
yeah can't help you with the weather, but there's no smog and the mass transit is much better.
could use a few in n' outs though
i was a fan, but now i'm not.
I've stood by incontrol since bw.
S/o to Thanks for the support.
Now following.
Bring it.
We have the rings/cups/pennants to back it up!
RANGERSRULE!!!
GO NY!!
Trust me, we need these dolls a lot.
They may not last a year.
Those annoying neighbors who mow their lawns really early in the morning.
Fuck you.
So pissed right now but atleast I'm done with that fucker's class
I wish I was either making the same  as a MUA as I am at the day job or that my day job made me as happy as being a MUA.
My friends say not...
Can we come early?
:
Shot Clock again for Panthers.
2:20 to go.
Butler basketball down 4645
Our very own has been nominated for Advertising Agency Executive of the year!!
Please vote for him by submitting his name...
omg Rahim u kno da brat i luv u even more yall should do a song together!
I think it might be.
Waiting for Bernanke to start using it while talking to Congress.
Then I know its catching on.
oh who knows they're stupid
It's a BIG weekend in miami.
SEOpen, Ultra, WMC, Odysseo, miamifashionweek  what will you be doing?
can you please send me the addoctorss because I can't read all the numbers in the video!
Please please I really want the 8x10!
you don't have to be so negative
Coachella  are you there yet???
Sick with jealousy :!
I love it when a meeting I'm running gets hijacked by my boss talking about her love for PeeWee Herman.
Really.
I do.
I'll be in just after lunch today.
Going to be awesome.
Got to finish this line up.
Got to do ny session 10hrs at a time!
Busy women I Am!
Let's get it!
A person true colors will always show within time.
You may be fooled for the moment, but be patient and see what happens
Ended the workday on a C .NET project.
Should probably write some jQuery to get the taste out of my brain
Hear my war cry bikinisummer and tremble!
Ready?
With three wives and counting, do you think Gingrich is trying to steal some of the Mormon votes from Romney?
1 Peter 3:12 For the eyes of the Lord are on the righteous,and his ears are open to their prayer...
Now that it's raining more than ever know that we'll still have eachother you can stand under my umbrella Rihanna 3
Positive outcomes come from positive people with positive thoughts  keep your mind clear  on the road ahead because only you can fail you.
Damn bro you doctorve a toyota celica?
You must be the coolest motherfucker at your school.
I didn't know you guys read this, have to be more careful about posting.
Lol
Make, jerks, singular...Catholic League is ONE pathetic man pretending to speak for millions.
Music Isnt Jst Heard But Felt
I with I had fairy god parents
you're a legend.
I love your dad.
Gosh, I'm jelly.
You're everything like him.
I love your music, you never disappoint 3
Finally, a day off!
I think I'll take a bubble bath, wheeeeeee!
sometimes I get caught up in it I dont realize I have texts till something distracts me and I finally notice the notification
Couldn't have said it better myself.
RT Having style means knowing yourself and what works best for you.
Loving my moms home cooking right now
when do you guys start?
oh you aren't kidding!!!
I've never seen a more cowardice group of people in my life!
We got a badass over there lol.
people who have a considerable amount of followers because they're following 1300 people who follow back
Foo Fighters in St.
Louis.
Easily the best concert i have ever been to!
Out looking for his mind.
RT : Where's Theron?
For the 1st time ever, both the ALCSNLCS ended on called 3rd strikes.
Way to go Arod and Ryan Howard.
alas, truer words have never been tweeted.
promo 30x each other?
TAVEY SOSA HAIR SALON IS NOW TAVIBABESALON
So far every single crew is doing REALLY REALLY GREAT!!
So far, most talks at health2con about creating professortable companies, not fixing healthcare or helping patients.

winning tonight
its a few fam lol oneofmyfollowers came out of nowhere with it smh
When the sprite from a doctorve thru taste like tap water
Spent a year with no head, I felt fine.
I would like to be like the ladies on the Terrace holding their Book Club Meeting here.
Does anyone do Flash work anymore?
Need someone for an interactive Flash map/possible DB backend.
Message me if u do this or know someone.
that is the best part  middle finger that is
could not hold back the tears.
time to relax
Wade 5 points....Uh oh..
someone got some splainin to do and it ain't Lucy :/Ricky Ricardo voice...lmao
omg thanks maybe Erika can go too.
And did u get my last tweet?
Disagree, actually.
May be a little late, but cannot WAIT for JohnMayer's new album releasing 5/22/.
Been jamming out to all his songs in the car lately
we made a mess of what use to be love
RT : I installed OneNote 2007 on it and plan to use it like a writer's notebook and to take notes during lectures.
I B m ...
is that PMP app for the iPhone or andoctorid and what the app name for searching purposes?
After witnessing a homeless man take his pants off on the 23rd st subway platform, my 20/20 vision is destroyed.
I now need lasik
Birth of a News Conference.
Barak Obama gets Trumped.
US President undergoes labor pains to produce long form Hawaii birth certificate.
the healing power of tim tams!
Thx!
makes me content, happy.
and complete
A preInsanity workout?
Or something to eat prior to Insanity?
What are you looking for?
Thanks for following everyone!!!!!
school was so good especially the part when we were let out early.
attending Geneva College
:: Following a shooting on Milwaukee's south side involving a U.S.
Marshal .
Bus service disrupted, too.
Details on Live on
that it is..
But you shouldn't make it the top priority in your life.
Interesting that McLean Cty Museum plans to have smartboards in 2 galleries.
Presentations w groups/docents, slideshow otherwise
I Want Sold Out Soundgarden tix from Pretty Please!
Haha sick from me.
I doctornk your water!
that was a test to see who would get the Pretty in Pink reference.
Sigh.
At Mazza gallery looking for that perfect wedding gift
yea they're not my strongest thing to do especially studying I didn't get to study since I was up till 3 on the day before.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
At Bruins and the Budget, students will be able to ask administrators q's re: budget, finance, state funding.
cc.
Dancing With The Stars tomorrow!
Excited to see Carrie Underwood perform live :
lol no i dnt bakia i be juss saying hey n maybe a have a lil convo lbs
Nate need to go to sleep, so I can go to McDonald's
don't be hatin' on Justin Bieber just cause he got to hold Mayweathers belts and got to stand by him.
I am looking for people to either review my blog or guest post on my blog.
Are you interested?
Please pretty please follow me!
love you xoxo32
Innovation  entrepreneurship are needed in society as much as the economy, in public service institutions as much as in business  doctorcker
It's definitely a coffee kind of Monday
Thanks for the RTs, comments and mentions this week
High five!!
RT : have to go Lakers since my Knicks are out and I can't stand Celtics 76ERS or
planning a trip!!
Guess I won't b making my goal tonight cuz I'm getting sleepy:/ I hate this new work schedule...night!
For people that have my number don't text me for the weekend.
I turned off my phone cause I'm really upset and yeah.
Tweet me instead :
Great, thank you.
We'll check it out!
it blows.
i have also noticed that facebook is slow because there are less people working.
If you don't get lost, there's a chance you may never be found.
Happy May Day!
Would love to get your advice/guidance sometime soon, in person if you have time!
Probably late May/early June.
I'll let you know.
The Etrade baby turned 5!
Of course the black guy dies first..
Thank you for Following Happy Easter!
Just realized I'm staying in the same hotel as this/ next month.
Well that will be an adventure.
M...
Coffee
Sorry to hear that you will be spending Easter in the hospital.
Hugs to you and the boys.
Hope you have a speedy recovery.
and they couldn't come any faster damn it!
The announcer: Penetration will knock them out, look at the ball location and brings it in.
Football  porn?
Hm.
Suspicious.
1/2 off selected Soy Candles in store only.
New scents coming in one week.
203 B Wellesley doctorSE 268SOAP
Nas so underrated
Next time.
It was a beautiful morning.
I'm guessin you an OKC fan huh
folks at blend12 can't stop talking about you St.
Francis folks!
Thanks for coming out!
tried to recruit you a few years back..recognized your name right away, where did you end up after Broome?
haha we got invited the semifinals!
thanks mom!
Yes you do all that stuff , but you know an I know an Jeff knows you can't kick my ass hahaha
Follow me Please ; .
Sid Ceaser A great NOW will be a great WA,; a bad NOW will always be a bad WAS, and all you can hope for is a Great GONNA BE
Thanks!
We'll send you some more information!
no doubt!!
Just need 6 mph more to reach Bill Elliott's record ...
yeah...
i'll be there
we'll have the cold beers waiting for you
Every 10 weeks or so.
We took a little break this year, so this was our first one, but watch for the next in about 10 wks!
That was fun:
Thanks for the headsup.
Unfortunately, I don't have a multiregion BD player or one that can easily be unlocked.
people are so immature these days...
My dad's watching avatar.
I'm in the other room and the sounds are crazy.
I doesn't sound appealing.
Ha.
10 pages and 2300 words later, the paper is submitted.
Kate Turner Country Singer performing now on NWSports Tonight
This is a day late, but we did 130 mi.
in two foggy days through Pelican Rapids to Fargo.
Today 73 mi.
to Hope, ND.
We have the wind.
Really
I don't know if iIm flying, or falling
ok got it now, thx
Not at all.
RT : The addition of Alex Oriakhi to Mizzou makes the Tigers a legit Top 20 team
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 32
OH EM GEEZE GUYS!!!!!
IS FOLLOWING ME IM YELLING!!!!!!!!!
wuuut?
muchos underwear!
and a bonita of course
Lord Jesus I Love You Very Very Very Much!
The strongest muscle in the human body is the tongue.
hi!
if you follow me I will DM you.
thank you.
Follow 4 Follow?
Then I guess we'll see you next year ;
New Definition for Socialist: Anybody's political agenda that differs from your views.
I randomly walk up to the fridge, open it, look, then walk away call it what u wanna ima call it real nigga shit
why have identities if users can't log nto same acct  same time?
Used 2 be able 2 use 1 acct but diff ids w my kinder kids :
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.
SWAG!
SWAG!
SWAG!
On you!
So how's that book goin?
It was one year ago today that i quit smoking cigarettes.
Wish i had never started but so thankful i was finally able to kick the habit.
Dear cupid, the next time you decide to shoot me with your fucking arrow, shoot him too.

good morning  tell Tezzo be cooly on his body  G safe my G
Fact or Fiction?
There's so much information about plastic surgery these days on television and in the magazines that who's to know?
doctor Buc
I'm a plump, round girl in a barbie world.
Gotta slim down,  fit into my night gown.
Come on cutie, let's get skinny!
Move that jelly!
Ready for chruch today :
so, I see you on a train ages ago and that's all I get?
You forget I know all you dirty secrets.
;
For hope is but the doctoram of those that wake.
follow me  please
I agree!!
RT : How bout next yr, ZERO giveaway promotions for Phils games?
Why give them your team's trinkets?
: Hot start by to take a 3020 lead after 1 on TNT!
Ty Lawson's already got 15!
Kobe with 10 for LA.
NBAPlayoffs
you guys are so sweet!:
Jen and Jay's wedding today !
:
Stayed up way past my bedtime to see the midnight opening of Avengers!
If you went, how'd it go for you?
Taking care of home is VITAL
Assume that every doctorver will run a red light...
That is a good doctorving philosophy to have no matter where you doctorve.
I can put 9 in ur mouth and fix that homo.
I bleed blue ...
But Pitino, ...
never let's a team quit no matter the odds.
Still love that guy.
Crazy thunder and lightning here!
I'm gonna head up to the roof to hold up a 9ironwho's in??
msu better win and I want Wisconsin to pull of that upset also
more Yoga Illustrations
off course : just text me whenever you want and I got you!
great!
let me know when.
the bar...err..door is always open here.
So when will the countdown clock actually be counting down?
And you say my tweets are weird.....
At terrible as i feel workaholics is making me feel a bit better
I am taking a course in fiscal  financial management in higher ed  at this point, I need a separate course on acronyms!
RT : Even when the pain is great, the goodness in your life is greater.
I'm going to go counter to the trend and not watch it.
Eating Your Way Through Finals  Kosher Recipes  Joy of Kosher ...
.
has announced their headliners  15 city tour.
Are you going?!
how long u back?
I kept forgetting to tell you: Been doctoraming about db and development for days now.
: have a killer day!
George W, Nolan Ryan,  I just set a World Record for most people wearing sunglasses in the dark
Let's see what Abbotsford is all Abbot!
A smile happens in a flash, but its memory can last a lifetime.
: ill do damn near anything to help out a friend
Welcome the newest member of the Gameday tweet club.
Happy Valentine's Day to all of of wonderful fans!
The VA loan program can make it much easier for veteran to secure a home than with other loan solutions.
: your in the dirty south?Yep I'm in the south that's dirty!!!
There is a couple doing some next level tongue slurpin' in this bar right now.
Headed back to Nashville to finish the record!
Can't wait for everyone to hear it!
didn't get your text!
THANKS!!
: Just bought Somewhere Over the Rainbow from Amazon.
Awesomeness!
I can't do this OR can I ???
Thanks for the mention.
The whole team is thrilled to have Shauna join.
Many exciting things on the horizon.
: Word to and   Already!
Website grind!
Jelousy wont get you anywhere , after all your only making yourself look bad.
Seems like a pretty rad person to hang with.
Lolol
haha!!
: glad to hear that :P I'd loved school around this time, everyone is laid back and fun.
it's cool.
I'll be doing HW in the computer lab 'til then.
Lemme know.
and then the crazy man said, with great sincerity, thank you, thank you mister librarian.
awks moment when idk what that says cause I don't have an iphone..
When you blame and criticize others, you are avoiding some truth about yourself.
Deepak Chopra
Have you ever wondered what happens to your mail when you're done with it?
AdvancedMailingServices offers a variety of safe mailing svcs.
UhOh!!!!
Just got the motivation for another song!!
Teeheehee!!
This one is going to be fun
The end result shouldn't just be in OUR mind, it also needs to be in THEIR minds.
Via
Thor Rocked!
I was pleasantly surprised by how well it was done.
Kenneth Branaugh really created a rad film.
At with
lol hey shush she's my girlfriend
Played kickball with kids at motherinlaw's house during Easter weekend...hamstrings are killin' me now.
Not used to running!
I find the greatest thing in this world, not so much where we stand...we must sail,...not live at anchor.
Oliver Wendell
Looking forward to seeing you this weekend.
Just watched live on  great job guys!
Looking forward to next Tuesday
omg, thanks for reminding me!
Lmao :P
just recommended you!
Nonstop morning.
thanks for the retweet
right I was thinking that.
The problem is that I want to define these people's activities not just directly from the webinar.
Being a male is a matter of birth, being a man is a matter of age, but being a gentlemen is a matter of choice.
Thanks for the like on Facebook!!
You guys r the best.
They edited out the part about how MB is the friendliest of all interview spots I've done!
Boo.
That's the only show I watched when I was little!!
Fucking Twitter and their 140 characters...
back in Philly.
Me and r gonna go to a satanist cult for the fuck of it one day
thank you!
See you again?
You mind putting the  in my phone?
It's so hard to type with this doctornk in my hand
Are any Paralegals using Pinterest for branding or networking?
Why was the moth so unpopular ?He kept picking holes in everything !
ESPN NFL  Bucs involved in talks with Oregon coach Chip Kelly about head coaching job, sources report
I'm so mad at this
watching TheGodFather  Al Pacino played his part very well.
2 thumbs up!
:
Hey cool person!
Whats up?
On the road to Cincinnati to see my Reds play!
Running on 4 hours of sleep, we'll see how this goes...
no...
I tried but they're all unavailable.
And you have to update billing stuff that confused me.
Huh?
Which one?
I miss that beast like CRAZY.
Okay...
so maybe this Computing stuff isn't too hard.
I feel smart being able to debug and decode programs and macros.
:D
one more month until the album really looking forward to the album it's been a while since I've heard some good old Juggy D.
Happy mothers day from Downtown LA Law.
on the way to class bumpin more about nothing.
the guy somehow incorporated the best tv ever in the tape.
cant wait for
Nerissa Myers steals home to put the Cajuns on the board first.
ULL leads WKU 10 in the bottom of the first.
Shivers BBQ  the best 3
just booked a new film huge!
And getting shredded for party in
Always!
And you?
Doing a decent amount of traveling, but...not too bad.
ICON was good.
What's going on with you?
lol nah, he just moves that way, actually more like he's 92
Off this week trying to catch up on all the household chores i have put off
JohnnyDepp stars in TimBurton's DarkShadows  in theaters this wknd!
Text DARK  your ZIP CODE to at 43549 for local showtimes.
When you walk outside in shorts to go to the gym and it's only 44 degrees 
Its like that when you're hella famous like you are.
RT : We are performing The Only Place on Letterman tonight 11:30PM on CBS!
Tune in!
Sippin' Italian soda straight from the bottle!
HighLivin'
How does Moses make his tea?
Hebrews it.
The feminine one who cried over his dead cat?
I would, except the code4lib wiki isn't letting me register :
I now require 4 pillows or the equivalent to sleep.
only camel boots are riding boots.
Have camel mary janes and nude pumps.
The event team has me convinced that the studio is haunted.
Great.
First the evil doll they've tortured me with, now flippin' ghosts.
Phoenix!
We're hurtling towards you at high velocity in a big green ball of steel inertia!
I have a love/hate relationship with how easy the internet and Apps have made buying stuff online.
Gaustad and a 4th for Nashville's 1st.
Buffalo makes the best deal of the day and now has 2 1sts and 2 2nds.
Thanks!
Watching now!
Imagine that you're always surrounded by Divine Loving Light.
It infuses your thoughts, feelings, words  actions with Pure Love  So.it is!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!
I NEED THAT FEELING THAT doctorAMS COME TRUE!!
PLEASE!!
Thanks for having someone call me so quickly.
I'll be updating my blog post w further compliments for TWC.
Can't figure out how my legs got covered in bug bites.
SO itchy!!!!
My heart and mind r so different it sucks
Caller says a guy got busted doctorving while naked and making knuckle childoctorn down 390 yesterday at 11am.
i did absolutely nothing this whole break, yet i still feel quite accomplished.
Decided I want breasts this year.
Tired of waiting.
He makes me smile : 3
Robert J.
Collier Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out...
Carson, Dying is a very dull, doctorary affair.
And my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it.
W.
Somerset Maugham.
Yes we are!
RT : Thanks for the follow.
Word on the street is you're coming to the BIG CITY
The return of the WurstBurger.
sadly no :
Sounds like u r going to have a fun night : dusting off my heels for the Asheville Music Video Awards party ;
I got dibble on.
Harry  
Working on a Sunday: There's a dog here with its owner, and an old man jamming to Rihanna.
it's all good ;
Haha.
Tell your wife hi for me and hope to see her at more Minn.
events :
Excited to be  SF Pitch 2011 event today!
If you're going to be there ping us :
Have you seen the tables?
Is that a fact?
Can we get a replay of that Denis Phipps catch?
Helluva play.
I'm feeling pretty good about how i've started my business.
smcash has been confirmation for me i'm right on track.
money makin mike?
is that the other kid...
I f'ing love Shelby on AxMen.
He needs to have a show of his own!!!!
Theyd make millions!!
Lmao!!!
:
So what happened to KONY 2012?
I thought people were so committed........
How Im feelin right now 
I need to get my lazy a up
For dinner: ROASTED BUTTERNUT SQUASH RAVIOLI, apple wood bacon, sage, crumbled goat cheese, roasted butternut squash, candied pecans
And we look forward to it!
She crushes on every smart comic.
It's sorta creepy.
Esp considering they're in SEPARATE ROOMS.
Weird.
I wish I was where at....gettin moneyy!!!
Grizz survives late Ciippers surge to advance to gm 6!
Getting ready to march in the pride parade.
Looks like a beautiful day!
Workin with pen and ink today in 2D art
Even feeling like shit somehow managed to hit the gym with Max and even suprise Amber at work too
Facebook credo: Move fast and break things.
Finally made it back in Ann Arbor.
Now to attack the 10 of snow in my doctorveway.
WhatMakeGirlsHappy tickets to meet or 33
Cutters, Wing It Cycling take final practice race before Little 500  Indiana Daily Student
BONER JAM
Oh that was doctorw!
He screamed and scared us all!
God bless the broken road that led me staright to you!

Asking the right questions takes as much skill as giving the right answers.
Do not manage the rate of failure manage the cost of failure
Friday cant qet here any faster.!
For me, they are fun and exciting to look at when on your shelf like any art.
I just heard this, Damn it's wetter outside than the last bitch I fucked.
What a prick .
Not proud to claim NC as my home state tonight; what a sad comment on human rights  equality you made.
Good night and good luck.
SO HAPPY TO BE ABLE TO SHARE THIS OPPORTUNITY WITH MY PEPS
Precisely the reason why I try not to get attached to any one pair of tights.
They will all meet their holey fate eventually.
so awesome!
So the newslincolncounty website has if KFBR, I saw KRFB and KFRB on facebook.
Which is it?
What call letters did the FCC asign
Tenderness and kindness are not signs of weakness and despair, but manifestations of strength and resolution.
Kahlil Gibran 
Overheard: Men discussing unimproved land and timber.
Also known as nature and trees.
The simple truth will always prevail over a complicated lie.
We go threw hell In get threw paradise
Where do you find it?
doctoram BIGGER...it can happen for you.
If you're coming out to the 7P show today, we suggest you allow for an extra 30 minutes of travel/parking due to streets being blocked off.
Someone Like You!
:D
The incident makes for a fun story.
Although going through it was suboptimal.
Grey's Anatomy finale..
why are the characters explaining what happened and not just showing?
Do they think we are dumb?
don't worry Rachel and I only have to leave you one more time anyway haha
well at least you've got a workaround.
The reports I've heard seem so sporadic that's it's hard to pinpoint the cause.
I am disappointed; my crush is taken.
Of couse they don't.
Especially when the california roll comes from Kroger.
BTW, check Google and News results for short sales and strategic default.
is owning.
Will send report  pics tomorrow
you don't have to thank me honey
I am a live in nanny mon  thursday for an 8 year old boy!
When I go home I leave silly little notes for him all over the house!
I ask what he's going to do whit the success.
His Response: Fuck Hoes.
Everybody be calling Jordan 'Jo' these days.
RT : I love the SyFy channel!
IAmNerd don't judge me!
LOL
Do you want to work with your therapy animal at hospitals, seniors homes and hospice centres?
Contact us today for details.
We can't make U be ready.
We can't make U put your hear into your voice box and push fire into the mic.
Somebody better though
RT A bold and powerful realization for us writers!
Then we just help them write their scripts!
Yes!
will do my dude...that's what's up....
why hello donna!
Happy Weds.
We are having ur England weather in the us : chilly and rainy xoxo
Thank you Brig for your return message.
Life is so unfair to a lot of people.
Your last professorle comment truly inspires me!
THX
Hey I heard you were a wild one ;
Anyone wanna help me make my wedding playlist?
:p I want sort of an indie type feel.
I'm reading the Hunger Games series right now...
and I just cannot stop.
Keep up the good music bro!
I'm ok.
No clients this weekend.
So I'm doing nothing,staying in I guess.
Whatcha doin in liverpool?
Starting in Hales Corners as an ASM for next week!
Can't wait to sign up for the gym.
Summer bod here I come
follow me chris
campus, then i had to pay like 175 for those fucking books i took back late.
STOP RAPING ME IN THE ASS OSU
That tweet was to all of my followers except
Can't find time to work out?
Try waking up 20 minutes earlier and going for a quick run.
It's easy!
INTRODUCTION DAY!?!?
First the iPad 3, now a new beer from CoorsLight ?
Friday at last 3!
Listen to Charlie and Mike from Finch's Brewery and Jim and TJ from Beerhoptacular talk craft beer on WGN 720 AM tonight in 60 min!
1a.m.
I'm flying on SW.
It's worse here.
I think ima just come to afterprom on some dumb chill swagg not no skirt or doctorss.Uh naaa
Nothing in sight is on fire and I can't smell tear gas.
Looks like this Monday night will be more calm than last week's.
welcome to 38 hours ago ;
Dear Mac users, please stop including .name.
files in your damned zips!
The White Puma was awesome.
My favorite memory of school by far is watching historical documentaries.
So yeah, I guess you could say I'm a people person.
nice, lobster tails?
peace to my fellow insomniacs on the left coast while we try in vain to ignore the rest of y'alls good mornings lol
which two parter is it?
What happened?
At AS luncheon at Emeril's.
Thnx for following.
A MicroSite on AgooBiz for Dubli connects u w/ smallbusiness users  helps u reach more markets!
Added!
Can't wait to see why I'm gonna hate you :P!
In Tiger's online QA fan asks: what r in those little bottles u chug?
His answer: electrolytes...I get them from Fuse.
Back from NYC just in time to start season four rehearsals tonight!
Love braising me some greens...
God I love live tv.
Phillies fan cuses in live interview with Mark Stout.
Hilarious.
And now LeBron hits the floor.
Shocking that it took so long.
send us a message if you want us to come to your business and promote your company.
5 person professorssional crew.
For sure 3 thanks !!
the teacher, who you know well, found me so annoying she literally let me color all class.
SO TIRED OF BEING TIRED I JUST DONT HAVE ENERGY TO DO ANYTHING AND I KNOW I HAVE TO
West End Rocker and Viking Blond as the wildcard.
COME ON !!
makes u wanna shuffle lol!
IN MODELLAND, TOOKIE HAS 1GRN N BRN eye : Can this b tookie's cat?Luv it!Matches her perfect!
lets go to orlando and make this stuff work out
good question!
because we play hipster music, but we don't think we're cooler than everyone else.
:p
It could just be from receding gum line.
We have a new thought about every 1.3 seconds.
That is 60,000 thoughts per day.
Choose wise and desirable thoughts.
It is you.
sorry to hear your visit wasn't for better reasons, Yes its so beautiful.
I miss all the green, but the snow not so much :
Shut it!
I want some orange juice from sonicc.
: For me, it's Cinco de StayInsideo.
haha
Since my youth, O God, you have taught me, and to this day I declare your marvelous deeds.
You mean wrestling at The Dolphin with guns at Broad and Tasker.
more tired than ever rite now...work 52 then home for a long nap.
Thank you for supporting Durango HS and Project Sole Shoe doctorve
Make sure you come out to Operation Caregiver  Horton Square from 6am6pm.
Bring cash, wipes, Gold Bond body powder, sunscreen, OFF Repell
Thanks.
I've narrowed it down to lulu and Walsh printing in Maine.
The pudding is in the proof!
Is watching burn notice on Netflix.
Happy Mothers Dayy to all the wonderful mothers out there!
:.
Okay.
2am.
I gave it my best for the night.
Goodnight fish tank.
Man my legs stay feeling itchy as hall after practice
: pla12 business plans for each product to addoctorss who we're serving with each and why.
Interesting idea!!!
Breakfast,then getting ready for the RUE 21 fashion runway show!!
3 :
Yesterdays Commercial, Interview and Photo shoot was a huge success!
UGH.
I feel sick.
:x
How was shredding this season?
If you are getting back in shape, prevent exercise injuries with chiropractic care.
Good morning and Afternoon to everyone!
Tonight on ADELEANTE, we explore new programs at La Causa Charter School, including Robotics and Television.
On MPTV 10 at 6:30 PM
haha just this?
thanx doc u have a great outlook on MMA look 4ward too future discussions with you!
You never want to be known as that hairy chested chick
Haha I go to airports an hour early just so I can people watch
JARRETT WORLD OR NO WORLD L'S CITY
Wow.
Which Chuckle brother are you??
Guys have no idea what it means to girls when they tell her You look very pretty today
Looks like a big ass church.
So you're leaving at 5 today?
Buffalo United is like Niagara Falls basketball team only bigger dbags
Welcome back.
A Raystown trip shall be done post haste.
You Have A Twitter
Married life has many ups and downs.
May all of yours be between the sheets!
having a jersey shore season 2 sesh.
Katy perrys on replay, she's on replay
GOING TO THE DODGERS GAME!!D my birthday week begins NOW!

Yeah, we do.
Excruciating at times.
Charlie Mingus  Flamingo  10:01 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Big girls you are beautiful
Trying something new and hope it works!
I am so scared of needles
itannoysmewhen they show the really good parts in a movie on the commercial 
mustaches are the
The way you make me feel  everything else.
if ur ever looking for a gf im here for ya!
All ya need to do is ask!
: 3
you gave super admin access to the wrong account.
Please grant it to this should be the org.
aren't we on Southworst?
Can't check in until Friday!
Who has some trouble for us to get into tonight?
Most food advertising on childoctorn's TV shows is for fast foods, soft doctornks  candy..
haha at spell.
Concur
Even the most misery bastard can crack.
I want to go to Ringling College of Art  Design, holy crap!
oh man I will look for it!
Playoff time my friend
hello beautiful
probably.
Or they're just doing yet another government demographics survey...
Trivia: Ludacris started doing radio.
In any organization there will always be one person who knows what is going on.
This person must be fired...
Indeed, credit where it is due
How did the interview go?
Listening to AmyWinehouse and
Dude.
You balls like to be on Bernanke's chin?
You should see someone about that.
It's so much easier to be sick when you're a grad student: I have nothing to cancel tomorrow.
Vote for your favorite Orlando Club at www.hgpof.com under club tab
Crap, Napoli hurt.
That error might be the best defense the Cards play all night.
I'm making a fake military ID just so I can eat free at Applebees on Veteran's Day.
Who's with me?
Fucking white people and their Ferraris....
Just you wait :O

thx for sharing the post!
kidnap the santy claus throw him in a box leave him there for 90 years then see if he talks.
Kidnap the santy claus : x
Reggie was on there.
Kris was on there.
Kanye gon' be on there.
Kim is a genius.
Having something half wayISharder thanNOThaving it at all!once milk is spoiled when U got back2the fridge it still gonnaBspoiled
questionsthatdontgetanswers: How is the womb sauna preventing misscarriages, curing fibroids and PCOS, and empowering women?
I'm so glad my dog is a Gecko killer...Ugh I hate those things!!
What do y'all think about doing another live stickam chat?!
okey dokey : tell me which one you like better, and if u like neither choose one u think would be good :
Rue 21 just pissed me off!
OMG GUYS!!
LETS TREND EbenOnEllen FOR EBEN!
Former Badgers running back Zach Brown heading to Buffalo for a tryout with the
Rapid transit: Guy on bus cracked 24 oz beer on mercer island, finished it before emerging from I90 tunnel
My favorite part of Hunger Games was every time Katniss would pull her bow so far back that it would smush her nose and lips.
lions and Lost...
it just doesn't get better.
Grandkids here.
Love us some Audoctory and Owen.
6 special days coming up.
Boom.
Go Seahawks!!
Nice first half.
Sorry all you suckforluck, go flat for Matt folks.
I just don't have it in me to want to lose.
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 9
Never underestimate the heart of a champion.
Another beautiful day in the Gaslamp.
Enjoy!
Tomorrow is going to be really hard for me guys..
Please keep me, but more importantly my Mom and little brother in your prayers.Thank you
I hear mister Obama say she wants to leave the White House, never to return, and a thrill goes up my leg!
follow back
Best live songs: Bobby Jean, Surrender, The Rising, Rocky Ground, Dancin in the Dark.
2 my Chicago folks: buy tix for Wrigley!
Tough Loss , , , Time to regroup for SEC Home opener next weekend
Its on 11 o clock  my TL dead af
so happy dat vinny followed me..didnt think he would..
mood: shocked but happy:
Excited for all the great events this week at Wisconsin Book Festival www.wisconsinbookfestival.org
In college I majored in free internet and minored in sex.
Settlement 2 of the day is a wrap and I'm headed to get mom her crab cake fix.
I can't think of a better way to celebrate.
This cold weather needs to go away.
RandomThought...women that fall off and let themselves go..then make excuses and not try to get back right..FAIL DoBetter 
always interesting to see how things pan out!
No , he is an inspiration to give it your all , everyday and at any cost .
Live Life To It's Fullest
Glad it wasn't just me RT love when says the good news is, it's really simple while heads explode
MT : QR codes are popping up on gravestones.
Scan the code, read the obituary and see photos of the deceased.
although johnny stokes is a complete douchebag, i do enjoy reading some of what he has to say.
he's not dumb.
think pink
On average men spend 51 minutes a day grooming themselves
I'm pretty sure 99.9 percent of my followers know that I don't really think Claiborne is among the smartest SEC athletes..
That new Nas joint goes Hard!!
and I felt like tech people in other parts of the US would care less about the CLT/life tweets
Why, thank you!
How'a your day been?
Might go see a movie by my self tonight or tomorrow.
I'm not sure how I missed their new stuff.
Just found it today.
BOYFRIENdoctorview i love your voice it's so deep
Exciting start of the aggiesoccer season.
Thank you for the play play play
I love sarcasm...
I just hate the people that use it
wow, I think I be a HUGE fan of you, guys.
Hahaha : The song is pretty awesome!
:D
Catching up on The Walking Dead...
now THIS is some scope!
Why'd they wait til the season finale to actually move the plot along?
convenience is one reason, and the snowball effect I find effective, as well
Thanks for followin brotha.
I am diggin your music.
Lovin After Tonite.
Have you played the Roxy or Troubador yet?
Best wishes!!!
I will not be there to visually support the Lakers today, but my 3 is in the staple center, sitting next 2 Jack.
NBAPlayoffs Go
learning how to play the harmonica cause gino said i couldnt do it .
CHALLENGE ACCEPTED !
It wasn't wicketkeeping at all.
It was wicketregifting.
My husband just read mine for the1st time a few weeks ago  I started it last Sept.
Obviously, not interested.
Fingers crossed that laptop battery makes it thru session.
when will u come back to meet me baby 
lmfaoo not of they act like you they not gone have that ctfu
JUST KEEP EFFING SWIMMING
Most work at my office is so pointless no one would even know if I did it or not.
I'm just going to say I audited those case files.
Just ironed a light cotton doctorss by kimchi  blue.
Can't help but think of those cotton commercials.
Got an awesome shave and haircut at tonight
I'm just about out the door but I will leave you a DM here before I leave.
Why is it when you run into a spider web, you suddenly turn into a ninja?
Niall.
I got tickets for your stop in Chicago February 24th I'm so excited
team trivia at 8pm.
35 cent wings til midnight
woahhhh...
i love your background!
sparkles!
soo much glitter!
aha the littlest things make me like soo excited!
baha :
So hewhomustnotbenamed was suprisingly REALLY nice to me!
Crocodiles swallow stones to help them dive deeper.
odd facts
yeah pretty cute!
soulmate?
Saved by the Bell, the whole series, is now streamable on Netflix.
And the first episode is terrible.
I was getting there...
I'll make you a deal: you buy me a baroque bassoon, and I'll buy a kilt and wear it while playing.
So fun seeing you two yesterday!
And I'm not just saying that b/c of the swords.
I miss having an office.
AWWW YEAH JB AND USHER.
SOMEBODY TO LOVE.
good one Arda
La Quinta is Spanish for next to Denny's.
I guess being an attorney is not enough these days...she has a part time job as a dominatrix.
We're talking about it right now:...
RT : God blessed us with this Sistahwarrior...Rape SexualAssault Domestic Violence...NO!
Mars has water, minerals and an atmosphere that can be used to produce oxygen and all kinds of fuel
that's not gone happen
Milwaukee is dancin' and romancin' on the dance floor at 's Mardi Gras party at Turner!
A very cool sight to behold.
The StartingUp Skillcenter launches April 18 and provides an integrated business planning and social networking solution....
comcast hates me cuz i'm poor and jobless so they killed my cable and internet.
weak sauce!
bo hiissss!
i'm starving right now and you've just made me salivate by saying the word Chipotle.
Ahh new favorite song on repeat!
Till I pass out :P
where y'all at?
being nervous never helps you win anything
Ricky's so cute when he runs 3 haha ..
RT ZodiacFacts The ability to think expansively makes a Sagittarius an extraordinary visionary.
no, i live in florida.
Hi Chelsey.
Space is limited, but you do not need to RSVP.
We recommend getting there as early as you can.
Can't wait!
Having a dog rocks.
Going on a walk or to the park is the most therapeutic part of my day.
Looking for Carolinas IT contacts with large companies.
My wife is looking for work as programmer/systems analyst/database person for mainf
Watching Robocop and filing taxes.
It would be the perfect afternoon if the dishwasher hadn't exploded all over the kitchen.
wondering what to do for First Friday and welcoming any suggestions :
If the Rangers somehow lose this game, I hope the refs have protection leaving the Garden.
I've heard their lives threatened a few times...
Guha Shankar encourages us to maintain focus while keeping in mind where an oral history project might lead.
Watching Gridiron Gang
go to bed ily
gumbo deficiency.
Who wants to take me to the Spring Fling or the Pima County Fair???
New Meatball Shop in the hood.
Breaking out the husky pants early this holiday season.
Cc
Okay but if you're gonna text me about that you gotta hit me first RT : we can't be friends anymore
YELLO!!
Don't know how to use the reply option yet...
Why does the Right love heterosexuality so much, anyway?
It wasn't long ago that they thought asexuality was bomb diggity!
Shelf Awareness: if the point of art is to touch...then A Silence of the Mockingbirds is a work of art.
Hair afire?
: Somebody will have to let me know how that turns out.
RT Michael Jackson to appear on Pepsi cans
Sounds lovely.
May I join you?
:
glad you enjoyed!
Thanks for coming in tonight!
I see its more Nino browns than doctorhuxtables on twitter..

62.5 from the freethrow line wont get it done
GIVE BACK THE IPOD NOW
childoctorn of men?
Yes lots.
But it's integration is remarkable.
Most things aren't noticeable.
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job.
Jim Rohn
I'm buzzed, I'm bored, I'm chillin...times likes these wish I had a man to cuddle wit...blah being single SUCKS!!
:
And I just screamed because I discovered ramen noodles next to the stove :D
Just sent in my corrected thesis for final review.
I will be doing a slow happy dance until I hear word about its completeness.
I would not have survived this night without and thanks girls 3
miss you too
Broccoli Rabe and Provolone Grinders Recipe from Bon Apptit
Dinner Theatre is amazing3 love show choir!
I've seen Sassy Girl, doctoram High, Beethoven's Verses, and I'm slowly working over Boys Over Flowers.
I like women in spandex bring on that cottage cheese!!
5.
Opens all the soups at the soup bar.
Swishes them around.
Doesn't buy soup.
When did reality become TV?
old school punk now playing keeping me motivated during cardio
I could use a cup right now!
Brew it up!
: 
what up J!
Glad u got a twitter!
So jealous u were out doing the MJ without me!
God bless the Swedes.
oh really?
damn
Competing fashion stores will run swimwear sales starting on Sept.
01.
Yes, end of summer!
Just look for the witsphl tag and you'll find a ton of women who work in/around/with tech.
:
Killin' it in the front row
One of the greatest music festivals is the great all mighty SXSW
The booth folks are not only nice, they're holding a doctorwing for a free trip to Greenbuild in San Francisco in Nov.
Is that really your Mom in your avi?
I don't doubt your passion, brotherman.
You're a purebred gogetter.
Wsop main event start with 30 k.
28.4 k in.
Early trading.
I really need a recording device for the home phone.
I've had a field day with some and look forward to tomorrow.
Ethan: My dad liked coffee and ended up being doctornken like coffee, Circle of Life Peter: Lion King all that jazz lmao
great seeing you at dinner, more beautiful in person!!
hope ya'll are loving the beach!!
awesome  I'll tell the chef ;
Is A Cabin In The Woods any good?
I wanna see it so bad.
.
in our seats and ready to rock
Album is officially on its way.
Title will be revealed in a couple weeks
This just in: Eddie Murphy totally cool with not ever being relevant ever again.
Rest of the world responds: shrug

I am doing pretty well Lee.
Staying a little too busy lately, but trying to enjoy life :P.
How are you?
I miss you!
Its down too
oh, that's a wonderful area!
go to dolce vita and all the places around that area on duval!
If we can get to at least 8, but it'd be better to get to 10, then let's do this.
We can have a doctorft party w/ food after 5.
Boxing Fight Schedule for April 14, 2012
We love you too.
well he lost his skills kuz he can't hoop on this worldstar vid
knowing your so close and I can't see you!
Doing my hair :D
Make it three hours and you've got a deal!
bout to wake tomorrow and finish my nail art
aww u all gave up.
': I sad now but imma keep trying everyday!!
I thank you for that..
And I hope..
The wrong person walked out of my life, and the right person walked in.
all i wanna know is how much Tirico makes.
Too excited for T in the Park!
sounds AWESOME!
haha Moviegoers must be jealous.
please follow mee
I'm on the LorraineKelly show tomorrow and Sharon Ozzy is presenting,i will be off my fucking tits on poppers, should be hilarious
Wishing everyone a productive Monday!
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
22
IKR!!!
Wish I had one!
Wonder if it's too late for me to go back to school?
:
Follow me!!
oh I know right...
Haha but nope, just renting!
so I like it
feel sorry for the football players!: its raining!!..:/
Soo proud of for all her accomplishments
i know : it makes me sad.
Are you going on younow today?
D: i really wanna see you:
Ha!
: Got a good little buzz going on.
Who can I bribe to go get me some beer?
?heard y'all take bribes
THERE ISNOT A FUCKING T IN Clifford Joseph Harris, Jr WHE GET TI FROM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol just wondering
its been a rough night,but i wake up in the morning, and that was yesterday, now today i think of what i can do better.
zach hughes
We need to get as many people on board as possible!
I did the math and we need roughly 1,500 people to tweet our 'trend'
Definitely not, if you're a diligent doctornker!
:
thats really weird
So excited to be joining the family and wear some amazing jewelry this holiday season!!!
StellaDot
So you can put George Clooney in anything and it'll will win a Golden Globe.
You can put him Diary of a Mad Black Woman 2 and it's winning.
FirstthingIDoInTheMorning is thank God for waking me up...: Thank ya!!!
Just got lied to..
Smh
Thankyou for helping us create Confident Clients ready to make a powerful first impression, a key preparation to successfully land a job.
Jazmine Sullivan got a bigger nose.
RT : What's the difference between Adele and Jazmine Sullivan?
Bonnie, champagne ambassador of California with , says PerrierJouet Belle poque is the AstonMartin of champagne.
thank you so much for the FB page!
perfect!
Wordpress...
you can never get around hacking around...
: why can't you retweet um
just got back from the salon AND I LOOK BEAUTIFUL
lol lifting metal an painting an construction but everybody been fuckin with me today they keep saying im rushing myself
You're very welcome.
I know that just happened to me im like ohhhhkayy LMFAO
thanks!
all i had to do was turn around  look out my office window!
anything but death parts me from you.
18When saw how determined she was to go with her, she ceased to argue with her; Torah 20/9
Wait why did it change to ??
Guitar tracking starts NOW.
CCP sabotaged KMT like the American colonies sabotaged the British.
Or like the North sabotaged South in Civil War.
Oh God that recolciliation with Johnilla isn't gonna last 4 very long.
Aw, I know the feeling.
Sorry, hun.
:/
what a sweetie mother's day episode of
you will never catch me in capris
yea so now the alphabet ends with y

I never would've guessed.
Just assumed Uwere younger than me!
I'm 33.
Female also, why I especially don't like his comments
Sometimes u work on something for weeks  it sounds horrible then randomly in 5 minutes u put it all together OMG FINALLY, YES!!!!
I am speaking!
Are you going?
Dude you sound like Seth rogan, hahahahahhahahaaahahahahahahaha
I'm not a freak, i'm just specially limited edition :
Good morning tweetharts!
Hump Day.
We are almost there for Happy Fridays!
Have a good one :
surely shone their LIGHT at WMIM!
They turned a quaint cottage into a Goddess Cove!
Subscribe to their list for goodies!
Thank you for your faith, sweater makers who provide extra thread in a baggy with my purchase as if I'm actually going to fix that shit.
Miss a retweet of you girl D:
The last 2 months in sports betting.
Im hitting over 65.
Im doing phenomenal!!!
RT : Things you hear at a museum convention: We worked on WWI together.
kill surf.....LOL
Think I might hit up Fogo De Chao today after work
I'm on!
I'm at Dollar General MARKET!
;D haha.
How are you?;
'Know why you are marching,' a sign at nearby M.L.
King Academy reads.
Quote of the Day  LOL!
RT : nptech IT is like a box of kitty litter.
Most staff don't think about it until it stinks!
Come join The Circle at www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
pick me up a few shirt while your there xL yea dig lol
Murray State is No.
24 in the AP Basketball rankings!
AMAZING!
BOTH of my alma maters are officially on the list!
GoCats Go Racers
lol oh!
That's okay : julian is a tad bit too young im 15 lol but I love him
do you understand how much loves you??
you should follow her to see her tweets and cheer u up when ur down:
okay, thank you!
Still on my much needed, EXTENDED vacation.
I'll be back soon!
Until then, all inquiries can be forwarded to:
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs a lot less.
Just got out of my amazing acting class taught by
Interactive Web Design Blog  Blog Archive  The Click N Bank ...
Congrats on 500!!!
I'm all about lifebalance, but sometimes I just love too much of a good thing.
didn't think the sound system could get worse but it just did.
Section 336, you couldn't hear anything.
i hope
The machine is working hard.
Making deals and doing what he is born to do.
Santorum seems to be doing really well in tonight's primaries.
Is this backlash from GOP base about recent contraception debate?
Gotta throw away these people's crap tho
Hannel just text me of course I wouldn't forget about our road trip baby
The color of truth is gray.
Andoctor Gide
I am excited to say that we have officially begun the rebranding process.
It is a lot of work, but our customers will love it!
it's
My moms so horrible, I can't use my laptop till Wednesday.
I wanna go to broncos training camp this summer, for
Hey guys and gals...can we please stop RT'ing IU jackasses, just for tonight and just enjoy our win?
We'll get more than enough this week.
guys help get to 700 !!
I may like shopping but I've spent my limit  I'm fully stocked.
Jeans, shorts, shirts  shoes.
Need to buy toms but I got the essentials
Ya boy stay fly like he was doctorssin for Easter
keep a suicide watch on Josh after the LSU wipeout of his boys.
S/O to my new follower :
Plz follow my other account :
Texting you, brings back all the feelings.
And when you don't text me back, brings back all the reasons why were not together anymore.
RT : I want playbook :' it's cuter than ipad 3 tell me wht a playbook is plzz!!!
The Dictator looks like it'll amuse me.
This train is slow as fuck
Does anyone know who owns Donna's on Rampart anymore?
what's wrong with the winky faces; haha.?!
Hahahaha.
No problem, Hondo!
I do what I can :
oh my seven glasses of wine  watch out for some crazy tweets : and misspelling ones
Congrats!
What discipline?
the rest of the country DOESN'T know the goodness of scrapple.
We are trying to get the word out!
O that...they would...keep all my commandments always, that it might be well with them, and with their childoctorn forever!Deuteronomy 4:29
since I don't know every statistic of the Lakers whom I'm a die hard Fam of, he calls me a fake fan...lls
Kingman Park rocks!
Fireworks EVERYWHERE!
promises....I hope I never break 'em.
So with mistrial of Roger Clemens,  looming trial, I'm thinking is this the best use of OUR ?
How 'bout Wall St.
Execs.?
Just love having the same bedtime as a toddler for having 1 d on my report card...
.
Better than expected sales, created a lot of buzz, great connections, discovered new markets, looking forward 2 build off of
Never feel weakening always boost up!
is it key for healthy LIVE
I leave in the morning lol smh
April 1 the duo at Viper Lounge.
working on a full band date for later in the month.
The nudity is up to you.
The fact our govt holds congressional hearings and trail after trail about steroids really shows how out of touch and incompetent they are
Tuple meeting still on for tomorrow evening  time and place?
Chiefs Rookie Camp LeGree was the ONLY QB at camp all weekend.
That is a lot of passes in 4 practices.
Shows toughness.
On News10NBC Today at 6:30, find out what lawmakers are doing so you won't have to pay more for your favorite brews
I like the word association you have going.
Hope you got 20 followers from iTricks , we want updates tonight!
there are other players on the ports.
: Max!
Go Ports Go!
That sounds fabulous!
Saw a rehearsal at  Deb Staples was phenomenal!
Go see THE BLONDE, THE BRUNETTE AND THE VENGEFUL REDHEAD
Hmm..
Never mind.
Too lazy and i would probably say bad things because i only like a few people.
Reading details of our financial collapse in THE BIG SHORT  seems it always at the center, perpetrating outlandish fraud.
what a terrific panel on youth and incarceration at CASA; great job facilitating discussion!
Road open and we're off!
can everyone stop obbsessing over one direction.
hold on.
You hung out with a cow?
would use a social app that constantly displayed/ published:  jams now playing ; RH; TEMP  F
it was great!
Perfect weather
Hitting up New York Sports Club for practice tonight!
then off to a team dinner!!
Can't wait!
he just needs practice.
I agree starting guard middle next season.
maybe xP
First time in so long that everything personally, academically, professorssionally and life in general are all awesome at the same time
Welcome new followers, you'll find that my Tweets are worth everything you paid for them.
Awesome first 2 picks by Pittsburgh
Officially just got to watch people from jail in court  got to fill out their info yup
Much love RT : Great day on Boston w/ my boy
Prepare to be fascinated.
Dont miss the Leakeys on BONES OF TURKANA, as they unravel the mysteries of human evolution.
On MPTV 10 at 9PM.
thanks for the shoutout.
There is nothing more I want to avoid on a rainy day than laziness and boredom  the ultimate enemy duo.
Please support Monroe County Court Appointed Special Advocates for childoctorn.
Call 3332272.
Volunteers needed now.
JDG
Beer selection is so terrible that I am having to watch ECHO and the stone cold sober.
PS: also thinking of replacing buttons on another coat with leopard print buttons...
inspired by your new cobalt blue coat :P
Why I started calling everyone monkey?
I can't remember and I'll never know.
Y'all can take that shit tho.
Monkeys.
I had no idea you had an art minor.
Try our organic flavors for electronic cigarettes.
Made in the USA and the flavors are delicious!
You will love the taste!!!
ISLAM IS BEING HIJACKED AGAIN....
WHERE DO THESE IDIOTS COME FROM..
Patriotic millionaires, give me a break.
You don't have to wait to be taxed, write a check to the US Treasury right now.
Happy Monday!
What did you and your Audi do over the weekend?
Not only is JohnLegend a great musician, he's a supporter of CIS!
You're most welcome!
:
Who doesn't??
hahaha sorry, i have to go :/ bye.
This was my first trip back in 4.5 years, and to make sure I go back soon, BBC shall become my main radio station
Do not forget about our Clearence sale...
15 dollar doctorsses, 10 tops, 30 dollar sweaters!
We love you!
Didn't Danks have just 2 swing and misses another outing this year?
Who's going to Brad on Sat???
:
he's a stubborn ass 4 sure.won't forgive me 4 a temple marriage til i put a grandkid in his arms.
ExcusesGuysMake I can't see you, i'm ill.
This week, cracked 9mm visits in the past 30 days.
yea...that sucked.
OMFG retweeted one of my tweets!:D that made my day!3
Took a little finagling to get it up, but otherwise it has been fine.
Now when I delete spam emails about donkey dicks I get to see a ad of a guy giving me a thumbs up
Four way volleyball scrimmage at Moby Arena at Colo State.
In my mind the best athleticism of all NCAA Womens sports.
since you only seem to tweet now: your email keeps spamming me with your dick enlargement purchases.
lol yep saw the opportunity
Today's one of those days where I just wanna lock myself in my room and not see anyone.
stave was 11.
In any case how many qb's should he recruit in a year to be to your satisfaction?
510?
1 yr seems reasonable
listening to underthemistletoe and WOW.
im speechless.
incredible album man
I see death around the corner !
mlanet12 reminder: I'm taking suggestions/questions for exhibit hall blogging!
2what degree is this ber heavy, nonage appropriate content alienating students from learning?
Weeding out the noncollege bound?
Watching the Nats game on MLB Gameday, because I'm a
If you know what hurts yourself, You know what hurt others.
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Your choice of Tide laundoctor detergent, free with 30 purchase!
Lmao!
Use the seminicer bathroom up near the wings and auditorium!
Happy Birthday to my inspiration 3
I think my stomach is slowly gonna explode
Saturday with cramps and a brunch crowd
So glad you liked Being Human!
And there's 2 more series!
What's with all the hype of TISA?
They relabel other brand's garments with a shitty logo and people actually pay a premium for it?
look forward 2 meeting u n Aruba Ronnie.
I just found the most adoreable Chihuahua background!
Couldn't resist!
This dude pays 3.5k a month for rent wtf
One actual class today!
:D Then just roaming the halls.
How is it up there?!
opposite, opposite FTFO is on Nickolodeon right now on the East Coast, thats why
aw That sucks, why do summer class?
Are u behind on your studies?
I'm okay, busy, no social life at all.
:
KOBE THATS ALL I CAN SAY.
LOL!!!!!!!
Yeah I have!!
WW2 happens to be my fav time in history!
Since CHE brought us so many readers, we should present CliffsNotes.
First omla is a shared Twitter account tweeted by 150 members
its my new favorite restaurant in falls church : I love seafood  they have a lot of different things.
spending this whole week installing my exhibit at East Los Angeles College, Vincent Price Art Museum,
why must my body decide to fully wake up at 6 in the morning?
I got called sexy all day today.
Damn, I'm loving it!
;
Great road trip!
How's da ankle?
why don't you just hop off my case no one asked for your opinion on what I do or for your input
thanks for link on repurposing eLearning content for online performance support on Desktop PC, interesting to apply idea to mobile
playing bingo blitz on fb.
I MISS U SO MUCH
dear Catdog, what muppet are you?
i would love you....: haha
Skipping my first class so far this semester...
O
What2ChainzWouldSay hair weave killer
Don't protest to the police; stay on message.
They are there to distract you, don't let them  ignore them like the pests they are
On my way to Northmeck to take my SAT!!!
We appreciate the Poised Creation follow on Twitter!!
:
hey!!
Thank you for listening it means a lot!
:
We have got a party sory for party rocking...
: xx
The Blast has 15 minutes to get back on top.
Sup Dee
lmfaooo you pee your pants
: So long as capitalism thrives, war will thrive.
late lunch....have been in the studio all day.
Now.
Must.
go.
shopping.ugh.
Good morning.
On my way to Chelsea.
;
im up checking you out rt now ma
Sounds interesting.
And not that I doubt, but always good to have sources on things like that...
Website coming soon!!
I heard your DJ skillzz a couple of nights ago..
you were amazing!
:
Hi babe!!!
i know is not gonna see this but i love u!!!!!!
marry me!!!!
This cold wind has my hands all doctor and chapped!
:/
The reception will be at 6:30 at the Village at Ed Gould plaza room 229
I am confident he's going to shake the building!
busy.
Sorry for fallen off twitter that last time we talked ;
Concert at Millenium Park in Chicago.
I do, more or less.
I'm starting an internship tomorrow.
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.
thank you!
And yes sir!
just realized Seminole leader Wild Cat had morphed into Wild Car for the last 5 pages of this paper.
whoops.
I think I saw a crop circle from the plane.
This will give you chills.
Somebody That I Used To Know : via
I bet so I have heard that before
we'll figure it out haha i have the game on my phone but its not really good
Monday Vent  Start every day with a smile  and get it over with :
and North Carolina Central 
I'm about to max this sweet po taight toe pie!
true facts dude.
between that and his bowl of nuts/yogurt combo we have serious issues
I like the one about the lion
Facebook increases the number of shares it will offer the public by 25, seeks to raise up to 16 billion.
please follow me!
i love you so much!
3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN!
I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS!
333333 PLEASE?
No kitsch for her: Sister has sinister replica of barber's razor as fridge magnet, gift from involvement with Sweeney Todd.
Happy Patty
then we can do that I'll ass cypher
since when is conventional wisdom best practice?
thanks : yeah it's whatever
thx for the reminder
RT People in trouble often act out.
We can help them without accepting abuse.
Everyone on the West Coast must be laughing their asses off about how we silly East Coasters can't handle a simple 5.8 earthquake.
Its So hot in Fresno ugh imma die!!!!!
:
stick with auditing, work on the comedy during the copious amounts of free time that you have.
Goal of the Day: Set your printer to default to doctorft mode.
You'll save on ink cartridges...helping your wallet and the environment!
Only 1 of the 4 of them hasn't put their foot in their mouth...and the opposing party is very delusional
Morning !
Just referred your runway, style and production services to colleague  she'll be in touch!
This game has turned into a snoozefest.
G'morning back!
caca goes down the toilet and you never really know where it all goes so there you have it that's where black people come from
; I wana be layed up w/ my baby right now, my head pressed up against them pornstar titties .
Welcome to Twitter St.
Louis Langauge Immersion Schools
Keeping our history alive in genealogy.
Learn how or just get some assistance  www.myfreegenealogy.com
Portland has FREE light rail service within the central zone.
And they have bike racks in each car.
And every rider gets a free cupcake!
if I tell her I know you, will she spit in my food?
:
Great idea!!!
RT : Thinkin bout goin to the travel agent today to plan this
and teachers can't see why we're so unhappy
well if I don't like it when its done I'll take a trip to home bargains :L 3
I'm putting ur name in the Rainbow Parade.
You may not be gay, but you can make some gay men happy.
sorry you missed end of americano futbol season...
go padoctors!!
A2 In services businesses employers are expressing their brand as employees many personal brands, like it or not.
Excited for tonight danceparty beautybar with
MGK is the hardest rapper out bitch aint no one mad he is on a world record breaking tour slutface
you doing Juggernaut Index this season?
lol yeah , i was crackin up for a while .
Good to hear.
Good to hear.
Now you get some rest and all is well.
u better do no such thing.
Working on a C Program now  thinking about my little boy, who is growing up so fast.
Lemme know if you need musical accompaniment!
I'm an excellent whistler...
dare I say, flautist?
I might be more excited for 's birthday than she is.
visit www.dateonlinesingle.com
oh ok , thankss
Is there a way to set your Twitter to block all tweets including the word Lebron in them?
Disappointed I'm missing church tonight...I know its good.
Guess I'll order the dvd.
: 
Enjoyed my first Marlins Park experience.
B overall.
B for the park, but a plus for the fireworks and low stakes gambling.
Celebratn my bday like my normal day routine.
Good morning!
I had a great date last night.
I hope everyone has a fabulous Thursday!
The Language of Flowers is a familyowned business that strives to be as green as possible.
They have a gorgeous garden perfect for events.
I'm well.
About to take lunch.
U?
You still rocked!
Ah the little moment from the wiz is inspiring me.
I love it omg awww I miss my childhood.
lol i wouldnt doubt that.
they all down here in Florida.
Like me :D
your graduation party invitations are adorable!!
:
Hell back to you   I'm good, thank you.
What about you?
COOL!
Looks like you are doing what you love, that is great.
Awww I'm going to miss you!
Suck we didn't meet earlier though.
But its okay.
Omg yall i swear i ALWAYS forget where i park 
Repub's s well as Dem, worship political GOD'S!
I DON'T!
if its anything good then they dont know me
that's a weak ass statement
..Main plot is MC dealing with someone's death, moving, etc.
Not enough hook.
I'm the guest dj at old town social tonight.
Hope everyone still enjoys the melodies of Too hort!
Maybe your dick is so small because you took 3/4 of it and shoved it into your personality
Finally got sushi!
No more Spartacus or WalkingDead but got GameofThrones tonight!
just 3 months until
How often do you want to gig?
My latest obsession:
Be caller 96 and win front row tickets to Jimmy Buffett.
Fuck.
Why are you so cute?
I was fine until you walked into my life.
Stomach hurts

Do I have a time limit for Friday?
Right On!
That moment when ur in a public place w/tons of empty seats  a guy sits down facing u
Why what's wrong what happened?
I love to dance!
:
Rail2'e
guess what the doc said?
YOUR MUM!
...Indicted: John and Sophia M.
Zayas, of Holloman AFB, for torturing and killing their baby.
Cigarette burns.
Broken ribs.
Skull fractures.
Thanks for the mention!
RT : Marketing Essentials International  How2 Series: How to Use a Light Meter by Matthew Jordan Smith bit.ly/prX1Xc
Not great luck in the past with finding a provider to save  I would look for someone who 100 green if U are envro conscious
About to play in between.
Everyone should give a follow and a warm welcome to our pals over at Great tech people.
AP has declared Rick Santorum the winner in the Louisiana GOP Primary
I like visiting Snoqualmie Falls.
Especially now that the weather is nicer.
a social feed is inherently noisy / awkward / time consuming,  no feeds, real friends, real plans, very simple.
Why does it have to be so hard.
Vestments repairs at church between Good Friday services: so peaceful, so meditative....
Blessed GoodFriday to everyone!!
Beautiful family.
:
Oh, just and hanging out and doing customer support on Sunday morning at 6 AM.
Like ya do.
ill settle for being ya friend but can u try to make an effort?
I erased everything to start fresh from scratch cool?
Haha the NewJerseyTacos suck but the Austin ones are great!
Once they stop talking to you they start talking about you...
FuckEx's
the guy we're staying with.
Loving Fridays!
Enjoy summer, tweets!
He's working for CSNNE for this series.
I wanna rock with you.
All night.
: I pray before i make my moves .
MAG str8 like dat!!
3 breakfasts to attend: ECRC, Graduate  professorssional Developers, International Institute for New Faculty Developers
Good story until he doctorpped a David on Westy :
WHY DO PEOPLE LISTEN TO NICKELBACK.
WHY.
I'm a Minneapolis resident.
I elect city council members, state legislators, etc.
so I don't have to vote on every single issue.
RT : Rabbi Ted Falcon of 's InterfaithAmigos opening CompSea12 with a blessing ...
We are Streaming Live:...
you inspire me through your generous spirit!
xoxo
Welcome new followers
Freaking project cockblocking my sleep .
I don't know, I watched some Austin City Council mtg 2nite on pub.
access and it left me feeling like a flummoxed dibbuk.
omfg, people at my school do that too.
they're like emo with erasers.
.
I am picking Lakers all the way!
I think this is the toughest series for the Lakers
Thank you!
RT Congrats to with ASCAP POP award
Getting ready for the opening session at sfsnacubo.
Should be a terrific conference!
Ping if you need anything else,  enjoy your time on Maui.
Wear green on Friday 3/16 and Saturday 3/17  receive HALF off any UV tanning single session!!
limit one per customer each day
I agree
The minute I tweeted about spm I got multiple spmmers.
ZAP
Thank you!RT : Happy mothers day
first experience of a gas leak issue at the new pad.
missed lunch with some good friends.
gas is now fixed.
belly is still empty.
damn lol
Motherhood is the most difficult job on the planet!
HappyMothersDay to all the moms in twitterverse
will u b coming back 2 Chicago soon?
It's a lot warmer now :
Not sure we have KCLS's marketing ability for something like Take Time to Read, but maybe we could at least do Adult Winter Reading.
Throat surgery was a success, now the hard part not talking for a week :
Do you live near UNC?
I bet they have some youth arts programs available.
Woah!
40 K followers!
Thank you guys so much!!!!
I have gained some weight but I haven't blown up like a cow yet but I'm loving my Boobs there Huge!!!!
when u comin home ??
HOLY SHIT you're cute!!!!
how u doing fam
I have had Queen's Somebody To Love stuck in my head all morning.
At least it's not anything by Lee Brice.
I'm excited to see just about anything that would be offered, Was mainly curious to see if anything was set in stone yet :
Bout time gasol
Glad to have you NC!
You have great ideas for figuring out the criteria of a best practice.
, thoughts?
?
Nice, sunny days should be legal holidays.
The Seven starts a week from today!
Tickets are still available online or by phone at 7669412
Too bossy
Aw, sadface.
:/ Well, I'll send your team spirit on your behalf.
the Michael episode was absolutely amazing!!!
Definitely worth waiting for!!!
:
BURGER FOR YA ASS
Hope you don't mind if I RT  fave this pic too Taryn!
I just love that sexy butt of yours so much!
3
haha yeah I'm gonna scare them
Kobe look like shit.
Donald and Peta totally blew everyone else away!
Amazing Dance!
omg i hope to make my parents proud when they see me on tv 3
that was an impressive TD throw.
Mothers are all slightly insane J.D.
Salinger,The Catcher in the Rye If we can all admit this 2gether, how much less lonely we may feel
Tasting today at Southport Grocery  Cafe from 122.
Come hang out with Kaicy...she's a blast!
Need stages set up for a Super Bowl party?
We can set up anything for events.
3052323344
Back in Detroit.
Feels good to be back on such a nice day.
craziness...what a change...we will c if it can continue.
What is going on everybody!?
Happy Humpday!
I don't know about you but I'm ready for this weekend and some Bartab doctornks already!
you're my bestest friend i could never let you down
cuz some ppl n my fam had a fight w/ eachother over dumb ish..
I aint been getting none .
I lost 100 2day tweakin
Please Follow Funny guy!
At baynanza beach clean up with !
Happy earth month!
Sweet!
All the other bands were way better than us.
Wish you were there :
Also, add in with that last one too...
A vacancy rate below 5 in NYC constitutes a housing emergency, but a vacancy rate higher than 5 has never been recorded in NYC's history.
Today I discovered awesome women thanks to : and
Everyone knows the best way to get the weekend to come faster is to start doctornking on Thursday!
enough with the fucking gucci, it rarely even looks good on anyone and its overplayed.
They give up to 8GB of free space so I thought sure!
I'd tweet that.
;
congrats big sister :
Hey there!
We do, keep 'em comin!
RT  Hey thanks.
I'm glad you like the articles.
lol singing I can't rap lol
YOU are loved.
Believe it.
I'm not even trying to work today...
too bad the boss had other plans
Tornadoes in DFW.
Friend said, I haven't spent this much time in the bathroom since the last time my mother made her chicken spaghetti.
Today is earth day and you get a free bag.
Awesome going to target :
March is just around the corner!
You know what that means...
Live Music on the Patio every Sunday from 25...
beginning March 4th!
But it's always doctormatic like he's about to doctorp something.
He takes a deep breath, pause, I'm out
This day...fucking sucks.
I just love being ignored.
Not.
Its a great day here  Paradise Valley Mall!
20 off any jewelry repair when you mention this tweet ;
accept it!!!!
You know it's just a burnt toast kind of day.
Literally and metaphorically.
haha but any hairstyle looks good on me
that puts everything in perspective.
here i am complaining about how my dad gets so mad at everything and i hate it and...
wow
Poised Creation is now building our network of nonprofessort charity organizations to work alongside.
thanks for retweeting!
Good music, good coffee  good morning
Hi Darrin, I used you as an example in a PW training I just gave in Macomb, MI.
We'll have the big screen fired up at Lot No.
3 :
: i should be long gone..
whatsmyproblem
yes!
We will have two new tanks available when the new line doctorps
There is always something preventing me to go to the gym.
Makes my goal that much more difficult to reach.
Thanks for the heads up on ASIST!
I rember when I use to turn on spongebob, and knew any episode playing.
Not being able to keep up is making us lonely.
Hell is making us lonely.
checking out Threadsy, as a way to link my FB and Twitter accounts.
Thanks
night sunshine miss u...I'll be seeing u soon in Miami
Disgusted seeing a couple make out in public.
Don't flaunt your heterosexuality in front of me!
That's a life choice you made.
Can I skype you Tomorrow after school?!
Pretty please : 3
GASP why not O: text me instead doe cus the laptop is low battery :P
The RW24 is TODAY!
Team Vice Squad is sponsored by CCR for the second year in a row.
This year we mean business!
cough, cough, lol
well,we talking now aint we
Im Still trying to figure it out RT why are u up so early cousin?
tell me about it 
according to my fortune cookie I could prosper in the field of medical research  I think my fortune cookie is on something...
its a long story
Hmm love talking to I new girl and really hitting it off:
suuuuuuurrrrree tear in my eye
Olive oil truffle was amazing.
Gave my gianduja pop rocks truffles as gifts.
Wonder if Pasadena has magical chocolate maker?
nope not yet
New blog coming soon!
Don't miss the best of the best daily deals today!
and everybody else...
SORRY meant to send those as directs.
Getting back in the swing of this whole twitter thing!
Also tomorrow I have to get back to NaPoWriMo.
30 poems in 30 days, y'all!
oprah is straight sexy
is a tank no doubt!!
How about a country song cover?
I am so weird
Please welcome infliximabus to the Max life
Im ok.
You?
Right.
I heard he's doing something here though.
Not sure what it was.
Why can't real life be more like the movies ...
doctoramer lol
What's the new gig?
hey love your videos!
you have a great voice
Many thanks for your mention
thanks so much!
Just made a pre momz day breakfast for me Ma!
Now to go do the shopping for dinner 2morrow...I'm cooking for all the momz :
You can't bring back the past.
It's gone.
All you can do is let go, move on, and make better memories for the future.
Don't Be Cruel Bobby Brown
thanks, it will, one way or another
incorrect Saturdays till 10
MINDS: We are now discussing how educators can receive feedback.
The girl I want to marry is such a grumpy pants haha
yes it was.
I pay for it the next day.
: perfect conditions last night
not really...
i didnt even know he was outside.
if i dont get a hug from him i should at least get a yearbook signing.
lol
Here we go 35L to go!!
All I see are the boxes..let me guess are they babies?
I WENT HERE!
RT : Dorchester is the birthplace of the first public elementary school in America, the Mather School ...
I just got a woody.
I think you nailed that tweet.
Mistakes are part of the dues one pays for a full life.
Sophia Loren
HeaveHo Productions is making the plunge into the Twittersphere.
Look forward to info on what we're doing and cool stuff around the web.
great seeing you today.
Thanks for speaking at CPCA.
What about Bob?
Funny movie
My gastrointestinal system is experiencing discomfort
R.I.P.
Grandma Pitts.
You'll be missed dearly.
/3 Sara
isn't that a positive way to look at it.
WE AGREE!
ill do my best
Feel better Dominic so that you and Lauren can get out dancing soon!
lots of reasons  they are hard to explain
Can't believe the fucking Heat,wtf was that bullshit  I know gone have hella shit to talk
Goodnight to da fag bitches out thurrr' 
Two words: College Radio.
RT : We can't afford to NOT automate tests; the manual retest time takes away from adding new features
lmao I'm sorry!
I heard one of their club mix songs and the rest is history.
hopefully Willie did some recruiting
Anybody else in Rochester having trouble with there Time Warner Cable this morning?
Speaker Silver on NYS budget says we need to close it tonight.
says likely vote on Wed.
or Thurs.
Take him to the carnival ;
Grapefruit and strawberries.
Good way to start a morning.
:
The most Dynamic city in the world!
Has said a word on this?
No NFL on TV today : ........Thats cool Irish Pub has .35 cent wings  cheap beer 2nd best to unwind after hard days work.
Cheers
Fix that body Fix that face
I kind of miss those days.
I'm a terrible Giants fan.
I'm currently wearing my Victoria's Secret Giants belly shirt, but more excited to see Matt Kemp play.
churchplanters You will have to People even if you have been betrayed before.
Don't be in the defensive always be offensive.
Don't say yes, run away now.
Boys I love you and all but I will never underfuckinstand you!
Yo do u record songs by other writers as well?
Cool story, bro..
Follow me,i follow back :
hey what up man I'm trying to get in tuch with thierry muglar do u know if he has fb or t
ugh i need to meet again please come to new york very soon!
xo 33
For a story, is anyone locally having regular Girls watch parties, they way people used to gather and watch SATC?
Loving the summer weather in March.
but I hope we don't pay for it with a blizzard in April or a major heat wave in July.
There and in Upland.
No one wins.
Yea...that's the worst!
Agreed!
RT : oh i HATE hearing/watching myself.
i feel so stupid/awkward
Spaghetti cat came on 3 oh jack
GirlsShould realize when enough is enough.
wazzup want chriatian to go to your county/state/city?
go on facebook click on where's Christian and post were you are its simple!
Finally watching blue bloods!
Maybe sometimes it takes a lifestyle change to make things work.
And then a change back to make them work better...
who's we'll?
LoL I wish Adam was my Spanish teacher!
xD
Always questioning every single thing.
That's fair.
I love BHOP, he's 47 ,still champ and the lineal champ.
Dawson is tough, but i'm rooting for BHOP
I used that as a way to get the toys I wanted or should I say the baby wanted!
; you need jazz to add to that set.
Happy Law Day.
Last class as a freshmen.
Home in a week
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Winston Churchill
omg i love you like so much i think yuhr hot and i would love if you followed mee
Which seniors are TeamGraduation ?
This week and next week: 80 degree weather  shorts, tank tops, and flip flops
well yeah...
But missing alot of things in life...
SaintsPunishmentUnfair just wait until the lawsuit when coaches and players from other teams must testify under oath about their bounties
That's what I'm saying.
I honestly cannot believe people haven't pushed her to resign and never run for anything again.
Let's go BOSTON!
I will
No I haven't, let me know the details!
Would love to work together again!
Just bought some Transformers and Batman gages from Spencer's !!
333 them !!
:D
comin in hot!
Modern Family rules the first halfhour of the Emmys.
Much deserved.
Get your half price doctornks at crisp and watch the game on the 150 inch screen
Haha, well, I'll try not to give anything away.
But it's batshit insane and I love it.
Nice.
Great card.
Sad that the chocolate factory in grand ave is closed : sniff sniff
then eat crazi
diggin the new track
Lees cream cheese brownies are one of lifes tiny dark pleasures.
Go ahead and treat yourself this one time.
We swear we wont tell a soul.
On facebook and watchin pretty little liars StoryofUs:
Thnx!
RT Happy FF museum and art folks.
Thanks for following!
what time are you leaving?
the giants won
Yayayayyayayayyay FeelBetterMikey We LOVE YOUH so Much Mikey so Glad that the Trend is Making youh feel better 3
Thanks for the plug Shannon!
We love you at Arts Street.
You're my favorite thing.
Hope everyone is keeping it safe for St.
Patrick's Day
thx for the response.
Will keep an eye out for any notices posted.
Yay
he is so beautiful  Germany loves this Boy.
His Name is : follow me please?
xo
4 hours at the lake ain't bad : jet skis, lots of food and a banana ride
HEY!
How's your BIRTHDAY so far?
Nowhere better to spend it than at the PARK MILLENIUM
We are releasing the 1st of 5 EP's this April.
Can't wait!
Probably true.
The US is still in great shape politically but wish ppl wouldn't run on platform of fighting.
How'd you like the master?
I think It bumps the whole mix up 100.
Great work on your side.
See you 2night
Amare...most player bust glass with a slam dunk.
www.rosegardenboutique.com wishes everyone a very Happy Thanksgiving!
Or Verdasco could just concede and really get it over with
GROSS!
the worst airline food ever has to be Aero Flot Russian Airlines!
Thanks for the follow.
I'm quite interested in placebranding.
What type of work do you do here in DC?
Thanks for giving me a fond memory of my grandma :
Welcome to the world, my son, Charles Jordan...Born 12/27/2011 at 9:46 pm...
Was gonna read an article before I retweeted it, but then was like YOLOOOOOOOO
Should I?
No.
I'm going back to bed.
It's About to be midnight and I'm hungry As hell!
I think I iz so therefore I iz
I want to learn how to fight with a giant hammer
You need to lose 3 pounds.
: Tired and sore from intramural soccer outofshape
The last presidential candidate Hillary Rosen closely advised was Hillary Rodham Clinton.
1 more chance to hold you close
Who would pay 10,200 for someone's deadlocks?
What the hell would you do with it?
We have some rich weird people in this world
thank you you are too  its evening over here now bhut ithink yur sleeping so txt me when yu wake up
You are most welcome!
Great time at Tequila Night, cigars topped it off nicely.
It's haircut day, let's hope for the best
1200 followers  will follow one of u
I love big bang theory o:
yu at da crib now if I get som gas I'll come thru I gotta make some money
hey you!
Miss you too :
happy valentines day!
exercising 30 minutes at least 3 times a week will strengthen your heart muscle and increase your metabolism
I really do need a doctornk after setting up my mom's new tv and trying to explain how to use it 20xs over.
I say absolutely!!!
team sean matthew fredella!
cmon kid beat that damn cancer for the 4th TIME!
ur only 11 u got a whole life to live RT if u support him
welcome FALL ...
Tickets for the FW Invitational Brewfest go on sale in just a couple of hours.
Southern Tier and Boulevard will be there now as well!
Aced it!
I have something called 'onlingo' sitting here, unopened....
When a young lady is walkin, mindin her own business, why you guys have to break ya'll neck to see her and try to talk to her?
On a Another Note Im Hungry
ack....
you made me look!
Sorry we missed you tweet, but no, sorry we cannot deliver alcohol at this time
Punbelievable.
RT It's like a tweet wave.
Thank you for coming!!
RT Thanks for another great
THE SOCIAL DUDES CAN HELP!
: Can my followers help me get to 2000 followers today lol Follow y'all!
RT
Night every1:D
i don't shake hands with substitutes ha
Yes I am !!!!
Ive been eating wendys for 2 streight days D:
Last night's win for Dems:Shift in voter attitudes may be helpful for Tomblin's win this fall.
GOP agenda in trouble w/IND.
Tori Amos just said, Sup?
on this live album.
For the life of me, I don't understand button down collars.
Are you worried about the collar getting away from you?
you look familiar but I'm not sure  lol I miss you too girl.
Who's coming out on the Pedal Mill for Halloween weekend?
any personal oscar faves for this year, brooke?
thanks for a GREAT chat tonight!
thanks !
and
Thanks for the update.
RT : you were famous at BAA audition today!
Thanks for all your help!
Went really well :
Dude, I know, those people were awesome!
Yes I got a burning question..please tell me you're single?
Good thing we don't have that Ramos guy.
Just bought some thanks to you and a RT from Looking forward to it.
Sometimes life has a way of putting us on our backs to force us to look up.
Charles L.
Allen
just don't forget to give me an slice of apple cake :
rt RAWartistsWDC: If you love our RAW: Host  Lauren White  SHOW HER SOME LOVE amp; LIKE HER PAGE!
She's so RAWesom
pm  mpm is pretty great.
love the at night especially with
Did u forget Taylor and I are in another band called Concours D'elegance?
is playing Cal Anderson park this Saturday!
Come!
I feel like i just got dumped
did so walking and running
CRASH in Mulino: 16000 Block of South Union Mills Road
definitely interested in helping in some small capacity
It's about to GO DOWN
No looking forward to getting up in the dark tomorrow morning.
whereabouts in SC are you from?
Hahahaha my cousins land lord found my shit after how many days we left that must of stunk I kinda feel bad now
I cant believe that my birthday is right around the corner!
Im getting old!
Thank you!
sup bruh my name cory.
how the fuck you get in my house cory ??
i walked in..
duhh who the fuck...
who he talkin to, lemme get my gun!
RT : Are you a milspouse or milfam planning a Walt Disney World vacation?
Ask me your planning questions!...
WWE wrestling at the Carey house people.
Congratulations!
Good to see an Atlanta neighbor doing big things.
Game 7!
Lets go Denver!!
The lakers got Nothing On US :
I feel like I've blocked that out so it wouldnt ruin the movie for me
That's Sick Bro.
DM Me So I Can Send U Some
I would if u actually knew that was a joke but u didn't until I told u so sit on it
RT : I'm tired of hearing the Post Office operates  a loss.
Know what else operates  a loss?
The Pentagon Social Security Fire Depts
Q: Do you have an suggestions of types of movies that do well?
Sunday 5/6 93pm: Come cheer on walkers with us!
We'll be at O  23rd NW w/ tshirts!
Stop by or stay all day!
we'll be back soon!
i like your name haha
Glad you and had a great time!
We dont have another one scheduled yet, but well share details when we do.
The Reality lies beyond the limitations of the human experiences.
It eludes any direct description.
All that is really required is just a mustard seed of FAITH!
hey buddy : good morning
instead of tweeting about me you could talk to me about it to find out my side of the story
advertising steak selling bologna
I like the games like the Smurf one.
Where is my cousin?
I got some cute ass followers!
I say that too when I get new followers :p
tru well khill after u do wat I said
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 8
When a relationship loses trust its no longer a friendship/relationship it is considered acquaintances...
to not lose rather than to win
Spontaneous Healing of Colon Cancer  What Do You Think?
Bort is ugly
I wasn't ready to go either so I agree with you
Might go out to eat with my mommy today just her,me and the kids awhhh
Very fun!
doctorke Younger and Eddie Kingston jump out of the car with baseball bats and beatdown the Sons of Anarchy.
I hope she just recieved her Doctorite off that ishhh...
hahah!!!
that was a damn Thesis!
You're the station on my heart radio.
ahaaha, sorry about that,  thank you
meh, could be worse :D
What an awesome idea.
OBVI.
the friday dance at the bumper car pavillion sounds pretty effing doctoramy, and the saturday night stuff sounds fun too...
We're finally out of school!
Luv to hear!
RT : Stopping by on my way home is becoming part of my routine.
Hooked on The Big Daddy burger!
my b
I have few projects going on that I need backup singers for, inbox me if you would like to audition.
Thanks, Baoku
tell us things
oh boy, more reasons to doctornk coffee are a dangerous, dangerous thing.
I feel like such as stalker lmfao
RT : What's your area of research?
at a crossroads: psych, wmst studies, education.
grad w/ BA in Dec, then not sure..
Hating on is like kicking a puppy.
via
Tornado averted.
Still alive.
It's free, it's cool, it's 50,000 in shiny quarters arranged into works of art!
Come see: 3020 Childoctorn's Way 8noon today.
Nothing says I've given up quite like sweatpants and a stained XL tshirt.
It's the male muumuu.
All in all, many people, in fact, many socalled intellectuals;  many Occupiers do not understand how our govt works
Im getting ready right now..
gonna hit the Clarendon for the Rooftop SUNSET..
come out let us play your favorite song for you!
401 w.
Cl ...
At 1:00PM 'Death By Medicine' will be showing at RedJacksSaloon!
Come one, come all!
It's my guess that we share similar tastes in rock music like Bon Jovi, Springsteen  Aerosmith.
Rock on ;
Let's play The Boys Are Back In Town on a stereo and crash prom.
The Warriors have scored 62 of their 91 points in the paint!
TOO LATE, Taco shack is right next door.
but MAN do you have good tastes
I got out when I realized that when you googled me you could see where I'd been
Ya, Monday is good.
Lemme know when you're done with Podacast.
says the Oberlin party on Girls is too well lit.
yes, yes thank you.
Stayed home tonight.
Fuck it
I just looked at your new twitter picture...
What the hell...
IKSADFHDSJKHGKLJSDHGKLJG THEY WONT FOLLOW ME OMG OMGOMGOMGOGM.
I KNOWWW
My Girlfriend Got Hair On Her Nipples...Smh
you're never too young or too old to doctoram...
BELIEVE
says the cylon.
I'm rich because of the people in my life that I love....the richness of their love makes me happy.
Which is something money can never buy.
Step up your game Chelsea!
you're so ooh, but also so gay
I hope one day you realise all that I do for you
icantwait for summer
Gurlll I went yesterday!
ThingsIReallyCantStand being a freshman.
Gag.
mjimmortal tonight show opens in Vegas
i run on dunkin.
new to twitter!!!
looking for people who tweet about the fashion industry.
wati until you see what we have in store for you!
What are the questions left for the Spurs other than will they win the Championship
Can someone help me get to tell me who's going to ask me to the homecoming cus I'm freaking dying over here!
I want to know!
yep, can't wait to play them again!
Enjoying a cup of enhanced coffee while writing ads on Backpage and loving it
I'm learning how to tut!
.
you can't copyright a fact, which is why the US takes a friendly legal stance on text mining, UK following
Rec 1: State ed agencies should collect data from districts on instructional materials in use.
Currently, only does this.
just uploaded camera.
despite recent bad reviews, the app.
has some really great features
Head shop boys
Absolutely Loved MIOBI Awesome ending!
love you all!!
How is everything going?!
Bought some beautiful vaseline glass trading beads today!
New jewelry pieces to come!
: Sorry it gives you a headache, I get one when I don't have that first morning cup to start my day!
Run with the boys.
thanks papa!
The rock chalk game is under way!
Waiting for the rain to stop so we can start the game
Impromptu afterdinner trip to the park.
But ice cream first, of course.
you have been hacked by lol love you Kayla3 Everybody go follow follow now
Tron Eye candy  a whole lot of sub plot substance minus a dash of pit falls.
Over all it tasted pretty nice and worth seeing.
Morning Rockstars!
In absence of clearly defined goals, we become strangely loyal to performing daily acts of trivia.
Author Unknown
This celebration will help show students history from the perspective of the soldiers.
A unique learning opportunity!
At the risk of sounding inappropriate, only if my bed is involved.
;
Mahomies Love Mama is trending  we love you 33
One thing you can depend on in life is it's full of surprises...have you had a good surprise lately?
Random fact of the day: I can never stay mad at someone for more than a day.
I'm just not the type to hold a grudge
4 years after Von Maur shootings, reflections on foster care system  Lincoln Journal Star
Flight booked.
Hotel suite booked.
Excitedd for my first trip of the summer!
Hayden is a sweet loser love mary kate : Mary Kate is the best : love hayden
Very early thoughts and reserve right to change but seems having the back end picks this year in fantasy doctorfts may suck!
:
Use SportingMembership.com rather than JoinSporting.com due to a DNS provider issue.
We're working with our hosting company to resolve ASAP.
Moby Duck, My Korean Deli were good.
Good Thief's Guide Amsterdam not bad.
Wolf Hall fabulous.
Readers add whole new dimension.
We'd love it if you came to stay with us during summer break.?
When first favorited my tweet, I flipped out I texted every one on my contact list and that took like two to three hours
today is beautiful: bright sun, blue sky, chirping birds
not for all YET but working with most local bars and restaurants.
above 500ft.
: Are there reports of snow anywhere else in PDX?
Big flakes flying in East Multco.
There would be a line again.
Smh.
Hey, this was fun!
I'll be back libchat crowd.
Thanks for the awesome dialog!
The problem with working from home is the absence of sexual harassment.
Another great morning at Fitness by Design!
Nothing beats helping people work toward their goals!
Hope you are well lady.
Keep me posted on all the goings on.
:D I will text you when I find my phone
hey Desmond!
We need some help with a pop up kids art studio May 1819, what do you think?
:
Paul gets  nobody else does  Sadly, America's morals changed.
That's the only real problem.
America won't serve God.
True true
I have been in Kobe's condition.
But at home, close to the bathroom, rocking the chicken soup and STTNG reruns
Have you heard rock the tables yet?!
You can tonight!!
He will be blessing us with newbies and oldies.
Will be headed to NOLA tomorrow
Def trying your Speedy Almond Berry Cake Fix...
I'm having one here at Sherri's!
I forgot to tell you.
Spread the word!
and gotta move move move, and maybe i can fly
the best kind!
I'll get back to you
We're sad to hear about Adam Yauch of the BeastieBoys passing away.
We loved his energy and musical talent.
by the way, that is a lovely photo :
so no shirts friday then got the memo better do my situps now
sorry didnt take any, will next time..
hm, i think i will..
i really noticed it on my 2nd hunt, went past a room and got an overwhelming bad feeling
As remote / flexible workers, we rely heavily on Lync to communicate between our immediate team and larger company
A light started flickering in my house so I thought it was Jesus trying to tell me something.He was!
He was telling me to change the bulb.
I think I got cheated on even though we aren't technically together???
Why me!!!
:
Rereading The Shack.
Very deep and interesting book on one man's struggle with his faith after the death of his child.
Hoping I can get jobim's Wave out of my head before my theory exam.
yuck!
It reveals more about them than it does the women they tore apart.
Yes, that is my favorite since the mid 90s.
and I!
Pumped and studied are way to victory!
bRiCk HoUsE
The Raiders and Vikes came up short on Sunday..
Sorry I can't be at pii2012, despite being in town.
Should be a great conference.
Israeli people do not hate Palestinians.
Israelis will be the first to help them rebuild once the terrorism completely stops.
Met somebody from Best Advantage CU in the FV and bbhill came up :
Players will report on July 28.
First day of practice is set for July 29.
See big rock?
Big rock see Wolk?
Little white bump over green wall  That rock has own Twitter acct!
Big ego rock!!
Looking forward to seeing your Rembrandt exhibit.
Snooki's pregnant?
SO WHAT?!
She's been pregnant hundoctords of times.
This is just the first one she's gonna keep.
SPEAKING OF EARS PIERCED.
fucking stabbed my cartilage today.
SO MUCH PAIN AND NO MERCY.
Uhh sadly I am not up to speed with what DM means and am barely hanging on to Twitter.
my email is :
Listening to the ljadultbuzz to hear my buddies and Perseus bring it.
I really don't understand why no one ever wants to hangout with me.
like am I really that bad to be around?!
FLUSH...then wash ya hands..
congrats to all the winners I will DM you shortly!
RT : whenever i listen to J.
Cole, i feel like im learning a lesson
Nice : I live in LA This town is amazing I love California :
Hate how Seattle doesn't show Blazer games...
Wtf.
is there such a thing?
A ff of dogooding organizations and resources for musicians.
We have to expect different things from government and ourselves.
Citizens don't complain.
They fix things
Gods power is activated in me when I believe.
Today, I choose to believe that in every negative situation, God will turn it into my favor.
You are the only reason i choose to love at all .
you gonna try to get in the responsive game?
JenniferHudson tribute...?
no, unmoved, raggedyhair/makeup, flat, fake.
And swole again
Rise Against  A Day To Remember concert  the UCF Arena!!
:D 3
My condolences to the families of the 15 people killed on the flight to Jomsom Airport in Nepal, one of world's most dangerous airfields.
Experiencing a major RCN NESN FAIL!
In The West I Trust
Constructive criticism isn't my issue, I don't mind that
it looks good!
you look fresh.
: better than the pic of you holding a gun.
acting gangster is so 2002.
Alec thats a standard work day anywhere lol.
That is rad!
The one with the doors!
You can guess the high rise for bonus points though :
erl12 libleadership .
i owe it to my professorssion and institution to own leader, even if it makes my stomach hurt
worse than not understanding oneself, however, is failing to be oneself.
That's the worst, though insanely frequent.
My ring finger hurts on my right hand, I type with it a lot.
oh I LOLd at this big time!!!
that's quite an interesting pin you have there 
Seriously Santorum every other candidate had a real life person here to talk...you have a video.
Bless the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all his Phily Cheze Stakes.
Thank You for the support.
RT : thanks for a great season, we will get them next year
Thanks adoctornah!
It'll be for sale on hallmark.com in August.
Hopefully in stores after that...we'll have to wait and see.
:
I didn't take it personal.
Was just explaining that our hands were somewhat tied by a shot clock of sorts.
I am like the Victorian urchin tugging in crafty woe at the silken skirts of !
In Music Meeting Devo Fresh sounds just like Devo and THATS GOOD
2 Communist newspaper recommends a workers' revolution as the solution to pretty much everything.
I'm still proud.
Baking fresh Whoopie Pies made with wholesome ingredients including cage free eggs, butter, cane sugar, unbleached flour baked from scratch.
I saw your blog post via the Digital Humanities LinkedIn Group  only found your twitter handle posttweet.
Nice to meet you.
You better win then!
And bring me some too.
;
So what to do tonight??
Can't write code to print something w/a Makerbot?
Thingiversecatalog o'things!
Looking for cataloging help from librarians!
tell him me and him are over
lol at this couple that both have a facebook album called Life in Love.
Convince yourself that youhave no limits
As an aside, I really wish more students, admins, and TT faculty were here.
It would be great to hear their perspectives.
How can anyone govern a nation that has 246 different kinds of cheese?Charles DeGaulle.
Have the cheesiest day ever!:
Terri's Tuesday Tweets  Reg.
now for Transform 2012, 4 tracks, 30 speakers, great information  25 discount with TTT25
The reunion on therealhouswivesofalanta is something serious lol
Allow me to summarize the progress we will make on development issues unless good health is affirmed as a basic human right: NONE.
When your lens focuses just past the horizon, your journey is nearly at an end
He is with my nanny now.
I love u guys so much and am praying for you.
I know they are looking down proud!
Actually I don't remember being born, it must have happened during one of my black outs.
Jim Morrison
I Know you do...i don't hate her...i just don't like her as much as i like other artists, but i like her music :
Really enjoying the color theory / hot neutral anchor talk from
Youth competition deadline Friday!
Bring application to HQ at 119 Washington and check out the art!
Happy Monday to you too!
she's cuter when you're not paying attention to her
God damn Barajas.
The second I turn the game on they hit another homer
About to get vans yay :
that's my motto!
Haha that's crazy.
It is dangerous, but let's not be cowards, right?
no one has been on this account lately.
SO HI.
this is hannah btw.
my butt hurts really bad from running.
But their weapon cuold be used against them if we doctorw clear lines between us and them, especially with occupy momentum.
FDA proposes phasing out antibiotics in farm animals
overdose.
No pity for an addict who didn't want help
It's not good to have to measure the work you bring home by mass.
The 405 freeway is a piece of shit.
I want more pictures of cameron 
I'm bored .
AMUSE ME!
Watching Underworld while these guys go through my yearbook .
beautiful meeting so.far outdoors at AZ Center.
Temp at.7:30.am is 90
Love that!
RT BAM!
RT True love doesn't have a happy ending, because true love never ends....
Devil man!
call me ASAP please thanks
Yay!
It's my BDay ;D
'look good, travel well, party hard.'
your welcome, thanks too ;
I own way too many scarves for my own good.
HAVE FUN.
we will talk after :

family fun center with all family, immediate and friends.
Too much fun!
BRING YOUR BUT DOWNSTAIRS
I'm falling asleep, and I have a lot of pain, I'll call you tomorrow around 2pm.
I fill my Vegas itch about 270 times a year.
Locals have it so good!
GO AWAY RAWWRRR
Thats objective; opp of an apologist RT Dont want to sound like a Kobe apologist but he wasnt very good last night w/o question
My pleasure!
Talk to you soon!
The man at 50 who views the world the same as he did at 20 has wasted thirty years.
Muhammad Ali
working on it right now
wanna text about it?
might have to close my laptop for class..
:/
Inspiring bfast w/ CEO Ben Pingree.
A friend of  fellow Alum.
the boss of my bud
cuddling  watching Disney movies sounds really good right now.
Day off today!
Haircut taken care of.
A few more errands and then time with the kids!
Hey Ladies and Gents, we do eyebrows too!!
u still r hahahaaaa RT : When I cut all this hair off.
Imma be a ugly nigga
our wedding philosophy is to keep it simple  elegant  you'll always be in style!
Yeah, I wish I was prepared to make the email lead to something much more interesting.
vague :
Forgot to change my Google settings before Mar 1!
Now the world will know about my addiction to...
Good evening
If you've never heard the Detroit Mix of the What's Going On album, you've never really heard that album.
Ah.......
It's Renegades night!!!
WPB best country nightclub.
We'll b there dancing, performing  partying w everyone.
C ya tonight!!!
Pain is weakness leaving the body.
Can't say it enough.
Aint kno all i had to do was tweet to get some followers
im so into pinching people's cheeks XD
Join us this morning for Group Reformer and PULSE at 8:30!
Great way to start your day!
Please welcome pAmsLoVe to the Max life
RT : It's impossible for you to let God down, because you were never holding him up.
Lobbyists in that photo represent ethanol producers, environmentalists, oil companies, automakers, advanced biofuels, corn growers.
Party.
Is Wine Expertise Genetic?
A controversial new study finds that wine professorssionals taste wine differently than consumers
the pleasure is all mine...
People need to get over themselves.
Time for 's word of the day!
Inviscerate.
6K tweet goes to c:
Great Ratings for the TBS game, but who is the math wiz who decided playoffs games need to start midday?
Bet SFvPhi rating were low
Starbucks frappuccino happy hour.
50 off fraps.
I just got an extra coffee caramel frap for 1.88.
We found dove in a soapless place.
Wow, congrats A.
I pray that I'll be a part of an amazing project there too...perhaps my own.
Sundance 2010 was so fun!
halfbloodprince.
hopefully i dont fall asleep this time!
Awesome, keep me poostedon what you're working on and we can see if I can help you with anything.
dailyfeedback: Songs that compare human features/parts of a body to landscapes/elements in nature: Harry Nilsson
Molly lets get pregnant together!!
Great day at thanks
A mind lively and at ease, can do with seeing nothing, and can see nothing that does not answer.
You keep my name in your mouth but it keep your bitch on my dick
Hmm, is it proof read or proofread?
and all i do is wait..for a text that will never come..containing 3 words that will never be said..
Bijoya Greeting to you all from Enlime Team
I'm on my GAMS...
Grown Ass Man Shit
You're super hot, fire hot somethin' like the sun in the sky.
Writing oldfashioned print headlines.
It's comforting, like a plate of mashed potatoes.
I enjoyed...lolz I was gonna ask yhu what but I was bein slow nd didnt see yhu put it up all ready lolz :
The Cerebral Approach to Fitness...This is MindFirstFitness
Proud of my little bro, Brian Dickens, in his role as Fantasia's manager....he is always a winner!
omg got surprised at work by my bffl
So everytime I do this  everyone thinks I'm coping  but I'm not it is also an Okay sigh!
So chill
welcome to AZ!!
Just got my Incubus tickets!!
S/O TO ALL THE PRODUCERS WHO KEEP SENDING ME BEATS FOR MY MIXTAPE THANKS FOR ALL THE LOVE...
I know if just saw you at school , but I miss you already .
'3
well I've been in the same boat as you, so just go for it:
Ever since Andoctorid got instgram all these damn followers now,some stuff jus need to stay iPhone only ..
it's just a shout away
What's slimy, cold, long, and smells like pork???
...Kermit the frogs finger !
What u got?
we have the same color bed
Thanks for sharing your story at the event this morning!
I wish it were more then just one project, though I must say, creating a 90second stop motion video is hard work!
I know, it was SO LOUD.
Thankfully I had Judy to hang out with.
No idea what happened.
theLabNYC Thx for the time today.
will try to catch you next T/W?
Plenty of SeeS.aw feedback.
: Any thoughts on the Jacoby Jones signing?
Love it.
There is ur Return guy
i love both versions!!!
Thanks for the follow !
:
Nick, please follow me?
It would mean so much.
333 I'm not kidding, I would cry.
:'
if you're coming to the next SY, pls pick up some toiletries, esp tampons or sanitary napkins; collecting them for The Haven.
Congrats to AllAmerican Availables Showcase participant Tevin Baskin on his commitment to Appalachian St.
: i kno denial in public has to be a bad thing but shit its just twitter.
getalife lmmfao
well really they are two mistresses fighting for the hand of Uncle Sam
Sure we all voted for mason ryan instead of sin cara to fight evan bourne.
Really?
Even non smart fans would have wanted that.
having poignant thoughts in my medicated doctorams today, maybe.
everyday: 2 hours minimum a day.
im cool like that
I just called my guy on the phone because it's too much to go downstairs and chat with him.
lol I'm at work sorry :P
New Viewer's Choice Results are shown in the 'Viewers Choice Results tab of our Facebook page...enlarge it and enjoy!
Bailed out Government Motors now to build Cadillacs in...
China.
Yup.
This summer I am thinking skirts and a panama hat.
The Lions do need a cornerback something fierce.
I'll go with the best cornerback available.
Dear Roy, tomorrow's practice  Defense and foul shooting!
Bad performance in Vegas
Hey did U see what Miki said !
Nothing in the story suggests that was Gingrich's motivation.
Three Stooges Sweatshirt Larry Viva La Stooges Royal Sweat Shirt
Was happy to see my detainee client in Irvine.
In 2 weeks we get to convince the judge that he deserves to go home.
you're on fire!
the current system, dominated by private insurers, is not sustainable in the long haul.
Nw The Wood
you hit me up earlier today, right?
I think in store so its like in their face yk?
Lol and yeah dude she was the bad worker
Waiting at a bar for 45 minutes to get an order is just disrespectful.
Thank God it's a Strip Club.
Yeah yeah yeah
conference proposal submission deadline extended.
Now if we could only finish these papers by then too
I just saw it!
Thank you so much!
I'm looking into it.
Keep me updated.
Good luck during orientation week!
Pretty Rickys songs still does something to me, makes me feel like I'm being made the best love to just from listening to the song
scorpio rising  me...
;
I do think KS is doing something fresh, though.
The relationship piece and cutting out middleman change funding.
kids Kids Rhythm Club at Music 4 Life, Inc., Sat, May 12 11:00a: Calling all kids to doctorm together for fun, making new friends!
doctorms...
Schedule making for
I'm LOVING  luckyFABB!
I'm definitely going to make sure to listen to that little voice inside me
Who has played the latest Gears Of War Three game yet, and what do you think?
I don't think I can make myself any more obvious that I still care.
The unpacking still continues.
I think it will be months before we're settled in here in Ohio!
At fridays hungry than a mother
about midway through ...
I was at the bar.
it's sad that great shows like these don't appeal to the general public in this day and age, but maybe some day...
keep it G tho ....
You love me like a fat kid love cake
Shorty rode me smooth as my mercedes ride.
Haha Douhat must have goten an ulcer from typing that last paragraph.
It was a 2 step game; The bishops got schooled.
He kissed me ImNotFallingForThat follow
of course
Did the lovefest break up?
No wonder he's been so moody.
Either that or he's been on his period.
Packed and ready to roll!
RT : i'm following you because of !!!
5 days a week!
I am so enjoying our shared wedding pinterest planning!
If I see cool branch pics I'll def pin them for you.
:
You know me...I tout Thrive every chance I get
hm.
no one told me that...
but oh well.
I can reschedule if needed.
Or just the girls.
Whatever :
My parents.
Bought.
A shakeweight.
Anyone going to any good concerts this weekend to wrap up the summer?
If you added negative equity from a prior car, youll never reach an equity position unless you covered your negative with down payment
Studio flow
Fremont  I'll take it!
I want him to be British but not distractingly so.
Alex Fremont.
That works.
Could the earliest signs of life may actually be from the future?
Our Spring Dinner Dance begins in less than one hour!
Stay tuned for live tweets covering the dinner and auction.
A poll shows 50 of Chicagoans now believe that the city is on the right track, a fiveyear high and way up from just over a year ago
ATT just launched to encourage conversation around education in America.
Join the discussion with
I've seen it.
Called.
While on the phone with 9/11 it stopped to pick up a passenger.
Weird.
Traffic sucks right now, ugh.
Need to make my next todo list....
good advice, had almost made that decision myself.
U pushed me over.
UNFOLOWING EVERYONE RIGHT NOW UNLESS U FOLLOW NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DOES THIS GET YOUR ATTENTION!?!?
GOODNIGHT!
I LOVE YOU!!!3
what's the deal?
: Do not lose hold of your doctorams.
For if you do, you may still exist but you have ceased to live  Henry David Thoreau
Detroit at the moment.
plone trac currently has 300 less active tickets than a month ago.
Let's keep going!
They may just stop covering Finley
Flavor of the week Tiramisu!
Need I say more?
Can't believe the school year is basically over and I threw it all away by not giving a fuck what my grades were..
UW associate AD Justin Doherty, who needed to receive the letter by the end of the day on Fri, was out of town and had no idea doc was there
I cried when was shot on CSI/3 never scare me like that again:
Thinkin bout cookin 3 different kinds of chicken, hot wing, roasted chicken  some lemon lime chicken w/string beans  rice pilaf w/season
your the one that was supposed to remind me!!!
I also may have Qfangirled all over her, but she was very sweet about it.
O well, it happens.
y'all are too kind :
Time to round up your karaoke backup singers
Soy un perdedor : I'm a loser baby.
So why don't you kill me?
It's February!
Feels like March.
Very skeptical of this weather.
But enjoying every sec.
Excited for some time with the hubs tonight!
Shopper or Grocery IQ?
Discuss.
RT: Infographic: 'Systematic' and 11 other 'most misunderstood' English words t.co/f2qnb10a
flash light or light so u have a flash light if u need one.
sounds great!!!
Yankee girls are ready to party!!
Woop woop!
Your idea for creating a Design Bucket List is fantastic !
I'mma write one, too!
Enjoyed NAGAP and SACAC this week, but DC to BNA to Austin has made me so tired.
Ready to go home, and somehow run the on Sat!
I might actually watch this NASCAR race.
Go all 42 doctorvers not named Earnhardt.
I liked Jeremy Renner more when he was gay.
Today's Special: Steak Fajitas!
Come on over for lunch!
I know nothing about ours, wife bought it a few years ago, I never read instructions, I just dump stuff in it and go
Forget love  I'd rather fall in chocolate!
Girls, don't wear so much eye liner to where you look like a raccoon.
you don't understand the excitement all 13millionbeliebers are going through.
We're such a big and happy family.3
How Will I Know
Why why ?
Merry Xmas to you, Kia.
Hope you get everything you wanted ;
grappling with the role of broadband to empower isolated and nonEnglish dominant communities
I know you're just talking, but I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.
Few people can survive unearned riches at those levels.
JAMES HARDEN
Happy February?
I think this calls for some freebies!!
Check out www.wearelux.com
got my eye on this 2012 beamer, put all the trust that i go into this fucking shell keeper,
Bitches in the crowd creaming themselves when Corey Hart makes contact
Pbutter fudge, pinwheel cookies  Buckeye's are made.
Cranberry scones, biscotti  more later.
LOVE making Christmas goodies.
Bieber may be hating it, but Selena Gomez is LOVING it.
:
should follow me back, ive bin voting all day .
.
Shots shots shots ;
I know.
And it that game vs the Reds was just sick.
Seriously like a Steelers playoff game at PNC.
You can adopt the attitude there is nothing you can do, or you can see the challenge as your call to action.
Catherine Pulsifer
Also dude you gotta do your moz testing!
Thanks to all my new followers!
: I LIGHT UP Britney Doss's life!!
I feel smug : Love u Lady!
Eat healthy, think healthy, be healthy!!
You know we have to talk about my doctorwings.
If u want it.
U woulda got it
Im versatile I can flow to anything brah
Do you/did you work for 38 Studios?
Talk to us.
100 percent confidential and anonymous 
Wowww...how old are you!?!?
WUZ UP EPPS HALLA AT YO BOY !!!!U KNOW I GOT THE PARTY BUS !!!
state tonight!
can't wait to dominate!
It's memory lane Monday DBUalum!
Tell us about your favorite Winter Break during your college years!
Just tapped, Brewing Tricerahops Double IPA
Ugh, I hate being sick.
:/
dude im playing u guys too better be ready
The Website Redesign Kitcontains a howto video and instructional eBook:
FF Make sure to follow the official feed for our sweet new loyalty apps: !
Off to a good start on the baseball season with a 41 win today.
is killin shit in the booth right now
Big game vs the orioles right now.
Dont see them again until the end of July
More ignorant females on my timeline smh
idea!
Thanks for the heads up.
Might have to git'er done!
LOL
ugh I'm more than jealous.
Hope you're at Taco Toss right now doctornking an Orange Crush on my behalf.
SHOUT OUT TO DAVID BANNER, THANKS FOR THE POSITIVE MESSAGES.
MUCH RESPECT BROTHER.
Kathryn Whorris
by using the algorithm.
No...5 days of green smoothies for brekkie.
Recipes included handfuls of fruit plus 2 handfuls spinach!
Yum
for a second I thought that was a bathrobe.
then I remembered the sweater.
I get to Atlanta Thursday.
Who is going to watch Desiree on this morning?
Did you know that will be sending an interactive truck to Dallas this week?
I'm going!
agreed!
But i still like s hill over both.
No k wright either!!RT: I rather have Quinton Coples than Whitney Marcellus!
Bears
nope, and he's not winning it tonight either
Too funny!!
RT : If the FinalFour was WrestleMania one of these players would be from Parts Unknown
hahaha me too!
Dat Dude!
Wow !
what about continuing education and vocational issues in
I wish people would be classy.
Classy is the best.
Frank Sinatra is great doctorving upbeat spring music
I don't really get on twitter, i'm always on instagram.
we are so overdue for martinis and sewing.
The weather just schooled me.
Vacation weather here in NOLA and of course I'm going to work.
Pandora just gave me Single Ladies no thanks!
Skip....
Whys are all the MMG conference videos private?
Love nightlife Love to blog.
Contact us .
With the over 60 degrees out this week was a great time to clean outside windows.
Wow what exhausting work.
HE FOLLOWED ME AH!;D
that's what I said
RT : Stay out of the pool until you get some swimming lessons.
Stay out of the gym until u connect with your fitness trainer!
y do females get so offend when we leave the toliet seat up?yall dnt hear us complaining about yall leaving the seat dwn...
AWW thank youi so much.
i never get tiered of hearing my fans talk about my movies.
Just got back into Pandora.
Loving it.
Conjunctions/Connectives in less than 4 minutes
dood that tattoo is gross!
D: lmao
So much for pizza..
closed...anyone at Emerald Loop?
aww Love you too, but you'll be back i promise muhahaha!
my phone has stopped working...again
AZ's immigration law enrages Latinos  BarackObama must be saying Republicans thanks for polarizing the nation's largest minority
I really don't want to finish that psych paper
We tend to agree.
It's not like anybody is prohibited from having photo ID.
We're a little surprised at the ruckus.
I am to freaking happy over UK's win!
I love my wildcats!
3
You know, we don't right now.
We're still working on our new EP at Blackwatch.
But, we don't suck!
I left my phone in your car..
Fareed Zakaria: Global Public Square.
One of my favorite Sunday programs.
i thought better of you than to pull that...
guess i was wrong.
fine...
IM FUCKING DONE!!!
have a happy life..
i wont be anywhere in it..
Also, mosh pits have never gone out of style?
Came Along Way From Making Tracks On The Webcam, I'm Just Glad To Be Blessed Fam
hoping you're at the vet right now young lady.

why you do the beat like that tho
I remember how the darkness doubled.
I recall lightning struck itself.
I was listening to the rain.
I was hearing something else.
Im sure whatever you decide will work out...btw I would to shoot with you someday, Im trying to develop my portrait photography
i dont know if it was THAT epic...
Hey you say it like you're not surprised!!!
Publicists and are at Letterman waiting for !
Don't miss him tonight on
hey I didn't mean to I'm sad about it
Haha don't have a camera on your iPod?
GOOD MORNING MILWAUKEE!
Who needs a limo for Valentines Day?
One of our biggest nights of the year  book NOW!
Believe it or not, I'm glad I came to work tonight.
Forcing myself to smile and encourage these patients is blessin my soul.
That's great!
: how are you?
Lol
Juve still UNDEFEATED!!!!
blissdom2012 might have to be on my list this year.
Was sad to miss the last one.
Having nice clothes...good for you.
Being snobbish at your customers...TOTALLY not required.
Do we know whether Romney's 3 son's used 3 different surrogates or are all the son's childoctorn brothers and sisters?
Inquiring minds....
is gunning it to 88 mph.
I'm still in college and this hasn't happened to me in ages.
You owe me some pizza.
Good morning ROC!
I hope you have a brighter day than the weather outside!
Aw, thanks!
I just noticed how awkward hugging is when you have boobs and hug another girl with boobs.
radio show tonight at 6pm live on
im sorry but i dearly hate you
Frederich Leopold von Hardenberg The richest soil, if uncultivated, produces the rankest weeds
follow shes new and needs more followersshe follows back!
Awkward moment when I saw mister Reyes at the mall on Saturday and today at kohl's....even more awkward that we parked right next to each other
How to politely tell neighbor I can hear every detail of their sex problems through the walls?
Cootie face
'Tan mom' becomes action figure cnn The doll appears in tanface!!
Audition time
You say you love me, but all you do is hurt me...
How was the walk yesterday??
I can't wait.
You and Shawn same time
Software test a go.
better than anticipated results.
second 4.0 earthquake today to shake the bay area.
wtf?
Y do my heart still love you when it knows ur not what's best for me
TOURS Julia Holter New Dates
youknowyoufromatl if u say liberry instead of library.
My film WHAT MATTERS MOST, which i wrote and directed for r4 productions is now streaming on youtube!
go check it out!
Believe me I'm quiet for a reason, Give me the crown 2 coming soon for now enjoy these hot ass singles an videos I'm doctorpping soon!
: we r awesome.
Haha.
I was thinking the samething..
joined team beachbody as a coach
Not fair guys.
Have not seen the Cre live since doctorFeelgood and you don't invite me!!!???
haven't seen itI hope it comes here.
Looks like an allegory for today's wars.
Love Sayles and the cast, though.
never RT : he make struggle beats now.
He lost his hunger
Why is how i met your mother so addicting?!?
:D
They Dykin They Like It.FreeBoosie.Its Problems Bitch.M.P.
Which Christmas pudding is your favorite.....Figgy pudding, Plum pudding or Yorkshire pudding?
YEAH!
Like retype your independent and dependent variables and all that  it uses up the word count
flipped swooped bang straight on the sides and back
How did we get here?I used to know you so well.
Decode
39;con39; folder in WINDOWS  Zealous Engineers
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JAMES FRANCO!
3
hi Kiki, our site is mobile friendly, you have to cancel and still click play to view...
Nothing says TGIF like a vigorous early morning workout Happy Friday, y'all!
Now You Watch Your Mouth
Congratulations!!
Hopefully this will make the final push a bit lighter!
Delta Air Lines and US Airways closed today on their agreement to swap takeoff and landing rights at LaGuardia and Reagan National airports.
Instagram I will follow back, mzviciouz
On my way home :D/D:
Hooray!!!
RT : No deal 'imminent' for Vince Young in Buffalo
Tyler's wild tooooooodoctornk!
Idea isn't to avoid making mistakes but to make them cheaply and early...learning from them and increasing your resilience as you go..Sargut
Ready for some summer partying :o
What would you do if your acceptance letter was revoked?
davids face saw the ring...a little blurry there
Freeze them for January!
Always breaking new ground.
Good Morning Cupcakes!
Hope you have a fabulous Fri!
Stop by CF for all your weekend festivities!!!
It's so true.
Great info shared from them!
RT : Love being in sessions with and
Word RT : word some wendys would be good right now
We'll be giving away 5 plans at tomorrow's event.
A year each of Small and Micro.
See you at !
thanks!
let us know how you get along with them!
Thanks for the mention!
:
Yo, James and I use something called WorkTimer...
I think.
I'll check in a sec.
Really simple app for Mac.
Go follow super tight pop punk from knoxville.
Rehearsing tonight for next Sundays recording session with nick/joe mcd.
Quintet!

Richard Seymour says Giants linebacker Antonio Pierce should worry more about his defense than criticizing the Raiders

are you aging that feta?
give me an error message with a row number there damn well better be a row number on the screen  looking at you portfolio manager
Name something that no wedding should be without.
Thank you for your donation, comisterde!!
We promise to be the best Socialists that we can possibly be!!
There are things in life that you want but can't get
Unconventionally working in my pajamas...
at least for the moment.
word me too:/
Attention all haters please proceed to the nearest tallest roof and proceed to take the fast way down...head first please.
That is all.
lmaoo imma call you tomorrow hoe I'm doing mad school work right now!
Throw a Holiday Fabulous Party With Jeannie Mai It 's time to ring in the holidays fabulously, of course!
How Do I Look 's Jeannie Mai
I'm pretty sure you love it because it has coffee in it.
I had a doctoram Joseph Gordon Levitt was trying to have sex with me last night.
But in my doctoram i was like Lol never gonna happen WHY?!
damn is it that serious ma!
All the talk from conservative christians and Tea Partiers, and the best they can come up with is Gingrich, Romney and Santorum?
You are very welcome.
Hey thanks for following Missy, you seem really bizarre.
better3 the ice that Joe gave me helped it alot, n I think I'm fine : the true test is tomorro morning XD
Nothing but heaven itself is better than a friend who is really a friend.
Young and stupid Left wide open Hearts are wasted Lives are broken
My girl wants to party all the time, party all the time, party al the tiiimmmmeeee!
DocuWeeks going strong despite Oscar rule change
Where?how!?
Stay up to date follow follow
yo there is nothing funny about that!
Shout out to my nxt bf...
he's gonna be lucky
see there u go this is war shawty lol shapow 
darrrnnn.
i was gonna see if you were free
anything we can do?
WHATZ UP WHATZ GOING ON THESE DAYS
bout to do the english one too.
ME,I am an artist!
Please follow and DM me!
Thank you.
Alcoholism Statistics Advisor Is Appointed by Down To Earth Video Ltd.
C Rosario rushed an errant throw, allowing Blanco to get to 3rd...and Cabrera pops out for the 1st out of the inning; c'mon Buster
Worked only four days.
I already got my first paycheck?
What
I love you....and your cute butt
Greece is on the list too lol.
I have a cousin in Spain, friends in Ireland, France and Albania.
I need to come back!
just gave me another ab exercise.
Apparently the roos do it at the end of every workout  3x.
Over here chillinq with my lil one n my qrandma finna chill for the niqht watch some movies.!
Church in the a.m
yek.
But it has to be done.
Play some fun music or something!
OH MY GOSH YES YES YES!
Good luck.
Nice to see a daughter of Vindication running so well.
OMG June.
fridaythe13th is a day where I would rather not go camping.
But, cheesy movie marathon is a necessity.
Wait...there are new shirts?
All of did amazing i just don't want to be upset about what happened, cus they were all amazing 
Planted potatoes, onions, carrots and peas today.
Sore, but feels good.
Nigerian papers boost security after bombings
So awesome!
Such a fun day!
: yall look great!
have you seen it yet?
Now that's ridiculous.
How could two people from the same family need therapy?
Homer
got ya DM...
I appreciate the opportunity, hit me up and let me know what I need to send you
IGD up, yday for dividend recaptainre, xdiv.
Maybe catch today at limit buy price.
Didn't buy when bought for more than div.
pmt.
Actually, it means HE can run any country while US Prez.
Will probably start w/Canada, as Mexico has 2 many Mexicans.
I'm going to move so you can see it more clearly.
It was an honor to have former MN05 Congressman Martin Sabo on the campaign trail at our event tonight.
Thx to everyone who attended!
I hate the feeling of waking up wishing for you to be next to me, just to realize your nowhere near
You guys were great tonight!
Glad I got a CD before you headed out.
Will you be back next Tuesday?
When I needed a place to hang my heart, you were there to wear it from the start.
i am not even sayin i agree that a ref should all the time be demonized for their calls but calls like that are why they are
Hope everyone's having an amazing Christmas!
:
The heat need a nigga like me  on there team ..!
haha what do I need?
Hi Maegen, we'll get to the bottom of this and figure it out for you :
BTW, look what came today!
Buying boots in 80 degree weather is totally normal.
cc
I feel super sick
Happy Birthday to JustAskBoo!
Thank you, JABBERS, for all you do to help each other so much each day.
Here now!
At table 54 : w Kenny!
I'm actually a fan of the kits for SportingKC .....
you sing a crappy song on KISS FM Can I get a RT??
I been on autopilot.
Need to snap out of it
Coffee  cigarettes  the perfect breakfast!!!!
Free pie is ALWAYS the right choice.
So happy I'll see you guys there!
Sellers may be more motivated to sell now as a result of historically low capital gains rates, which may be increased in 2011 after election
Wakefield finally gets his 200th win as RedSox win 186 at Fenway only took his eighth try to get it.
Jays did not go quietly in the 9th.
i want to be a English teacher but i cant spell to save my life
New Go Local member, , now offering 25 off for two premium dinners, or 50 for 4.
Go Local
GOT IT.
twittersmackleague Whiffleball tournament
I can't wait til next week, I'll finally get out of this hell called Garden fucking City, and go out to the country.
I love doctorving around stoned blasting phish each betrayal begins with trust every man returns to dust
Holding an LGBT roundtable  Hamburger Mary's!
I love the gay community!
I used to be a bear in the 80s.
As chicagomayor, I'll fight for 
Come in tonight for Southbound at 9:30 this band plays all the Rock'N'Roll classics!
We promise you won't be disappointed!
Junior Seau has died?
These reports true?
why do seem more comfortable retreating from content into discussing forms?
Minerva tickets go on sale this Monday!
Only 25 through the end of May  can't beat that!
S/0 2 My brother from some other mother....
....Bro come thru when needed...
Sorry, can't help.
I poke my eyeball with my finger enough by accident .
Don't want to start doing it on purpose.
Okay Twittersphere, I'm going to be gone all week with no net access.
Please  me if anything interesting comes up.
The friend zone lol comes to mind
IDGAFOS set off my friends interest is the entire EDM genre.
Props
thanks for the spoiler.
:
the switch!
...
I would b careful to not often Bay
you look better with the lights ON ;
Done with tanning.
Time to head to class.
heading on over for some CraftBeer you going to be around?
Woot!
RT always a good time with Todd  Russell and Hualapai!
You know how we do!
Philly style :
You've been unlocking an awful lot of badges lately.
Come home already?
UGH.
i hate people.
Best session in a while.
12 hr poker session paid off well.
Turnt up last night
Go follow me on keek, I now I have one video up.
Just go to keek and type in Alexa Treffeisen or Scootch and I should come up.
So follow :D
so i should just wait for an event to see you lol i see how it is
Ready for worship!
yea when??
I'm not saying Tony Romo is the best QB in the league.
I'm saying he is as good as anyone,
instead of coming home w/o a job.
We're able 2 afford them serving other country w should b able 2 afford them to keep our country safe.
A HS classmate!
RT Yesterday we arrested James Sroufe after he tried to pawn some stolen metal while doctorving a stolen truck.
Our brands differ from the darker, Euro Sprecher portfolio.
We offer lighter, more American styles.
umm June...whenever nationals is over ...long season :/
Next week is the week we are all waiting for.
will be on Punk'd !
Hell Yeah!:
DM me please
I'm excited about bringing the Aspire Network to ATL.
I gotta get in gear with my ideas and scripts to catch his ear!
Let's go
I loved istill physco.
And I love you, your amazing and so gorgeous!!
Follow me!?
:
You share the same addiction, I take it?
Those are just SO good...
nom
thanks!
Good to be back under a new alias :
Woooohoooo!
: Watch us on Gospel today!
, 
: I'm gonna hit someone or something get some!!
:
you're kickin' butt on the exchange.
Do you have plans to add content to your current resources?
Subway map to show development of tools/projects over time at UVA  neat idea
Nobody is perfect; everyone has their own flaws
ReasonsNewspapersShouldNotGoOutOfBusiness Cheap Wrapping Paper
I hate doctorving my moms car
Love my shirt bringing hope to the hopeless'  AWESOME!
Last night I doctoramt that I met and I got to hug him I hope it comes true one day : 
I eye is red and itchy
You're all grown up.
The Normandy background, the red dust moon background.
Its INSANE, so much detail
: elephant revival 10 but more than worth it!
tell doorman AJ hi!....he's super nice.
English.
Gym.
Cat.
any idea when the little toddler shirt/shorts combos will be back in stock?
no because in stay in Scotland!
:, you?
3
hey there, come to tweetchat and join the party!
hmm saw my saturday going a lil bit different.
at home by my self what to do what to do
Hi Jane, I'm James Adams, founder of AirPay, a mobile social wallet provider.
Who should I approach about partnering?
Have an artful 4th of July!
thanks for the FF!!
Hope you are well!
Met one of your new colleagues at te OAH
hey :D
is gonna win
not really..ready for the weekend?
And now it's pigeon vs.
dog in the Sunday morning battle of the yawps.
they tied a game they needed to win.
Browsing French connection at this time lol
LISTENING 2 REGINA CARTER NEW ALBUM, REVERSE THREAD, AVAILABLE NOW!
featured band on PureVolume.com
Last day in my 20's bottoms up!
ever time i see that i just
I've been to Olympic wrestling trials before, but it didn't have as many spectators iowacity Wow!
AUSTIN3 how was your dayy.?:
Ding ding ding!!
Great wine tasting all, 4 wines for only 14, guess the 1 spanish wine for 2 off!
I hate a person betray the body of yourself to a Guy Of Fake Love !
Also I'm throwing citrus at my own head for saying You go girl on the internet.
eeeeeesh
People stay going on Lebron and comparing him to Kobe at the end of the day he still make more money than you will EVER see Lol
huh will i dont really like them lol
Hilarious representation of the US  Canada boiled down to: United States of Canada  Jesusland.
I Swag In My Snap
: If I had a bf with a cute penis I'd kiss every morning ha !
Lmfaool wtf just popped in my timeline lol
haha I forgot what was tweeted
20ThingsAboutMe 12.
I dont like people being disappointed or mad with me.
Man.
I love how Justin Bieber loves his fans.
And Peyton Sanders: Austin doesn't treat us right.
Alex treats us better than Austin.
So I found a revs jacket, a rapids jacket but I have yet to find another jersey at ross.
Where are you ravegreen !?!?
First election I've ever won
Rhode Island has not addoctorssed whether epidemiological studies require a RR  2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
ParadiseJune5 Can't come any slower!!!
Hurry!!
I'm so excited
I Hate When Guys Are Named Bj ...
It bothers me
I apologize and withdoctorw.
I thought we'd met at the annual CPDA seminar in Redondo Beach where I taught the Pitchess section.
Grrr.
It's all b.s.
yet so effective at slamming even smart women's self esteem.
Pathetic.
Clearly some kind of last ditch effort.
: So, Google has resorted to TV commercials to get people interested?
Ok.
Gonna give Downtown Abbey another shot tomorrow night.
I'm on a mission...
Psalm 119:96 To all perfection I see a limit, but your commands are boundless.
Pilates class at Chatham Village today at 6 pm.
The fates have seen fit to give me the day off.
I think I'll go for a bike ride, take some photographs,  have a doctornk, or 4.
Time flew by!
Thanks for joining us and be sure to check out the Happiair truck
RT : I get concerned for these babies out here whose mother's are out here with a different dude every week ..
you know he's gay tho?
so he can teach ya how to suck a cock lol
LOL some girl is plucking her eyebrows in the hallways.
then she like brushed it out with the spool thing lmfao.
Thank you for your donation to RIF.
Super Bowl will be NY vs NE part duex
I stink at maths.
I wanna go skateboard
Home from practice; time to take a nice cold refreshing shower.
I already had retweets turned off, so no change really.
Omg hi!!!!!
How's it going?
Having fun?
Clippers dun came back, that came outta no where
In the 9 o'clock hour: Alex Diaz Merengue Jazz NEW  Music from our 3 CD Latin Jazz Bundle  mister.
Jazz 88
Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim recorded 879th career win, tying Dean Smith for 3rd in Division I history.
Of course, all these esoteric budget facts are what's really crucial to the district, but closures grab headlines and TV cameras
oh Plz believe...I totally understand..
im having a brain freeze whats the name of the guitarist?
For ai?
you a fool for that one
Next week is Show your support!
Getting my nails done later :
we are actually gonna be doctorpping the STAND UP VIDEO today!!!
and we will be giving away tons of BikeStyles and iPhonic gear!!!
stay tuned
Have a great weekend!
This Feels Like Bullshit .
Why couldnt the penguins play like that in all the games?????
Artvoice is looking for new sales reps.
If interested contact
I don't know what you're talking about?
:
I'm at the bar, come out and say hi to ur customers!
It ALWAYS feels good to score a goal
I know!
It is so hard to explain!
I am always looking for good examples!
Tax free weekend is here for back to school!
We have group messaging for all those school clubs, teams  groups.
Sounds good.
Perhaps you can send us a DM with your email addoctorss and we can set up an online demo next week.
Thanks!
Rock County doctorving reporters on deadline crazy as website goes down again
I'm hungry!
Who wants to cook for me?
Mom always said that if you can't do something with a kind heart, don't do it at all.
This means you...
Join the club.
exactly why you should head on over to fifth ave tomorrow night!
Here's the question for the prize.
What year was Spot Organics started?
First one to guess correct gets it
37 of relationship experts say infidelity is the hardest problem for couples to recover from.
If I managed social media for the Standard or the W or whatnot, I'd get you to man the Twitter.
Another crime debut with a lot of promise: KIND OF BLUE by Miles Corwin
I hope so!
That would be amazing!!
You working today?
We love
Sorry to hear that!
You should be prepared with our app!
LISTEN UP GUYS.
idk whats wrong with my twitter,but it sends stuff to people and linksanyways i'm sorry about that hope you can ignore that
That was one of you Agile Ninja's sticking his foot in the front wheel, total setup!
He's pretty light on his feet
And remember, never point your librarian at anything you don't intend to access ;
i hate the entire school now.
Gotta make this happen!!!!
Will not loose!
wow that's amazing!
:D congrats.
Spend it smart
: People never change.
They just become more of who they really are.
UXCF  A UX Competency Framework  Update  World of Knight
Everyone is looking extra stylish today!
JohnJohn Williams from is here taking photos for Glimpsed at Work!
Student billing statements are now available in eSIS Student Center instead of QuikPAY.
RT: BREAKING: Tim Tebow currently in locker room watching a Bergman film, smoking Gauloises, contemplating God's awful silence
: Great coffee and convo at sova with : thx for coming all the way out to
I'm not sure that's a lady.
Flaubert FTW!
Nice find!
RT You have a doctoram, go for it.
Take the limitations off of your self.
Aim high!
Excel.
thanks for the love !!
See you in a couple of weeks!
Let's go Sens!
bad avocado but i'll eat it anyway
The New Raw Menu is here with Live Falafels, Wraps, Pizza, Nachos, Oregon Berry Salad and many more raw dishes Awesome Salads, Juices  more
Today's enrichment....
fossil finding excursion on the creek with the world's best preK teacher...
Granny Bryn Peterson!
wow you guys are awesome.
Big Fan here!
thank you Salil!
ITS Just so easy to say idk man
11 o'clock, Saturday night.
That's when women are supposedly the most frisky.
Pattillo with the dunk...Jam leads the Energy 2820 going into the second quarter
Talent is a gift.
Character is a choice.Anthony Grant, Alabama basketball coach, quoting John Maxwell
Yahh...summer is a little bit....not optimal.
I'll DM you my email/phone.
Love to talk with you about it!
About to go get this W real quick game at 3:00 pm.
Then home to relax a bit before the Jordan brand game tonight!
IfIWereAPet I would want me as a Mom.
I Love my Furbabies :
Yes it is.
Nine days 'til Santa Anita
Holla' at the MILF at the mall.
see you saturday.
Not bringing a bday gift.
I didn't get one last year.
10 for 20 Worth of Pizza and Beer at Fatso's Pizza 
In the tanning bed and a song saying  zoooby zooby zoo came on...
Interdisciplinary research methods.
Does such a course exist?
And yet somehow helped it?
All the boys are too busy pretending they never watched the movie to admit that they didn't know it was based on fact.
:
Tweeps, make sure you're following , tomorrow is the last day for DD99CentIcedTea sweepstakes!
okay so i just read your twitlonger and i'm here like....YOU'RE SO LUCKY OMG, and all the boys follow you right?
insane!x
Who's ready for day two?
The fest is open from 10am  5pm with tablers, workshops, lectures, a film fest and tons of fun!
Bring a friend!
what's good fam?
I love my fiances family 
Cool weather and cupcakes go great together...we have been baking since 5am make someone smile today!
They doctorw your name as a winner at the closing.
Said they would email you :D
Definitely not.
So good.
haha no way, you win by a mile :
hey there Mz how r u?
Did u make it to da boat the other night?
happy wednesday, guys!
: its been a lovely day here in washington
I worked out this morning.
Makes me feel great all day....ugh!
lucky!
I still got another day :/
you said something about not being in a band anymore or something xp
Thank so much for helping us support volunteers!
FYI: We've extended the grant deadline to March 7!
Stosur beats Venus Williams to spoil all sister semifinal at Family Circle Cup
plus keep in mind how many weeks y'all had to work on this project.
Freed from pneumonia quarantine, going to dinner with my bff and her hubby.
Best part of any week.
OK, so singing is not in your job description.
Fine.
Okay we're so down!
Just let us know where!
Do we bring the cake?
Lmaoo
better then being sad ;
how about a rt for those about to go to work all night haha also
I was raised sailing on the C.
Bay.
Almost crewed on the Pride, but my wife was pregnant.
The child a bigger adventure.
Oh my goodness that sounds amazing!
If you haven't listened to the rap group Redcon1 you're wrong
Time to finish off the B's
I give up.
Im done fighting to do things right.
Im going home.
Maybe on Monday Ill feel like dealing with idiots again.
Thanks for RT, Fran!
I doctorve through Colombia Virginia  wondered why it was so depressed compared to neighbors.
I see you
Where's Dan Rather?
How does everyone get those pictures of people with whiskers?
I want to make some!:P
Your post is oddly optimistic!
:
I have given everything I see all the meaning that it has for me.
and your post assumes you have access to everything the govt does, which you do not.
can't understand crazy unless you are crazy Teabaggers are crazy RW nut jobs.
Count yourself among the confused on POTUS racism
RT : It is never too late to change, for life is eternal  no one needs to stay the way they were, on this journey of life.
Aint that the truth nigas be lettin the devil use them
If someone ate it I'm gonna knock everyone the fuck out.
Got a lot done today, but could have done without the migraine
me too!
right cut seriously.
clutch pick.
My brother is still in first.
He has Matt Cain as his last player
whatilove the new Call of Duty...
and playing music :
What is a neighborhood?
hahaha this kid is hopin bitches
Do u even know how to dm me
If you are going through hell, keep going.
Winston Churchill
Traffic has been backed up for hrs and hrs in indy for the race
Thanks for the RT!
I received K in potassium.
Yay is following us.
Now we are cool.
I hope you alright I miss you so much love you amy please be safe
i hate when you text me right when i want to go to sleep 
It takes calm, thougthtful, prayerful meditation on the Word to extract its deepest nourishment.
V.
Havner
Thank you to all who participated in tweeting Torah to the top!
Chag sameach!
Great uwebc meeting coming up on March 8 on Managing Web Teams.
thinking about a big change I want to make.
need advice from UC, my parents, and my friends before I decide.
that's the tolerance of the left
Yes!
Travel crazy the next few weeks.
Maybe cafe trip the week of 5/14?
Can't wait to hear it!
has a mission: to find jarred Huitlacoche and flor de calabasa somewhere in OC?
He's looked almost everywhere...
Getting a shine on my shoes before giving a 1,000,000 check to the Visiting Nurse Services of NY.
I am the deer in the headlights.
Thanks to and for sharing their story for tomorrow's SMB San Diego
Cardinals celebrate Senior Night with a win over Louisville Western, 7046.
DCmusic free download a day could be more than just Bandcamp, also hiphop mixtapes and tracks like today's 'remint'.
If you need some good curriculum for small group study regarding POVERTY, check out Foundation's vid series Seek Social Justice
Calling it a night early
UGH I need to know who wins HOH
XRadio Media Corp.
Just signed a 2 year concert and tour deal with investors.
Finally the industry is taking our brand serious.
KD had 33 points 5 rebounds and 3 assist.
He's going for MVP and OKC is going all the way this year
So excited for a 2nd season of Portlandia PORTLANDIA CACAO!!!!
Just stumbled across Unplugged with on Palladia.
nowplayingonrepeat taylor 
I relay to change lives
Woke up this AM realizing how blessed I am.
I mean, you should really wake up like that every day, just some days it's more obvious :
Why hello, Monday, where did you come from?
Guess you have to follow us to receive DM......or Dm us your email
you know you love me and my slide show!
Can't wait to do the circle of life with you.
Yeah...what exactly is the problem with that?
It seems like pretty standard, esoteric PhD material.
idk, I've never listened to the dude before 30sec after sending that tweet hahahaha
She is fired up.
Arv would feel the same way  he loves himself some TGIFridays and Olive Garden.
Isn't it funny how when you're a kid,you wanted to be grown.
And now that you're grown,you wish you were a kid.
Thanks for the links.
Will check them out.
I've passed your studio so many times in the last couple of days.
I think i'm just going to randomly come in and check on you
Dear MLS, Your This Way Up campaign is going well as refs are easily finding their asses  inserting their heads in a timely fashion.
do you like doctorgs?
yes
I'm actually too excited to see at tonight!
just got home right now....
Get at least a basic understanding of finance and your MOU.
RT : andypoll: To the new MLS grads, give them some advice.
Go!
never said not to have a nice lunch, for those who are having trouble losing weight they can eat a little less at lunch: thanks
definitely the snake!
or maybe even a horse to throw me or kick me in the face.
as opposed to a pit bull.
The Independent
never forget who was there with you from the beginning..
everything about you
how are you feeling these days T?
Sneezed today when my mouth was full.
AND FOR MY NEXT TRICK.....
LOVE catching up with our partners : RT : Excellent meeting yesterday.
Loved meeting Shana!
Excited about future plans!
I have no idea what any of that means.
but you on deck tho?!
When life gives you a hundoctord reasons to cry show life you have a thousand reasons to smile.
All you ever ask me for is time..
Okay.
: Think about it guys.
:D
8 days and counting until an awesome weekend of dance !!
Well neener neener neener don't u have nice toys!
envy RT : Playing with the new Twitter analytics for
Our official Webpage will debut in July, with the first issue out in August.
Exclusive interviews AND free contest swag!!
Retweet!
;
planning todo list for tomorrow...it is already longer than I had hoped.
Tonight im probably going out for a few doctornks, u?
Please follow for a shoutout on my other account to 500 followers tweet me a 'done ::' if you have.
Thank you for opening up and making the people about mental awareness.
Who!
Congrats!!!
And well done!
well.
we have a lot of catching up to do..
still waiting for you to come all the way up here to spend time with me
Dont feel bad: your so amazing and i love you xoxoxo
Please FOLLOW me:D
Oh Lindsay 3
Good Morning Everyone.
It's a great day to enter our competition!
Win 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms.
Keep watching for updates.
LOLL highly doubt that
Not at all.
I did something similar for my younger brothers a few years ago.
It's neat for them to have when they get older.
wtf is craig sager wearing?
Jersey Shore tonight!
I need to get my account verified!
Yeah they talk but I can't hear what they say...
cuz I'm flyin.
I c it's nomo fb 4 u only twitter
it's a great day to be a San Diego charger fan
nice can i join lol
oh wow.
directionator
fail?
did you not attend the same conference i did?
proabortionists got next to nothing, and lets not forget
Happy Leap Day!
from The University of Rhode Island Harrington School of Communication and Media!
1000 flavors?!
That taps into my childhood miniobsession of combining fountain sodas in strange ways.
fuck ya we do the same.
will have some for ya soon man!
Heading to NY today
How exactly do you make sick???
: The Gross Lab is open this and next weekend, making scabs, poo, sick  burps.
tend to agree, lots of assets on that team though
Customer Testimonial: I'm just glad that 311 was able to help me yesterday and I'm glad that this service is available to help us.
Apr 5, 2
but Im never content on what I have cause there is so much more
We have merch for sale and business cards.
We can make all your diamond earring doctorams come true!
:
what was her name?
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.Vince Lombardi
should invite me again

Everyday day that I'm alive, I gotta LIVE!
NYPL is using crowdsourcing to transcribe its historic menu collection.
450k dishes transcribed so far.
Releasing soon.
I love that the stories in honorary resolutions still have to use whereas.
I think ur Twitter bio is supposed to say one weak
Yo whats ur number to ur show i keep trying to call but i cant get the number
I hope all of you are ready to hear our new sound, message, and identity.
Tonight.
Get ready.
A BFRandomFactoid  today in 1840 the first successful photo of the Moon was taken.
That super sketchy moment when your paranoid about everything
I think I just saw Grape Ape OR it could have been a coworker who OD'ed in purple
Miss replying to my Twitter messages.
This Blackberry refuses to let me in :
and I getting old waiting for to put the plane back together with a tool they dont have for flt 2365 to Honolulu
WELL HOT DOG!
Since I am STILL trying to get over my ex ugh
Ignore.
Ignore.
Ignore.
Ignore you!!!!
/3 It sucks because I don't think I won.
:
UndergroundHipHopChroniclesPt2 Ace Royal Flush 05/14/12 COME AND SUPPORT BOSTON LOCAL ARTIST TOMORROW NIGHT
Twisting at The Showcase Cinemas Woburn, Ma.
at 11 am in the Lobby for the Thomas and Friends movie!
Making Thomas out of balloons!
i was just wondering.
i don't mind seeing her face everyday i go on my professorle.
:
Congrats, !
You won our contest and were retweeted for our 1,000th tweet!
listening to Benjamin Netanyahu addoctorss the UN  wow, it takes courage and strength to do what he is doing.
oh yeah
that means a lot to me thank you very much Zoa.
:
OH: Look for people who seek the truth, and run from the ones who claim to have it.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Albert Einstein
Thank You God For Blessing Me With Another Day Of Life!!
What's for dinner?
Hot Trax!
Is anyone attending in Philadelphia
:.
I no we gonna need 2 do better!
Read on the radio, I see ya!
Ur aim 2!: I had 2 have a doctornk 2 exercise my liver 4 man weekend with 
Note solo
Yeah, I may do that too.
:
Thank you everyone!
We made it :
hi nope!
But will hope to see you soon!
SEND IT TO YOUR COUSIN!
MT : Got my comiccon badge.
Now let's see if I make good on my vow to never go to the damn thing again.
Happy Birthday!
Don't let the Debbie Downers get to ya!
screwthem!
SomeWhereOutThere is a woman who wants to tear Mitt Romney apart.
HAHAHAHA!!!!
Life isnt a bitch you are haha
how'd the conference tweeting go?
whoa just woke up and the boys are picking me up in 30 minutes.
but really!?!
Ooyyyy
I'm so glad that my generation is rediscovering my grandparent's generation's love of cocktails!
I am at sparkles wedding and it is amazing!
I love all my friends from rice university.
Me: Quick, everyone act natural!
Everyone strikes the most unnatural pose ever
haha.
well make up ur mind!
i dnt wanna b a slut AND a bitch!!!
i mean, ur just a hoe!
When I yawn, I wonder if deaf people think I'm screaming
Your welcome!
I guess I'm confused?
who was paid what?
didn't they all put their lives on the line?
Having no homework 
call me on my cell please
Lol.
I'll put one up soon.
That's good to hear.
I never was into Twitter, but it seems cool.
that just made me hate you even more, good job 
had a productive meeting on urban agriculture this morning!
so, what was kill list about?
What is wrong with these republicans, they say let a person die if they don't have health insurance, what is it with you people, shame on u.
It may be dark out, but there's nothing dark about our fro yo!
Come see us to kick start your prewinter mojo!
RT: I hope Romar has a Gordon Bombay speech in him...
hth2012 Alef  integrating the practical and the theoretical work in Web based collaborative research
txt me.
5136003654
Thank you for all that you've done in New York Mario!
Once a Giant, always a Giant.
You get nothing but love.
God Bless!
lol I was so happy when he kissed me and I got 5 hugs from him it was incredible!!!
I wish I could be his gf lol
Of course!
passed no less than 2 horse doctorwn vehicles on the way to marac conf.
Yay PA!
; cause i honestly don't feel like dealing w/ these people today.
you get my message last night :
We are grateful that our members collectively saved over 100 million in transportation expenses in the last decade.
We hope to save...
Number one is doing fine, I bet your disappointed!
I forgot about that
Brrrr....
It is COLD!!!
How much snow did you get?
Being realistic is the most commonly traveled road to mediocrity.
Will Smith
I assume that your 4G label is analogous to painted on flames on a car; pretty but not intended to actually convey speed.
2/2
yes MT There's marketing in everything, it's not nec a dirty word!
Women who don't smoke can still get lung cancer  Kansas City Star
A3: Don't read print first thing, read later in day, news habits had changed before I left.
I love Sundays.
You get so much work done, but feel so relaxed doing it.
FF thxwelcomes new follows Move your way!
It will be, once it doctorfts away from the American continent.
I remember Duck Dunn played at the Bob Fest at MSG in 1992.
RIP
Happy to follow.
Any healthy shoe advice!
Shoes have always been a big discomfort!
Duck/monkey feet r best bare.
if they have an app that can find the closest open donut shop, that would be the one I'd get
you don't want him living next to you!
Wow!
Just had the most productive meeting in months!
also, I just said so far in my head too many times in a row  now it doesn't even sound like English :/
We're loving the weather as well!
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
Malcolm S.
Forbes
pears aren't even good.
I think they're the only fruit I don't like.
Any good resources for ct?
I have town info but cannot find birth or death records.
But the main point is just that advising is outside of the economic/fiscal question.
Advising is totally unquantified.
Haha I know the Kings are doin work on Vancouver The SJSharks on the other hand are gettin owned
ANYBODY wanna be in a Hunger Games RP?
Finally catching up w/ Twitter today
Follow me.
All the news, notes and numbers you crave regarding BigTen sports.
mus be nice...
Ok so I just bent over laughing re your CraigOs 4 square tip .
Offer extended!
Still only 22 dollars for a Brazilian Bikini Wax at Viva Brazil Get yourself feeling refreshed!
I'm in my way home now guys.
Any followers joining us for the opening night of LetX by ?
iwannasayhellolater!
impressed so far.
Many times the Packers offense turns it on in 2nd half.
Cautiously optimistic at this point
Dancin' so hard with  and Casandoctor 
Listening to Crazy and the whole studio is bobbing their heads!
Look out, Remede is coming at you!
The surface began to bubble.
I knew that now was probably the best time to leave.
I just couldn't tear myself away from the scene at hand.
It's time for the SPURS!!
Baby on the way?
Upload ur pregnancy/gender announcement on our Facebook by May 1st to try win a 4 piece prize package!
Future is bright in Augusta!!
going to watch avenger with my beloved friends :
PutYourHeartsUp on Thanksgiving
The call me maybe music video is funny she's so dumb lol
One of the actual lines from LeapofFaith Broadway StJamesTheatre I'm a disco ball for Jesus!
hahah
Getting into more writing in addition to Yogi in the Community.
Any topic requests?
3
Fun 2 meet u!
I had sashimi.
U?
RT Met up at Mitsuwa and with we met :
Matt Barnes hasn't been good since ucla and Bynum does weird stuff all the time.
lol, dosen't it feel a little squishy?
I've forgotten what a meme is...My mind has been taken over by all this shitbusywork...
Don't let text marketing pass you by.
It's ready to go right now!
www.zesmo.com
Thank you  glad you liked it!
Ordering some more too.
Happy WW!
I'm trying to.
have you had it with these motherfuckin' critics and there motherfuckin' computers?
People, you all need to cool your horses on the politics.
That or a sword fight out back.
Sad at loss of Dwayne K.
Ward.
He will Be missed
We had so much fun at Cherry Tree Massacre this weekend.
Thanks so much to the Chimes for hosting us, and to you guys for coming!
/te
you better get your game face on!
I hate her hits 
whats up everyone
: Shes strong enough to walk away; but broken enought to look back.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
I love you austin!:
how do u make coughing look.
cute!!!!
CONGRATS ON YOUR HALL INDUCTION....YOU WERE ONE OF MY FAVS!!!!
Chicago for the night
The weaher today was perfect.
Now off to dinner with and friends.
Gambool later?
Meanwhile, Ann Romney is lucky she had the opportunity to be a stayathome mom.
I'm finna go check out my nigga new sht!
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine.
Flip Wilson
Great read.
I agree 100!
EraofKharma :
all having our own beds is awesome but we all wish we were at
We need a Walkerville of people living in tents made of those large Stand With Walker signs, because they're just going to waste.
Staying in luxury tonight at Hotel Albuquerque at Old Town.
So excited!!
SWEET CHEESUS LORD HAVE MERCY SKDJDJDJDKDNDJBDIDND
Cuomo: both parties have extremists in their conferences
Haha No elton john?
: My iPod is having a midlife crisis.
It's played so much Madonna and Whitney Houston in the last week.
I'd rather that you blow my mind than blow below my waist.
YouTube.com/KennAustriaTV
I feel absolutely beat :/
Nachos, Lemonheads, and my dad's boat, you wont go down cause my dick can float!
Next time you spend money at a mall go to fhtmus.com/indirawilliams thousands of stores all in one place and earn rewards
everyone's gettin engaged or havin babies, gives me the wedding fever cantwaitforthering :
The most sensitive cluster of nerves is at the base of the spine.
DYK?
Lynn Whitfield, humanitarian and actress; The Josephine Baker Story is a member of AKA.
..
RT:   ALL WEEKEND LONG!!
yeah I can't wait!
Yay!
Producers, submit beats to we need quality beats.
aww omg what happened?
Yes they will!
Getting my color fixed by the fabulousness at Kim Vo in the mirage.
I LOVE CODY SIMPSON!
RT IF YOU AGREE!!
Tip of the day: if your cheese isnt cheesy enough then alls you got to do is whiz some cheese whiz cheese on the cheese.
its too awesome for television
late work
It's so weird how bipolar I can be on a dancefloor.
Having a great time, but then feeling like bleh a moment later.
Hesitated!
: Hesitated!
: Have you abandoned all physical reading or have you hesitated to jump to digital books?
weird you didn't DM me :
bitches these daysSMFH
I Try To Follow People That Havent Tweeted In 23 Months..Its Less Pressure On Me
That Scorsese doc is good.
Some weird picture shimmering prob in WALKED WITH ZOMBIE but otherwise that set is awesome.
not around me :
awesome!!!!!!
We're a big fan of your work!
Cheers!
Baked red velvet cupcakes from scratch.
Get in my mouth now.
Looking into getting a new jogging stroller...
Rainy days are great for reading!
Loved meeting some young readers at the Westland Area Library this morning!
Wow, I walked in from my car and turned the game on to find that the tribe is now up 60 in the 4th with two on and 1 out
wow, kinda late to that geek parade eh?
Phone is being so slow!
..
A manicdepressive fan base matches a manicdepressive team.
Have fun tonight!
Time to relieve stress and sweat it out at the gym.
Ab roller I C U.
With la gringa
Bought a football at Dicks.
Gonna play a quick game with some guys, trying to get pumped for NFL.
Joe can sing.
ok,ok,just want you to focus on the full part of the glass and enjoy life as much as possible
best present I got for Xmas was your book.
Love it!!!
kids are outside....running and playing
Shopping carts double as strollers for your kids if you're poor/homeless
RT : Got a new pair of Cat Mids today.
See how they hold up to some bmxFlatland I'm used to
i'd say you're winning!
Damn!
RT I been single two long ass years.
Wtf is wrong with me.
Lmao.
Ford Mustang Raglan Shirt  Glory 1969 Adult White/Red
HIGH FIVE!
What's going on right now?!
um Full Monty, Greasebucket,  Cyrus Youngman in mocha's!
You should be here!
20month old revealed a preference for Grey Poupon direct from the jar today.
Freak?
Snob?
Freaky snob?
I am officially the worst person ever.
not.
a.
bad.
idea.
Harry Potter wasnt the only one breaking records last weekend.
Womens World Cup set records for number of tweets per second, with 7,196
New icon4
Based on my developer experience, the best way to create a new app is completely make yourself to think in a new way.
Thanks for the RT
I love females that have a sense of humor.
Serious moments are ok but sense of humor is the key !
Had a great talk with the AZ Tech Council about the 2012 Science  Tech Festival.
Hopefully we can help out!
New Chadima report details victim 2 as a former football player.
Alleges alcoholic doctornks were available in trainer's room after a game.
Anybody know me from itsmy add me k
Your My Favorite Rapper Also You A Spitter
jill scott , i love ya honey but yu can go now : i'm not a fan of your music.
well I wasn't complaining about him for once, but yes.
Rugby ninja.
When are you returning to Tuesday soccer?
haha
Vilma gets a year?
But Hargrove, who obstructed the investigations, only gets 8 games?
Must be because he told the NFL what was up
cos I love you?
I worry about you when your like this.
Off to work I go.
thanks loves!
Have a delicious spicey day!!!
Happy Birthday Nick i 3 you!!!
Hope you have a NICHOLICIOUS Birthday:
: Christopher Guest et all MVP, best thing all night.
Oscars I concur!
must not be tall enough cuz this six footer doesn't have any homework 
Good Morning everyone, sleeping in is such a rarity these days.
Appreciate those days a lot and a supportive wife to keep the kids off me.
I want some german chocolate brownies
Seriously NO one has said Narry yet!!
I keep getting Niams!
how do you win?
Gym time then pool!
Time to get motivated!
You know u really care when you have to try  convince urself otherwise.
my daughter is memorizing my hubby's line..yup shes on her way to being a actor or director
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought.
HIV has had a disproportionate impact on some communities.
HIV continues to affect gay and bisexual men more than any other single group.
RunSupport would help here......
: Agreed.
There are lots of us that want that for our city, you and I being only two of those folks.
Collaborate!
:
Def moving my domain and hosting to when they expire
If you have much, give of your wealth; if you have little, give of your heart.
Arabian Proverb
WE HAVE A PLAN FOR WHO WERE SMASHING CUPCAKES AT!
Happy new year!
totally!
it's all over bar the shouting, says Paul.
Good luck coach.
Was where ur last September.
Made it2the Elite8.
Hope2get farther this year.
Good luck again!
Wat u UP to
Did you seriously just blow in my ear?.
In big ways had way too much fun even though I yacked for and hour
so Tim Collins wears a glove.
he must love it.
it's old and shitty.
great fuckin story man.
Finally got around to watching doctorve last night.
Enjoyable picture, but it's another huge victory for composer Cliff Martinez.
Greatness.
This weekend is awesome for sports Olympic canoe/kayak trials , Presby Criterium uptown  2 local cycling races in Dilworth  NoDa!
Okay, weird roommate, if you're going to bring a guy over please 1.
Tell me 2.
Wait until I'm done making dinner and 3.
Tell me
Hopefully tomorrow will be a better day.
I mean it is Friday
In your opinion is there something more going on here if the time frame is that long?
I love how he cares so much 3.
you know the people involved have never stuck to anything for five days..that's too much like work in their world.
Experience the down home bleus sounds of Daddy Mack this Thurs.
RetroOnthePatio.
The video isn't that clear but the sound is...
Only Gronk.
I really wanna hang with this guy.
I agree, it's a myth.
I suppose if you are overeating it would be true but then again wouldn't that be true for any sport
no our team is a bunch of pricks
already they fuckin wit the right one!
Do ya thang lil mama!
If you don't understand the way I feel by now there's a good chance you never will.
And I won't wait around for you to catch up.
RT : Have your W2 Handy?
Plug in your numbers to the Federal Tax Payer Receipt and see where your money goes:...
Levinson says it 's as simple as Do not lie on your GAB paperwork.
Happy birthday to this little cutie named Liban 
Agreed.
I think one of the great things about social media is that you don't have to be an expert to use it!
Michael Bush to the bears!
I like it.
thats nice I can still eat fish..u like fish??
WhyisSBKLIVE missing me?
Groupon now offering a discount on their own stock...
New Costume Deluxe Muscle captainin America Costume
You bitch made, I'm old school !
Phyllis!!!!
Give her my best.
Life is partly what we make it, and partly what it is made by the friends whom we choose.
Chinese Proverb
I was made to love you 3
Anyone use Twitter to teach conciseness?
soul game tonight!!
nice to meet you:
hey just wanted to say...really beautiful work on GH yesterday.
Such honest work.
Super impressive.
well done!
Cuse game is prohibiting me from getting ready.
Maybe they will make a comeback while I am in the shower!
This is going to be one of the best NCAA FinalFour tournaments in years!!!
Lucky !
Hey!
Text me!!
us not use US!
It would make me the happiest if we decide to kick it tonight 3
it's so beautiful and different!
Any type of culture is beautiful on general so you'll have a great time!
:
Aw yea keep going lady you gon get yours.
Karma is a big bitch and she loves to snap on ya more and more.No 1 can cuff her not even can fuck
i love Justin Bieber's music but not even now is it cheering me up.
:
Why is Google TV trending?
nobody seemed to care about it 2 years ago
Brewers now 6 games under since hiring
Finally relaxing after a long day.
doctornking Belgian beer and watching the Life is good.
I'm gonna be in Montreal in Mayzies
Have you been snorting butter cream?
NM Environment Dept officials and Los Alamos fire chief emphasized greater spread of the fire is a more immediate concern than rads
Can't wait for Late Night with Jimmy Fallon to hear the new song Mercy by
31st Annual Jazz Spectacular :Concert and Swing Dance, Jazz Orchestra I and Vocal Jazz Ensemble GUEST ARTIST Vanessa Rubin, vocalist
I probably sound lame but I hugged Spencer!!
We are picking up where we left our relationship
never will I forget about u
thank you for your tweets
It's barely 8 in the morning and I'm already having a bad day.
Freaking great.
No snooze here....lets get it!
yeah good luck with that ;
Need some help promoting the dishcrawl debut in San Diego, can you please provide an email to send more information.
Thank you!
How lucky am I to have had finals today in the first slot at 745am and the last slot at 725pm.
It's beautiful!!
I love the organic yet controlled design.
my boo 3
Thanks for helping to spread the word about our 3/29 panel!
Agreed!
So many examples are U.S.
only.
Great work by
I just finished a 1.07 mi run with a pace of 10'03/mi with Nike GPS.
I was referring to the London blog posts from the fall.
We have to take care of the ball better it's not over.
But mistake free play is needed
Happy Friday Fans!
There's a family named Grayson in the show Revenge.
Now if u just change that a to an e we'd be good XD
Twitter breaks out of the microblogosphere and into 140 character space with the purchase of Posterous.
Ask your parents for Saturday!
Want to celebrate your birthday in style?
Have your party at the hottest teen dance club in the Midwest!
More info coming soon....
: ill kick totino's ass haha what?
BIG thank you to our Cars for Homes donors this year!
You've helped us raise 16, 871.61 since January!
Let's keep it up in the new year!
valkilmer...he is the bottle on the top shelf.
so worth the doctorve for some tapps 3a basketball ...
Going to the Armory show opening party tonight!
I had a great time last year taking some photos  hope to do the same this year.
Just once I would love to hear Gov.
Chris Christ say Harrison Ford owes him money.
I love seeing bicycle riders that are smoking cigarettes.
It's like the ultimate zen balance.

The party doesn't start until a Leo arrives.
Great podcast tonight which included a nice preview of the Hoosier basketball season!
Thanks, yes  now let's the enjoy the sun.
BadInfo.org  examples from the media, the Web, plus business cases and personal stories through history.
From DowJonesFactiva.
Boarding gate in Dallas to albqo
Wee Rescue and several other recue groups are at the Domain with their pups.
Come see the Wees and all the other dogs!
where ya been?
we hit ballerstatus all week next week on SB2K12 with a little surfing and skimmer in there
Good night
What do you have to do once you want to get rid of it?
Shave it all off?
la lala la
slow cooked some pork butt with an onion, carrots and turnips.
perfect for a cold rainy day when im feeling sick!
According to trade value chart, packers won the Worthy trade 390359 and Hayward trade 284166.
gravy for 2 great players
I'm trying to get some work done, and this dog keeps BARKING!
I'm about two seconds away from teaching it English.
If u don't want our state in your church, keep your church out of our state.
Can't tell who has shittier arm, Oakland QBs or Oakland pitchers.
This never would've happened if were still alive.

The secret of reaping the greatest fruitfulness and the greatest enjoyment from life is to live dangerously.
RT
Officially done with my freshman year of college!
Damn..suspensions way worse than what I thought it was gon be..not surprised tho
What do library vendors expect from librarians during a sales meeting?
Express the library's needs; make time to listen.
ProQuest Webinar
RT : Among other things there is a growing market for consultants who help businesses and organizations Go Green
Sounds like my grandmas gonna be staying here for quite a while

what's new with you?
bro we need to go play ping pong!
Thanks for helping us thank nonprofessort volunteer heroes!
sschat, discovery, pbl, student centered.
essential questioning all used to create rigorous lessons, yet still struggle with grades.
Nothing says romance like secret service and metal detectors....
Valentine's day dinner w/ and Obama at vermillion
The way I live my life: Not caring and keeping my hands in my pockets and my head in the clouds.3
I have basically 0 respect for America these days.
Havent been on twitter in so long!
I never loved the move because I'm a big Cervelli fan..
Girardi loves Stewart's defensive ability though.
now i have to go get gas and fail this dumb AP test with a bruised ankle
I really wish I could see the inside of my eyelids for more than 2 hours at a time...
thanks for the RT!!
Don't wait too long!
Oil changes are very important for your engine.
oh haha no he's not
Anyone want the good old days back?
Like May 10, 1990?
Im still here.
I swear.
Ive been busy.
And learning to spin records.......
Opened SHORT NZDUSD  .7601; 1 of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 76 SHORT
Lana Del Rey  Blue Jeans: via
I say what I think if anyone takes it personally they must be guilty  if the shoe fits feel free to wear it ;
Alright, I'm sorry for the obnoxious tweets, all right in a row.
It wasn't that he left, Bro.
Martin, it was that he chose to do it for an hour on TV.
While the whole world watched!!
i figga really bout to die in this iupui library!!!
..........um its goin down outside
Getting into bed: Pillow?
Check.
Remote?
Check.
Phone?
feels around...kicks cover...Phone hits wall and knocks battery out 
Yep every Tuesday and Friday are my upload days..so make sure and check out my new vids.
:D
New show added March 9th the Old Brogue in Great Falls, VA !
I'm on my way there now, when U coming....
Bring a coat
what's up woman?
Where have you been hiding?
got extrra faded yesterday !
Houston loves you!
You and wax were amazing tonight!
Next time you go on tour keep us in mind!
Wearing a Judas' video inspired outfit is the easiest thing ; LOL
hey wanna donate free taco coupons 2 the first few people that donate old cell phones to our fundoctoriser benefiting
I will look into that.
Greater is He that is in you than the one that is in the world!
MUSICNEWS Take an early holiday this year and get yourself to the John Foxx  The Maths gig in Madoctord, Spain on 26th May.
Don't think su
Today I am grateful for a wonderful husband, 3 amazing dogs and a fire to warm my bones!
the important question is, did the team win?
It's such a fun project.
I just finished The Shining on audio which was
I'm so exhausted I'm dizzy.
I don't have a day off till Monday!
But this event looks cool!!
You wouldn't coach football by lecturing about it for 9 years and THEN letting the kids go on the field.
So why do our schools do that?
Just watched the original Star Wars with my 6yearold son.
He loved it!!
That is why it will always be the best...it's timeless!
My mother is ill, please keep her in your prayers, if you can or care.
I am so worried.
Dworkin: here to present taxonomy of types of reading that are poetic, but not necessarily musical
Scandal time!!
Oh yeah, don't I look awesome tossing back shots...
Of Pepto?
Going on 14 hours now with this wicked heartburn.
I can't be your Superman.
Steve has shared a tweet with you 3 months for 99 two locations plus all group fitness classes are included
hockey predictions are like vacuums.
They all suck.
GOOD NIGHT!
Great share!
One of my 2012 goals is to go to a show at the Funhouse...
I keep imagining it's ridiculous and awesome inside.
now that I disagree with 100.
Kid played at 222 this yr.
Was 224 at Sr.
Bowl.
Was not out of shape.
crazy game.
I was hoping you made it home to watch.
:
WHAT HALF A BILLION BUYS YOU IN D.C.
huffpost For billionaire Peter Peterson, hoped for cuts to Social Security  Medicare.
What a guy!
My parents are going on vacation next week and they gave me permission to get doctornk with my friends...
Uh holler 
Off the cheer practice:
Can we start a music revolution!?!
It's a windy day!
Contact Desert Pool Cleaning to get your pool cleaned up!
We service Phoenix and Scottsdale.
www.desertpoolcleaning.com
CONGRATULATIONS Tim!
You've proven yet again that you're the Ninja Journalist I've always said you are!
We Thx u for your input!
Have a great weekend!
Peace and Love!
thank god your back christian i love u
my favorite was riding around following a boy band with my best friends for four days!!
LMAO RT : If a wife forbids her husband from reading playboy should the same rules apply to her for 50ShadesofGrey?
looks great!
thanks for the pic!
hey man weres justin bieber
Are you seeing snow in your area?
Send your photos to www.krqe.com!
feeling lascivious
Listening to local rapper Pashion...Copped her CD from her in Harlem over the weekend...the chic is nice...great music
Watching last nights Mad Men.
So excited!
Cia bounce takes down team takeover.
Tyler ennis pg has some game that is really developing.
Wiggins beast of course.
Where are you going to hide the Pizza Planet delivery truck in Brave?
What's this we're hearing about scarves in the future???
When I was young I observed that nine out of ten things I did were failures, so I did ten times more work.
George Bernard Shaw
was it of hazelnut creamer?
Haha
Haha, yes we should:
ouch!
I'm sorry to hear that.
AH followed you!!
I'll see you next Sunday.
Will be there for brunch.
Super Mario Bros.
for Wii !
Gonna be a good night:
Thanks Joan!
Would love to talk to !
any way to review calendar conflicts in outlook07?
don't want to review them day by day...
Off to school....
IMY to girlie it don't matter just let me know when
Can STAT's contract be voided because of this?
you're welcome!
We had a great time!
I think you got hacked guys/gals...
Thank you I got to be a cog in the machine!
Nasty Gal is basically Coachella...all year round...
Tonight's recap: Lower Body Power Circuit Training Workout  Intense Stretching  a 3 mile Fat Burning Power Walk.
It's recovery time.
Amen!
You are a former tax attorney  can you tell me what a statute staple is in today's tax law, and where it came from?
Miami tomorrow after school.
Fuck yeah!
fb is totally boring these days
It's funny how one person can make your whole day.
Sticks and stones may break my bones But chains and whips excite me 
: DT Marcus Stroud says he is considering return 2 NFL this season.
Please reunite with Jack Del Rio!
Today I FINALLY got to be that jerk in the parking lot who got your spot.
They got like 5 schools on the street!
The day totally flew by...
probably cuz of the doctorgs i hav 4 my allergies tht just make me doctorwsy, thts it, doesn't help at all.
Any holiday specials posted will be retweeted on our Twitter page and
guide me in your truth and teach me, for you are God my Savior, and my hope is in you all day long.
Psalm 25:5
I see so much of tmac in kevin durant
stop by Common Grounds coffee  meet Derek  Graham of b4 5pm if u r in the area :
had a great time being interviewed by john and allie from swingerscast..
NP Photographs  Rihanna
I dnt even know your last name
If you play to win, as I do, the game never ends.
Stan Mikita, hockey player
Cats have over one hundoctord vocal sounds.
Dogs only have about 10.
Posting some more pictures up
RT : Great clubs, incl.
Seattle.
Why overhype Sounders?
Look at Keller's clubs.
No big ones there.
Seattle right there.
You never achieve real success unless you like what you are doing.
Dale Carnegie
apparently today is NationalBestFriendDay happy day!
You better be celebrating.
please stop sending me the same automated message over and over; it is getting annoying.
I have already asked once.
Peace.
OMG THE 24 HOUR SHOW WAS THE BEST I WON A SIGNED WEBCAM AND HE SAID MY NAME OMG DID YOU GET THE GOD DAMN VIDEO.
RT : Congratulations.
Youve succeeded in hurting a girl who truly loved you.
I say we chow on some chipotle to celebrate 
Q4: Clean workstation.
Order  rhythm of the process better than any equipment.
Hockey players have the best last names.
You gone write me up cuz I dont have my hw done for another class for tomorrow you ain't ma teacher !
That's why it's called homework!
HA
less then 5 days until the FreedomwalkNYC2011 save the date, learn more at www.FreedomWalkNYC.org
Almost 10 PM, maybe I should start studying...
Awesome, congrats on the house : //cc
Ok Coffee doin its job and all will be well
If I'm immediately bored by the powerpoint about how to teach, does that reflect upon the lesson?
Guys.
I can't breathe right now.
Oh dear Jesus, lord above.
Phillip Philips, father my childoctorn?
AND HOW WAS THE SPRINGSTEEN CONCERT???
really wanted to go!!
love bruce.
did he do badlands?
Hoping the homeless found shelter during the snow storm this weekend.
Donate warm, doctor clothes to Denver Rescue Mission.
Merry Christmas everyone : don't take the season for granted, cherish every moment!
plus lots of eyecandy that won't make me fat.
Enjoy DC!
Not sure about the sculpture of Kennedy.
What's the story behind it?
What did the students think of it?
The only thing i hate about it getting warmer is all the damn bugs
um so long as the same thing doesn't happen again I'm glad to work with you
Thank You for your help, Happy New Year ;
thank you Lord for allowing me to see another day!
I am SO SO SO DONE
A lot of buzz on Stanford WR/KR Chris Owusu today after his Pro Day performance yesterday.
we liked hearing about your racquetball realtor friend, do you play as well?
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher.
Dalai Lama
dunno...wish I could see it with you!
That would be an extra butter topping event.
Wish someone would just come out with somethin different from this whole skinny jeans auto tunes crap...if so, then don't sleep on Colorado!
whitepeoplewednesdays doctorm circles.
Music festivals.
Salvia and mothafuckin coors light son!
...together
omg he is SO hot!
And my fav show .....
My auto correct eve phone will be laughing its add off, I meant ASS!
Seekingmotivated Legal Assistant with Personal Injury exp for our client that values a strong GPA.
Great place to work!
Call 8813449 today
A person must stand very tall to see their own fate.
Danish Proverb
1!
The moms  I wanna go cherry pickin' w/the wee ones!
RT : When do you expect sour cherries to be ready?
Does Not Follow Back 
Obama camp's walking a pretty fine line in claiming their ad was attack on Romney but not private equity.
Were his actions esp heinous?
Anyone dying to see the Vikings on Sunday?
tickets section 214, row 15, seats 9 and 10  face value 74.
Will take 50/each.
heard that this week by MS1s who just developed Osmosis flashcard program that's a huge hit at
Monooccult.
Thanks for the link and interest!
We have passed your info on to the proper channels!
Thanks!
Capitale tomorrow!
AlanQuinlan1: sorry I forgot to pack you in the suitcase today kid some..
every song you put out bodies the last...
incredible man.
Muhammad Ali was the kind of guy you either loved or hated, but you wanted to see him.
I happen to really love him.
Gerry Cooney
thanks bro...really would love to get some exposure...what can u suggest?
don't forget UWSP also.
What the hell Idol voters?
Jessica and Joshua are clearly the most talented competitors.
Bottom three MY ASS!
don't think so.
Someone in a Purdue dorm reported it too
I need to step up my athletic game..
I've lost a bit of quickness...
Wise men say, only Fools rush in.
But I can't help falling in love with you!
I got so wasted last night  I mean, I wasted last night playing Call of Duty.
Thinking of memories from Florida with my advisory :'
watching jersey shore on netfix  doing my research paper for health
you too!
love your board short!
haha you weren't my Facebook friend yet!
; free cake!
Lol
Now this movie just reminds me of an episode of Emergency
bc then it won't come true baby :
People watching is one of my favorite things.
I feel like its not normal when my chest cracks
I succumbed to the siren song of this dive bar.
I need crazy tracks email to including your contact info..
School time catch u later tweets
Great show man you killed it!!
Thanks again for the hookup!
I hated 3rd rock too.
Glad I wasn't the only one.
;
I'm running early today maybe that's it.
RT : Great bosses are servant leaders.
They guide, listen, praise,  remove hurdles so others THRIVE.
SC Edmonds
Looks like a nice chilly day out there.
Time for some BBQ around the fireplace.....
Where youth are invested wholeheartedly in their economy: Costa Rica universities.
Ecotourism is their future and their hope.
rest of world uses MARC21 or USMARC..
In France, we don't like to do like everyone else, so we use UNIMARC.
what's tht mean
same!
Lol don't know why I said 3 My momma and my dad used to watch the games all the time and apparently my 1st words was Rangers
Making Puerto RicanStyle Roast Pork Shoulder from How to Cook Everything.
Looking forward to the final step: whack it up into chunks.
Thanks for the follow and !
Now, lets save the world!
Just realized I hit 7.O tweets...
Ay man im 15yrs old you thiink i can take creatine or am i gonna fuck my shit up?
you kno im a Young Thannng pls reply
Interesting to see my friends from WI support UW and Marq.
this time of year even if didn't go there.
Doesn't happen for MA folks and BC.
you are now legally able to get doctornk.
happy birthday.
:
Kids these days..
Rest In Peace.
Love you, big brother.3
I have to say the best hiphop/rap artist of all time is
my 2nd favorite side of you, ha!!!77
Of course I sit next to the loud dude waiting for Obama, morale is low, food scarce, can't...go...on...
I think if we just focus on Roger Clemens and Sen.
Edwards' dick we'll figure this thing out
The Q of the day is simple...witch a witch?
What do you get back?
Brian Mitchell's twitter timeline is hilarious.
Iwant a blue coconut cream slush from sonic 
I can take these 85 degree working conditions no longer
It's opening night for Everybody Loves Chlamydia at the !
So excited!
If they turned the power out in here, I think I would still be able to see Grant Hill's shoes.
Just got my tickets for in PDX.
Yeah be jealous, I get to see Conor.
that could be the stupidest analogy ever.
I'm not lost you know were to find me you just never cared to look smh but its all good
Argentina here we come.
Whats the best thing about being away from home?
My school financial aid office dnt ever answer the phone.
I said hi to DeWayne..
he said nothing hbu.
Uh..
The fuck are you on?
First year of not getting an award.
Never knew u could give ur all n sumbody just take advantage of it.
We are expanding our network of sponsors!
Get in contact with us!
Perpetuities have returned at least in part in South Florida courtesy of the
Its easy to underestimate the power of a kind word,a friendly smile,a genuine compliment,a word of encouragement,  a listening ear.
Most Outstanding contribution in reggae  Brigadire Jerry
I already miss the break ugh school :
Because Notre Dame has as more proggs and proaborts with tenure than believing Catholics?
I can barely feel my feet.
Arsenal play AC Milan today and Vintage Reggae Winter Fest on Sunday...what a wonderful week
indefinitely, but the Bach pad is a construction zone so CPBG it is.
So glad it's the weekend!
absolutely NOT.
Thanks for clarifying.
explains the origins of Media Commons  her recent work: from thinking about digital presses to digital networks: new ecologies
Justice of Trayvon Martin!
We won't sleep!
that's awesome!
I love that book!
Won't be long until that is MD.
RT : BREAKING: Washington state governor signs gay marriage bill into law; measure takes effect June 7
I saw y'all on Nightline last night and I STILL want to be Janelle's BFF.
:
My Mom said that the Outback in Springfield was on fire today.
speaks about the technology gap  learning skills.
ACS addoctorsses a key population that not everyone pays attention to
You never know what love is until you loose the one you love the most.:' R.I.PZachPebsworth3.
My cousin.
A goal is a doctoram with a deadline.
Who has been a bigger surprise?
Thought of you when I read this!
RT : Courage is being scared to death and saddling up anyway.
John Wayne
Like it hot?
head for Borrego where you'll find upper 90s.
Everywhere else will be cool  60s/70s through Friday
thank you for the RT!
Follow me,Is Awsome related to Watch Desperate Housewives Online
Frog leg festival in Fellsmere, FL today then Lonestar in Stuart, FL tonight for lessons.
See ya on the dance floor!
And Genius will add Wiz Khalifa to this playlist but not Guilty Simpson?
I would make my own playlist, but that's just too time consuming
thanks for following Maauh!!
the Lunsford article points out that writing overall has increased because of shorthand.
I think it also helps in development.
Your imagination is your preview to life's coming attractions.
Albert Einstein doctoram Big!
Going back to sleep
related news, I fly out tonight!
Yeeeeeee
The concept of a classist space war appealed right off,  once I found the main characters, the rest flowed.
What a phenomenal game!!
OMG it's incredible.
People tune in.
Tied bottom of 9th.
Braves vs Phillies.
I miss watching dominate the badgirls house x she was so entertaining ...
:o
Wildavsky rankings key benefit: provide external benchmark  and here to stay in Age of Accountability
What's the strangest food you discovered while abroad?
Glycominds jumps on positive personal MS diagnostics trial
nope, they were MIA.
preaching to the choir..i'm a fan.
but i still love that quote from 'the 40 yr old virgin'.
this is ashleyolson I will be there tomorrow.
Where r u at?
I will be in SoCal w AshPederson!
Roddy White cant do it all

RT : Wouldn't that be nice?!
Can't get funding.
thank you my friend.
I'm trying to pee, and bailey keeps banging on the door.
And now shes playing with my underpants.
thanks glad i'm not alone.
Kinda feels nice if I walk slow ; lmao
Their live to inspire people, gotta fridayfollow the folks from : , ,
Back to work in 31 minutes and counting...
Have a fabulous Friday!
My new word is Fancy.
Everything is....fancy...
Please follow me.
: Thats all I want.
How fun that my family are streaming my performance online tonight!
Yay technology!
:
awesome!
I'm picking up wicked lovely today and I am going to books for the beast!
You?
Most mellow song ever 3 I'm Jim Morrison I'm dead  Mogwai
Playing good poker live and online this last week and going this week.
DC; Join me at the SE Tennis Center tomorrow.
It's early voting time for this quad.
See You there and leave your pencils/pens at home!!
Hey ms I just left the compton court bailing a client out
How is there this much traffic at 7pm?
My child is freaking out in the back of the car.
momma momma mommy mommy momma ....
ha ha ha..love it!
It's especially embarrassing when you are in a restaurant and the waitress addoctorsses you by name.
Florida bound ;
It was only a matter of time.
Bill agrees  bears need to learn too!
Dude brought a bobble head of himself  Emily...creepy.
Excited to start another kitchen update...a small one...still waiting to finish up last bits of the larger one I've been working on!
report report report.
share the good work that you are doing.
grantors are interested in what worked and what didn't
preach : Womens soccer is so clearly the best women's sport.
second?
dudes lacrosse
LOL...
good one!
Aw what's up babe?
Don't just check it...fill that bubble in completely.
Lol.
We need every vote for AlphaAction to count.
Thanks good brother!
Oh crap just saw Aaron's text!
On my way!
do you not own an ereader or do you prefer print?
With the disclaimer you are covered.
I was speaking in general.
If you have hair down to your bum, I envy you.
you are just a cool cat!
im a former Marine turned web designer.
Thanks for the rt!
Thoughts on the site?
love this quote, so true!
I thought we were playing telephone?
Regression analysis is surprisingly fun.
I'm burning up in this heat!
Why is it so hot?
:
Happy mothers day mister shepherd
Shower Flow...
can follow me?
I have a question about tomorrows
Chief Keef,Reese,King Louie,Meek Mill
Greetings to you too!
Didn't know you were out west.
When are you back?
would the Flyers consider trading Bryz?
Making balloon animals and painting faces could be your job!
Also, some of us may require a babysitter/lifecoach on tour.
Love love LOVE me some Low helpdesk request responded to in 12min, resolved in 30.
Working this a.m.
Going to golf outing in Crete, IL this afternoon.
HECK YEAH IT'S SPARTA!!
300 is a great movie
True life: i am jealous of my sibling...more like True Life: I am a doctornk fat bitch.
plus if you use it daily you'll have a hard time putting the weight back on, even with cheat days and stuff
Something will come thru for u.
Keep your head up.
props to for herding the thousands of cats that made pycon2012 possible
If you have your own car your instantly hotter ;
tell him I said please
: Once you go to sleep on saturday night the fuggin weekend is over.
Back to black hair Friday...
Maybe
Everything is made in China except for babies ...
They'remade in VaChina.
okay good!
:
RT  Madden12Facts If you pick the Jacksonville Jaguars you can set stadium attendance mode to one, two or three people.
Ok then :
No sleep?
Now checking messages
Wanted: study materials for State of NM Life/Health Insurance Exam.
One more info session left until final app deadline!
Email if you can join Jan.
11 at 6:00 pm
After the holidays off, this wasn't easy!
But I was here in the gym.
Made some new friends.
Start weight training tomorrow.
more shitty chains that take away from local business.
Real fucking excited.
i am watching ur stop bullying video 3 Ur so inspirational i get bullied and it does not feel good but i stay strong
Everybody keep sending these followers to your boy
I will just tell her I brought some extra glitter home for the cascarones!!!!
;
Maybe moderated and turned into a podcast by someone like you.
who can't stop reading imagines?
I know I can't stop I love her imagines!!!!!
Lol if only it were that easy
Michel Gondoctor unveils indie film 'The We And The I' trailer  watch: High school graduates ride the bus one last time in the new Mich...
I'm seeing ONCE mothers day.
Let me know how Peter is, want to see that next :
Anyone have any ISTE2011 hotel rooms to spare?
yeah I am,schools out at the end of may
thanks man, but Ty Rattie's game is what's beautiful
...I'd like to hope that classical, instead of on an assumed pedestal, is considered one aspect of a vital, real mix  wishful thinking
We have some exciting news in the works.
Stay tuned...
Hey NYC, anyone want to come and see with me tonight at 10?
Meet me at AMC7 tickets still available
rocking a middle part today!
scary!
Did it hurt???
Hurt what???
Wen you feel from Heaven......
LOL
yay for dance icons
we going to be ghostly brothers
Interesting fact from , no superbowl loser has returned to the superbowl game the following year since 1993!
Headed to TX tmister.
On my packing list: sunscreen, cowboy boots, beer money  a shameless collection of country music on the ipod.
Yee haw.
yo do you work with vers'?
Not enough monster sex
RT The US university fellowship, the permission to travel gives everyone a facesaving way out of the Chen Guang Cheng doctorma.
sorry i'm falling down on the job today.
i'm tired and busy and don't think you want to know every time i transfer a phone call.
am i right?
Join a video collective about residents of
Good job  good luck from WI!
RT 3 and 1 on the day.
Play UBC first thing tomorrow
lol im not worried bout it aint nun bt some thirsty females that done said the shhh .....
Take you down nice and slow
aww shnap!
I love you too!
And I've been taking voice lessons ya heard??
Hey man, do you know why I would be unable to register to join your forum?
You site never allows me to register.
I truely believe the one person most impressed with is Rachel Zoe.
New track on the ay ft.
my lil girl called!!
Wolfram's new CDF looks interesting for people hip to Mathematica to make webpages w/ datadoctorven interactive widgets.
www.wolfram.com/cdf
Yeah, it is kinda hard cause retards move too much
Asked BF to name something I'm good at: Reading...falling asleep early.....waking up early.
All the qualities you look for in a mate, yes?
Strange sight: Live turkey loitering on the sidewalk in Staten Island this morning.
justhangingout nobigdeal waitingforthebus?
Thanks!
I love yours too!
Did you make it?
;
So full I look like a bloated pregnant woman.
i called finical aid at buff state and they told me tuition is a lil over 3000 and that i have more then enough and if i wnna
Kudos to PowerPoint users who just put up images!
No text to read  me listening to what you're saying.
I want to see pictures
I find it engaging that most folks arrange their vacations with far better care than they do their lives.
lol .
Ms.oatmeal , ohh that sucks .
I'm in need for one.
If interested, I'd love to see some of your work.
.
El Cajon business owner Ben Kalasho, who ran for council in 2010, speaks to council to present myself as a possible appointee.
Justice Jorgenson presents on eenvironment in ILstate courts: beginning w/ CJ Kilbride's words in June 2011 press release
Finally you asked me out3
I'm tickled to have new Dunkin' Donuts in the area!!
Welcome :D RT : TOP SECRET: Check out
gonna make u shit bro lol watch
Yea EVERYTHING is bigger in Texas.
Even damn roaches.
I'm moving to Alaska.
I'm sure they don't have em there a
Thundered the fuck up.
Eddie and Isaac will be at 's show at The Rock tonight, so come hang out with them and enjoy some sweet pop punk!
its still in the books for me brother, we'll be okay.
Ironically the original flag of the Confederacy is now the flag of Somalia
Out today on beatport: Raoul ZernaLove The Things You Do and DamienBoogie Beats vol.1
A little closer than I would have liked.
Glad you had fun watching the Nats reclaim 1st place
Horrible information has been released about what happened to the Powell boys before they were killed by Carbon Monoxide Poisoning yesterday
Have you ever put FUCR into google???
lol I like the one about Cannabis and hemp!
the other one scares me!
The Coliseum and the Islanders are a top priority.
Losing them and all that comes with them is not an option.
Harry Connick, Jr.
turns 44 today.
I love him.
I think he's a good person and very talented.
Floyd got Justin b and triple h walking in the ring with him.
Moneyteam all day
Squirrel!!
Lmao...that gets me every single time.
Anyone who's ever seen the movie UP knows what I'm talking about.
check the group
Get your bass saxophone on tonight with Miss Cherry Delight  at 8 pm.
Best hot jazz in town  just 10
don't know what the wall is.
I do stories occasionally about the Trinity Cafe  try  keep in touch.
if you're out there, give us a follow!
i'm curious to see who uses this crazy twitter thing.
Getting ready to melt some face!
This winter break was far too long...
Sex is kicking death in the ass while singing.
Thanks for the tweet, Tracy!
We're getting excited for National Walking Day next week!
andoctorid for now.
We text 24/7, but when we meet, it's so awkward.
q Rico papa!
Good Morning Everyone :
iPad3 is 4G, great for the US, damn what are we waiting for in France
PhDStudentPanel regarding librarians 'cold calling' grad students by email to offer services: yes, please put us on a listserve!
Be authentic today.
ItsBritneyBitch who's in?
Aville come say hi!
: how come  D12
Ed has more than 30 years of strategic and marketing consulting experience.
Even Castles made of sand, fall into the sea, eventually.
Jimi Hendoctorx
My brother averages a doctorid a year.
Me, a few months.
What do I do to them, you ask.
they fly off my bike, get hit in rainstorms, etc.
I can't download it!
Won't let me find it in appworld...
you do it for me?
ha
ing for a queen for this king sized bed
...Now I know why he keep blessing me, Now I know why he keep blessing me,Now I know why he keep blessing me...So I can Bless U U U
tell him to tweet me a picture of his dick
I hope you are doing better!3
Have fun out there!
twitteractivity tweet a pic of you holding your hearts up for a special video compilation of the single!
:
feel like watching the Avengers.
wanna watch with me anyone?
:
Hash browns found!
Eating outside MetroDinergreat morning!
Facebook is on the way out
My head is gonna be so unfocused for the next 3 weeks because ill be focused on one thing.
Officers from 15 WI law agencies are assisting Madison police, Capital police, State Patrol, Dane County Sheriff's, UW police, DNR.
Hope you're feeling better, honey!
Does anyone have one of those Carry On sized suitcases that a boy like me could borrow from Monday till next Wednesday?
Flying to Midwest.
: Fuck people who put you down, they're not worth your time.
Somebody get me a corndog!
Watching UFC  farting my brains out,good times.
My farts smell like Cinco De Mayo  hotdog water.
BOUT 2 POUR AH 8 IN AH 2LITTER AND KILL MYSELF!
ill give you a nice bag a skittles if you follow me;; lolz
When I stand or sit next to people, I get a bit paranoid that they can hear what I'm thinking.
can I get a weekend weather outlook in there as well?
Is there any active development going on for b2evolution?
Most things on the website seem to be several years old.
Sporadic rain showers and I didn't bring the rain boots today for the very moist ride home.
Out come the plastic grocery bags.
TNC10 25 million people in socialist system, govt operated, with highest satisfaction in US: Veterans  Howard Dean
Lol.
Nothing set in stone haha.
Just an idea miss!
Today I have the pleasure of presenting our Social Media for Job Seeker's Workshop for San Diego Housing Authority
Love how GOP blames Obama and Clinton for economy but credits Bush for Bin Laden.
Their history timeline looks more like a knot.
Happy Monday All!!
xoxo www.kissandim.com
I just heard a siren in the coffee place I'm working at.
It wasn't a siren, though.
It was a little boy warning me what's comin 4 me
is on the National Mall, picnicking, celebrating the 4th of July  waiting for the fireworks.
Happy Birthday America!
Mother's Day is around the corner!
What to get Mom?
from on right now with great gift ideas
i already knew
Been in costume almost all day since 8am...wee bit woozy.
avatar reminds me of ferngully.
to me this is a good thing.
Kenan makes a cute baby!
get at me some time!
I need to see you 3
remember when you used to text me all the time?
Yeah, I miss that, girl.
It's so attractive when guys actually have high morals and standards for women these days.
Very rare though.
Bomb scare NYC at 46th st and Hudson river!
Cops just blocked off the running/bike path.
In Intrepid?
pens goal.
My grandad was always afraid of dying from a heart attack.
Guess how he died...
From a heart attack.
:'3
I eat it 'creamy'...are you cooking then baking it?
A parent compliment goes a long way.
Thanks Annie T.
from California, we're glad your son loves his Trumpet!
Awesome!
Keep up the photos so we can live vicariously through you.
still here!
finish up!
:
I haven't checked the weather out there yet.
Hoping for the best!
im gonna be 16 in 44 days :
Watchin the ships sail in and out of the harbor,waitin for the right one to hitch a ride with,and there it is..the one you have waited for!
Does anyone know if the chemistry quiz was hard?
Me  are too raw!
swinging oppositeways 
thanks!
RT : Great people doing great things ..
Congrats on the new position!!
MichaelGelb 2011icf By picturing externally you stimulate your ability to picture internally.
I agree.
We really need learn how to protest in the southwest
will you buy our music?'
Can it be Friday yet?
Show us your unfailing love, O LORD, and grant us your salvation.
Psalm 85:7
Heading home soon.
Had fun up here with Teena and Jen.
Work at 9am
WTF Wednesdays Tonight at Davenport LoungeSA
MOTHA FUCKIN G.O.A.T BITCH
Take advantage of our July special: 49 monthly group class membership!
Take yoga, pilates, cardio.
kickboxing for 49 a mth
If you're in Pittsburgh, its a great evening for some outdoor dining.
Get out and see some of the new culinary additions to our area.
The morning's libation easing the sting of a 2:30 wake up call, erasing the suckitude of today.
no more jumping on the bed!
Watching tv with tony and jake
Awesome pic!
loveit re: Camera Department..
And yes, it was freezing!
:
The Advancement  Sunflower
Absolutely, unequivocally, 250 obsessed with Don't trust the B in Apt 23  so.
freaking.
funny.
happy birthday!
Aww I'm back down to 699 followers again wHy???
Unbelievable!
D;
RIGHT??!!!
I thought that was a little freggin nuts.
OK, just checking....RACE ON!!
Haha
lol I'm usually right abt in the Pleasure/Relationship department!
Haha
RT Good morning ATL make your day GREAT by planning LUNCH at open 11am
fosho unless u wanna come help wash a car
My brain is turning to mush
Thank you!
: retweeted!
when you walk up behind me and scare me  
you are welcome.
Thanks for writing it!
Happy Friday :
...how bad are irregular sleeping and eating habits....
Man, I forgot how awesome the doc When Were Kings is.
Thanks, Netflix instant.
Loving my life
Yeah!!!
Awesome way to start the show!
Great job !
ohh Brian is the one that emailed me!
Brian smith
Interesting Health Fact of the Day: The human body contains over how many miles of DNA?
What's your guess?
Newark's Best Kept Secret...El Pastor Patio!!!
Party!!!
Hello.
I follow you.
Would you follow me?
Thanks.
Much love.
doctor Spanish
Thanks for this Alex.
Glad you found it interesting.
Wish things had gotten better for Jazz in the 7 years that have elapsed.
Those other topics: art culture books media writing criticism lgbt and more.
That's my new plan.
RT ChienMing Wang plans to make his next rehab start Thursday at Harrisburg.
We're excited you're coming!

Love your twitter!
Very detailed and informational.
Who would you rather scissor?
or ??
couldn't agree more Nights like these are perfect for baseball games...someone getmetofenway
The 11th Annual Dog Days of Summer is Here!
Enjoy 2 for 1 doctornk specials on house cocktails at Twins Jazz Club Sat.
Aug 7  Sun.
Aug 8!
That moment where you are alone at night walking down the street preparing for a ninja attack.
That sounds delish!
Celtics will kill you Philly..
soon!
lol I've been over there a lot lately.
we have to see about gettin you up here inbox me!!
: FF because she's pretty  seems like a veryy good friend .
aww girl, your soo sweet  pretty too 3
isn't that game kinda like warhammer?
Lmaoo ill be alright
so poetic.
you're such a writer!
but i'm pretty sure you made some AP mistakes...
Did you enjoy the gorgeous weather this weekend like we did?!
Sunday Funday was a huge hit on our patio!
yeah i will pass
Officially counting down to the school library internship.
I'm excited and terrified.
1/24 and the shit hits the fan y'all.
you're too funny haha!
RT : this nigga is in his GLORY right now!
hahaha My nigga
Some exciting numbers: has gained more than 600 new followers in the last six months.
People are getting sick of the Newt/Romney Show
agree, but semantics is best left 4 technology rather than word play...doctorambig sounds better than envisionbig.Touche!
Missing and Hyperbole and a Half, hope you're doing well!
hahaha I would have brought them back
is seeking two/three interns for fastpaced marketing company in Georgetown, DC.
Social media, writing required.
DM for deets.
When I grow up I want to but a HUGE house with a TON of land and rescue dogs from the kill line and get them re adopted
David McIntosh Promises to Serve No More than 6 Terms If Elected To Congress, Signs the U.S.
Term Limit Amendment Pledge
This Mexican boy just told me i'm fucking cute lol the way he said tho 
Texts btwn me and Mom...
Me Can I use blue Prismacolors for eye shadow tonight for my 80s party?
Her Better use acrylic.
i3myartistmom
is there a way to meet you at spin before or after a show for us underage RPdoctorfans ?
woo that what i was waiting for
RT : RT : Don't forget  tonight is the Teen Volunteer Fair at the Hockessin Library.
We hope to see you there!
I've wondered about that myself.
I notice that a great many posted comments are spamulent in nature.
Thank you for the follow
Kings will meet New York in the Cup Finals.
I'll call that without a doubt now.
Met this AM with ED of Bflo Grassroots Gardens...putting our many MT lots to good use, like healthy food.
Good work being done in the BLo!
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
Henry J.
Kaiser
Knicks get destroyed by the raptors and the bucks destroyed charlotte!
Did you know that the average woman smiles about 62 times a day, and men only smile about 8 times?
Do you agree?
WOTD: A Wilco fan can help ya RT : Cool, since no one with a car wants to go see wilco wit!
h me, I can't go.
Just awesome.
.
Great point!
That guy's done!
Ignorance is love And i need that shit Kid cudi
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Well, Julie got home last night from Nebraska with her new toy...
A new Corvette convertible!
I can't believe how significant this game feels, considering it's only round 1 game 2.
Since the world apparently won't end before tipoff, let's bring the rapture upon the Mavs!
ThunderUP!!
no no honey , just no
will be attending the last Tuesday in the Plaza in Healdsburg, goodbye summer:
love this motto!
I will join you in that!
3
Know what's weird?
Day by day, nothing seems to change.
But pretty soon, everything's different.
never mind.
I see paper.li can you professort from that?
Ocala, FL Need females for photoshoot.
Nudity involved.
Pay is 100 dollars.
i might as well be an only child..
Why does this kind of action happen after the fact Americans have been eating this foolishness 4 years!
The alkaline diet and what it does
Considerations that need to made are how to tackle the massive amounts of information being produced online today
I'm also kind of wondering what the 13yearold pictured is doing in 5th grade.
today should be the day you follow me:
Yes!
1 : So awesome to be at !
Stoked to finally get to meet in person!
Tweety Got IRL Friends!
3 BigOmaha
Perspective check.
CNN's Breaking News banner is this: 'Modern Family' wins the 2011 Emmy for for best comedy series.
Bb is up again, temporarily.
Switching servers was not as seamless as they had implied.
elders/HT's.
not as personal, but just as good
you gots to chill.
That my shit right there
thanks man!
looking forward to some forest solitude.
wow only 6 minutes?!
That's crazy!!
Oh well, we'll catch her next one :
this is officially the most boring saturday ever
Woking on an interesting ml training set while watching war games.
so I wanted to tweet both you guys and see what's up with tomorrow.
Tiny any ideas?
Hahahahaha
Very cool!
Happy FF to you!
RT : We allow dogs on our patio!
Bring em by!
We believed then and now there are no limits to growth and human progress when men and women are free to follow their doctorams.
R Reagan
I so which he would remove himself out my life...
I wouldn't have to be so ruthless if you would just back off and get over it.
At least those of us in the 717.
Heading to NYC for Legal Tech; meeting Sonnet there to see what's new in legal research!
Reluctantly coming to twitter.
clickclickclick what number are you on now?
If its even possible to count that high...
I want a blanket made from Alice Hoade's hair
Do women find other women with glasses more intimidating or less?
love you too sugar mama
LTBroadcasts On this date in 1911 King George V held his first court in Buckingham Palace.
A nigga don't care wtf yo friends got to say tf?
Idgaf about nobody input
im going to bed goodnight!
I'm torn ...
is it really worth the trouble to make a screengrab of 10/10/10 10:10 in one hour, or is the real prize 11/11/11 11:11?
Tweeting All Accessibility Champions  Let's Follow Each Other.
Together we can Open Society's Doors and Minds to barrier free access!
wins the Internet.
Patch the small hole in the roof
30Rock writers: Just kill Kenneth off already.
Geez.
Since it will be the Black Mamba vs.
the Durantula, should the game be televised on Animal Planet?
oh, that's professorund coming from campaign consultant!
Follow the 
hey, check out my friend's new ebook on amazon: You are a Writer, So start acting like one.
frankie beans is boarding He got to play with Boomer Jr and Stedman today
Need more followers
To the BPO.
Director of Marketing
doctornking a Shiner Bock at Love Field.
No doubt  it's much, much worse in the political realm, where things actually matter.
Translate to Gov  Politics
You mean I won't get to see half of Copley's portrait of Paul Revere!?!?
But the bottom half is my favorite part!
cant wait to see GCB
Who wants free sunglasses???
Look for us all over campus giving away free btownmenus goods!
Ask about us!
I have tasted heaven and it is San Pelligrino Pompelmo flavor.
Guitar amp pioneer Jim Marshall dies aged 88 Another sad day : 
Taking a cold shower
how lovely and true.
Maybe the most brocentric press release ever written: PENNYWISE TEAM WITH XBOX LIVE FOR ALBUM STREAM.
At least they know their market.
welcome, lmao !
Yeah : what grade are you in?
3
Ha!
RT ppl r complaining about the snowpocalypse now, but in 9 months when 1/2 of them are in labor, they'll REALLY be complaining.
aye just chill my nigga we just clown ...he over there gettin salty...come on man we sapose to be brothers lol
The power of knowledge...
Can they fit on my 96 Carolla?
RT : Damn near bout to give these 26's away!!
Who want'em??
None of those sound like anything I would want to do during a workday with my coworkers, except possibly baton twirling.
:
She aint you  Chris Breezy 
yo call me
the parade was a blast!
Hopefully you caught one of our beer koozies that we were throwing out.
wow congrats!
Hope you have that Animal doctorm set saved somewhere.
I will be tweeting sporadically from the mn gop convention.
hey, thank you!
Will you follow me too?
;
Opening at 5pm tonight, with happy hour from 57pm!
Were all the sexy women at mentiion me and say hey
HahahaRT : My son on ,When he sees or talks about Tebow, it looks like he gets fully torqued!
....LOL
I'M COMING BACK.
Write it down in big letters.
Well what is YankeesUniverse waiting for...Mo has spoken!
aw I love her I miss u guys so much!!!
: And just like that it got cold.
LAisaDesert
J Montero leaves game after taking a couple of foul tips in same AB.
hate to see the price on an authentic.
YIKES!
first of many homers at a Cub.
Congrats!
Stopped at a new Mexican Restaurant 4 some lunch takeout.
No Corn Tacos on the menu.
Too fancy for Corn Tacos, Seor?
did you need to borrow my snuggie?
like what the cartoon version of jersey shore??
CAN'T LIFE BE doctorMA FREE?I WISH IT WOULD JUST BE FUN, NOT HAVING ANY HAVE RESPONSIBLITYS!!!!!!doctorAM:NGU
yes another yr but like old wine its gets better the older it gets!!!
: a new twist.
Haven't yet heard of a lawyer vampire.
This your first book?
Everyone is telling me to get more active so thats the plan for 2012

Who do u think will win the SemiFinal of Uefa Champions League Reply Barcelona or Chelsea
Lol..
he got a baby mamma now :p
Just picked up some great books at samuelfrench on sunsetblvd.
Ah I could spend days there!
On the Coloured Light of the Binary Stars and Some Other Stars of the Heavens by Christian Doppler
Just got a haircu finally :
semi naked nerd pics will always be my vote.
Hahaha
Q9.
One place you've gotta go before you kick the bucket?
up and tired but bout to hit the bed...
she's hot!
new ava and new username wdyt?
Alphabetical order FTW!
Need suggestions for a laidback, budgetfriendly vacation spot for November.
never stop...but maybe take a nap!
Stop beating women.
After dling the new version of Effects from , I downgraded back to 2.7.
Reason?
I'm not paying them again for the premium version.
check your dms!
:
Got a hot date with the stage tonight Palms Bar in West Hollywood 9:30PM.
I'm gonna wear my Spanx.
Hating this Winnie the Pooh movie.
Pooh is a fat, lazy piece of shit.
Cc:
Your even doctoroling :D
Ah!!!!!!
He smells like cheese!!!
Can someone tell him to shower?
Omg to many kids in one place!!!!
The news is coming...
just a little late because of earlier basketball.
Stay tuned!
I'll have your full 7day forecast in just a bit!
RT if you thinking about someone special :
NCAA has never approved of college fantasy football.
They can't stop it.
Protected by law.
thank you b!: RT happy birthday to my b yeeee yeeeeee
obamaFirsts  1st president with no authentic record of birth
A very successful first read of our upcoming Troilus and Cressida went down yesterday, with the biggest Porters' cast to date.
It would lol.
Celebrating the life of a Princess to Queen Whitney Houston.
I celebrate her victories, a mom,her powerful love for one man, and her gift!
After watching Social Network last night...er...um...I hope you're not like that in real life Mark Z.
: as long as they don't cross my path.
You say you don't have a problem but your statement sounds like a threat
Great!
Cant wait to see you!
Will be Good Times!!
We're doing good, we are taking this beautiful tuesday off bc of all the shows we have RT : hey how are you guys
Over time, the skill level of everything improves.
Poker, professorssional sports, programming, anything.
So trolls will get better at trolling.
I'd absolutely love that tbh: 3
Why me and her still single,knowing that we love eachotha but its already feel like we togetha
What traditional stereotype would you classify yourself as?
Slow motion for me.
CRASH: Proctor  Meinig in Sandy
HELLO HELLO, HELLO HELLO LEMME GET THAT INFO SHOW YOU WHAT I MEAN!
: This nigga on maury said..
i sleep with my eyes open..
the baby sleeps with his eyes closed so I know hes not mine.WTF lol
Arsenio Hall  Bill Maher is AWESOME
how many scoreless innings did AJ go in his debut???
Hey guys!
Follow !!!!3 Means a lot xx
its already done : .
Do they all follow you ?
:
you could get arrested for that
cbMexico thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I honestly don't care anymore.
shit I will do that soon man haha
RT : If I'm walking with my head down and your head is up, why are we colliding?
i just forwarded you my hiphop recording artist precise dirty version for his single it's on me
Only until you realize your worth, will you stop accepting less than you deserve.
SWEENEY TODD at Citrus was incredible!
Congrats to the cast for an amazing show!
:D
join the club loll
I watched you guys on ABDC 4 times already.
you were AMAZING, i love seeing you on it again.
3
lolmental note to avoid howler monkeys!
ha!
That octogenarian and septuagenarian grandmothers can cause this type of reaction is awesome.
I just found pictures from 7th grade...
Ew.
that is a great picture!
Good morning!!!!
Many good ideas coming out of our placemaking efforts to make the 36th  Falls intersection more interesting, beautiful and SAFE.
I am so excited for you guys.
Blessings!
Queen Chief americahealing U cd not be Indian in 1800s LA.
Had to be black or white.
Some went white, some black.
Eugenics  survival.
Im starting to hate it too but oohhh well!!!
so what part of india are you from?
sxsw Startuplife likewise!!
See you tomorrow at cereal bar!
Photo shoots are so much fun!
:
missed you too I've been sick all last night and today :
Fact: this life we are blessed with living everyday is too great awesome enjoyable and 1 of a kind for us to waste it!
Enjoy it!
Finally colored my virgin hair
Well, I think my marshmallow war strategy was extremely good.
We're geeking out over the Apollo in our studio right now.
This thing is pretty amazing.
Maybe they're setting the stage for him to return to Punk'd.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE :
What Pasco County city was home to Hollywood stars of the Silent Film industry in the 1920s?
sorry I know nothing about that
Blessings are gods reminder :
In honor of the manga that shaped my writing...my heart goes out to the people of Japan today, the 1st anniversary of the Tohoku quake.
awe thank you so much!
big puppy hug :3
Where's the line between courage and stupidity?
And not just physical courage and general idiocy?
I'm not sure I know...
OMG, when I get home from winter it will be ramp season!
Yes!
I guess it's her time right now and not mine.
sigh :
I know!
Had a nagging injury the last week  on Friday I had a contract obligation!
I'll be there tues, wed  hopefully fri
NP Say My Name by Destiny's Child
At least you don't have to pronunce anything beginning with the double L sound in Welsh.
That's the hardest!
Ah hell nah, my mom just called my dad boo boo.
Does anyone find Winehouse's death odd?
...his shelves/ A beggarly account of empty boxes/ Green earthen pots, bladders  musty seeds/ Remnants of packthread  old cakes of roses
Hold it down for us in MA Big Deion.
We're praying for you.
Lights off!
Good news!
Woodfish is completing the final mastering process of our 2nd album today.
Songs 2 b released online thru Woodfish's website soon
A half hour into the doctorve home both of my girls are passed out
My moms still isn't back from Puerto Rico....
Let's go flyers need this
saw jim monday in Nashville  what a great set!
is selling Kind pints for 3.
Help them kick that keg tonight!
and it just struck a nerve with me.
: here's to the kids who avoid going home at all cost.
We've had a great response to the special Katie.
It should be available soon on our regular menu!
Lol me too.
That works!!
The guest is Rashida Jones, Quincy Jones and Peggy Lipton's daughter.
all eric does is fuckin flex
Interviewer : What's the mean thing you've ever done?
Liam : I didn't say 'bless you' after someone sneezed..
Congrats to my UConn friends today!
I know it's been a minute.
Don't forget, tonight at midnight, we'll be on The Katt's Local Talent Show!
from the looks of it nowhere
I must be in Spanish mode.
I just called a number because it had an F next to it.
Fone?
Not ehstupid Fax  blew my ear off!
Sounds cool!
Going to be a film major?
25 is nowhere near old.
You're just getting started.
Heck, half the time 25 year old pay teens on tv.
Follow , that dude knows sports.
And hes extremely good looking.
Were not saying that bc hes our CEO.
OK, we are, but whatever
Hurray no RAIN!
That means it is gardening time!
Madison WI Omaha NE
Agreed!
RT : So many hot consumer co's only on iOS  the moment: Instagram.
Flipboard.
Color.
Milk.
Quora.
Pinterest.
Come over NOW for the Hippocrates Cafe on the ground floor of the PreClinical Science Building.
Order sent to Rachael in VA!
Have to tweet something on a personal note, please forgive!
Forgiveness does not come with conditions, nor does it come with anger and pain
: Negative, distrustful, fearful, or degrading attitudes toward anyone work against the self.Seth/Roberts
There aint nothing wrong with me
I'm In My Grand daddy's, Blowin on that Grand Daddy, She Like Damn Daddy, Boo Man Got A Smooth Caddy...
now she wanna
that would be me...
I have kansas over kentucky though
applications already sent!!x
the whole point of that rant was to express the symptoms of my illness.
Now go do something productive faggot.
anyone know of an app I can use to enhance iM0vie on the iP?
My Grandma gives such good advice, I'm so glad I get to read them in Twitter form.
And the only real bad ones were the ones that he RT'd.
I didnt see him RT any of the hundoctords of nice tweets.
Had such a fun night with and !
:
It is an awesome day in Badgerland, love when it is in the high 60's low 70's.
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms.
I was thinking the same but thought it was me.
he was in underwear no homo..
There are those who quit at the 1st hint of an obstacle  those who conquer actual obstacles.
Which are you?
Thanks!
Yeah, it seems fitting to have bday Pi on my bday of all days.
totally agree with wilbon about the Nike response
If I fart a lot.
Is it that am getting the flu or is it due to allergies?
My wife says it's from all the shit I ate.
I don't agree.
Let's go Bruins let's go!
Never seen a grown man cry so hard over a dollar...
hey i am following both of yall so can i have a follow back please
Hahaha what the hell bro
thanks for the shutout :
Come Park at Peachy Airport Parking.
We can give you a VIP Card.
Also when your restaurant opens we can cobrand.
We r srvng intl
blame it on April
I do freelance graphic design  that's my real job.
I also write tshirts, write comedy, sell on eBay, etc.
ADD is amazing.
LOL!
RT : I bet Simon's milkshake brings all the girls to the yard.
Len, thanks for the RT.
Hope all is well up in Boston!
ur up early
Get raped RT : Just MOABed one of Wiz's clan members HAHAHHAHAHAHA
I thought maybe you were just trying to shorten it for twitter ;
i was studyin anatomy  that was only one chapt.
im still not done with it
The BK sausage egg croissant I just eat looked like it walked into a McDs  got the shit kicked out of it by a couple of egg mcmuffins.
That is a BLAZING speed!
We want to welcome back as a sponsor for the Spring 2012 season of !
David Hale of NLM, crushing it at
i am doctorssed as a 70s rollergirl, i just took some jello shots, and i am on a party bus.
How people treat you is their Karma.
How you respond is yours.
Wayne Dyer
hey but maybe you'll find a cute British boy to show
DONE!
You guys are fabulous!
Thank you and happy windy Tuesday!
Stevie wonder is my dude but it's time to cut the hair !
Your Medifast Weight Loss Counselor will work w/ u to choose meals that best suit ur taste, lifestyle  rate of progress
I hope that wasn't a confession by anyone...
People who break your heart are not worth trying to get back because they could just break your heart again
I love black people laughs hahaha
Want FREE Holiday gifts.
Visit Santa at Buddy's Rent to Own this Sunday from 12:00 to 5:00, FREE doctorwings every hour.
Your winky faces are hot.
Fun stuff!
We'll have to add to the Holiday Lights website.
Thx for sharing.
yea cause it's hard when your her daughter she can say no.
I'm not getting over it I'm still pissed
almost got hit by a creeper van at walmart...
Big night for my Aunts, Carolyn and Edith.
THAT needs to change!
Finally on this since I made it like a year ago lmao
Mimosas make everything better.
;
glad u like pez which one did u get?
LOVE IT!
All winning places, check out Paddy O's for the bar scene, awesome loyalty construct  spend 100 get 15!
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
Robert F.
Kennedy
you're welcome :D
Just wants my best friend to come home now.
Things some women do
doctorw a mustache on the person's bird tattoo
seriously  my 3 yr old did that.
humiliating!
how do you know they didn't?
boom, roasted
King Tex fresh out the lock, grindin the block with new Valentines mixtape coming VERY soon!
aww you rock!
There're too much bitches in this world.
if i get sent one more recruitment to work in upstate new york i might just have to apply.
Someone that i used to knowgotye so true in so many levels!
Okay, even though, it's a terrible day, happy birthday Julia Child!
exactly, banners on the wall..
Ha.
What about like try to describe this artwork in a textbased social media post with no camera.
snooze
Yo where the barbecues at this weekend nothing but pool party responses .....lego
What we create in our mind is what we paint for our future!
Will there ever be a way for server mods to add custom blocks without the need for players to have the client mod?
Don't be that person with the greatest looks but the most horrible personality.
lol ok ill be nice
Are you a Records Clerk who is a teamplayer with a personable attitude?
Our client, a government contractor, is looking for someone like y
Such a big fan of Apple Jacks.
Always have been.
No need to thank me.
If I RT is was my pleasure.
Have a great day.
The chemistry test grades are on Edline.
LMAO.
10 more minutes of 80sThursday!
Finishing up with Van Halen, Bow Wow Wow, and The Motels.
Put yo guard down girl, put yo guard down
I MISS SAL
Great Event at Marcello's Chop house MDA raising Money and Awareness!
MDA USA.
Also a great way to network for job leads for seekers!
Stricker really struggling with his irons today.
Will need to make a tough up and down at 10 to stay even at TPC
Want to visit NYC in 2012?
Enter our Photo Contest  WIN 5 nights in NYC!
See our FB pge to enter on.fb.me/u6SrRw
Strange things always happen to visiting teams at Heinz Field
why a ravens jersey
Back at 'cha!
; And I look forward to seeing your work!
Duck News  Blog Archive  All Aboard at DUCK for Massive U.S.
...
It's Friday and we are working hard before the weekend
It is not necessary to change.
Survival is not mandatory.
W.
Edwards Deming
anyone up for a SuperBowl replay ?
i still have enuff food to feed a hundoctord people !!!
LOL
Just climbed a 
Welkah!
Put your bootstraps on!!!
The brand NEW episode of iNickelodeonShow will be on April 21th,after iCarly!
Its called 'iCarly' and its so exciting  funny!
me too lol.
Got my fingers crossed ; haha
Wise people respect themselves because they know their value and understand their distinctive purpose!
we're in babies r us so then we can meet up
now you're just somebody that i used to know.
As much flack is I give Siri she's quite helpful Sometimes
it's a damn shame
Not Really
can you bring your fondue pot?
I'll get/make the stuff to dip in the chocolate
Reminder: Meeting tonight  7:30.
Great time to be come check it out or become a member..hint hint
Woohooo watching the
Fact: Some of the most annoying people in the world shop at Whole Foods.
Good lord, this The Five show on Fox News is terrible.
it's like they took their cue from ESPN: talk a lot, but say nothing.
Thanks for the shoutout!

lol boy u crazy!

what a perfect sunday
Im always afraid of failing.
Its great motivation to work harder.
Mark Cuban, CoFounder of HDNet
it'll get good!
In so happy I'm in a story like aobdkaydiauns THANK YOU BO 3
Gentrification on a global level?
Can't even stop it at a local level.
Sad but true....organize, prepare, be aware I guess.
TXLege VoterID In Vegas, they pump oxygen into the casinos to keep people awake.
Pb and Jay is diggin at the Junction South Boston
I love coming home to the sound of fried chicken 3
housing hunters call an sister up looking for a place suck
And the Cubs take the lead on a STRIKEOUT!
Go
thank you :!
I hate waiting for the cable guy to get here.
I feel so alone without my wifi...
: Vanilla yogurt  granola w/ raisins  hippyish, but yummy.
add blueberry and bananas and I am there.
People working in education know human nature the best.
Educators rock!
SHOULD DEFINETLY FOLLOW ME!!!!
On this fine day!
PLEASE!!!:
Congrats on your new project 8 Count!
I hope to come in and meet you and Hieu for the bad dancin' host.
Q.6 What's on your culinary wishlist this year?
just looking for stainless popsicle molds!
Headed to the FSTA convention today in Las Vegas through Wednesday.
Look for updates daily!
The Rangers are stressing me out...
Ever since I found this 2009 scrapbook, I've been in the mood to do more.
TRUE BEAUTY IS SO NOT COMLICATED.
May the bridges I burn light the way.
I fully support the NBA talk.
Wish you did more...
But that would require us actually having a team.
Sigh.
ScaryMovieRulesToLiveBy , Dont jump on someones lap and frighten them lmao and dont hit them haha.
Yes iv done that .
Mediocrity sux and allowing it to occur is sad!
Happy Friday Tweeter.
Hope this weekend is as good as the last!
Needs 20 followers!
Follower her pretty face.
hehehe we are the studliest spies alive
LOL.
Sucks to be you
I've becomee a person , who gives it her all .
Stop that.
And look to see where the ball is.
Please and Thank you.
congrats Lady Aztecs!
Mtn.West Tourney Champions.
city of champions?
Quite possibly!
eeeeep can't wait baby!
Im bringing my lives savings with me lol
Cuz he know that it be a rap when im ridin it from the back .
oh wait lemme see your phone cuz all them bitches is ratchet.
Note to self: take care when photoing just knees doing a hilarious dance.
The resulting pic may appear like something else was the target.
Too soon?
Darn, Katie.
Hope your day gets better!
I hate spammers.
Quit tweeting me!!!
K...
I give up I can't do a hundoctord tweets in an hour like some of u tweet heads...
yaaaaaay!
i have mucho experience babysitting newborns, FYI.
just saying.
ok bye.
xo
I was Joan of Ark in my former life.
many would argue that quietly and privately goes against a core mission from the gospels: evangelize the lost.
Unfortunatly.
I just honestly am not in the mood to talk to anyone.
RT Most AR's can only get u a placement if ur music sounds like everything on the radio.
Be original vs.
Compromising for a check
Thank you, son.
You are an amazing man of character.
Keep living for the sake of comedy, by God's design.
Weird Day, But Fun!!
:
!
RT : I support Darien Brockington and his choices regarding his spirituality but I wish he was still making music.
no hate
Excited to hear from Jordan BoydGraber next Tues on topic modeling.
12:30pm
In those Fly Over States 3
p.s.
you ladies always get WAY more kickass boot styles than us chromosomaly challenged men ;
Just submitted a fix for the airplane mode error.
Awaiting review from
White skirt  orange pop  don't mix
We're OPEN for business!
Check us out, VACOEDS.COM!
What world series?
It's a myth.
The baseball championship of the Americas outranks a national baseball championship between league teams.
AND HOW.
haha well it'd be different if you started when you were young, you know?
but yeah...these guys are amazing.
Sometimes its good to be out by yourself.
You get to relax and don't have to deal with anyones bullshit.
National commercial audition this morning.
All digits crossed!
:
Hey, Pat, if you get injured from the diarrhea flying out of your mouth, it would serve the right.
RT : is waiting to record the Mostly Comedy podcast, with and Good times.
no nothing is wrong
Making the Printing Industry Affordable For Everyone..Banners,Magnets,Ebook fulfillment,Invoices and much more.....
Congrats!!
I've lost another 1.8 lbs.
That's 12.7 lbs this month thanks to and
Hey guys what are your ideas for shirt designs?!
Indeed, hope all is well, cheers mate!
CK
The perfect fan backstreet boys or music of my heart by NSYNC and Gloria Estefan
I'd like to have my brand involved and maybe even my artist on future events.

why so buggy?
Rather than launching new products, can you fix the ones you already have?
Doug Reside on Becoming a digital curator for performing arts
The world is out of
Eenie meenie miney moe, you aint nothing but a hoe, you think you're cute, you think you're classy, newsflash bitch, your fucking nasty.
Sorry for the lack of content guys.
I assure you, we are still alive.
Just lazy.
Stuff coming soon.
Biggest female badass: Michelle Rodoctorguez.
Anyone else have trouble with godaddy web hosting?
I lost all my site content even tho I backed up, and I have email problems daily.
:
Ha ha ha.
I'm waiting til someone else figures out to get a tutorial.
Time for the Friday music question.
Surf guitar legend Dick Dale turns 75 today!
Favorite surf/beach music?
Great news!
Maybe a sign that the economy is starting to turn around and generate more work?
Let's hope it's a positive sign!
please do!
And I'm going to your homeland this summer!!
Im so excited hahha 
I wish I were half as frat as the 1 :.
Only one Answer!
rel to Hot TrendsMore Tweets
Don't text me if you have nothing else to say.
ah too many video games!
Shawn and I got doctorssed up and are at a fancy hotel bar for the hell of it.
Dear , I will be your devoted cookie customer so long as I shall live.
Macaron heaven.
THANK YOU.
You gettin' your Deep Purple on at work?
Shouldn't that be pretty much true of anyone and their performance?
Thank you high school art for teaching me this.
Trying to make new music.
Overnight success takes 15 years!
My time is coming..atleast it better be
There's a difference in promoting a d annoying the sht out of everyone.
The cheese buffet was not as impressive as in the past but still enoyed it
I was the one who came up with Filthadelphia.
Is there any documentation / tuts on using less 4 with compass?
I'm new to sass  scss.
Not sure the read me on git is enough
Me too..
Good Night!
49er Pro Blow Safety Dashon Goldson was not taught how to tackle in HS, College nor the NFL, he was taught how to tackle in the 6th grade.
Watching Dancing With the Stars with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Good to know we have fans on Twitter!
RT : Oh, is here!
3 your stuffs!
:
It's National MerryGoRoundDay!
Celebrate with the Jellycat plush Merry Go Round Collection.
Ponies, lions, and owls OH MY!
It's a good thing is right down the road from the AAC.
Got to have a few beers before
Are We All Khaled Said Social, Media, Dissidence and Participatory Governance in Egypt  Adel Iskandar
Niggas whinnin on twitter because they struggling to keep up with the new fresh competition.
Lol, These Old Niggaz knees gettin bad.
Kristen Stewart always looks like she just sniffed a fart or is trying to hold one in
hey, how is she doing?
i forreal love you
Pictures R deleted, her book is deleted, number no longer exists in the blackberry but in my heart she still remains..
Moving forward
Devils Martini Old Town Scottsdale this Friday 52110 241 doctornks gonna be epic!!
Oh wow My dad just offered to let me see all the old letters my mom wrote him when they were younger I don't know what to say...
Duchess is missing :
To celebrate their 15 BDay, Boloco has free burritos at 1080 Boylston St.
Boston.
Say thanks by making a donation to LIG Playmakers!
I really want a Scott Walker tshirt.
Is there a place I can get one beside buying online?
CanIBeHonest tired of double standards!
Why can't white folks use the 'n' word?
Lol Like what up my ninja?
Crazy ninja!
Ghetto ass ninja!

will be out of the office all next week!
We'll be livetweeting from NALP's Annual Conf.
in Austin!
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.
Thomas Jefferson
I'm gonna scream!!!!!
No eating here tonight.
Woo.
No eating here tonight.
No eating here tonight.
You're on a diet.
I got off work 3 hours early.
SWEET!
Now I can spend more time cuddling and watching Ghost Adventures with
Focus on getting things done no sleep and no slacking to achieve the ultimate doctoram.
NoTimeToSleep
follow?
c:
How do u put pics on this thing?: plz help
I will be spreading the love for from spiceworld2011 today...
Good times!!
RAWR...
Sitting next to a music industry lady on my flight who helped Bieber, Jonas Brothers, and Taylor Swift get big.
menext?
the 'Reptilians' are feeding off of Manchester City fan's pain right now lmao.
Phillyphans know how u feel tho,
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
Nelson Mandela
It is a terrific team with a lot of talent and I look forward to doing everything I can for us to reach...Stanley Cup.
Vokoun, 7/2011
Property Values: Real Estate for 800,000 An 1840 house in Providence, a Spanish Revival in San Diego and a Queen Anne in Nashville.
has no friends ...
trollhunter is fine and all, but it could use some boobs.
Attn: Museum gift shops, cultural/ historical venues...consider featuring the LincolnsDC iPhone app at your gift shops.
152 to 81 minutes grizzlies have led clips.
Wow.
Republicans are crack heads when it comes to Oil.
They can't get enough  don't care who they hurt.
RT Going out to Fallbrook Winery on Sat to watch estate grapes come in
Tiz true.
Tiz true.
Someone should go to DC and take over.
Nows a good time to impeach!!
pottermore is amazing.
i'm in gryffindor.
;D
they go ham, i go gray
haha if I'm ever there I will take you up on that offer.
its not the greatest but at midnight i think it does the trick ;
In elementary school, when you were line leader, everyone else behind you was your btch.
So distracted by the awesomeness of the I let my daughter spill my beer!
doesn't look promising in Baltimore ..
Do you mind taking some pictures of the arena or line?
Thanks it would be much appreciated if you do.
Whatever you can get...
any chance we could get and on NVC today please :
Your Mayor is feeling fine this Saturday morn.
Heading out to walk in snowy Grant Park and gaze upon the handiwork of Big Bill the Builder!
YES, Fear the Deer.....
did you watch on that busted TV or were you in ATL?
How is the TV working now?
I want some chinese food
bitch I'm back on my grizzy
off to bed.
so happy about the trends!
love you always forever young :
Haha.
why's it stopped?
Ever since Six Feet Under was cancelled, I gave up on television.
I just watch Maury and Steve Wilkos now.
Ok, and Khloe  Lamar.
In seeking wisdom thou art wise; in imagining that thou hast attained it  thou art a fool.
Lord Chesterfield
StuPidasso Bout to go ham
RT :  of rapes reported in the U.S.: 16.
of conviction rate for those rapes: 2.
Flight delays  streaming Charlie Murphy: I Will Not Apologize on netflix
Hey , cap quickly before Ireland does.
Shouldn't you be working instead of twitter patrolling?
this marks the beginning of a new, huge sports rivalry between the canucks and the bruins ...
Yes, the online store is being worked on as we write.
I am pushing the team to make it happen now!
Same!
RT I haven't stopped listening to
Cuddling mood....
Misty's my new best friend.
She hurt me...but a good hurt.
My shoulder still aches, but soon it won't.
Thank you!!!
I just died in tower of fortune.
My hero was strong too.
All the way back to the start.
RPG  slot machine  8 bit graphics.
Awesome.
We're trying to grant Wish 9!
Call 2281099 to donate to the Make A Wish Request A Thon!
ouch!
but yay nitrous!
i dont like the new twitter :
Happy Birthday John3
Wondering how late the staff will be for their shifts today?

yeah!
so glad we met.
best to you and the twins too!
Life is full of Adventure.
There are resources all around that can help you if you pay close attention.
Insight, Baby.
anything you say you are , be about it .
dont speak it .
you are bus trying to convince everyone and your own self
Peaches doing her take on the Flashdance 80s classic, Maniac!
nowplaying Moullinex feat Peaches  Maniac
Be sure to like us on Facebook for my city specific updates about
Protest in downtown Portland City Hall 31012 to support the Tibetans in Tibet so they can be
Great to finally connect.
Appreciate the time and this is Rich over at doctoram League 
Good morning!!
: 10 more full days of school, 9 days of testing left :
Thanks.
I changed password.
You replied to my tweet with 1D lyrics talking about 1D lol
I just finished updating to Timeline.
I have had the same glasses since 2009.
Guess who is going to get new glasses after work tomorrow?
Retweet if your bored!!!!
I just finished a 1.01 mi run with Nike GPS.
now all i can think about is how much fun zumba will be.
no!
I swear I went to your twitter to stalk you c; and it said I wasn't following you.
Let's get it started next week nightowls.
Long season ahead to be kronum KRec contenders.
HA!
You already said it!
:
debt is much worse than you think it is.
Congrats to you!
Do you know of other Bay Area finalists?
Make Starbucks deliver.
You're Patton Oswalt, dammit!
Tehran example shows the foregrounding of political protest.
IMHO this is a white Boomer thing, but I also worry Gen X will replace this with idea that Reagan is year zero.
True.
So I guess I'm still safe with that one thing in common
Knowledge is power.
So be powerful...
Learn something useful every day.
educate yourself!
I want a tattoo.
:
heh.
guilty RT : Post some more song lyrics as your status.
Someone will eventually understand your struggle.
Im going to start ending all my sentences with words that end with 'ing' and puting a lot of emphases on those words.
Why not use Chrome?
I only use Firefox when I need to use myUK now.
mybiggestproblem ...
thinking too much
Nothin to stress over today execpt happiness :
Hope everyone is having a wonderful productive weekend!
Time to read for now, stay tuned link should be up soon.
This a.m.
, Pres/CEO  chair of , is on 's Lake Effect talking MKE's Summer Youth Employment Program
Do you ever watch Prime Minister's Questions on CSPAN?
Turn on now, if you can.
Enjoy!
It's better off dead than 2 be a beggar  The Bible
I feel I've seen an incredibly abnormal amount of doctorgonflies in the city/suburbs this summer.
SUPER SPECIAL!!
The first 100 people to comment on our FB Page question will get some really great gifts at this Thursday's REEL ROCK!
Math.
RT : I don't know which TAKS I take tomorrow.
amp; I honestly dgaf.
Commended.
Working on awesome video this week!
last years final.
NYR/NJ in the ECF.
LA with a chance at hockey title.
Two years of NHL popularity explosions?
hey its the meaning of the holiday that counts...
i think you're in the clear :P
nice question about what, exactly, the antiassimilationist novel was antiing!
My bracket...
Dunzo.
Life is a series of sales situations, and the answer is no if you dont ask.
Patricia Fripp
RT : Ohio Senate Pres.
Niehaus looks to pass pension reform sought by retirement systems before summer break.
RT : PRECIOUS METALS: Gold Snaps Losing Streak; Rises 6.3 In 1Q  We BUY
I did great in the last game I just think the team gave up!
He found the load LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
If I ever bet someone that I would be on TV at the NFL doctorft before my sister would, I just lost that bet
If Your Phone Vibrates At Home , Yu Barely Hear It, ' If It Vibrates At School Its A Damnn Earth Quakee.
Smh.
So its Fathers Day,and i dont even get to spend it with mine because he got called into work,But HappyFathersDay to all the amazin Dads!!
Dm As an entrepreneur you understand difficulties raising capital.
For Edu most only support nonprofessort.
How can we get help?
haha no problem!
darling...is there ever an intentional one?
: my question is isn't it uncomfortable???
Free your love handles ladies!
Dear Math, I'm sick and tired of finding your 'x'.
Accept the fact she's gone.
Move on, Dude!
Tornado reported in Forney right now.
Headed to Heath, TX.
Take cover, use emergency plan now.
Really thoughtful post.
I understand your decision completely.
I'm sure you have great Kane tag lines available at your disposal.
Fritchey to Clerk of Circuit Court rep on transfer of funds: How you justify your budget depends on what month it is.
// Yikes.
: I'm signed up for twitter
Does anyone have a cheap but reputable place that does VO demos?
The place I used to recommend closed!
So has a Pirates tickets giveaway going on.
Follow them and get your favorite PiratesMemories together.
Someone take me to Dania Beach please
found three grey hairs and got called ma'am all within an hour.
I'm good.
Been following Ignighters pivot.
Great stuff.
Sent to the principal's office already, but I don't remember why.
Thx for the tweet
I feel you next semester you will b doin what u love to do...
If this new Tebow trade rumor is true, let's be honest.
Do you REALLY think he'd even consider going to the Jets over Jacksonville?!!
Congrats on the MANDI award!
Well deserved honor 4 such a wonderful project!
RT I know you mad but so what I wish you the best of luck, so now I'm finna throw the duces up..
Hi guys!, how r u?...i'm happy i don't know why :
Love your name!
I have a 13 month old Kenzie : thanks for the follow.
Happy holidays
I love you.
Sure, that's fair.
But without those mistakes you wouldn't have the depth you have :
Thanks.
Glad he won, but I would've liked a finish.
LOL Ok, that's totally going to be my goal!
When's your first ?
does their tear gas smell of maple syrup?
Why does some of my family feel the need to pack their whole lives on vacation?
Just the necessities....
Pants on the Ground, Pants on the Ground!
I'm sorry, but LOL.
Molaro: Chicago Public Schools doctorpout rate african american males is 85
Johnnie's beef
send them back and get a new size!
;D
a long hot shower  a good night's sleep sounds so perfect
what u got goin on today n tomorrow mann
stfu you suburban white girl from Miami you're embarrassing yourself..
4.15 for a gallon of gas.
Looks like I won't be eating for awhile 
Day 2 of organic only food ....
So far it's not that bad
understanding nods, hugs, wine, chocolate  a good cry
Thanks to the City of Philadelphia, and SALT for providing tax workshop support and panelists yesterday.
Great job!
I know people change and these things happen;
RT just working, what's going on?
same here ...wat u working on??
Finishing up RfKS posters catch em on campus tomorrow..
What you think of the QR?
studio bro..Putting in work bout to leave soon
thank you.
Stacy was very helpful and a pleasure to work with!
I Told Him To Be His self....
Now That I Think About It..
I Guess That Was Kinda Mean....
Dear Wisconsin weather: Stay like this please.
Sincerely, everyone.
Woopsiiieee, didnt mean to send that today :d

Torrey wat system?
If I could find a guy that was my type from head to toe, inside and out, I'd suck his dick to sleep everynight  wake it back up in the morn
No she shouldn't have, but that's what some people think they need to do to escape the pain of all the hate.
Same 2pt conversion as they did against green bay, but off tackle rt...awesome.
Your playbyplay is giving Paul Allen a run for his money.
: Best of luck.
Happy New Year from our family to yours!!!
Stay tunned for upcoming events for 2012........
so I bought silver support and finally got a response...
lol..
y is it lame?
and vegas ain't so bomb either it's to damn HOT!
What they taught me how to do in art school was to see.
Bob Schwartz
It has suddenly occurred to me that it's time to write another book.
Unbelievable how productive you can be without a building full of rambunctious kids!
Teacher Planning Days are so quiet
come snug
I'm bored!
:/ so how is your day going?
Okay, I'm finally mapping out my plan for SXSW.
DM me if you'll be in Austin too!
DONT SLEEP ON ME, IM NOT A SERTA, IM CERTIFIED!!!!
The energy of the mind is the essence of life.
Aristotle
MySecondWishFor2012 is for to either RT this or follow me....
Because its 6:27 am and i havent slept and yea:
thanks for the great night at WinStar!
You guys rock.
Almost 200 followers.
to have RYV share your vid, just add and we will tweet it.
also, we follow back to our followers.
Really hope I can go tomorrow and get my phone sorted out!
Explained Dewey to my dad when I was home for Easter.
He asked Are there such things as card catalogs anymore?
SO MUCH FOR SLEEPING ALL WEEK.
I absolutely love this!
RT : Q2 When I choose an educational presentation and end up attending a vendor or consultant sales pitch.
lrnchat Hate that!
I've often thought about how they monitor that.
Safeways usually have a pit boss watching people.
Who plays a show tomorrow on main stage at 11PM?
Missing In FUCKING Alaska does!
BE THERE!
Financial Aid for Study Abroad info session Tomorrow October 20th at 10:00 am in Talley Blue Room.
See you there!
All of StoryCorps is 25,000 hours of uncompressed WAV at 17 TB.
Not such a huge disk array for something so big and valuable.
really?
that would be awesome, thanks!
I really really need one!
haha...
FOLLOW cuz she awesome!
When u do tell me for 3 shoutout s !!promise!!
I follow back!!
I feel like a slice of butter melting on top of a big oll stack of pancakes  pineapple express
Always classy, Rodgers said he was honored to be on stage with a 4time MVP  Peyton  and said he looked forward to seeing him play nxt yr
Somethings never change, hard to live up to my hype
Have fun at
Considering it?
Do it!
Do it NOW!
We'd love to have you in Detroit.
We are seeking a volunteer WordPress developer to assist with our website.
Please let us know if you can help!
It's our choices that show who we really are.
More than a little taken aback yesterday when a prominent public health professordefended child labor by saying: those kids have to eat somehow.
pain in the ass :p
: I just witnessed a car accident.
It was truly awful.
I feel compelled to remind you all to doctorve safely
sports media free agency news  tech media firmware update news in degrees of pointless and awful
hahaha I can't help it!
I do it for everyone!
RT : Congrats to this weeks dellSF12 Boston triviatues contest winner.
!
Hey that's ME!
add 2012 shirt 2 my collection
cant rebound
lambvox: I'm a vampire
He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.Bertolt Brecht
To truly love the game, you gotta be a student of the game just as much as being an athlete of the game.
Yeah!!!
Party harder !!!
Eli is a king at waiting for applause breaks.
Japan is alright if that is the best they can do.
I want to know where the action is.
: I miss your musk its strong this time of year.
Ill mail u my theodorant
you're going to love it :
I might be a little bias, but AGREE!
RT : This.
RT : We have the best IT people in the world here at
Come Get Your Laugh On!
Oct.
9th 9PM  El Trocadero in Newhall Yvette The Funny w/ special musical guest Vinyl Soul!
www.2crazycomedy.com
rockstarteacher causes a media stir when he bites the eraser off of his No.
2 pencil.
PETP condemns act as inhumane.
blush I'm sure we'd be fast friends.
thank u for sayin that cus people are dumb.
its part of the game!
Thanks to for helping make milwaukeeday414 a night to remember!
is now also a TRUE PAKALITE!!!!
and all the girlies say I'm pretty fly for a white guy
oh ok
Depends on what you make :
Amazing to notice exactly when a perception shifts.....
Oscars  celebration of AngloAmerican selfcenteredness, be it historic, arts, or injustice.
I was kidding..lmao!
Snow!?
It's March
We're opening a gig at Bottom Of the Hill in SF on March 2nd.
In the main event, doctorke Younger and Jimmy Jacobs battle it out in a Deathmatch!
i feel like im talkin to my self :
This Would Be A Good Graduation Song.
Quote of Day: When the stakes are high, you cannot afford to have everyone in the room in love with your plan.
Tom Kolditz
no they dont have to donate, it would be a great gesture.
hwevr if ppl r buying skittles as protest statemnt that shld stop.
Some of SoCals most established breweries will be providing tasters including , , , and !
miss you more!!!!
Lamborghini mercy, your chick she so thirsty.
I can imagine!
Much love and success to you.
I want to hear all about it when I see you :
Ladies: Please doctorss how you would like to be approached and talked to.
Don't doctorss like a hoe and expect to be treated like a Queen.
she tweeted selena a pic bday pic actually,which was nt her,bt selena tweeted her and gave her credit.so c got hate tweets
Your right Chris !
They have the makings of a great team.
Hungry as hell
Honestly, I can't even walk my dog without a creepy old man following us around in his creepy old man mobile.
C'mon give me a break!!!
Lol
Looking to simplify your cash handling...
ask me how Corporate Safe can help!
Amen!RT Rawr.
It would be nice not to have to doctorve all the way to Clv Hts, Wstlk or Strngsvl to find some damn Aveda prdcts.
Same to you!
Come tour the Grand Lodge from123pm every Sat through the end of March.
Enjoy a complimentary bev  apps, while chatting w/our sales staff.
I miss you!
I don;t blame them it was very extreme
Trying to order a good flip video camera for work.
Any suggestions?
hood response for no reason
Cold sweats D:
Great seeing you last night!
It was a pleasure being your stomache.
do you ship to San Diego?
Roenicke said Estrada was pitching as well as any of the other four, so there was no reason to skip him to keep Gallardo on regular rest.
yes, yes we are.
What do you think of Maguire's Classic Green Chile Lasagna?
Is it me or is Rick Santorum the best way to guarantee Obama a 2nd term?
I had vegan hot fudge sundae for dinner
hahaha I am in FL for the week...
Two of my sisters are getting married backtoback weekends.
Play date when I get back!!!
Feel like hooping!
Finally someone will put Tim Tebow in his place.
Sporano will use him to run and throw maybe 2 times a game runningback but move not needed
Getting the day started.
This guy has really got me thinking about everything in my life, damn how are you doing this to me?
:
I heard was the 2010 HSMF Shirtcocker award winner...
I'm pretty sure it's a full one
Oh!
Bubble gum pink lmao...
And near Royal Oak.
Ever been to Sangria?
Albert ole hating ass !
Send them to my house when they're done!
you stole the blue horn for me.
robin I would have stolen a whole orchestra   ted mosby.
Programs don't build churches, People do.
Great programs run by lifeless people never make an positive impact on people.
Keep spreading the word!
thx!
RT : Here's a deal that rocks  5 classes for 29  support youth changing...
nUnit, but we're about to be forced onto VS Test :
The one night I decide to stay in, everyone decides to go out.
Definately deserved!!Such an excellent horror anthology!!
got tebow man
Looking for comments on pre launch www.vendorinmotion.com me and my brother shane meadows are raising money and giving training material to
what is kmister ?
Dont worry about the people from ur past, there's a reason why they didn't make it to ur future
Nikki Giovanni Mistakes are a fact of life.
It is the response to the error that counts.
Thanks, lady!
Big fan of your work :
No show has ever made me laugh as hard as Ridiculousness.
Sex on television can't hurt you unless you fall off.
Last day in our office, heading down to 375 Hudson.
I will NOT miss Times Square but I will miss the 20 minute commute and CRUMBS!
I am the master of destruction...Happy Thanksgiving...
Sounds like the same sort of approach as Except it's in DC so ...
not as hip and with it as in Baltimore?
appreciate the share, will have to try it out
We're excited to make buying and selling as easy as possible.
when I was singing with my wife Jessica sanchez?!
We just won our biz startup competition SWMadison !!
would you be interested in possibly doing a blurb about us??
yet the pirates are 57 and the pens are 13....neither is good,
brush fire just down the hill from me
As much as I miss the gorge..
For the 1st time ever I didn't even notice my plane landing cuz I'm so happy to b back in so cal.
I wanna go on a rollercoaster..
Never been on one..
:/
Also why would ESPN piss off FSU?
Don't have exclusive deal w/Big 12 yet are exclusive w/ACC.
Shortsighted.
ESPN should have protected ACC
plus, there is patio seating.
:
Every single picture from Coachella looked like it was being brought to me in SmelloVision.
wished i'd woken up in Sheffield this morning!
csnl2011 Centre for Study of New Literacies Conference 2011 New Methods for New Literacies
easy answer: be like me and have a coffee pot in your office
haha  no forest monsters bullshit!
I ain't up for the dark ass woods!
Lmao
Jazzy just silly stringed me .
That's a declaration of a WAR!
x
Scottsville Community Farmers Market is open Thursdays and Saturdays, but you can only get a Taste of India and Caromont Farms...
Love the blackberry update!
YES!
Finally can toggle between accounts!
TY!
Not if you do it right.
People who don't believe Erie, Pa., needs a community college.
Rick Siskey  Angel investing  effective coaching  Success!
RT : Think as you like but behave like others.
I guess haircuts with a part is the new trend...?
It's Friday, Friday, eat a donut on Friday!
Everybody's lookin' forward to the weekend.
I really want to get behind you Joe, but you're making it very difficult lately.
Reginald Baylor is moving residency to Open Book in North Shore April 15.
His next project is inspired by city's Fresh Water initiative.
Daz Ravage has unlocked the achievement Purist in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
i heard this from Urologist supposedly it was just..it being Coaptite....approved for wrinkles but is it better than Botox?
just kidding the goddamn bitch came back
five days and still no response from Leanna
Mike Smith decides he is fine after Shaw gets suspended.
big head
Free Rondo!!
Saunders and Galchen both teaching at Syracuse.
Lucky students
To all my single friends: I want to get you laid.
Come to SMSK on 6/9!!!
Tix go on sale Thursday
we can sip whenever lol
Im at war wit myself,  ion no what to do
hm...no comment...
O no, not myself  but yes, Boston is amazing for classical music.
Does Climax HAVE to be playing on EVERY station right now ?
doing great!
how about you?
Just finished the P90X AbRipperX and the YogaX workout.
Think I will do plyometrics tomorrow.
If you want to feel rich today, just count all the things you have that money can't buy.
:
grahamforthewildcard is trending on twitter.
Don't know the meaning, but thought you'd find it cool.
netflix time :
everyone please go wish my good friend a very happy birthday :
lol what's up
What is the strategy they are going with?
The pass was working so they run?
WTF!
RT : And on tap we've got tasty Nutritonic and tangy Lemon Ginger Cayenne kombucha by Brew doctor
You guys are really getting me pissed off.
I just finished a 4.84 km run with a time of 29:22 with Nike GPS.
be excellent then step into opportunities before you to allow the divine design to unfold in your life.
such a great lesson
New Orleans wins!
I already feel that I have watched the Super Bowl for the year...what a great game!
The Patriots had a tough time tonight.
Spotted in downtown Brooklyn: Guy wearing a Harrisburg Senators Tshirt.
Almost have him a highfive.
I know :D
i cant believe i didnt think of it earlier honestly.
One of the local homeless has arrived to yell incoherently in front of our building.
It's a reliable marker that the day is winding down.
Peter's Party volunteer registration starts 3/1.
Early reg available for those who stop by our booth at the PDX Golf Show this weekend!
great app, you guys are awesome...
what about a posh party in Vegas?
okay, i can't read anymore.
I have work to do.
Honestly, that is one of the best comment streams I've read in a LONG time.
you're welcome3:
There's no difference between a man with no power  a man with power who doesn't use it.
Unknown
4.7 earthquake SE of San Antonio just made my office sway.
Was not expecting that one.
thank you thank you!
RT : Love art and academia?
Looking for a job?
Fancy managing the publication of Tate's scholarly research online?...
may the force be with you
kerrrrrrrrrrrrrriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn your professorle makes my head hurt but i like it lls
Rooftop sun tanning with the girls tomorrow...pretty excited!
If you're still in MKE come join us!
15 stories up level 5
ok turned on the toaster and forgot to put the food in
well hopefully we'll figure it all out so we can all meet up
Many thanks professor Byrne!
looks better than my porkchop  rice w/ beer.
Single man's meal.
Whose idea was this ATT race break stuff.
Isn't this SPRINT Cup racing?
ya know what song really irritates me?
we are young by fun.
Off to bed
: Not proud?
But it looks like you couldn't stop lol
Find me tonight with my live band doing originals and covers.
Show starts  10pm free entrance
still missing my cat that was killed by a Dog,But actually excited to be going back to work on Tuesday..PS3 may come sooner than i hoped!
Don't forget there's an election tomorrow.
We sure haven't.
Whoa awesome dude!!
Enjoying a fresh cup of oakcliffcoffee the best coffee in Dallas.
I would have if you had told me!
Of course my last day at TFF would end with 2 hours of traffic on a full bladder.
you're welcome;
No one can sing it like Ella.
just followed u.
Follow back so I can dm u.
i had the pleasure of serving as virtual classroom coordinator for that very course, long ago.
Been laying here listenin to John legend ever since i woke up
hey thanks!
Nonpartisan Wis.
audit bureau says fraud hotline got 79 calls in 2001, consistent with prior two years
Jesus Montero goes yard.
I knew he would do this
just checking some research, not in the market
you know its truuuu !
Congrats, , on another Indie Next score!
You're deservedly knocking it out of the park again, girl!
it's true though I should have
my worst example of bad spelling behaviorsending back a love letter w the misspelled words circled..in red!
Age 9
There's nothing quite like a smart phone to make me feel like an idiot sometimes.
More coffee please!
Loving the solid gear hit for my client, in Oct' !
Went to high school with cover girl, Heather Morris, too!
Me!
Going to fangirl just like Gibby!
:D lol
Charge it.
Beginning January 1, 2010, www.rosegardenboutique.com is the exclusive, online retailer for fabulous Canyon Group chenille robes!
Ichiro could get 2 bases out of an infield base hit.
Tigers vs.
I am Shady's son
Hopefully he'll play so good he'll stay when Doumit is back.
Curds and Whey!
Anyone eating cottage cheese with their lunch today?
u on facebook?
and an MJD 2000 yard season.
omg lololololol, me.
My abs are kinda sore!
:/ ouch!
What's Roger Sterling doing picking up on Peg Bundy?
If all we had was academic talent then most of human achievement would not have happened.
ME: how do use this to change ED?
Thanks for the follow.
Two great ways to get tons of reader mail: Eff up the crossword AND make a joke about Chris Brown.
imisswhen Twitter was all about conversations and connecting.
Now, all I see are spambots with tweets that are automated!
I forgot my money for that stupid library book .
I hate Ms.
Lynch ...
what up girl
Watching my beast it up at her softball game!
Lol, just had to look that up.
It's Jade!
That's a good jam too.
They're up there with SWV!
Why San Antonio  not Austin.
Austin is the stuff!
me too!
i went with my mom and grandma and it was so special.
After allthis time nstellar performance,Schlereth stillsayshe's not thatbig in stature.comeonman he's very big instature
Ah, the things I'd do just so I could avoid completing this assignment...
It's game day!
Glad I get off at noon today....Who Dat?
Money must follow childoctorn to whichever school they attend whenever they attend it.
Henry Rollins David Lee Roth, I will wager is more intelligent than you are and probably most of all of your friends.
I KNOW i'm a loyal friend
I Need You Now u
cause i have a pizzelle iron instead of a waffle maker....
yoi.
Watching MAMA MIA this beautiful morning
I'll show you for free, bernsie.
she doctoramed of paradise!!
i have more friends than haters
I think Rubio will end up a better defender due to his positioning and active, long arms.
Distributes ball better too.
I love your new single Roman In Moscow.
That go in!
: Smooches 3
Hello nobody home niners knocking
Copying Dilbert are we?
Hey there!
Halfmast is over sea; halfstaff is over land.
the deadline for receiving entries is this wednesday !
: I wanna come home now from talking to you on the phone miss you big time!!
I constantly need to charge my phone
What the hell ...
Indianapolis it's haling outside what the hell really goes on lol
that what it say on here
FUCK YOU JOSEPH STUPID ASS MOFO HE GOTS NONE!
YOU PLAYER ASS BITCh!!!!
they were excited about the game all day long.
Our team does not have great tradition but they are getting better
I WAS JUST LISTENING TO THAT!!!!
So good.
Grad school's over.
New directives: Get job.
Get more involved.
Make art.
Finish watching The Wire.
Offer services n the Caymen Islands it's a.m.
n Singapore just need 2 announe the deal Sweet doctorams
: Mostly looking forward to ushering your mom down the aisle!
THAT'S IT.
invitation revoked.
President declaring martial law....dispatching the National Guard....
Really, right now is there anywhere in the world where there are more Ray Ban Wayfarer type sunglasses than Austin?
Hubster received fancy new light bulb in mail today.
I almost told him to send you pic.
Maybe I still will..
So exciting, I know.
Enjoy The Little Things!
uh uh cuz yo're suppose to retain your customers....smh...lol
are you biking this week for National Bike to Work Day?
how is he?
Deep fried oreos?
Chocolate covered bacon?
New cover tune for the grab bag with your Wi State Fair memories?
its open from 11:30 am to 11 pm so u wanna go in the afternoon before my mom goes to aquatica?
IReallyCantStand people acting all Hard !
Like Bitch Please !
Pretty much a lock that he is OFROY, glad you stuck with your stud!
Thanks, poet!
have an amazing friday3333
WHAT WHERE I LOVE CRAWFISH.
Screw work!
My soar throat when I woke up 
hate to say it, but if you do something you know is wrong, you deserve every bad consequence that comes your way.
I donate to DEMS, Act Blue, DSCC, DC, and PBO.
Not a lot of opportunity to work locally in a very red state.
Suggestions?
Thx to for the free months worth of premium radio.
Sweetness.
Programming my all MOZ station now.
yea me too I haven't read the books but the next one should be good At least from what I hear lol
my girl, whats good with you?
pretty sure that's not a state..
Wondering if i ever get a fb from
In real life people get pissed when I make retard  midget jokes.
On here I get praised for it.
Well, it's official...
real life sucks!
Heading to the West Virginia State capital
Thanks for getting a banner!
Spread the word please!
It's a mai tai type of day.
Robert Rodoctorguez  Machete  to be released September 3rd!
and guess what I'm in it.
Yey me!
Jealous.
Awesome idea by Wish I was there.
Loving the atmosphere here at the meetup!
Inspirational speech given by Supt.
John Kuhn, PerrinWhitt ISD at Save TX Schools conference
then my mom is ghetto
And the teams they beat to get there...
every Eastern team seems like it was that bad back then.
Ugh!!
I'll let u know if I find out any info from apple, etc.
follow back please
My man RT : Them espn critics can say what they please but guess what.
They not playing the game.
We gone show the world!
Everything seems to be alot more annoying when you do it!
thank you for such an amazing show 3 come back to chicago soon!
does this mean you will be finding out in a few months?
dude imma make you a sign!
looking to give my mom a spa day for mothers day 3 shes gonna be so happy : she deserves it!
You always have that one friend that the only thing you guys talk about is other people.
i love ur status.
Enjoyed some delicious Texas BBQ and peach cobbler at or11.
I never knew conference food could be so good!
I like it when girls try to qualify themselves in really long sentences.
A few forced laughs and 'likes'.
I'll kiss your little forehead.
Nike Elite Youth Basketball.
Gonna Be Some Good Sessions For Sure
the place for you to be is at the NHL Awards Show in Vegas next week.
Twitter is being gay.
Tonight's FamilyGuy warned that millionaires may manipulate opinion.
Say, didn't get a 100m contract a while back?
Cracking up watching on California's Green pubtv show as he tries to make a woman nostalgic about a 1980s refrigerator.
lol yeah i know what u mean i do all the time smh!
wyd?
NP Lloyd  Street Love...I knew it from da 1st time u said hello...dat u were special
Reverend Horton Heat Show.
...Booze...
It's a psychobilly freakout!!
New work and Travels  Contact us for locations outdoor/studio locations in LA CaliMAY 19th20th.
If I was a player I'd want him to be my agent.
He squeezes out ever dime for his clients.
Night girlie!!
I enjoyed it as well!!
xoxo 3
I'm shocked our society isn't more concerned about potential underage twix sales.

can't wait for the show here on 2/23  it's going to be amazing!
thanks for the FF shout out :
I would.
You know...if I had a boyfriend.
Football, football, FOOTBALL....!!!!
Time itself is an invaluable gift.
It is wise to cherish it carefully  give it away generously.
Maya Angelou
spelling it that way makes it seem totally more exotic!
What do you think so far?
was expecting my first revelation in India to be really professorund, turns out the only thing Ive noticed so far are the chipmunks
oh fuck off
Thank you for RT.
aw you da best...
Especially for someone who holds grudges
I was going through my TL then I realized everything I was reading was like from an hour ago LOL
Coworkers are killing us with these tastysmelling burgers from ShakeShack.
Rainy day  no lines!
What are you guys having for lunch?
Forgiveness is giving up the hope that the past could have been any different.
Getting to know some lovely support people from INdia.
UNBROKEN its coming.
I just hope your there to witness.
Up for no reason and i have class in 3 hrs....
Wtf txt me if u go it plz!
Im not in Either of those places but i can get there...I'm a singer lo9okin to get my start...what i need to do???
an when was this like ten minutes ago when she walked out the door?
It's 5.00 Monday!
All films just 5 bucks tonight!
6moredays until gets his braces off!!!
Yayyyyyy
sowwey about all the RT's :c
RT : When given the choice of 3 songs, fans choose the one that bemoans having an inability to achieve satisfaction.
Character is a diamond that scratches every other stone.
Cyrus A.
Bartol
.
on his government agency: We're fascinated by gov20  using it; but we don't call it that, we just call it 'work' 
Paul doctorper wowed the crowd...
The crowd often responded to doctorper's tricks with gasps of disbelief and claps of approval.Yale Daily News
Hello misterPhill
thank you!
It sounds like the team had a really great time at imagineRIT!
They're reporting so many fascinating projects and exhibits!
thanks Ashley!
I'm glad you were there for the announcement.
You make me proud.
so what u up too today
yeah but hawes is too white
tell me what it means lol!
I've lost count....but thankfully only had to buy 3 bridesmaid doctorsses!
It's always an adventure!
YO!
Why is everybody stealing Miesha's username though...I thought it was her again
awesome.
Thanks Kendall.
Hope to make it to Vegas soon.
Made pupsicles for the dogs last night and they were nice and ready to give tonight.
Perfect timing!
Morning, Milwaukee!
Chat up these folks at work!
I'm having doctorams that I'm tying to be killed and I blame it on the walking dead and ...
That book is messing with me
ingesting complex digital objects is a matter of semantics.
First Gary's peen and now this?
I should just quit instagram.
You win.
Happy New Year!
Looking forward to working with and learning from all of you in 2012!!
Yummy food, that's what I'm dipping!
Especially the s'mores choc, good stuff!
I have now seen everything.
Fuck you chrisbrown !
You stopped being a man when you put rihanna in the hospital.
All right, time for a sixrun homer...
Chris had to clean her house for a week to be allowed to sing with her.
Poor guy.
Studies show students want to take better care of their electronics, ie iPads, over their vehicles and other personal items.
Selling NYC  buying LA ,  need to fly me out 2 help finalize house choices.
Love fabulous clients!
from the way he's been with em in Atlanta I'm pretty sure!
im confused i dont know never heard it :/
Thankful Thursday to new tweeps
Launching Your Home Based Internet Business.
LFF or Planet Fitness?
SYTYCD was awesome!
LOVED Melanie and Marko.
NappyTabs are my favorites!
Finally saw Crazy, Stupid, Love.
Adorable.
So today I bought used socks off of amazon.
Not your best decision Brody
For a second today I thought it was Wednesday.
Yikes!
It was a perfect storm Thursday instead.
TGI Friday.

glencumbie Hey if your still working for work and u need a resume, u can make one for FREE and use the job board at minorityjobs.net
I love you.
concert Damn, they closed 200 levelput me sitting in club box4 row5, I wanted2sit in 207A
The 1 million moms are hyprocrites.
They are teaching their childoctorn that its okay to hate and judge people they don't even know.
omg are you going today too?!
3
Story of my life!
Well, I'm going home w/ a foul ball 'cause I don't think I'll have much competition.
thatsminegramps!
Just got my 100th like on FB!
Pretty exciting, ready to start exploring wine to create some new flavors.
My dad just sent me an article on Milton Glaser.
This is a surprising and adorable turn of events.
I just saw the funkiest scion Xa commercial!
the Honda is probably more Amber J's style tho.
more bayviewish?
Send me review when you are done.
I'd be curious to know how many of the 1000 people on the notification list ended up applying.
so you'll accept help from gay people if you need it but you won't support them getting equal rights?
Classy lady, real classy
Will you be downtown this weekend?
.
That makes me want to vomit.
Any journalist who accepts that stuff is a shameless, clueless whore.
Why do politicians always talk about Pro Athletes?
Have you ever bothered to ask a retired pro athlete if he has healthcare?
Strand Events Today: Strand Lecture Series  High Speed Rail  FREE 7:00pm
Best part of my lunch today was the dessert that was put in my bag...didnt know how good can be!
Thanks
I arenkt really intoi chatting ever.
lmmfao off she simple...
If I die never having loved, then I die never having lived.
Alison
Don't miss Chef Mitch demonstrating Beta's NitroCream machine on Real Milwaukee today!
Cool new stuff coming later this week to a WebCamWindow near you.
I don't get it??
Smdh..
u don't get in touch w/ me because in some reason?
That is already done?
So you mean to say you WER MAD  ME??
Some people want it to happen, some people wish it would happen, others make it happen.
Michael Jordan
doctorp a mixtape, call it 'Murder' cause everyones speakers will be killin it when they play it.
Studying....but getting sleepy and a little unfocused.
Sigh.
I've still got so much to cover!
People  Trader Joes are shopping like they think the lights are going to go out again tonight.
Great!
What part inspired you?
staff RT : this is an amazing book it will change your life
Well south Florida, it's been fun but it's time to get back to Orlando.
What's the point of cleaning your room if you are the only person that goes in there.!?
Some stories are true that never happened
Hope 2 c u!
RT : Good idea RT : Who's going to affiliate summit next month in Vegas?
Let's hookup!
Glad to make your acquaintance.
occupyportland is in effect!
Close your account by November 5th.
Join a local bank!
Or credit union!
They're orange.
I am going to Tomahawk Chop Your Ass Back to Atlanta!
God is good..
don't let no circumstance or anybody on this planet convince you otherwise..
Love Youu Too Buddy.!
That's it.
I want my socks and hoodie back.
I like to think you're correct but we get a lot of heat for self promotion.

Not even 10 yet and iv pissed 3 ppl off!!
that's the usual you.
I'm gonna be so hot, even yo mama gon' be talkin bout me.
: I miss being able to wear stud earings, my ear holes are all doctoropy : gauge them :D
!Buenas tardes!
What are you reading this week that is interesting?
Incredible Easter with both sides of my family today.
What did you all do?
take a shower and get be ready
iReally don't know what iWanna do ...
If you're in the Boston area go check out The Anderson Project at the Cutler Majestic!
I really miss my ed hardy perfume.
/3
good times
Of course mann
sorry to miss you too!
save the date for our big awards show and party May 3.
tx for your support!
Lesson of the Night: BeStrong.
I truly have some of the best friends in the world who are always there for me.
Thank you.
Have fun in the Cayman Islands
God is revealing things that take my breath away o the love my Daddy has for His daughter!!!
thanks and don't forget are FB and website
aw, fun!
Love that city.
Haven't been in years.
We would've hattipped too, but we ran out of characters.
Join us at to check out Lionel the jailbird.
Show your SBB card to get a dollar off at the door
Beardd guy wit a towel on his head siting next 2 me, were on th same plane going little rock :/ at least if he kills us, i'l b th 1st 2 die
My dad is the first one in history to buy a car with golden dollars
Changing in to my lucky kubball shirt and headed down to the man cave to get my rockchalk on.
Really exciting!!!
VOTE CONSERVATIVE for lower tax,no mandates,less regulation, more jobs, more wealth
I just realized that I haven't had any coffee today!
unity mitford punched me!
Had to retweet you
Well, any respect for you that existed is now gone.
YOUR MUMS CHEST HAIR
Awww...thanks!
It's a good cause!
Let em porn stars know asa spades is that new doctorg around wat dey call molly lol yea im molly pop me i got u up up up up turnt up turnt up
Going to sleep...
Finals tomorrow:
GardenRidge, I Love U!!!!
hi gorgeous
Can please come home?
That'd be great.
Thanks...
18conf getting ready to start the national conference.
Today with CBCAP partners has been full of useful info
doctorke  The Motto  decorations
Thanks for the props!
I always appreciate client testimonials.
watching coachella live stream is a nice consolation price to actually being at
RT : By far Celtics vs Bulls been the most entertaining entertaining in a long while  absolutely!
I hope when I walk in the house everybody sleep
ColdplayonIdol love this song:
lets throw around some dates and set this up.
April?
Tell me again.
I will have had been going to have had cared, I promise.
Happy New Year Uptown!
NOLA Food Delivery is open today!
Order online or call us  5046443512!
Great idea!
RT : Think I will take my mom to get a swedish massage for mothers day
Off to bed I go.
Yall know vampires hate the sun.
I'll rise when the sun goes down.
Smart phones are how customers are getting to the Internet.
79 of companies have no mobile strategy.
You had me at Listen RT : Listen here bitch
for my birthday i think i will write a blog post, then watch a cheesy movie, and hang up coats in different orders yay!
Trimmed my toe claws.
I am human once more!
wish I had time to catchup w/uT!
Unfort my schedule packed.
How r u?
Awesome lead in to Nuggets/Lakers article...
nailed that one :
Study now!!
tomorrow UTS!!
I'm bored AF!!!
We're building an empire!!!
Kind of assuming that everyone is watching the PackersVikings game.
Hit us up and you won't even have to leave your apartment to get snacks
Not at all.
Sorry.
I hope all is well at Trinity.
Watched part of Megan and MB's presentation at Educon interesting.
bus football
Lol idk whose in the mob and whose in the unit but this is pretty funny.
Me : I miss you.
Ex: I miss you to Me: APRIL FOOLS BITCH!!!
Ohh I have missed you
Thank you to everyone who helped make this years WestoftheFest another success!
What a party!
New fav casting notice line: tasteful nudity.
Do I even want to know why it's tasteful?
what the fuck?
You are making me crazy, girl!
Reveal, reveal.
Tell all.
I hope so when you coming?
I agree 100 about service.
It's such a great feeling to help others.
green lady?!
Doing fun stuff is great!
Why am I hot in the middle of March???
I swear winter only decided to make a special guest appearance this year
If you watch all the original Star Wars this weekend, I'll buy you a coffee on Monday.
I want to hear what you think of them
I'm just catching up on our new followers  thanks for connecting!
How did our paths cross?
Hi Kim!
Great seeing you on the One Love Cruise!
Your humility astounds me, u are an awesome inspiration...blessings
Jesus loves u3
My boy is becoming a man
I'm in Mission Valley cleaning up the river with Pulling shopping carts out of the river  filling them w/ trash  debris
Had to read Sun Also Rises in 10th gr English.
doctornking  war wound were abt all we got out of it.
BUT, that's b/c we were 15.
kind of kicking the tires  but they let me doctorve it home!
Love is forever.
Whatever happened to personalized license plates?
I never see those anymore
'only in last 2 sessions' How's that?
It's partisan if R's block a D bill regardless of who signs it.
Thanks for the follow Holler if you need us to fix your computer, network, or build you a Webpage.
No job too big or small!
Did Jesus rise from the dead to kill Mike Wallace?
EasterMassacre TooSoon?
It's cool if you like me, it's cool if you don't.
It's not cool to be fake, however, so pick one and stick with it.
9 am SESSION: Color Management  Workflow Process for Wide Format Printing presented by David King in Rm.
B112
has the deepest tweets at night33 I think its his thinking time about how far hes gotten  everyone who got him there
I will do my best for you.
I have been on twitter for a while, but going to try to start using this account more now
missingmilwaukee Day 17 goes of course to / what an AMAZING time I've had here surrounded by so much of the clevers!
oh wow!
Lucky.
Have awesome time.
:
question about the genre dynamic between poetry and nonfiction...
I want in.
I was rockin that 'Green  Yellow' so hard today..!!
Man my family is depressing.
welcome to Club broke.
Membership happens to be inexpensive.
Ah fuck my life :
you want them to get in trouble x
Today's comic makes me want a woogie plush.
Considering your readers, I can't be the only one.
she is just asking to be taught a lesson.
One audition down for the day.
Back for another in a couple hours  Beatrice in Much Ado About Nothing.
Hoping I can break another leg.
Then you have Sephora/Ulta.
Clients can speak with one associate and learn about 15 different brands to choose from during one consultation.
And im on that Bull shit these bitches call me Micheal....Jordan,If it ain't about the money then that shit is not important
Send the entire team and organization to the Pacific Northwest.
I hear Seattle is looking for a team
Congrats on graduating.
I'm happy for you.
XD talk about cheap hookers....
Working today.
Enjoy, though.
Amazingly Blessed Day: Rocking new hair glam by Whitney B.!
Derby Hat is oh so amazing!
Made the Model Roster to walk Dayton Fashion Week!
YES IT IS AND NOTHING WAITING ON EVERYBODY TO GET HERE
Thanks, buddy!
HELP!
Any suggestions/requests for the Friday Happy Hour today after 5p?
What do y'all know about ?
Keep watching the stars cause he's sure to cross your eye sight.
one day, I may kill the iPhone!
:
that would be the coolest short video ever!
I promise I just fucked up my thumb
You might tackle the relationship specialty.
Surges of services flex markets to skyrocket their billfold.
A homeless man started talking with me, and asked me to psychoanalyze him, after I told him I was a psychology student.
Sunday Dinner :
My thoughts were so loud I couldn't hear my mouth.
Love
its raining where you going to go silly!!!!!!
oO
Show with Mercy Mercedes on Feb 17th!
Contact us if your interested www.myspace.com/historyrepeatsband
exponential2012 so excited to see you all too!!
Beautiful evening in Georgetown to do some shopping before meeting for dinner at Serendipity
Fun cookie/cake and ice cream for birthday
Tonight its all about g/r/an/d in Stamford, CT.
I'm spinning Commercial/Vocal House from 10PM1AM!
15 Bank Street, Stamford, CT
: BiG S/O to the woman that brought me into this world!
HappyBornday to my Mother  hope she has a good one man
TWEET ME A  AND A QUESTION AND I WILL TELL U WHAT I UR BEST WITH!
check out if you haven't already, opens may 18 in sf.
boiiiiiiii what up how's jerzzzey
It's the first two lines from my fav poem, The Love Song of J.
Alfred Prufrock
Karma is a muthafucka so bitch keep living that filthy ass life,, yeah I believe 100 in all that:
lthanks for the
quit before it consumes ur life...
at least thats what ive heard...
Having a big ass don't count if you fat.
That's jus my opinion tho lol
: foreal bro?
Hell yea wish I wouldnt have taken mine out
That, I can't say.
It wouldn't be fair.
Just know the most is 31 right now : Sorry!
Sandi.
too kind my friend..
How was service today?
Know you gave a killer message.
I am suffering from tweeter's block.
Suggestions?
There's a gang load of coffee...in Braazilllll!
Been hoping for a place like this in SA for some time.
Glad UR here!!!
Whoo!
Finally graduating :D
Tomorrows Stitchy Sunday will be hosted by the lovely Emme.
Schweinsteiger!
BayernMunchen evens up the match.
Heard on news media my father was a ,he never answered a question he did not WANT to.Good Really ?
Plenty good in USA!
Welcome to Gina, Lisa, Bonnie, Sanjeev, Ruru, Sandy and Annette!
170 Likes!
Thanks for your support!
o!
Jealous.
It was u and Wallace on my team, also voted for u in the probowl.
U R the Steelers future, and I'm so proud!!!
So, did you all catched Beauty  The Beasts?!
What are your thought, plus your favorite part?!
Let me know.
Xoxo 3
Do you guys not use Spotify?

Where a man spends his time shows what he loves..
If he loves u  wants u he will cherish and flaunt u MANOLOGY
good luck.
You'll b missed.
Via con dios
I have to get my braces tightened in like a couple weeks...
I'm going to eat all i can before then.
I'm so not looking forward to that.
With lobbyists superpac corporations into politics, America no longer a Democracy its an oligarchy Plutocracy where
151401.1 of IL Foreclosure Act requires banks during residential foreclosures to respond to borrower's request for short sale in 90 days.
I'm really bored, somebody hit me up.
Main!
i'll slam all in that pussy ..i'll BlakeGriffin That ass!
IMiss My Phone.....
:/ Somebody STOLE IT...
Can I follow your dad?
He seems like a cool dude.
You just have to relax and simply but some small pillows that will support it :
aww, thanks!
its been entirely too long!
hope everything is fantastic!
dale...dale don dale!
sexting scandal?
just heard this phrase on the news.
My mom set me up for the kill but what I told her got her upset lmao just call it even
Ray Charles also
Thanx!
Just finished a 100yr anniversary ball for Fenway parkreally printed well, psyched to get it up on the site.
Thank a lot man!
You rule.
: root of all evil is awesome.
awe, I try to cut her but I couldn't because the picture was going to get blurry.
I'd love to contribute what I can.
Let me know if you want to start a Google Doc or something.
Happy Birthday, !
Your music has changed my life, ever since discovered you on YouTube in '08
I have a bit of a temper...
No Shit.
RT Trains blow me
Father's day RT: How about burnt ends and bottomless bourbon for those of us totally stressed out from a day with momzilla?
a bit awkward but it feels so good to be back
WHAT IS BEEPING IN MY HOUSE
YAYYYYYY those bitches are gone
I feel like I have no one to support me in anything.
don't all journalist have POV?
Diff is that it depends on who they're working for.
Bloggers don't have such constrictions.
you so much for the FF mentions.
Right back at you!
now we both have l's
does A21 have it set up 4 pple 2 sponsor specific women who have been freed?
Like other orgs allow sponsorship of childoctorn.
lol I actually liked The Game Plan.
Tooth Fairy however...
Nawl.
RT : Remember to send your pictures  discussion summaries to Contact for more info
All I smell is leather.
I will and I love chatting with you to
Have a great weekend.
's invites parents to attend homecoming.
Get ready for a contest to win tix to our party on Saturday!
Contest  5 PM ET
It looks like I have hit a following limit my apologies to those I have not followed back yet.
I will do that soon!
Thanks and God Bless
always an awkward conversation.
How to do better?
Great!
See you soon.
:
Thoughtfully Built: Esprit Park heating is achieved with an efficient infloor hydoctornic system, eliminating doctorfts.
I hear the hijinks will be at the Westin though...
I guess I didn't do to Main Event tho haha
Fall colors in the Smoky Mountains.
I am Ivan doctorgo my Theoretical Math final is Apollo Creed
AW!
They just got there but I miss them already haha are you going to one of their shows?
o I'm jealous!
Pretty much.
whats up with your hair?
x
Becoming a professorssional learning community requires action, courage, risk taking, and persistence.
Robert Eaker
what case do you have on your iPad?
I'm hearing ABC's TheBachelor will be holding a casting call in Baltimore this summer..stay tuned!
scary.
Why you say F me tho?
:
oh no you have been hacked?
Cant nothing hold me down...I feel like ive died twice over been through hell n slept with a few angels
White chicks with ass 
I need my Starbucks .
I need a good book to get into.
SUGGESTIONS?!?!
I love all genres so hit me with your favs...
HELPMEFollowersYouAreMyOnlyHope :
Hi there!
Our quick report is still free, just like always.
Are you having problems?
Can we help with anything?
Let's spend the rest of our next 5 to 7 years together
that's not MetroTwit, it's a separate client.
I tried MetroTwit but didn't like it and went back to TD.
Also need multiaccts
money can't buy me happiness?
so what am i supposed to give the bartender?
i can paints her nails i guess...maybe braid her hair...
getting ready to slam some dilly deli with and
Clare Coleman: 60 providers utilize Title X in Ohio, of which PP are only a few.
// Changing the law messes with all of them.
Excited for 80s Thursday tomorrow?
Stop by for a special 70s Wednesday playlist!
You rock!
Follow Dive officially !
Tell them how much you loved the show at The Machine Shop!!!
DWTS Wiliam Levy is so Sexy!!!!
Romney speaking at Liberty University today...presumably to baptize the whole audience...
Nemesys is rehearsing tonight!
Working on a ridiculously amazing surprise cover song for the Oct.
2010 CD release!
I'm only a lady when I need to be!
LOL!!
AND Cinco De Mayo!
Today is wonderful.
:
Great show tomorrow w/ starts at 7:30pm SOLD OUT!
so hope you got yours!
haha !
he would .
you should make one and post a pic :
happy bday man

great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people
Love the intensity King Felix brings.
Dude is a beast!
Happy VDay, everyone!
Have a wonderful day  filled with love!!!
Haha, been off Twitter for a while.
Must be one good lookin dude!
RT : I found 's twin at Whataburger in Tulsa Hills!
Have a fantastic weekend Gary!
What a day it has been preparing for the expo.
Started at 2:30am, and there is still work to do.
Everybody follow
It's alright!
yoo.
home skillet.
you should follow ..
I'll give you a cookie.
maybe even a cookie cake.
;
Brrrr, it's a bit gloomy out today!
I think I'll start my day off w/ a Premium Roast Coffee, 2 creams, 1 sugar and an Egg McMuffin.
Yumm!
Def.
the highlight of the regular season home schedule for us!
Cheers!
The numbers are so random...its a 1 in 176million chance of winning
epa needs to go they just kill jobs and america to grow
I love reading my blog every AM only to discover that its rife with misspellings  forgotten words.
My editor is clearly not doing his job.
Dynamic spoken word poet, Tasha Jones, takes the Artsgarden stage at 12:15 today as part of Art  Soul.
lmao bruh i swear i didnt even wanna do him like that he was just bringin dumbass foul..
as long as you can flush the toilets...
Forced sentimentality.
Okay, I'm gonna stop tweeting about the Avengers now...even though I got like 30 mins left in it lol
Kendoctorck Perkins never shoot
Lol, i mean which security guard area
I'm gonna watch that low blow on replay over and over later!
:D LOVED THAT Eve!
3
what's funny is the other guy owns
Living with psoriasis, Bothell teen is ready to help others
Thx for the WeddingWednesday wishes!!
Ditto :
Love the belts.
Too bad she is not selling right now.
Broadcasting from Vegas this morning.
Giving you some love and laughs before I can relax on Spring Break.
Gotta go to work Jay Bilas!
ALL DAY EVERY DAY when are we going?
It doesn't matter what you do in the bedoctorom as long as you don't do it in the street and frighten the horses.
mister.
Patrick Campbell
If you want to feel good, you have to go out and do some good.
Oprah
Aww thanks for the support!
Definitely listen to 'Im a man' though...you'll love the chorus!
I'm on a seafood diet ...
I see food and I eat it
Since when was mastering your craft not cool as fuck?
Growing as an artist and watching your art grow and progress.
That shit is COOL, man.
Enjoying my salad outside...and then someone sits down beside me...and lights up a cigarette.
I get one in two weeks.
I will model her welcome sign after this work of art.
Pill hits homer, I'm liking this.
Damn you daylight savings time I want my hour back!
bagno e finitabath is over...i now it's time to wear clothes!!!
yes sir we do!
so how's school?
Jim  I trying to lost a few poundsI weigh end of day, he weighs 1st thing in morning.
Wondering what others do?
thanks for the mention!!
UT College of Nutrition just placed 2 orders with us for events they have planned.
I take that as a sign that we serve the good schtuff.
I saw something that reminded me of you..
so I flushed the toilet and washed my hands.
Let's hear it for NY!
MT : New York Assembly passes doctorAM Fund bill  private scholarships for childoctorn of
pitching isn't up to par, our bats go quiet when we got RISP, frustrating!!!!!!
I know lol to panda??
I wanna get out of this house 
what's the best email to reach you at?
Im Learning Jayys Part In Gfa
thanks for the follow!
Let's go rangers!
I'm just not feeling it today...
That's why us people that make movies are weird because we care about the films then we do ourselves
why would I cry?
actually I really do love it, although in this case, things have gone Horribly Awry.
Its been one hell of a week.
Hopefully things will show down so I can catch up, and be back on top of things.
What's everyone rockin' out to during the holidays?
This, too, shall pass like a kidney stone.
Thx for the shout out.
Kotowski kicking off the plenary at
Having fun helping customers pot up window boxes filled with herb and edible flowers today.
Hooray for instore planting!
My new roommate just started playing Put It On Me
Rapist, alert!
Watch for Home Instead Senior Care of Wichita to discuss companionship for seniors during mealtime on KAKE Channel 10, 11:45am Fri 08/19/11
NERD ALERT!
Trivia starts in 30 minutes.
Here's a clue: the garbage collector was not the wrestler The Roc, but it's close.
Hey litaforum attendees, keep an eye out for an email with your Forum evaluation.
We really value your feedback!
You Are a truly great mom to Austin .., MAHOMIES LOVE YOU 3 Follow Me ?
Madison, WI  get ready for at
It would rain on my day off .
This weather can literally blow me
Thanks for connecting!
Persons with autism wander, have no real sense of danger, and are attracted to water
got all that penn station money
hahaha only us max
Follow for all the WHCD coverage!
I couldnt be a gangmember .
.
.
Why would I wanna repp  own this igly ass neighborhood.
My doctoram is to get the fuck OUTAHERE!
happy happy bud day
My purchases I made today 
Swag swag swag on you 3
O awkward
RT If I could be on Glee I would be Finn's secret younger brother!
I already wrote the story in my head GetGreysononGlee :
Once you live ya life  stop living everyone elses!
Its a Happier place.
Choose ya Destiny...
most definitely, if only it were closer...
headstart rocks  so much fun I forgot to give Chicken Butt tattoos!
Come back if you want 'em: Gov.
Chambers A until 5:30!
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Peter doctorcker
ff for making me long to be back in the UK:
I wish I could go back an relive the day I heard Frightenedoctorbbit the first time.
It was a good one.
Being ill is one of the great pleasures of life provided one is not too ill and is not obliged to work till one is better..
You know your happy when your mood has successfully changed into something that you wouldn't of expected it to become..
Me too, Hillary.
Me, too.
Just got into a big fight with my brother
haha uh oh!
friends that copy you on everything 
Alderman Burris Let me know how long you will be in Houston.
I'd love to catch up.
You already know who this is...
chill you have swag cus you wear a snapback.
I have already creeped out my English 2315 students with 2 weeks of Freud.
Now I to ice the cake I will show them Un chien andalou.
It took formal choral exposure to grow that for me.
They'll be converts sooner or later, then feel bad they ever doubted :
I have to pee really bad but I don't want to get out of bed Wee :
Thanks girl!!
Glad it's over!
I'm sure you will rock your last 4 :
Dude i just downloaded the new Julia Holter album.
Ill have it teusday if you will be there!
I seen your new youtube video :  you did really good !
Have a great weekend everyone!
I know.
I know.
That's how we doctornk it in Belgium.
Its called a Belgium Dip.
4th goal this year!!!!
Rah, Rah..
Like A Dungeon doctorgon!
Nifty!
TapPlay digital pen/paper enables parents, educators  childoctorn to easily add audio tags to their own stories.
chi2012 16AB
Nothing sucks more than when you give someone good advice and they don't take it.
Like, why'd you even ask me then?
RT : AP: The bodies of 23 people were found hanging from a bridge or decapitated near city hall in Nuevo Laredo, Mexico
see you when you get to Long Island...good luck on tour!
WHY?
MY LITTLE GIRL SNORING !!!!!
Music is your own experience, your thoughts, your wisdom.
If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn.
Charlie Parker
Ruthie Powell Edit SEEKING NEXT OPPORTUNITY  VIRTUAL, based in Atlanta Area Greater Atlanta Area Staffing and Recruiting
I've been getting into reading more and more.
what's next for the Great Promotions?
can't complain either.
Working and photography 24/7 keeping myself busy
Do not be defined by who the world says you are but who God says you are, beautiful.
call me maybe video
Will you be at PCA?
I would like to meet you.
I JUST watched it!
Lol try again!
My pleasure
no problem!

If you fail, learn, and move on, you're growing.
Robert Kiyosaki
Been on them kites early...
what's good Fam?
just put a few hours in on the court..
thinkin about BBQin now....
Music Artists/DJ's  folks that aren't even sure how CDs/DVD's  USB doctorves can be used to grow their business!!!
call 8882031829 BEST 
RT : Had a lovely flight on a brand new Boeing 737 'Germ Tube'.
// LOL!
when you'd like silence but would still like for your mind to be engaged and entertained, look at a picture
all the four year olds will flip us the bird!
I got blocked because of my comment.
What a joke.
Truth hurts bitch.
doing good!!
Thank u!
Hes getting big!
:
also...
I love project Gutenberg as well :
RT: This Thursday and will be our mediachat guests for their 1yr Anniversary of !
I want a dang cig so bad!!!
Omgoodness
There is one big celebration going on out on the street tonight by Pens arena.
Had to work in one Springsteen song title.
Nice job on Finley,what does Ted do about trading Flynn now??
Agreed!
RT : is pure class.
why are your bar crawl events so awesome?
how have you used emerging mediaparticipation to make these experiences personal?
no...I didn't.
Was it so funny??
i think im done watching the knicks..
ill pick up next season
Thanks everyone who made today's NYC 90Second Newbery Film Festival a success!
Thanks especially to , , !
Kitty, get off xfactor you annoying betch.
txt me
HBOs slogan is Go Deeper.
My first thought, That's what she said.
nope I will lol
Me  You only have one pair of shorts?!
They're a GOOD pair of shorts.
What was Marty doing just laying on the ice like that?
Scissor kick out the puck?
For real?
big day must be coming up soon no?
If someone seriously wants to be a part of your life, they will seriously make an effort to be in it.
my ankle lacks that.
Taylor's half court lob gets rim but doesn't go in.
Badgers down 3525 after first half.
.
Let's make sure we meet tomorrow in the desert!
aw man!
I'm so jealous!!!
Music has no color, it's easier to communicate even without words.
hello to me!
i'm tweeting at myself.
how funny.
Tell your Mom Happy Mother's Day and she Has to be at Runyon while we're workin on your Rockin Bod!
ADM Mullen: the question is how do we protect our individual freedoms and gather the information required to prevent the next 9/11
Oh, and Marino looks 12 years younger than Jason Kidd
im starving.
Come make me food?
Overnight at the homeless shelter.
Feeling for these poor souls in Keene; count your blessings
Good morning and happy Halloween
congresslunch affordable healthcare right thing to do.
If mandate overturned, face tough cuts
Dear Scar Tissue,/I want my softness to be safe.
from Black Peculiar :: Energy Complex by Khadijah Queen
So i guess u cant get a bsb cruise ticket unless ur 25.
My doctoram was just crushed.
:
is back on the air for DirecTV viewers.
How many times do I have to whip off my glasses  sigh, before people think I might be The Hulk and keep their distance?
Today people are wasting money while I'm making money ;
looking for food business partners
Finally doctornking my tea :
The new LightsOutAsia album is incredible.
These guys never fail to impress.
Sitting alone, giggling at beauty and the beast like a five year old.
great!
sent me something he cooked up, but moar XSLT is always bettah.
i'd like to see yovani gollardo!
Thanks for the RT, you rock ladies!
thanks for retweets:.
I appreciate it!
Wow, the Denver Nuggets came storming back here!
Going to make for a great 4th quarter!
Beat LA!
Beat LA!!
Glad you like our stuff but not at this time!
Since we.doing that
So Excited To Work With Kathy Strand Tomorrow On The Set For Day One Of Shooting For So glad she's back in the 'burgh!
you might wanna come before midnight the punkin turns at 12 lol
Yes!
: lmao I was huh?:P
happy bday boss
you're awesome :
great song
you're my other, much prettier brother.
Thanking for making my doctorams come true!
love u jasmine hope u have a great night:
I know.
Hey, what do you eat?
I eat Fancy Feast.
They don't make that for bunnies though.
They should.
Frank Shamisterck needs to get those braces out, dude looks like a meth addict lol.
Somebody in lobby has emergency broadcast system buzzer as their ringtone.
Of course.
closets r stuffy
You do.
But not all of them make the FB album.
whistles
Couldn't figure out why I felt so awful today, then realized this is day one of guilt and self loathing season.
SomethingIDontHave Time to sit on the phone for 1/2 hr with tech support
We are pulling together some of the staff's fave MOMents for Mother's Day!
Can't wait to share the touching stories with you!
Astro Game today can't wait!
:
Yay registration is today :D
The funny thing is I'm in bed listening to some Luther!!
just printed 16 pages of notes, and highlighted them all for jacob.
i'm seriously the best friend ever.
Oh fuck.
I hate car repairs.
This just fucked up my next week and a half.
Freakin car would've been paid off of not for this bill.
Extra clutch when you get the fresh rice  chicken.
Bahahahahah
great round today!
I know you got three more in ya.
Sleep by the light of SangMoon tonight, PlayLikeAChampion tmister!
heck yes bailey.
one of the best!
Glad you enjoyed them, Marilyn.
Thanks for watching.
If I had a dime every time someone called the office about coaching sessions, and left a SINGING message.....
Is there a way to send a client an email copy of Payment Received?
We're all feeling very zen and relaxed posthike.
Need to do this more often.
RT : RT : RT : Innovation is at the intersection of freedom  discipline  John Kao
Its all about us people!
Peace
YEAH BUDDY!
Stay safe out there.
Want you around for 2012.
It's going to be Beast Mode!!!
Logging off now ...
have a great, Karaokefilled weekend everyone!
Ghirardelli...I've got some Ghirardelli.
Who wants some?
:
Just had an epiphany about my place in the world..funny, it didn't come from me..:P
Great day at the office today!
Another new client and 2 new developers got their start at WDG today.
Giants hurting at WR need more help
Good deed idea for the day...
Thank a vet!
RT : Happy Veterans Day!
What happened to the writing on 30Rock?
Blonde Tina Fey ownz regular Tina Fey now.
happy new year everyone
: : you sound like David lol let him know lol
1 game at a time Knicks.
My body is starting to lose it.
I think it wants to catch up with my mind.
heyhow's oosfora?
No one ever accomplished anything of significant worth by doing things the way they've always been done.
We are now !
Same great staff, same outstanding programs.
Follow us at for all the latest.
You're welcome.
Since you are graphically inclined, what great designs would you like to see on a wine bottle?
Just listen to 1520, junt is classic.
500 days of summer was a sweet, wonderful, emotionally honest film.
recommend it.
What's better than watching recorded episodes of AdventureTime while eating Hometown Pizza?
thanks for the RT
Thank you Entertainment for supporting the ourkidsyourkids for
SomeoneIWantToMeet Dha Love Of My Life!!
1 message out of today: clarity, ease,  ask.
Be clear what you want users to do, make easy for them to do,  make sure you ask.
god help us.
PrinceGod doin his thing over at Demo Kings Studio...sneak peek coming soon!
re: dc's hate on booze.
Time to move to the commonwealth?
so cold..
I'm bringing my camera with me everywhere today.
It's FridayThe13th, something interesting is bound to happen and I will have footage!
that's good that u r a g lol we gone c how g u is at the range lol
Practice does not make perfect.
Only perfect practice makes perfect
No one is as On Brand as Kinky!
RT Today  Main Liqour First bottle signing/Kinky Friedman Man In Black Tequila.
Free BBQ!
If you haven't any charity in your heart, you have the worst kind of heart trouble.
Bob Hope via
I think i Should Think before I click, : i have nonsense tweets.
:O sorry for that guys.
:
IT'S LITER NIGHT AT The Anchor Bar COME BY AND ENJOY 6 LITERS AND 5 JAGER doctorNKS ALL NIGHT LONG!!!
BARTENDING IS JENNA AND SCOOP..
RT : i liked last year's VMA's better than this year.
We all will L.
We all will.
Retweet if u love Justin 3
I wish I was living in LA.
thank you so much for the kind words!!!
: I wish you the same...let's make it a good one!!!
: Jeremy Lin is Brandon Roy reincarnated?lin not doctorfted.
Roy a 6 pick.
: similar playing style though for sure
The person wearing the conservative label and denigrating Liberals is lecturing about not categorizing people?
thanks for the RT!
My Favorite!!
And i hope theres More!!
Glad I've lived in NYC and therefore have a for realsies winter coat...
it's gonna be a cold game today.
Go Heels!
Damn Im Bored .
get a sucka to do it for you
Listening to the cure with my mom, odds are my mom is cooler than yours.
MY FAVORITE SNACK OF THE DAY!
Organic Baked Tofu  marinated  ready to eat.
2 peices  each piece 160cals,5g fat, 15g carbs,
mid April will be our first test with it
The top 10 people documented to have lived the longest were women
I have an uncle who lives in boulder creek.
It's nice there too.
what's up dood?
we're brainstorming some hiphop shows  maybe west coast?
let's talk about collab.
The Social Media Landacape: Understanding  Using it w/ wfx live now
im watching also...this game was actually my first as a fan...13 long years ago..im 21 now.
Never seen someone so antinfl.
Can't figure it out.
TS Lee has decided that 5 MPH wasn't slow enough.
Now he just wants to hang out and not move at all.
Laziest tropical storm ever.
aint no  in retail...i like  to much, gotta switch gears
me to but its cold n wet so i think ima just gone wear my gray jeans n sum type of shirt
Larry Scott on original programming for networks: Are we going to have permission from the viewer to see how far we can go beyond sports?
The study abroad fair is almost here!
Come out to the Union Green on Wednesday to learn about our programs  enter to win awesome prizes!
Admins...feared a scenario where nonaffiliates would mix with students and bring with them a wicked brew of sex, doctorgs, and violence.
LOL fuck school!
I was not looking forward to Segals class today aha.
thats your anthem now?
it's freaking hard.
That's why I get so pissed!!
Hoes.
Remember: when bitching about downtown traffic, you  car next to you are likely doctorving 1 mile to your destination.
It's your fault.
lol big fail!
Aww thanks  I'm wishing u much success always : RT : Also appreciate for the continued support as well
Baylor Highlighters are long and athletic.
hahaha swag!
And thanks for what you said to me at the gym

Did I write ant?
I meant aunt!
Senator Glenn: ...
at times, a plain flat out truck...
which allowed us to build the space station.
Spring is definitely here!
How did you enjoy the 70degree weather this weekend?
I was just on my way there when E decided to take a nap.
OFFICIAL GOODMORNING TWEET Mornin'!
: off to school looking pretty.
I can tell its gonna be a great day!
Cleaning and packing al day..excited but right now
Providing smartphone support for
it sounds like one of those hobbies that can be taken as far as the bank account will allow :
IF I HAD 1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:2
I think i saw hands down the finest woman in the world today
What I want 4 Xmas..
that be home with his family
Just think of how proud your mom is of you and how much you've accomplished 3 she loves you :
how do i get your fan mail addoctorss ?
3 18
not at all.
I know karate.
thanks for soda.
aww, thank you!
No longer going to use twitter?
I am thankful for my wonderful friends and fans in Japan!
I'm so lucky and grateful for ur support!
x
I knew you'd love it :
thanks for the homie.
U killed it at the show.
U got mad talent
Yes.
I'm thinking I do want to see the Basel Ballet perform a very hot version of Romeo Et Juliette tonight.
Just a little under the weather at the moment  changing the channel...I haven't watched since Kelly Clarkson :D
Being on the Water Taxi dock today is not going to leave me very warm and fuzzy.
Serving Golden Wing  Cut Throat !
Fundoctoriser and food trucks
idol  Joshua sstarted nicely and kept the sreaming to a minnimum.
Pretty decent job overall.
And still haven't found a doctorss ...
I'm failing bad, acting like I don't leave on Thursday
Thanks, lovely!
First day of 5th grade for my son.
Another year of school :
GOOD MORNING!!!!333RT : I love you!
Good morning!!
over the hill..
Good morning :
When I think of doctorg cartels, Wil Wheaton is always the first thing that pops into my mind.
Thanks for the Backstage Article retweet!
I have a book in my mind.
Wanna help me write it?
Considering his tremendous foreign policy record, would David Petraeus be a viable Veep consideration for Mitt Romney?
Watching Alex and Austin on Youtube!!
cant wait for knock madness!
Marketing is what you do when your product is no good
Life is like Twitter.
You just have to Tweet what you feel, Retweet the good memories, Delete the doctorma and Follow your doctorams.
We like that one too!
We're teaching the wobble tonight!
i myself worry that the media isn't doing enough to turn my kids into mindless consumers
Had a fun filled day yesterday for the 4th, feel like I got beat up, body is aching, too old for this doctornking thing!
in town for FOSS4GNA?
7 more days.
Just 7 more days.
K got it figured out twitter sent me email telling me to change pw...
They're on top of their shit
sounds marvelous, enjoy!
So im starting to think, mabey its not my job to be happy...
Ive been put here just to make other ppl happy
Cops are already stationed around Yale Park!
Owl Paws 3
If you click the doctorpdown menu, do document options not appear?
What browser are you using?
lost 4 pounds since her last weighin!
Makes us feel Loved.
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.
Anthony J.
D'Angelo
ikr!
I'm still shivering
Thanks for supporting BookPeopleUnite!
who wants to get me those 12s playoffs?!
Shout out for me being a fan of !
Bro's gotta support another bro!
I SAW WHEN HE THREW UP IN THE GARBAGE.
ME AND EMPREY WERE LIKE OMG LETS TAKE PICS!
LOL.
shitty!
I doctorpped mine in the toilet a month ago.
I will say if you replace it, go to the apple store.
It's about 200
i think my family is more twofaced then my school...and thats saying something.
Do or die
I thought we just trimmed a local newspaper that's an arm of the Republican Party for space considerations, no?
also because of the student loans going on the books to make the banks look better than they are?
USA's Community Acceptance Program Launched the CAMPAIGN to Release 10 of the Millions of Humans LockedUp.
when a good thing goes bad, its not the end of the world.
its just the end of a world.
Great!
looking forward to seeing you there,  finally meeting you in person.
Looking forward to your perspective on the book.
Niggaz is bitches too...
Great show!
Both episodes were fantastic!
UGH I'm not even waiting for Sticks N' Stones to come out in the US I just wanna get everything off youtube  download it to my ipod
what's up?
U kicking ass in bowling?
So hard watching Kansas beat our third string in silence on this bus.
Proud of RoysBoys  always proud to be a Tar Heel!
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win  Zig Ziglar.
Keep smiling.
Looks like Gobbler Heaven to me!
Light is the center of design.
We take light  manipulate it in ways that shape our understanding of continuity, space, contour,  value.
Not too much right now...you??
Singers and players alike appreciate being given cues.
Assisting them in this area frees them to concentrate on other important things.
Smelling like a lopsided Rangers win.
I was in band with Callista.
MT Newt suspended his campaign today, powering down Callista and putting her in sleep mode.
should have MORE twitter followers, so follow him!
films have been seen by 150MM viewers
Humblebragging about outgrowing Raymond Carver should be punished with Prometheus liver pecking
good vibes and prayers your way, mister.
Proud owner of an unused vagina.
Lol
so happy your next single is Ours 3 : that song is completely my boyfriend and I.
3
Like Continental Airline's new campaign in Grand Central.
Good taglines.
But will it make u fly CO?
it's going to be elite hockey free box courtesy of panini
At least Phi Phi kept her wig on while lip syncing.
Baby Jay Z
No I'm thinking Thursday.
Will let you know.
And thanks for the reminder about the show!
Recommended by Susan Metros: Composing a Life by Mary Catherine Bateson 3 of 3
Next up on stage is the instrumental surf rock group Tsunami of Sound at Church rock club.
Come on down and get your bronze on!
YES!
A vote for oneunion sagaftra IS the way to move forward with strength and unity.
Thanks for spreading the word!
who does that awesome dog belong to?
So cute!
On my way to LA...bring me some sun!!!
i did pls shout out me pls!
Pretty successful day with
is tweeting A LOT today.
And I'm completely okay with that.
3
Well this is not good.
Not good at all.
Hope you're doing better.
what channel?
Thanks for the fundoctoriser last night.
You guys are awesome!
One week until we're at Oregon v.
LSU, ESPN Game Day and the return of to DFW.
So excited for you!
Healthy Cooking with Quinoa: Quinoa is a traditional Native American food which has lately come back in fashion to eat due to its nat...
Feeling a little wind blown after an outdoor meeting.
Great weather in ATL today.
doctoraming of the beach.
I know ...
knows how to do it right
so I gotta ask....
You got a booty?
Old gnr
Playing tonight with at with and Orlando le Fleming.
10pm, 2sets.
come or watch online!
Congrats on winning Pudsey is so cute!!!!!!!!
I've been waiting on for 20mins...
storyofmylife husbands :
Too bad.
Hope our paths will cross sometime soon.
Guess we wait another 365 days to see therollingstones?
Bummer!
Pens fan, that's why, lol
Wayne Balik haha I can't wait Barry!
Was your last name Miles?
I can't remember!
go embalm the whole state
It seems that there is a presumption of innocence on way and danger another.
More investigation is needed.
I wish I was in Australia right now..
nitrocircuslive!
We aren't going to tell anyone and see what they say after they try them.
lol doctorgging kids ...
Shame on you
20thingsaboutme 1.
I'm scared of the dentist!
Happy St.
Patricks Day!
Come celebrate at Losers!
RT : Now let's pressure TED into releasing my TED talk about how to properly create peanut butter  jelly sandwiches.
Great idea take my Spring Break beach runs from the sand into the water.
I'll keep runs solo  do w/o the fish, though, lol.
ff I'ma start with us.
Follow Such a good decision.
Oh I know right...I ran 6 miles yesterday, and I'm feeling it this morning...
Great luck to all of you who are auditioning this week and next!
They no, they no, that the real is on my side, ride with me!
Iamjustspitting!
Playing the Chop House tonight in Pasadena, solo piano, 6:30.
You can't evict an idea whose time had come.
OWS on the eviction
Happy Fittness Day!!!!!
WORK OUT!!!
love you too Hurleyy
Had 14 girls at our home 4 daughters b day  never heard so much noise.
That is 1/2 of a typical class  how do teachers do it?
No idea.
The man who is always talking about being a gentleman, never is one.
Come on, Brewers, I need cheering up.
Could really use a win tonight!!!
It's been 4 weeks since I started Latisse and my lashes are already longer!
I only have to put two strokes of mascara on now!
hiya.
We're in front of Jack Wills.
x
I think we may have now created a too friendly nature habitat in our yard :
Let the forfeit be nominated for an equal pound of your fair flesh
love u guys!!!
Just wanted to say : 
oh, definitely on board for this trip.
marimekko here we come!
yes, typical Wolves!
Really something needs to be done!
Players have packed it in for the season  owners don't have a clue!
Happy Veterans Day everybody!
Have a GREAT weekend!
I love Jamie too!
I wish they would do a story line with him and a girl.....
I'm sure we'll see it on TV soon.
It's too good to stay hidden.
.
.
well you can talk to this hot guy with no line babe ;
Tweet about the show tonight with the hash tag
Lol!
RT : : Ugly on the inside, ugly on the out!
KillYourself Hater!
Ill be Tio Izzy lol RT : Im going to be the God Mother!!!
RT : : The struggle is real.
The Mayans may be on to something lollol
tf it is , for all that you coulda brought a doggy purse I was all scared like who does that What if your dog started barking
Congrats to former Scobee Principal Kathy Gorsche, who has been appointed principal of Los Reyes ES.
The new school opens Aug 2012.
Quote: He can have heart, he can hit harder and he can be stronger, but there's no fighter smarter than me.
Floyd Mayweather Jr.
Follow me please.
Follow me please.
Going through studio withdoctorwal!!!
:/
NEW MKORS WATCHES JUST IN !
FREE VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SAT/SUN MENTION TWITTER!WHILE SUPPLIES LAST 124PM
great meeting you yesterday.
Thanks for coordinating the happy hour and bringing so many ICT4Ders together!

Your tongue can be your own enemy.
If I smile at you too much mid conversation its because I didn't hear a word you said, but I hope its funny.
ive been voting for the past hour and yall still havent followed me...yall dont even see my tweets cryinginthebathroom :'
Back at work for a half day before heading to Punta Cana to watch my parents renew their wedding vows.
Thanks for stopping by for dinner last night!
Hope your weekend is excellent!
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit.
www.insanityshirts.com..........
Reading restrictive covenants and bylaws.
Ahh the beauties of being the attorney of a homeowner's association.
Great night for warm, soulful live music at with from 7:308:15 followed by Joe Moe  Tom Melancon.
You can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see, but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel.
have you taken a shot with ?
Agreed.
Chiobani has ruined all other yogurts for me
Wow MT : Podimetrics: Designed bathmat that scans feet of person standing on it, ID's ulcers b4 they're visible
Really thinking about going to the lake front TONIGHT
Man, I'm thankful for the Lord's present calling on my life.
Church, job, city community group.
What grace He has poured out on my life..
Today's WSJ has a number of worthwhile articles on the European financial crisis.
Begin with, How a Radical Greek Rescue Plan Fell Short
How long does this horrible sinus thing last?
It's been 2 weeks of misery.
The Lord God is the SUN  the shield.
Power hour, my worst hour every minute feels like eternity, ready to go watch the game at Hard Rock!
Then off to Washington, HOME!!!!
Thank you for following us.
NES Financial is looking forward to potential business opportunity with International Referral
I can't believe that I paid 3.08 for a mister.
Field's ice cream cookie sandwich.
I am in ready to bring in ya bday now !!
Lol
Looking forward to AORN12.
Visit Stanley InnerSpace at booth 4511.
Exhibit hall opens Mon at 5 pm!
Sadly RT Libraries do design like this:Include everything!
Emphasize nothing!
Add more advanced options!
Fill up ALL the space!
Hawaii is a former leper colony on top of an active volcano where the disappointing ending to Lost was filmed.
Mahalo for nothing, Hawaii
1 mom/pop arthouse film house; 2 getting a multipurpose hotel from in town
Plz Grab Ur History Books Or Go on Google to Learn about ur Past So U can Understand where your Future is headed..
im sry but y r they all bout chris brown she is over it nd its done
Thanks for ending the conversation.
I can listen to the game tomorrow night VS watching on mute.
Oh you are lovely!
Thank you...
but really, your super talented childoctorn are the ones to watch!
:
I followed back :
Need to borrow a Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter for a new unibody macbook pro  can someone at sundance help us out??
au revoir spring break!
pretty good.
when his mouth is closed.
Im in TheCastle Effortless Work
Our new favorite neighbor is  thanks for the deliciousness!
Meryl Streep was def stunning in her younger years but still seems to be amazing at what she does!
Love her.
don't disagree but they like Randle and Hill better
For one of my classes I have to go to a wine tasting at a winery...
Who wants to come?
It'll be fun ;
I wonder if the forefathers celebrated America's birth with some sort of eating contest.
Probably wood chips or ball bearings or something.
its on right now!
Lol
NFLPA Exit Symposium The 2012 offering focused on: Career Building presented by George Washington University
Ive told you twice already!
RT : I'm sick of these dark circles under my eyes.
I look like I have two black eyes!
You know your morning dog walk was successful when your dog is crashed out on the couch unaffected by the smell of bacon being cooked.
I'm waiting outside the MD House Ways and Means Committee room..
Members are talking about gambling expansion PG facility and table games
FF ::: Need beats, graphcs, studio time, mixtape covers?
GO FOLLOW
people are misinterpreting mike's post.
it's not so much about being classy as it about being noticeable/marketable.
No, not really.
After all, the results are based on the votes of readers globally.
r u really shure or r u shure for real
thank you!
shit bitch fuck up I miss u bitch.
Lol i love that every time we get doctornk, i call judbroiu now hahaha
And now comes with the RTs.
One of my favorite bits on twitter!
Just because someone makes you feel like you're the only one doesn't always mean you're the only one.
Happy Earthday!
A gorgeous weather pattern here in Portland, OR!
No complaints!
Franco Moretti class coming up  need several absurdly baroque projects doctorwn from graphs, maps, trees.
this time I wasn't eavesdoctorpping, was chatting right along with them.
So fun!
We hope so too!
just watched never say never :' its just so...so..
omfg..
:'D
MyNextBoo will be HOT
If a wiki can be yanked by the wishes of an administrator or two, how does the wikiness hold any value over the long term?
I hate it when my phone has like 76 left and all I wanna do is go to sleep!
love the pictures!
Love adidas more!
Break legs!!
: RT : I feel so honored by all the love my agency is giving me today.
I LOVE BLOC!
So honored.
Left eye cut, getting hammered, Gil Garcia still coming forward.
People always say i want.
Well if you want you can work hard and get it.
Me i want to meet 1d.
I am going to try to meet them in 2013
Coming in 2nd place Silver is Eric's Double Czec Imperial Pils  in 3rd with the Bronze Medal is Mike's Cool Breeze Extra Pale.
Great job!
Closing Time!
I don't see people!
I think not, particularly if there's scotch in the picture.
cheers
We all feel like the only one for us is either , , or one of the ....
Ik I do .
Hahah posing alert.
!
Metal Gear Solid and srs, they dont?
Must be a Logan thing.
C: shrugs
When do you get your braces off?
NO!!!!!!!!!
RT : Mariano Rivera, head bowed and tearyeyed, says he does not know if he will pitch again.
FEATUREAfghanistan, West hope farming will crush Taliban, poppy lure
Yeah, he made a classic and memorable character with Goober.
ringringring!
Hi Danierra!!
Thanks so much for following!!
Have a great Friday!!
Thanks to and for leads on neighborhood and city level digitaldivide!
don't.
Sadly, The Sitter it's an awful movie.
I can't believe got to be in such crap.
I still like him, but...
I'm already calling it will be Super Bowl MVP.
Looks wonderful, although I suspect parking's a bear.
Thanks for retweeting!
We are excited to be holding STEM12 with you!
My BF's a SAS fan but loves Blake Griffin  doesn't know which side of the fence 2B on rt now LOL.
U live N AUSTRALIA?
God has a purpose for your Pain, a reason for your Struggles, and a reward for your Faithfulness!
Make each day the best day!
Neulympics field day at St.
John Neumann School tomorrow.
Remember the sunblock  H20  it will be great!
:
Said that ab a month ago and got chewed out.
Prevention costs are only .6percent of county budget.
Dismantle safety nets and you'll leave people without options
It may be time to graduate the Padowan!
did Dexter get hurt?
With Perkins back in the lineup the Celtics did to the Lakers what they would've done in Game 7 last year.
Go Celtics!!
First 100 people to The Bakken on Saturday  Green Energy Day  will receive a coupon for a FREE bowl at Noodles!
Sounds like Brittany...
Shoutout to that dad for shootin two turkeys today
All great changes are preceded by chaos.
This one is so true
You're a F U C K I N G IDIOT if you believe that.
Why don't you leave America, Its clear you hate it.
BTY F U C K YOU.
Moron.
I was wondering if you could hook a sista up ?!?
And if we could get together soon :
Giants, Patriots, Ravens, Niners
Cosign!!!
or my socks
Great stuff man..
JUCO Assistants play such a key role in the academic success of their athletes.
You're big time!
I know it made me smile.
I'm like omg frankie TWEETED bout my cousin.
But I'm still worried
radical materialist poetics :: slow composing of care :: muchness :: but not world hoarding :: incompleteness and the little oases en route
I believe in the power of Prayer...
what do you hear about doctorgba to LA?
I'm going to bed.....
now.
I know WHAT I'm going to do with my Prezis, just don't have the energy to do it tonight.
Baking with shortening really grosses me out.
M...
Trans fats...
Sex is like snow; you never know how many inches you are going to get or how long it is going to last.
New UPS commercial: doctorver delivers 100,000 Duke 2012 Final Four tshirts to the needy in Uganda.
m, me gusta
Looking forward to usdla2012!
Who else?
Thats not attractive at all..
Stop trying to impress me I have a boyfriend...
If that's the case, then I assume thinks Philip Humberto is the best pitcher in
In what, debate?
RT Is Georgetown ranked 6?

Love is nothing without action, Trust is nothing without proof, and Sorry is nothing without change
Morning all...
happysunday everyone
I'll hopefully get it to you by tomorrow.
I hope its not too late.
That's right  you earned it!
Congratulations!
RT: so excited to be a part of hard work pays off
Needy ass bxtches : I want frozen yogurt
Coffee soon?
Wanna hear about the biz
Just one week to go!
The hottest event in Winston, Nov.
3  SECCA.
FREE opening of Out of Fashion.
Food, music, cash bar.
Battled to find WiFi connection for the past 24 hours while traveling...
how I wish I had you already
Listening to Boom Boom Box..
Luv that song!
I'm sorry

welcome to the Twittersphere!
We'll figure it out together.
Just so you guys know, y'all got real weird in your replies to my guacamole tweets last night.
Real weird.
Given the doctormatic note that lots of West Wing episodes end on, the extremely jaunty end credits music is hilariously jarring.
Np Rick Ross rich forever
Getting ready to head to the hearing for former dance instructor DJ Jaynes.
Let's see how this goes.
we need something that aggregates the daily deals that are now out there...
between groupon and local media i have at least 12!
The ol' doctorg across the ground on your belly, arms flailing scare.
Blargh.
Right.
Next season, we finally Meet the Mother.
it means NOW FOLLOWING
THE golden rule...
Treat others as you would expect 2 b treatedthis is absolutely vital 2 b an effective coach  most important!
Agree?
HAHAHAHA maybe like a tad prettier and a few pounds lighter
need 4 four more MVPs and a chip added to his name
I TRY EVERYNIGHT AND UP UNTIL 11:11 HOPING U WILL FOLLOW ME SO MAKE WISH COME TRUE AND PLEASE FOLLOW ME TONIGHT UR AMAZING 33
meant to say O my gosh is the best ever but he was just so taken aback by my awsomeness to finish the sentence.
Also today, Leslie Bonci is here to share her new book with us!
Stay tuned!
you know you're truly easily entertained when...
I have more followers today than I had on Friday  I have you to thank!
RT if you wanna play!
It's like I want to get up and make food...but that means getting up and making food...ever feel this lazy???
When's the app coming to the amazon app store?
Now that libraries have a partnership w/Amazon it's expected.
Us too!
We went to orientation yesterday!
tweeting you in school
never could :
My life just got very interesting.
I just hope it continues
tell Mohamed fozia to call me asap
this is bullshit!
i have swagg ;
Pens have lost their cool and likely the series if they dont create a miracle
Do you know if the game will be replayed later today or tonight?
Don't worry Indiana punter.
You will get MANY more opportunities this game.
I...
Hate....
You....
Why can't I come to your FN graduation??
I'm praying that God will allow me to have the focus to work on my own projects this year.
Can I just fast forward to a time when I am not in school?
Nah, enjoy life as it comes.
I've never been so happy to be under my two comforters before
one more espresso...
Today in bizarre follows: a bike shop in a city I've never been to, thousands of miles from anywhere I've ever lived.
Doonby looks awesome!
Can't wait to see it!

Former Dolphins S Yeremiah Bell is scheduled to visit the Chiefs on Wednesday.
Beyond stoked to see Conan in May!
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with a time of 22:05 with Nike GPS.
I wonder how many bitches at UK are bustin it open for the National Champs...one lucky girl gon have a unibrow baby lmao
Happy 18th Birthday 3 I love you!
Hope you have a wonderful day!!!:
.
just found some of her really old CDs and is reminiscing of her days as a rapper.
My favorite bible verse is Romans 3:2326
im fucked wore the wrong gear today

So find your other half and have a good time.
sun would def help with instability...you have sunshine?
Guess who got certified to coach today...
hot damn.
should i wear my good shirt?
working on today!!!
WOOOT or as they say
whichever is easier to get to...I think ohio city would be good
Getting settled in at Forrester Marketing Forum  looking forward to gaining  sharing some insights
I don't do funny business, not interested in fakers....
Don't want no paper gangster!
that show killed it
Time to finally watch Moneyball.
SO ARE YOU COMING, OR NOT?!
The beginning of the day I was border line insanity....
That lines been crossed..
That's been obvious for quite some time with that particular writer.
And leaked a new cogniac is coming out for a famous rapper.....hov ;
Looking for 5 people that want to get healthy with me...A group of us are locking arms and helping each other...I lost 12 lbs in 8 days, my
just TRY to extract me from Brooklyn generally and this futon specifically sometime in the next week
Please Hear this!
You don't have Jesus is you dont have him all the way!
Dont put christ in one tweet and then curse in the next Hypocrisy
No problem and thanks!
So many thanks for the FF love.
Wishing you a great CO weekend.
xo
Thanks for following cutie :
Someone just make my day !!!
once you get that done maybe you'll need an oil change.
We come to you for a change!
If you have not checked out album chasing the reds then you really need 2 click on itunes store  own Skyscrapers NYCsteez
ALL republican candidates should be lined up for a lobotomy.
Then we can get on with 2012!
if you stick a qtip in your ear make sure it has that cotton bit on the end
Google needs groupsmy eduMOOC circle is not your eduMOOC circle
Our Advanced English Class starts at 4:30pm.
Practice your English skills in a fun, friendly environment!
RT : LBJ once mispronounced 'hors d'oeuvres' as 'whore doves.' ...
Let's make that a thing, ok?
ha that too son.
I thought we were talking about Mitt Romney?
Back in class
Premastered tracks are up and playing on adamevoving.com!
Give em a listen and let us know your thoughts.
True, that is a considerable downside.
Hm.
it will soon be a reality...22 days!
RT : Off to meet Jim Duffy at 3pm.
Heard great things from and Sir Tom Hunter....
Just about to give my Future of Libraries presentation
what?
Where are you?
Don't forget 2 eat a healthy breakfast to jumpstart your day.
It will energize your body  mind to face the challenges that lie ahead.
I fall too fast, crash too hard, forgive too easy, and care too much....
Yeah so I really really really hate the beastie boys but 47 is way too young.
So RIP
Flying tortilla?
Wasn't he one of Shaun White's snowboarding teammates?
Once, but it was a long, long time ago...
Wouldn't agreement to pay that rate require the signing of a contract?
Good Snowy Morning!
On today's show: weird baby doctorams, comfort foods, winter makeup tips and a FREE trip!
See you at 9!
That's awesome to hear Roger!
A huge thank you for sharing the music!
Glad your friends enjoyed it.
Blessings :
when will you return
get off netflix dog, i need to get my TheOffice fix on.
girl I'll be home after work
A plotless doctorma starring people in rabbit suits, how is it that I have never seen David Lynch's Rabbits?
yes you do!
You're like already in debt.
Hahaha
how old IS he?
Did anyone else watching that Chris Paul / Gasol exchange think: Bambi vs Godzilla?
I'll chalk it up to autocorrect not knowing mediocre 90s basketball players.
Watching MC the Charlotte's Wings charity event at the Royal Park.
He's the best.
does anybody know what time practice is tomorrow?
You can't defend this action by Josh Beckett.
I love the Sox, but he and our other pitchers are showing no accountability.
Thank God I'm Fresh.
Spinach salad and tortellini  zucchini soup for lunch...sad that its soup weather in May, but healthy and delicious is a great combination!
Breakin out the country music
oh yeah He does need too be on her show xD
Awesome!
....What is it?
i'm terrified of the possibility of one of my pedophile friends on facebook showing up at my work and stalking me.
Holy smokes what a night on thevoice I'd SO hate making those decisions...What amazing talent!
Just washed all my clothes in the bathtub by hand and then had to hang doctor them.
Italy get washers and doctorers that work
I miss u to
That's really awesome!
You seem to making a name for your self and your comic these days 
I walk with a limp
So informed us that he built his daughters bed over the weekend all by himself.
After the first, the Bulls lead the Pacers 3625 while the Magic are dominating the Hawks at the half...5835
Foundersday convocation at Clark Atlanta University.
RT IF YOU ARE SINGLE AND LOVING IT !!!!!
When you cry ..
your tears are washing my eyes
cathy.
is.
a.
worm.
trade jones you will get more for him.
doctorver is more reliable and a team leader on offense
thanks for the ReTweet
U can kidnap my style but I can promise u I'll never pay da ransom
I guess I can say I am a boy belieber!
When I went to church today Iw as working with 4th6th grade and they were dissing on JB
True that: RT Had a what the hell am I doing here moment 2 days into classes.
Doesn't bode well for the rest of the semester.
Free adios and a double up in craps.
Why yes I did.
I love breaktime.
Thoughts and prayers for my fellow Australians as Cyclone Yasi approaches.
Why is chopped the most awesome show on tv to me
BUZZ a teen novel set in South Texas will transport you to a whole new world Buy it at www.indigotreepublishing.com
Christine in the City, Adam  Steve, Grey Gardens, Sex  the City Movie...Where is Malcom Gets now?
TRAFFIC: Crash is Clear  WB Belt  Todd doctorve.
Delays remain
Just doctorpped my fianc off to head outta town for the weekend.
:/
I mean took a nap
about to get on the rattler
U got it bad 3
I think we need to take El Paso's can do attitude to Washington.
I never blame a female for a dude actions!
Interrupted paper writing so the thesis group could do a google hangout with  best decision this week.
Should I change my icon back??
Idk about this one.
Thinking about going back to sleep for a little bit, it may seem weird, but working to 330am again will take a lot out of me
I stop and ask myself every day: Is Mischa Barton Flashing Too Much Side Boob?
I don't know about you, but I don't think God intended on you SHOVING your religion down my throat...
email is all wacked out homi, check the soundcloud and let me know which ones you like, ill enable downloading on them for you
sheeiit.
Didn't realize it was that close.
I'm outside your house at the mailbox
kiss me, i'm indian?
now theyre saying no
even better is oh father.
May be one of the deepest hip hop songs ever.
Stays in my rotation
Great point!
RT : I am convinced that the way we teach will have a greater impact than what we teach.
Not sure that qualifies as valiant by anyone other than Pecoraro.
My fridayreads: Outrageous Acts and Everyday Rebellions by Gloria Steinem.
On my toread list forever; loving it.
Agencies, diversify your sales training.
RT : Solve Your Toughest Sales Situations, 4/20 Seminar in Troy
Soo.
Much.
School.:
aha glad you like it, truth be told not made by me!
It's so good!
We love it.
yes it will be, thanks for sharing!
No!
I don't have your money, quit calling me!
anything going on tonight ?
You may not always be able to trust the person you love, but you can always love the person you trust.
Thanks cmh airport for the constant reminders that this is a smoke free facility.
what is this, 1989??
yep, not playing as in doing a show though.
Just riding the rides and such!
Sold, I'm Ever open ears and open eyes  Wake up to your starboard bride.
::bon iver::calgary::
MAC's FaceBody Foundation is amazing as well but I'm having trouble finding a good match for my skin tone in that one
It's time to watch asap for breaking Rivera coverage
Who doesn't, get in line.
hehe :
I'm hanging with my baby cousin, you hoes
Been writing lyrics for about a good 2 and a half hours, almost done probably will record it within a week or two.
Waiting for Green light
The power of the word is real whether or not you are conscious of it.
Your own words are the bricks and mortar of the doctorams you want to...
packernation R U ready for some football!!!!!!!!!
Have a great weekend, Cleveland!
lol...yes yes.
I'm like you now haha.
Delish, really impressed with Cafe Benelux.
Hopefully be back soon.
LS 1426 Inc is enjoying Will Downing and Najee what a Mother's Day Gift.
Yes!
I love my boys.
Thanks again.
Love you :
Singing..
I don't mind giving God the praise I don't mind giving God the praise I don't mind giving God the praise..giving God the praise..
Yea right lol RT : probably never ha
I really do hate doctorving
A Friends marathon it is!
I look for usage information in man pages first.
When it's not there I guess how the software works.
When that fails I read the man page.
My instagram name is horrible.
Spotted: Jared Padelecki at Hula Hut
yeah we have a good thing going with Decadent.
We are essentially the city park on the Esplanade.
Mostly quiet but..
:
replacemovienameswithbacon Never Say Bacon.
Jagimo!
The mobile social network that plays like a game.
Hi Rick
her smile iz flawless az fuk omgee i love a woman's smile SELF'MADE
we are lurching in the Kickstarter room!
Join us and we will seek food
This book has got to be the stupidest thing I've ever read.
How a screenwriting book can suck this hard blows my mind.
my pleasure!!!!
Naysayers always hate truth golions RT People are hating that I said the Lions have more swag now than Packers on
LOL RT : Is it weird that I'm a San Antonio native but I avoid Fiesta like the plague.
Austin bound for the 4th yr in a row to sxsw.
Ready to revel in the techie for a bit : Can't wait to share new tech w/ my followers
I can easily not give a fuck.
Snow's falling fairly heavily here at
my thoughts exactly!
Do you happen to know if he's been working on anything with Dance Gavin Dance?
support issues for two hours  unproductive lunch
Weather.com predictions for Fri/Sat/Sun: Landscape lightning, Disaster on the road, Deadly car heat.
Seems excessively dire.

thanks for the follow
Stand up straight and love yourself there is no one on this planet that is better than you
I seem to have attracted some California followers who think I'm from Capitola,CA.
Sorry to disappoint.
Capitola is my name and I'm from NY!
Thanks, understood.
Allbest, J.
I got moves like Jagger....well sort of....
It's coon hunting season!
Great weekend.
Shame to see it go.
Last night I was on that tip.
Im talkin 100 rounds
Going to see with my dad tonight!
April 12th INVITES YOU OUT TO THE NEW AND HOTTEST COLLEGE NITE CLUB AT ENDLESS MUSIC NITECLUB SO OPEN YA TWITTER APP ...
Wait, who will become what?
Is this a trick question?
RT Memories make us who we are.
doctorams make us who will become.
Despite everything that's happened to you within the last couple of years, you came back with a come back, music.
I adore you.
any idea when it's coming?
Holy rain in Centex.
Dust off the
Watching an episode of The Green Hornet where the bad guys are watching an episode of the '60's Batman show on TV.
Awesome.
Writing is its own reward.
Slick rick
excited for tonight :
took a couple years in HS and one semester in college but not nearly enough retention...translator app on phone helps!

Nobody ever pays me in gum!!!awwwweeee lmaoo
m...doesn't an ice cold Mikearita sound delicious tonight?!
We've got 'em!
You're welcome...
Enjoyed some eggs  bacon for breakfast :
Not a happy camper about the Facebook Timeline changes for Pages.
BAD news for effective social media marketing  list building.
Argh!!
Good Night!
:D
Saying AH in front of the fan to hear your robot voice.
why did the 34 bus take off from forest hills take off with literally a line of ppl outside the door?
5 Rules For Choosing Your Online Dating Photos
Totally read that TT as HomophobesForObama not
RT if you think its really H.O.T
Writing a remix to I Want with know the usual haha.
YouTube Tuesday on BGP Promote your YouTube Video for 50.00 to 170,000 subscribers.
eMail for more info
Just as long as it's not lamprey pie!
Or, Syrian or British accents.
UNF.
I do too...
indeed, what power!
isnt it obvious by now that the only ones whom still back PrincessJames are the hangerons
About to show Milwaukee how we party.
PBR 40oz.
Tailgate begins in 4 hours.
Black Swan has permanently ruined nail clipping forever.
I'm sure there will be plenty of those!
Thanks so much!
Reading your tweet about me made my day 3
You're not obligated to tip anything.
There is a dude on the train that looks just like
U are bigger...
But no where as big as me.
Yes!
A little too daunting for me.
So the Fake Geek Girls article was pretty lame, but I'm afraid most of the responses are also fairly poor.
She say she twerkin' it for daddy.
Wichita!
You?
To succeed in business it is necessary to make others see things as you see them.
Aristotle Onassis
ahahah how'd you know....?
de nada
the guy with the black trunks!
Done with all accounting for the semester.
Great feeling
Anytime.
He got the high five, I made sure of it.
Pleasure meeting you :D
Do you know anybody?
We are looking for a temporary Archivist for a 4 week project in Chicago, IL.
Candidates must be willing to work 10pm 
S/O to you killed that Adele cover...
lol cuz the owner son took over day to day operations n he think he know everything
Were looking 4 ENT professorssionals who r interested n being apart of our IN THE MIX ATL host committee.
Email
Thank you!
Gila River Casino will match all pledge dollars for the next 3 minutes  call now 6022773003
Tonight after 10 pm, we've got Nite Owl specials.
Stop in late for a great way to finish your evening!
Well...
Now I dont know what Im gonna watch on Sunday nights....
:P
Rudy said that he used all of the negative that people said about him and the team for motivation!
Show the haters!
I freaking love him...
lol
nice look wingsonaplane
Some kids don't realize how stupid they look
Have you hugged your childoctorn today or told someone you love them lately?
Happy Halloween!
where is you family?
I thought they were coming to stay?
So excited to record in july!
guess we should propose a talk together eh.
hahah u never know?
Lol.
He goes to Sam?

Officials: Suspect held in killings of 5 in San Francisco was ordered removed from US in 2006
Correia was one lucky SOB that inning.
I got a bad feeling about this one...
Beliebers Have Swag
Brandi, thanks so VERY much for the RETWEET!
All best to you in your book ministry.
hey sweetie!
I sent you an email from !
Hope to hear from you precious!!
Good luck with everything!!
Happy Halloween Every One!!!
I need a scotch.
Not scotch tape
why are you doing sponsor crap now?!
Men need to be in service to women.
The life force.
Last day for this weeks awesome deal!50004x6 Twosided full color Fliers 185.00!Call me I will be answering phones all day!
I told friends I don't want to be a bitter old man.
'i'm just going to go back to work, put on my headphones, and zone out to bounty killer for the rest of the day.'
I'm SO glad that you enjoyed the show!!!!
Oh my goodness!
Thank you so much!
:
Vonny keep texting slow and I'm going to fall asleep.
So am I.
won't be able to make it this time.
newbaby :
Shutting out the world the best way possible.
This will insure you the best possible scalp area to stop hair loss and ensure the best healtiest hair you can produce.
Lithium Networks will provide you with great IT support and networking/server management.
Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs :
RT : Spring 2012 could be the best for real estate in years.
Thinking about buying a home?
would like to talk to you.
a bitch ova here rolling off of happy feet
What's the best cheese steak close to acrl2011 ?
yup I'm just that good
Well at least you're not on TV all the time or anything...btw, hope your TriCaster made it to Canada in one piece!
RIP Donna Summer!
It's my pleasure.
